thousands of people have once again leveled contempt at polarizing texas cheerleader kendall jones over an online competition she set up to find the ` hottest ' male hunter .
the 19-year-old - who has been bombarded with death threats and hate from all over the world due to her proud facebook posts about killing rare and exotic animals - said that she received over 3,000 submissions for the contest and personally decided upon an ` american idol-style top 12 ' .
but it was n't the nominees or even the winner - north carolina 's trey moore - that people cared about , and rather the fact jones was once again celebrating the slaughter of animals in the name of sport .
' -lrb- applause -rrb- for the day your gun fails and the lion tears u apart , ' one furious critic , paul norton , posted to jones ' facebook page .
packing heat : kendall jones , 19 , has only further incensed her detractors by starting up a search for the hottest hunter .
` sick and ignorant ' : critics say such a competition is nothing but a celebration of slaughtering animals for fun .
big game : most of the nominees are seen pictured with the rare animals they have shot dead .
winner : trey moore , from north carolina , was voted in as the winner of hot hunter 2014 .
kendall jones wrote in announcing trey moore as winner : ` congrats trey and good luck hunting in 2015 !! ' stiff competition : over 3,000 men are said to have applied to be part of the search .
fair game : while some animals are common for hunting , like deer , others are more exotic .
hot hunters : jones later revealed her real inspiration for starting the contest .
jones , a cheerleader at texas tech , claims her motivation for initiating the competition was to expose the sexism she has suffered .
` the real reason i did this whole competition was to prove that what really pisses off the anti-hunting crowd is not that i hunt , or that i pose with my trophies , or that i 'm proud of my achievements ... its the fact that i 'm a girl and i 'm doing those things , ' she wrote .
` well