by .
mark duell .
updated : .
16:08 est , 24 august 2011 .
a distraught truck driver has lost a legal battle with his doctor , who he claimed amputated part of his penis without his consent .
a u.s. jury has ruled in favour of dr john patterson , who removed part of the organ after finding potentially-deadly cancer during surgery in 2007 .
philip seaton , 64 , and his wife , deborah , were given the verdict by a jury today after filing the lawsuit in shelby county circuit court in kentucky .
` loss of service ' : phillip seaton and his wife deborah were suing a doctor who removed part of his penis without permission during supposedly routine surgery .
` life saver ' : dr. john patterson , right , talks to his lawyer clay robinson during the trial at shelby county courthouse in shelbyville , kentucky .
the jury ruled against claims that dr .
patterson failed to exercise proper care and mr seaton , of kentucky , had not .
consented to the amputation .
` everyone agrees that phillip seaton -lrb- has -rrb- the right to decide what is going to happen to his penis ' phillip seaton 's lawyer kevin george .
dr patterson had gone into the .
surgery intending to perform a circumcision but decided to remove part of the organ .
mr seaton had been seeking up to $ 16million in damages for ` loss of service , love and affection ' after his ` manhood was taken ' .
` phillip has changed , ' his lawyer kevin george , said in closing arguments .
` he was mutilated .
his manhood was taken .
` everyone agrees that phillip seaton -lrb- has -rrb- the right to decide what is going to happen to his penis .
' evidence : hundreds of medical documents were filed with the court and the jury saw graphic pictures during the case before a verdict was reached .
the hospital : but mr seaton and his wife have lost their lawsuit with dr patterson after he removed part of the trucker 's penis .
he plans to appeal the decision on .
the grounds that a doctor can change consent for surgery only if there .
is a danger of imminent death .
' i pulled the dressing