by .
sally lee .
and daniel van boom .
this grandiose heritage-listed mansion is the perfect setting for romance .
so much so , it has been rumoured that a hefty $ 25,000 is being paid each week for network ten 's reality dating series the bachelor .
the waterfront estate named clifton located in hunters hill - sydney 's affluent north shore , has been owned by the mccaffrey family since 1993 when they bought it for $ 2.75 million , reported the property observer .
scroll down for video .
virtual tour : channel ten gave fans a tour of the bachelor mansion on wednesday night when they uploaded a series of pictures to the show 's facebook page .
capturing every moment : the sandstone exterior is decorated with greenery and flowers all the way around , though it comes with a catch - a view of the backyard shows strategically placed cameras and lighting equipment .
although the official payment figure from production company shine australia has not been confirmed , it was reported that the ritzy estate was available for rent for $ 1,500 a week .
before the show aired , channel ten uploaded a series of pictures to the bachelor australia 's facebook page revealing the stunning 120-year-old property expands over 5,124 square metres - just as lavish as last year 's set at bayview 's la joie de vivre in sydney 's northern beaches .
the debut episode of australia 's second season of the bachelor on wednesday night also showed a glimpse of the luxurious mansion where the war for love takes place .
the sandstone exterior is decorated with greenery and flowers all the way around , though it comes with a catch - a view of the backyard shows strategically placed cameras and lighting equipment .
inside it 's even more extravagant , with beautiful chandeliers hanging from the ceiling in many rooms and the main hallway featuring a marble checkered floor .
a tour into the mansion 's living spaces reveal wooden floors , navy blue walls , cushy furniture and even more floral embellishments .
going back outside shows one of the many couches where blake will get one on one time with the girls during the season .
now that 's a bachelor pad !
inside it 's even more extravagant , with beautiful chandeliers