by .
reuters reporter .
published : .
16:02 est , 4 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:19 est , 4 october 2013 .
a rare fierce october snow storm rolled out over the central rocky mountains on friday , downing trees and forcing closures of state offices and more than 200 miles of interstate 90 across parts of wyoming and south dakota , state highway officials said .
up to 30 inches of snow was forecast to drop in parts of the black hills region of western south dakota from the storm , the national weather service said .
` it 's not normal this time of year , but it is not unheard of , '' said cory martin , meteorologist for the national weather service in north platte , nebraska .
`` but this amount of snow for an october storm is on the higher end .
' autumn snow : powerful storms moved into the midwest on friday due to a cold weather system gaining strength as it traveled east from colorado and wyoming .
stormy season : a huge storm system over the central u.s. is producing heavy snow and high winds in the rockies and western plains , a unusual wintry blast for early autumn .
south dakota snow : blizzards rolled into parts of wyoming and south dakota on friday , bringing the states to an unseasonably early wintery standstill by closing highways and schools .
heavy rain , golf-ball sized hail and winds of 60 to 70 miles per hour were forecast later friday in oklahoma along with severe storms in kansas , the national weather service said .
the national weather service , which is running on a reduced staff because of the federal government shutdown , issued blizzard and severe winter storm warnings across the upper plains through saturday morning .
the black hills of south dakota had seen up to 19.5 inches of snow on friday morning and up to 10 inches had fallen in wyoming , the national weather service said .
the heavy snow had caused some power outages in the casper , wyoming area .
south dakota governor dennis daugaard ordered state offices closed in the black hills and six counties in the southwestern part of the state and said further closures are possible .
a dusting of color : fresh snow dusts