by .
alex greig .
police say a car crossed the center lane on a new york road and crashed head-on into a larger vehicle , killing four teenagers and leaving three other people with serious injuries .
the collision happened just after midnight saturday in farmingdale on long island .
nassau county police say a 2001 nissan carrying five teens was traveling west when it crossed into the eastbound lane and was struck by a gmc suburban at about 12:04 am .
scroll down for video .
tragedy : cody talanian -lrb- left -rrb- is in a critical condition and his friend tristan reichle -lrb- right -rrb- is dead after a car crash last night that killed three other teens .
heartbreaking : noah francis -lrb- pictured -rrb- , carly lonborg and jesse romero were also killed in the accident .
jesse romero , carly lonborg , tristan reichle and noah francis were all killed in the tragic crash , reports the new york post .
the impact threw two of the teenagers , all students at farmingdale high school , from the car .
one , cody talanian , 17 , survived but is in a critical condition at nassau university medical center .
according to newsday , the front of the suv slammed into the passenger side of the nissan , crushing the small car .
` it was .
really a horrific scene , ' farmingdale fire department spokesman .
christopher pieloch , who responded to the accident , told newsday .
the .
two people in the gmc , a man , 53 , and his female passenger , suffered .
serious injuries but are expected to survive , police said .
both vehicles were impounded for brake and safety checks .
the investigation is ongoing .
high schoolers : all five teens who were riding in this 2001 nissan were from farmingdale high school .
disbelief : the families of the teens awoke to the awful news on mother 's day .
community in mourning : friends of the teens left flowers and notes near where the accident happened .
` my wife , she ca n't believe it , ' the father of jesse romero told the new york post .
` she ca n't talk much .
my whole family , we are all shocked as she is .
i ca n't