by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
08:33 est , 17 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
14:39 est , 17 march 2014 .
oprah winfrey is selling harpo studios in chicago to a developer for $ 32 million , it has been revealed , as she also puts her home in the city on the market .
winfrey filmed ` the oprah winfrey show ' at the studio from 1990 to 2011 , when she ended the talk show to start the oprah winfrey network on cable .
` we have entered into a purchasing agreement with sterling bay for the four-building harpo studios campus in chicago 's west loop , ' harpo told crain 's chicago business in a statement .
however , the studio will remain on the property for another two years .
scroll down for video .
leaving her mark : oprah winfrey reacting after a street outside her harpo studios in chicago was proclaimed oprah winfrey way during a ceremony with chicago mayor richard m. daley , left , and bobby ware , commissioner of the chicago department of transportation .
leaving town : winfrey is selling harpo studios in chicago to a developer , but the studio will remain on the property for another two years .
harpo inc. said in a statement that it has entered into a purchasing agreement with sterling bay cos. for the four-building campus on chicago 's west side .
` we expect the transaction to be closed in 30 days .
the property will be leased back to harpo for two years and the studio will continue to produce programming for own .
' winfrey filmed the oprah winfrey show at the studio from 1990 to 2011 , when she ended the talk show to start the oprah winfrey network on cable .
about 200 people work at the 3.5-acre campus , which will sell for about $ 32 million , crain 's reported sunday .
harpo said it expects to close the transaction in 30 days .
for ms. winfrey , selling off the last of her commercial real estate represents a final step out of chicago , which she left almost three years ago to form oprah winfrey network in los angeles .
for sale : oprah winfrey is set to sell her harpo studios campus to a chicago developer for