by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
03:14 est , 12 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
08:43 est , 12 june 2012 .
syrian troops have tortured children , executed them and used some as young as eight as ` human shields ' during military raids against rebels , according to a un report released today .
the united nations branded the syrian government one of the worst offenders on its annual ` list of shame ' of conflict countries where children are killed , abused and forced to fight .
human rights groups estimate that about 1,200 children have died during the 15-month uprising against president bashar al-assad , whose brutal crackdown on arab spring-inspired protests has been widely condemned .
brutal crackdown : children join the protests against syria 's president bashar al-assad in habeet , near idlib , as a un report documents shocking abuses and killings of boys and girls at the hands of the government .
demanding change : demonstrators in kafranbel , near idlib hold a placard -lrb- left -rrb- that reads : ` are you dumb ?
is there any sane person who really believes there could be a peaceful solution ?
' ` rarely have i seen such brutality against children as in syria , where girls and boys are detained , tortured , executed , and used as human shields , ' radhika coomaraswamy , un special representative for children in armed conflict , said ahead of the report 's release .
government forces rounded up dozens of boys aged eight to 13 before an attack on the village of ayn l'arouz in idlib province on march 9 , the report said .
the children were ` used by soldiers and militia members as human shields , placing them in front of the windows of buses carrying military personnel into the raid on the village , ' it said .
quoting witnesses , the un report said syrian military and intelligence forces , as well as pro-government shabiha militiamen , surrounded the village for an attack that lasted more than four days .
among the 11 dead on the first day were three boys aged 15 to 17 .
conflict continues : an image grab taken from a video uploaded on youtube on monday shows smoke billowing from the flashpoint syrian city of homs which activists