arsenal put in a woeful performance against monaco as the gunners lost 3-1 in their champions league last-16 first leg clash at the emirates stadium on wednesday night .
the gunners have enjoyed unforgettable success under manager arsene wenger but have also suffered their fair share of humiliations during the frenchman 's 19 years in charge .
here , sportsmail runs down arsenal 's 10 most embarrassing results since wenger took charge of the club back in 1996 .
arsenal look dejected after being stunned by monaco in the champions league last 16 on wednesday .
arsenal manager arsene wenger -lrb- centre -rrb- slumps into his seat during a frustrating night at the emirates .
former tottenham and manchester united striker dimiatr berbatov celebrates scoring against the gunners .
arsenal striker olivier giroud punches the ground in anger after squandering a number of good chances .
10 .
ac milan 4-0 arsenal , champions league - february 15 , 2012 .
the gunners faced ac milan in a double header for a place in the champions league quarter-finals in february 2012 but saw the tie ultimately decided at the halfway stage as arsene wenger 's side succumbed to a heavy 4-0 defeat .
arsenal 's hopes of progressing were left in tatters as a kevin prince-boateng strike , robinho double and zlatan ibrahimovic penalty gave the serie a giants a comprehensive victory .
the north londoners did regain some pride with a valiant 3-0 win at home but the damage was done and the gunners were out .
the defeat was the start of four consecutive last 16 losses for the gunners .
humiliation rating : 7/10 .
ac milan players celebrate their comprehensive champions league victory over arsenal in february 2012 .
robinho celebrates as robin van persie and thierry henry look dejected during the 4-0 defeat at the san siro .
9 .
arsenal 1-3 monaco , champions league - february 25 , 2015 .
having been paired up with german powerhouse bayern munich for the last two champions league campaigns , arsenal fans breathed a sigh of relief when they avoided the bundesliga champions and were instead drawn against french side monaco .
seen as one of the ` easier ' ties in the last 16 , arsenal fans went into the game full of confidence .
however , the mood soon changed as monaco took advantage