by .
becky barrow .
a radical pooled pension proposal could prevent retiring workers using their funds as they please .
experts say ` collective defined contribution ' schemes will not qualify for the reforms introduced by george osborne that allow pension holders to use their funds as a ` cash machine ' .
they were described as ` unfair and inflexible ' and it was said that they could lead to a poorer retirement for millions .
pension shock : experts say ` collective defined contribution ' schemes will not qualify for the reforms introduced by george osborne that allow pension holders to use their funds as a ` cash machine ' legislation for cdc schemes is expected to be revealed in tomorrow 's queen 's speech .
but tom mcphail , head of pensions research at the advisers hargreaves lansdown , was among those warning that workers may not be able to benefit from the freedoms introduced in the budget .
from april next year , anyone aged 55 and over will be able to use their pension as a source of cash .
mr mcphail , whose claim was disputed by sources at the department for work and pensions , said : ` any employer who decided to implement a cdc scheme would have to explain to employees why they ca n't take part in the freedom everyone else enjoys .
' in a research note published yesterday , he said : ` these pensions are unfair and inflexible and there is no demand for them .
' ` there are no guarantees ' : ros altmann warned that some cdc members in the netherlands had no inflation increases for nearly ten years .
dr ros altmann , a pensions expert and former downing street adviser , agreed and added that pensioners may also lose the guaranteed increase in their pension currently offered .
` some cdc members in the netherlands have had no inflation increases for nearly ten years and then had their pensions cut by about five per cent in the past couple of years , ' she said .
` people need to understand that there are no guarantees on their pensions in these schemes .
' with a cdc pension , a worker and their boss pay money into a fund every month , but the money is kept in a single pool