by .
jill reilly .
published : .
05:47 est , 30 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:12 est , 30 january 2013 .
decision : bruce davis , a former charles manson follower who has spent more than 40 years in prison .
the los angeles district attorney .
says she is opposing the impending release of charles manson 's right hand man who has spent more than 40 years behind bars .
now 70-years-old , bruce davis was 30 when he was .
sentenced to life in prison in 1972 in a case that was a postscript to .
manson 's notorious reign as leader of the murderous cult known as the .
manson family .
last year a recommendation to parole davis came after the double-murderer 's 27th appearance before the board .
but district attorney jackie lacey sent a letter to gov. jerry brown last week urging him to reverse a parole panel 's decision to grant davis freedom , reported fox news .
lacey says davis still lacks insight and genuine remorse for his crimes .
davis was not involved in the infamous .
sharon tate murders in 1969 , but he was convicted with manson and .
another man in the killings of a musician and a stuntman .
davis long maintained he was a .
bystander in the killings of the two men but in recent years he .
acknowledged his shared responsibility because he was present .
when the news of his possible release surfaced manson family prosecutor stephen kay said he was alarmed at the prospect of davis being allowed back on the streets .
captured : steve grogan -lrb- left -rrb- and bruce davis -lrb- right -rrb- enter court to be tried for murder in 1970 .
behind bars : charles manson orchestrated the murders of eight people and is serving life at corcoran state prison in california .
insisting davis should die in prison , mr kay added : ` would you want to wake up and find bruce davis next door ?
i think not .
' three years ago , then governor arnold .
schwarzenegger blocked davis 's release , saying he ` would pose an .
unreasonable risk of danger to society .
' the parole bid was opposed by a former manson family member , barbara hoyt , as well as sharon