by .
louise boyle .
duck dynasty patriarch phil robertson launched another tirade against the gay community this weekend but saved a few potshots for democrats .
the reality tv star and evangelical preacher got cheers from a crowd at alabama 's rock the south music festival on saturday during a q&a session with his son alan .
dressed his typical camouflage gear , he told fans that his homophobic remarks were really just part of his christian duty .
scroll down for video .
phil robertson -lrb- left -rrb- and his son alan answer questions during a q&a at rock the south in cullman , alabama on saturday .
the duck dynasty patriarch told the crowd his anti-gay remarks were because he was ` trying to help those poor souls find jesus ' according to al.com , robertson , 68 , said : ` i 'm actually a nice man .
... i 'm trying to help those poor souls and turn them to jesus .
' he also saved some scathing remarks for democrats .
` get your tail down and vote and lets vote this ungodly bunch out of washington , ' he said at the end of his speech , as the crowd went wild , the cullman times reported .
robertson 's remarks were relatively tame compared to previous public outbursts .
in his now infamous interview with gq in december , robertson said : ` it seems like , to me , a vagina -- as a man -- would be more desirable than a man 's anus ; that 's just me .
i mean , come on , dudes !
... it 's just not logical .
' he also likened homosexuality to bestiality .
` everything is blurred on what 's right and what 's wrong .
sin becomes fine , ' he said in the interview last year .
` start with homosexual behavior and just morph out from there .
` bestiality , sleeping around with this woman and that woman and that woman and those men ... neither the adulterers , the idolaters , the male prostitutes , the homosexual offenders , the greedy , the drunkards , the slanderers , the swindlers - they wo n't inherit the kingdom of god .
' in hot water : robertson , 68 , was briefly suspended from duck dynasty