australia was on the verge of announcing it had its own loch ness monster after strange s-shape and loop shape formations were spotted by a weather bureau radar off the west australian coast .
the unusual images sparked a frenzy of rumour online with some weather groups dubbing the initial 80km-wide formation the rottnest monster , as it appeared off rottnest island .
speculation mounted after a second shape was spotted today , adding to the intrigue .
giant squiggle : this first weather radar image sparked huge speculation that a mystery creature could be off the coast of rottnest island in western australia .
the loop-shaped formation added to speculation there was a loch ness-type creature living off the west australian coast .
however , the mystery was finally resolved this afternoon after the department of defence revealed that the formation was actually related to the navy testing a ship system in the area .
` the unusual pattern that appeared on the bureau of meteorology 's perth weather radar on wednesday 12 , was the result of a defence exercise off the west australian coast , ' a defence spokesman said .
` the exercise is a regular training activity involving ships and aircraft , that is designed to prepare a navy warship for an operational deployment .
this exercise is ongoing .
` the environmental conditions over the west australian coast at the time of the activity provided a unique opportunity for this routine activity to be visible on the weather radar display .
' wa weather group administrator sean gray , 39 , said he had hoped the formations were a sign of another life form such as a loch ness monster-type creature .
` the explanation totally ruined it - the mystery is over , ' he said .
' i think if there 's going to be a rumour , let 's give it a name and make it a rott nest monster .
it would be great for tourism and could get tours going .
' mystery creature : online groups had speculated that the squiggles could give rottnest island its own loch ness monster .
mr gray said people had seen navy activity in the area , but he did not believe this caused the formation .
` the thing that got everybody was how long it lingered on the radar and