by .
emma glanfield .
princess diana told how she ` could not help but be deeply moved ' after visiting landmine victims in bosnia in her last official letter .
princess diana told how she ` could not help but be deeply moved ' after visiting landmine victims in bosnia in her last official letter written before her tragic death .
the hand-signed note , on kensington palace-headed paper , was dated august 11 , 1997 and was sent to humanitarian campaigner dilys cheetham .
in it , the princess of wales thanked ms cheetham for delivering aid to refugee camps in the mostar region of bosnia .
the princess had herself just returned from a three-day visit to bosnia as part of her crusade against landmines .
in the heartfelt letter , she wrote : ` there was not enough time for me to visit the mostar area while i was in bosnia but i was able to visit a number of anti-personnel landmine victims and their families .
` i could not help but be deeply moved by the experience .
' she added the trip ` hardened my resolve to ensure the world does not forget that those who have been so needlessly maimed by these terrible weapons will need care and support for many years to come ' .
the moving letter was sent just weeks before her tragic death in a car crash in paris on august 31 , 1997 .
it is now expected to fetch up to # 3,000 when it is auctioned off in birmingham next week .
ms cheetham , from richmond , north yorkshire , died in 2006 .
before her death she sold the letter to celebrity photographer jason fraser in a charity auction to raise money for landmine victims .
the hand-signed note , on kensington palace-headed paper , was dated august 11 , 1997 and sent to humanitarian campaigner dilys cheetham .
in the heartfelt letter , princess diana wrote : ` there was not enough time for me to visit the mostar area while i was in bosnia but i was able to visit a number of anti-personnel landmine victims and their families ' the princess had just returned from a three-day visit to bosnia as part of her crusade against landmines when she sent the moving and heartfelt letter .
the moving letter is