by .
colin fernandez .
published : .
10:05 est , 24 april 2012 .
| .
updated : .
18:43 est , 24 april 2012 .
ex-soldier : brian witty , a former captain in the parachute regiment , is accused of raping three women and sexually assaulting another .
a city financier found guilty of a string of rapes of women he met on the internet and in bars may have struck many times previously , police warned yesterday .
brian witty , 41 , a former territorial army captain with the parachute regiment , was convicted of raping three women and sexually assaulting another over 16 years .
he met two of the women on the website datingdirect.com , the other two after chance encounters in pubs .
three were raped after being invited back to his flat and the other was sexually assaulted in an alley near covent garden , central london .
after the convictions yesterday , it was revealed witty had been found guilty of assaults on the mother of his 17-year-old son and a previous girlfriend .
the court heard that witty , who drove an aston martin and earned around # 140,000 a year , could be sentenced to life imprisonment for ` public protection ' .
on his internet profile on datingdirect , witty described himself as ` intelligent , attractive , witty and fun to be with ' , and added : ` i enjoy meeting like-minded intelligent , humorous individuals -lrb- females only please !
-rrb- who want to have some fun/sparkle in their lives .
' once his dates were arranged , powerfully-built witty would typically ply his victims with drink before forcing them to have sex .
when they begged him to stop he ` steamed on regardless ' and afterwards would pretend nothing had happened .
when his first victim rebuffed his sexual advances , he leapt out of bed and said : ` i ca n't believe this .
i 'm a good-looking bloke .
' edmund gritt , prosecuting , said : ` the prosecution 's case is witty does not take no for an answer .
' attempting to explain why four women who had never met would all accuse him , witty , of teddington , south-west london , said he had no idea , other than that two of them might