by .
mia de graaf .
published : .
06:02 est , 15 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
09:24 est , 15 february 2014 .
a bus ploughed into a florist 's shop after the driver jumped off to buy a newspaper .
the single-decker slammed through a set of traffic lights before crashing into the front of edelweiss flower store in stowmarket , suffolk .
there was one stunned passenger on board the number 88 ipswich-bound first eastern counties bus as it careered down a hill , gathering speed .
smash : the 12-tonne bus was left with a smashed windscreen and no bumper after hurtling into a florists .
the driver had parked the bus and stepped off to go into a newsagents at 8am on wednesday morning .
but moments later , the 12-tonne vehicle began to move until it was plummeting down a steep slope .
it slammed into the corner shop , hitting the wooden-panelled front clean off the building , and smashing the vehicle 's windscreen .
chris speed , business manager for the norwich-based company , said the driver had turned off the engine before he went to get his morning paper .
mr speed said : ` unfortunately the vehicle moved forward , went through the lights and ended up in the shop .
' the front of edelweiss in stowmarket , suffolk , came clean off the building in the bizarre incident .
there was one passenger on board the ipswich-bound bus .
florist isabel wilson has been forced to move .
he said the coach would be tested in case it had a mechanical fault .
mr speed said the driver , who has not been named , had worked for the firm for a ` good few years ' and had stopped to buy a newspaper .
` he was only a few metres away from the bus , ' he said .
isabel wilton , who owns edelweiss , said nobody was in the shop at the time of the bizarre incident .
chris speed , business manager for first eastern counties buses , said an investigation has been launched into the crash .
but she said customers could not actually enter the store as the careering bus had damaged her premises .
mrs wilton is now working from the noble and white gift shop