much of the start of the world 's most famous sled dog race is covered in barren gravel , forcing iditarod organizers to move the start further north where there is snow and ice .
a weather pattern that buried the eastern u.s. in snow has left alaska fairly warm and relatively snow-free this winter , especially south of the alaska range .
` if i have one more person say to me to move the iditarod to boston , i 'm going to shake my head , ' said race director mark nordman .
scroll down for video .
in this photo taken on thursday , there are bare patches of grass and mud on sled dog trails in anchorage , alaska which is unsuitable for the iditarod .
the iditarod trail sled dog race starts saturday with a ceremonial run through anchorage .
but the official start two days later has been moved 225 miles -lrb- 360 kilometers -rrb- north , over the alaska range , to fairbanks to avoid the area that left many mushers bruised and bloodied last year .
iditarod officials said the conditions are worse this year .
the race 's chief executive officer , stan hooley , called the conditions ` pretty miserable .
' and last year was no picnic .
one musher last year was taken out by a rescue helicopter after making it through the dalzell gorge only to hit his head on a tree stump in the farewell burn .
knocked unconscious for at least an hour , scott janssen got back on the trail after waking up .
but shortly after , he broke his ankle while walking on ice trying to corral a loose dog .
mush !
: aliy zirkle 's team runs across willow lake during the iditarod trail sled dog race in willow lake , alaska last year when the terrain was snowy enough .
` as an outdoorsman , to have to be rescued from the trail is n't a wonderful thing , ' janssen said .
this year 's race will feature 78 mushers , including six former champions and 20 rookies .
the winner is expected in nome in about 10 days .
alaskans can thank the jet stream , which has been delivering warm air from the pacific , said dave snider , a meteorologist with the national weather service