salvadoran soccer players were left baffled ahead of their match against argentina in washington d.c. on saturday after the stadium played the wrong national anthem .
rather than pressing play on ` himno nacional de el salvador ' , staff at the stadium switched on ` arrane ashoonagh vannin ' - an anthem belonging to the isle of man , usa today reported .
a video of the awkward moment shows the players looking at each other and slowly removing their hands from their chests before turning to walk off the pitch .
scroll down for video .
shock : soccer players from el salvador were confused when the wrong national anthem was played instead of theirs ahead of their match against argentina in washington d.c. on saturday .
and it was just the beginning of the bad luck for the team , who lost the friendly match 2-0 .
as well as the players from el salvador , their supporters were unimpressed with the mistake and boos rang out across the field .
washington is home to one of the largest salvadoran communities outside of central america and their followers outnumbered the argentine support .
cmn sports , which organized the match , apologized to the team and the entire salvadoran community for the ` honest mistake ' in a statement on sunday .
` the organization understands and regrets the unfortunate incident with the el salvador national anthem at yesterday 's friendly match at fedexfield , ' it said .
confusion : the stunned players look at each other as they try to figure out what is going on .
having listened to the wrong anthem , the salvadorans head for the handshakes with their heads down .
` cmn sports takes full responsibility for this honest mistake and values all feedback from loyal fans , the salvadorian community and partners affected by this incident .
` this was not done with malicious intentions and the company will be sure to address this with the right parties to ensure it does n't happen again .
' but the damage was already done .
gerardo martino 's side dominated the game and took the lead in the 54th minute thanks to a nestor renderos own goal deflected from ever banega 's shot .
substitute federico mancuello then made sure of the win with a free kick at 88 minutes