by .
tamara cohen , political correspondent .
published : .
19:12 est , 23 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:10 est , 24 december 2013 .
britain is accused of breaching almost 50 eu rules over items ranging from tractors to toys -- and even garlic .
in what will be seen as more meddling from brussels , the government is being pursued for failing to follow dozens of european commission directives and other legal agreements .
if ministers fail to address the allegations , lawsuits could end up in crippling fines at the european court of justice .
britain is accused of breaching almost 50 eu rules over items ranging from tractors to toys ¿ and even garlic .
one claim , concerning import duties on fresh garlic from china , was sent to the court in september .
eurocrats also want to take action over the delayed implementation of a directive about emissions from narrow track tractors , introduced by the commission in february .
other complaints , about which few details have been disclosed , concern toy safety , the cleanliness of beaches , the energy performance of buildings and vehicles nearing their ` end of life ' .
details of the 47 legal actions , obtained under freedom of information laws from the cabinet office , will fuel the fierce debate about britain 's role in europe .
although david cameron wants to renegotiate membership and has promised an ` in or out ' referendum in 2017 if he remains in power , he faces pressure from his own party as well as eurosceptics in the uk independence party .
the prime minister has promised an ` in or out ' referendum in if the conservatives win again .
london 's tory mayor boris johnson wrote yesterday that no ` positive case ' was being made for staying in the eu , which he said had become known for ` agreeing standards for widgets ' .
critics question the commission 's cases .
are sufficiently serious to warrant legal action given the burden they .
place on the government 's lawyers .
eurosceptic tory mp douglas carswell .
said : ` this is not what we signed up for all those years ago .
` this is .
no way to run a country and it is running our country into the