it was the feature that made him instantly recognisable , and in britain ridiculed .
adolf hitler 's toothbrush moustache was as much his hallmark as a swastika and his side-parting hair style .
now the story of how the dictator went from having an elaborate handlebar moustache to the style he is forever associated with has been told in emmy-nominated series the world wars .
before and after : a new series reveals that adolf hitler got his infamous toothbrush moustache -lrb- right -rrb- after he had to trim his handlebar style -lrb- left -rrb- to allow his gas mask to properly seal during the first world war .
the three-part mini series from the history channel sheds a new light on the conflicts that defined the 20th century , and features dramatic re-enactments as well as interviews with historians and current political figures including john mccain , colin powell , stanley mcchrystal and dick cheney .
the series , spread over six hours , starts with a first world war soldier discovering that his handlebar moustache , complete with twisted ends , is preventing his gas mask from sealing tightly during a gas attack in a trench .
the soldier , revealed to be a young adolf hitler , is then shown trimming the facial hair into a neat square , creating the infamous style .
stephen david , the series ' executive producer , said his research team had learned how hitler had favoured a longer moustache prior to the outbreak of the first world war while making the programme .
` we 're trying to be as factual as we can , ' he told the wrap .
preference : hitler , pictured as a young soldier , had favoured a longer moustache prior to the outbreak of the first world war .
` sometimes we have to compress time .
he was n't ordered to shave the .
mustache , but actually he shaved the mustache while he was in the .
hospital .
budget-wise , it would have been tough to film there as well as .
in the trench .
' after the conflict ended in 1918 , hitler kept the moustache , still preferring the trimmed style as he rose to power in germany in the early 1930s , and it soon became one of his most identifiable features .
mr david