conflict : roger waters , 70 , has been branded an antisemitic after his comments last week .
the former frontman of pink floyd has sparked outrage after comparing israel 's government to the nazi regime .
leading rabbis and jewish writers have blasted roger waters as antisemitic for claiming the state 's treatment of palestinians is akin to the oppression of jews between 1933 and 1946 .
waters , 70 , who refuses to visit or perform in israel , said he would not have played in france or germany during the second world war either .
` the parallels with what went on in the 1930s in germany are so crushingly obvious , ' he told american magazine counter punch last week .
` there were many people that pretended that the oppression of the jews was not going on .
from 1933 until 1946 .
so this is not a new scenario .
except that this time , it 's the palestinian people being murdered .
' he claimed palestinians are regarded as ` sub-human ' , and branded the israeli rabbinate ` bizarre ' .
enraged , rabbi shmuley boteach has hit back at waters , calling his comments an ` antisemitic diatribe ' which outstretches any other attack on israel and jews .
writing in the new york observer , rabbi boteach said : ` mr waters , the nazis were a genocidal regime that murdered six million jews .
` that you would have the audacity to compare jews to monsters who murdered them shows you have no decency , you have no heart , you have no soul .
' the conflict comes just months after waters was forced to explain why he used a pig-shaped balloon decorated with a star of david on the set of one of his concerts , seen by many to single out judaism as an evil force .
the singer , a vocal supporter of the palestinian cause , rebuffed his critics by claiming it was one of many religious symbols on the stage .
last night , waters rejected his critics once again .
it follows outrage earlier this year when a pig balloon marked with a star of david formed part of waters ' set at a concert .
waters rejected claims it was a message to fans that judaism is a force of evil