by .
eddie wrenn and damien gayle .
published : .
08:02 est , 23 august 2012 .
| .
updated : .
08:02 est , 23 august 2012 .
is this the new iphone cable ?
this image purporting to show the new gadget 's lead was leaked on twitter by veister , a charger making company .
an apple supplier has fuelled rumours that the release of the new iphone is imminent by announcing it has begun mass production of a new , thinner display for a mystery customer .
flat-screen maker lg display said production of the screens , widely speculated for use in the next incarnation of apple 's iconic smartphone , remains in line with customers ' product release plans .
` we just began mass production and we do n't expect any disruption in supplies , ' han sang-beom , chief executive of lg display , a panel supplier for apple products , told reporters in south korea last night .
mr han made no mention of who the customer could be .
his announcement came as a photo apparently showing a charge and sync cable for the new iphone emerged online .
apple is planning a major product launch on september 12 , stoking speculation that the world 's most valuable technology company will unveil its eagerly awaited redesigned iphone .
the company is rumoured to be equipping the next iphone with a larger screen after samsung electronics unveiled its latest galaxy smartphone with a 4.8-inch touch-screen .
sources have said that the panels for the new iphone will be 4in corner to corner - 30 per cent bigger than current iphones .
the iphone screens will also be .
thinner than previous versions with the use of so-called in-cell panels .
which embed touch sensors into the liquid crystal display , eliminating .
the touch-screen layer found in current iphones .
however , the register reports that .
pundits have speculated that the revolutionary new design could lead to .
shortages , because the displays are harder to make .
the new iphone 5 ?
these images purport to show the new version of apple 's popular smartphone .
earlier this week a phone company .
leaked what it claimed is the official front cover of apple 's .
soon-to-be-released upgrade to its iphone range , which appears to .
confirm a