neighbors who were excited about the sale of a $ 1.6 million 15-bedroom historic detroit mansion are now dismayed after finding out it will now become an addict treatment center .
the luxurious alfred j. fisher mansion in historic palmer woods , was sold in august to an anonymous buyer .
but it has now been revealed that the new owner is brad lamm , founder and director of the breathe life healing centers in new york and los angeles , who now plans to use the 1926 mansion as part of his addiction treatment business .
neighbors who were excited about the sale of a $ 1.6 million 15-bedroom historic detroit mansion are now dismayed after finding out it will now become an addict treatment centre .
the luxurious alfred j. fisher mansion in historic palmer woods , was sold in august to an anonymous buyer .
but it has now been revealed that the new owner is brad lamm , founder and director of the breathe life healing centers in new york and los angeles , who now plans to use the 1926 mansion as part of his addiction treatment business .
the guests can take a dip in the pool or walk the two acres of manicured grounds at the mansion .
the owner of the propery is brad lamm , founder and director of the breathe life healing centers .
in a statement to the free press on tuesday , a representative for breathe life healing centers said the fisher mansion is being renovated to serve as both the company 's newest spiritual retreat center and lamm 's primary residence .
` each -lrb- center -rrb- offers a welcoming atmosphere coupled with amenities and grounds designed to encourage serenity and self-reflection , ' the statement read .
a breathe life spokesman said the center , which could open as early as this winter , wo n't provide medical care onsite , reports cbs detroit .
a separate facility on 7 mile road near livernois would treat clients ' medical needs .
palmer woods association board member rochelle lento says neighbors are ` very concerned ' about the center .
she says it does n't fit zoning guidelines for the residential community .
craig vanderburg , president of the palmer woods association , told detroit free press said residents would like more information regarding the house 's