a 19-year-old maryland woman who survived being shot by an ex-boyfriend has broken her silence with an emotional facebook post just two weeks after the attack .
kristen loetz first thanks both those who 've helped her in her speedy recovery and cj abbott , the 19-year-old who died while protecting her from her attacker .
loetz then compassionately addresses ryan shallue , the angry high school flame who took his own life after forcing his way into her home near salisbury university , shot her in the face , and murdered her heroic friend .
speaking out : kristen loetz -lrb- right -rrb- took to facebook to speak for the first time since her jilted ex-boyfriend shot her in the face and murdered her friend who tried to protect her .
` everyone needs to know how you saved my life that day , ' writes the honors nursing student in her loving ode to cj abbott .
loetz had spent the 12 days previous recovering from wounds she incurred the night shallue shot her and abbott with a semi-automatic rifle before before going into a bathroom and shooting himself in the head .
` my fast recovery is greatly because of all of the love and support i have received from everyone , ' loetz writes .
that support came first and foremost from abbott , whose sister said he died a hero trying to stop shallue from assaulting loetz .
' i love ya ceej ' : loetz thanks all her friends and family , but she gives extra thanks to the man who helped her keep her life but lost her own -- cj abbott .
` thanks for being my hero ' : loetz wrote an emotional thanks to cj abbott , the 20-year-old who sacrificed himself to help save her life when ex ryan shallue pulled out a gun to exact his revenge .
haunting : as shallue -lrb- left -rrb- lay dead , this photo of him with the woman he tried to kill remains on his twitter account .
` it is so unfair that it was you and not me , ' she writes .
` cj , the most kind gentle hearted person who would jump at the chance to lend a hand to anyone .
' loetz writes of abbott 's ` fantastic family ' and says ` one