the pope married 20 couples today , several with children out of wedlock , in the latest demonstration of his more laissez-faire attitude to catholic teaching .
in an extremely rare celebration , pope francis presided over the vows of couples who some traditionalists would say were living ` in sin ' .
the last time a pope performed a marriage was st john paul ii , who wed 16 people at a mass to mark the jubilee for families in october 2000 .
pop francis married 20 couples , several with children out of wedlock , in a ceremony at the vatican today .
today , francis took each couple through their vows in turn - including gabriella improta and guido tassara , who already had children and .
thought such a marriage would be impossible , radio vaticana reports .
the diocese of rome had earlier candidly stated : ` the people getting married on sunday are couples like many .
others .
some already .
live together , some already have children .
' francis , the first non-european pope in 1,300 years , .
has shown extreme tolerance in relation to subjects traditionally taboo in the church .
he recently claimed that the church must end its obsession with teachings on abortion , contraception and homosexuality , and become more merciful or risk collapsing ` like a house of cards ' .
speaking about gay people , he once asked ` who am i to judge ' someone ` who seeks god and has good will ?
' .
guido tassara , left , and gabriella improta , just married by pope francis , exchange rings during a wedding ceremony in st. peter 's basilica at the vatican .
the pope believes the church must end its obsession with teachings on abortion , contraception and homosexuality , and become more merciful , or risk collapsing ` like a house of cards ' his liberal approach bears stark contrast with that of his predecessor , the .
german pope benedict , who said that threats to the traditional .
family undermined the future of humanity itself .
francis ' latest step will be a boost for those hoping he proposes liberal reforms at a major vatican conference on sexual and family relationships next month .
many have already been encouraged by signs that the argentine has a