nearly 15 years ago an amazing story emerged of how a young japanese woman had travelled half-way across the world to try and find a suitcase stuffed with $ 1m dollars that had been buried in the snow .
it was claimed that takako konishi had believed the film fargo was real - after all the hit movie begins with the words ` this is a true story - when she was found dead in a mini-skirt and high-heeled boots in the frozen wastes of minnesota just days after arriving .
this was all confirmed by a police officer from the small town of detroit lakes , who said he had spoken to the 28-year-old shortly after she turned up .
he said she kept repeating the words ` fargo , fargo ' .
scroll down for video .
rinko kikuchi as takako konishi in the new film kumiko , the treasure hunter , which tells the story of how the young japanese woman went searching for a suitcase of cash which had been buried in the film fargo .
according to the film , takako froze to death searching for the $ 1 million stash buried in the snow by steve buscemi 's hapless criminal -lrb- pictured -rrb- in the coen brothers ' fictional 1996 film .
fargo was shot in the frozen wastes around the north dakota town not far from where takako died .
but it turns out that it was all a simple misunderstanding between a small town cop and the woman from tokyo who could not speak english .
now takako 's incredible story has been made into a film of its own - kumiko , the treasure hunter - newly released by american filmmakers , and brothers , david and nathan zellner - that dramatizes the myth of her journey and sad end .
what is certain is that takako 's body was found by a hunter in some woodland near detroit lakes , a town in minnesota some 50 miles east of the real town of fargo , in the neighbouring state of north dakota , in november 2001 .
but she did n't die in search of the cash buried in front of a roadside fence under the snow by steve buscemi 's character in the 1996 coen brothers film .
paul berczeller , a new yorker based in london who in