by .
gerri peev .
a millionaire tory mp has admitted making an expenses claim for the electricity used by his horse riding business and a yard manager 's mobile home .
nadhim zahawi , who was a successful entrepreneur before becoming an mp in 2010 , had the highest energy expenses of any politician , a newspaper report revealed .
he said the claim was a ` mistake ' as he had not realised there was no separate energy bill for the horse riding business run from his sprawling 31-acre warwickshire estate .
apology : tory mp nadhim zahawi , 46 , has apologised for claiming almost # 6,000 in electricity bills to run a business from his second home .
mr zahawi has been a vociferous supporter of statute-backed press regulation .
last year , he was one of 42 tory mps to sign a letter calling for tight controls .
he agreed with lord justice leveson .
that having the press preside over its own regulator was akin to ` having .
the industry mark its own homework ' .
the stratford-upon-avon mp claimed nearly # 6,000 for his energy bills .
mps are only allowed to claim expenses on domestic energy use at their second homes , not for costs linked to running a business .
mr zahawi vowed to repay the money in full but said the figure had included bills for a previous year and was closer to # 4,000 .
he said : ` i have been looking into .
this matter further and can confirm that all claims for heating fuel .
relate purely to my second home .
however , i have made a mistake with my .
electricity claims .
` electricity for a mobile home located in the stable yard , and electricity for the stables themselves , was linked to my house .
` whilst a meter was installed in the .
stable yard , i have only been receiving one bill ; it was wrong to assume .
i was receiving two and to have not checked this sooner .
` i am mortified by this mistake and .
apologise unreservedly for it .
i will obviously be paying back any .
money that was wrongly claimed immediately .
' mr zahawi 's second home has a stable .
with room for at least 20 horses .