by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
15:08 est , 29 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:30 est , 29 april 2013 .
a 33-year-old former english teacher sentenced to parole after admitting she had sex with a 15-year-old male student , was ` heavily depressed ' at the time , her attorneys said today .
erica depalo , from montclair , new jersey , has been sentenced to a three-year suspended sentence , meaning she will not serve jail time but will be registered as a sex offender .
the former essex county teacher of the year pleaded guilty in february and agreed today to never seek public or government employment again , nor have any contact with her victim .
erica depalo , who taught at west orange high school , suffered from depression , anxiety and bi-polar disorder during the affair , her attorneys said in court today , nj.com reported .
erica depalo will receive life parole supervision under the terms of her plea agreement and must forfeit her teaching license .
her mental state was factored into .
her plea deal and her attorney anthony alfano said : ` she was functioning .
in the classroom , but she was feeling it inside .
she was heavily , .
heavily depressed .
' depalo had previously been prescribed anti-depressants , which alfano said should not have been given to a bi-polar sufferer .
` she thought she was too good , that she could do anything ' , he said .
during her sentencing , the former .
teacher said : ' i feel nothing but remorse for my actions and deep , deep .
sadness for all i 've lost because of them .
' depalo was initially charged last august , with aggravated sexual assault and a second count of sexual assault since the student was 15 and could not consent .
those charges were dropped as part of the plea deal .
she could have faced up to 10 years in prison if convicted on all initial charges .
she told judge peter ryan in february that on june 27 , 2012 she had sexual intercourse with a 15-year-old boy , who was also her student , who had came to her apartment after school .
assistant prosecutor tony gutierrez said in february that he had spoken