by .
nick enoch .
updated : .
11:20 est , 6 march 2012 .
donald and isobel grist after the war .
they kept their hope up by imagining their dream cottage while interred in a pow camp .
an english couple 's dream of an idyllic .
country cottage kept them alive during three years apart in a hellish world war .
ii prison camp , their recently discovered letters reveal .
and after donald and isobel grist 's .
nightmare existence in the japanese jail came to an end in 1945 , one of the .
first things they did was turn their dream into reality .
the married couple risked execution by .
secretly exchanging poignant letters to each other to keep their spirits up in .
the notorious changi pow camp .
mrs grist nearly died from malnutrition and .
disease in the horrific conditions and was even given the last rites by a .
priest at one stage .
apart from the prospect of seeing each other .
again , the one thing that kept them going was the hope of living in a quaint and .
quiet home back in england .
their grandson joseph bampton unearthed the .
story after he was given the letters and about 20 watercolours his late grandmother painted during her life in the camp before his mother died in january .
they have come to public light after he took .
them along to tv 's antiques roadshow in devon .
in one letter to her husband dated june 2 , .
1944 , mrs grist , then aged 54 , wrote : ` for the first 18 months in jail i .
thought - oh for a house , garden and seclusion .
' upon returning to england and back to good .
health , they bought a remote thatched cottage in the suffolk village of stoke by .
nayland and lived there happily for the next 20 years .
mr bampton , 66 , from wells , somerset , said : ` my grandparents were middle-aged and living and working in kuala lumpur when .
they were taken by the japanese in 1942 .
` they were separated in changi jail and had .
little contact with each other during that time .
a watercolour painting by isobel of the changi prison camp in singapore