the fbi said wednesday that zulkifli bin hir is dead .
the federal bureau of .
investigation has confirmed one of its ` most wanted terrorists ' was killed in a .
raid in the philippines in january .
the fbi said on wednesday that zulkifli bin hir , a malaysian member of the al qaeda-linked jemaah islamiah militant group , is dead .
the reward offered by the us state department for the arrest of bin hir , who was believed to be behind numerous bombing attacks in the philippines , was $ 5million .
bin hir was born 1966 in muar , johor , according to his profile at the national counterterroism center .
it continues : ` an engineer trained in the united states , he is believed to be the head of the kumpulun mujahidin malaysia terrorist organization and a member of jemaah islamiyah 's central command .
` since august 2003 , he has been present in the philippines , where he is believed to have conducted bomb-making training for the abu sayyaf group .
' bin hir no longer appears on the most wanted terrorist list on the fbi 's website .
investigators said they had a difficult time confirming bin .
hir 's death because he was killed in a gruesome raid that went .
awry and left 44 police commandos dead .
previously , the fbi reported that it had identified body .
matter at the scene that it believed belonged to hir because .
of a dna link between the matter and one of his siblings .
three years ago , the philippine military reported bin hir .
died in an air strike , but he surfaced again last year in .
mindanao under protection of a moro islamic liberation front .
splinter group .
bin hir no longer appeared on the most wanted terrorist list on the fbi 's website as of wednesday evening .
this is the hut in tukanipalao , mamasapano , maguindanao , mindanao , philippines , bin hir was killed .
investigators had a difficult time confirming bin hir 's death because he was killed in a raid -lrb- aftermath above -rrb- .
david bowdich , the assistant director in charge .
at the fbi los angeles field office , thanked the .
philippine police .
he said : ` once again , the men and