sportsmail 's tuesday columnist puts his neck on the line in forecasting what he believes will happen in a season that could prove to be the most intriguing premier league campaign yet , as well as predicting outcomes in the champions league and la liga plus england 's fortunes in the euro 2016 qualifiers .
gareth bale will score 30-plus goals - providing he stays fit .
the confidence he has built up in the past 12 months at real madrid and the physical power he can now add to his talents will see him take his game to another level .
the players around will help of course , but it would n't surprise me if real madrid won both the champions league and la liga , with bale taking centre stage .
the welshman netted 15 times last season ; double it and more this year .
video scroll to watch bale in training with cristiano ronaldo and james rodriguez .
hitman : real madrid 's gareth bale practises free kicks during a training session on monday .
all smiles : bale is back in the welsh capital for the super cup against sevilla on tuesday night .
wayne rooney will have his best ever season at manchester united .
i 'm not just talking about the amount of goals he will score , i 'm talking about his all-round game .
he will score and create , and he will flourish under a world class manager who believes in him .
show us what you can do , wayne .
time to shine !
wayne rooney should flourish in a manchester united shirt under new boss louis van gaal .
knows where the net is !
rooney looks like to pile in with goals and assists at old trafford this season .
video rooney favourite for captaincy .
luis suarez will get sent off at least twice .
he will be a marked man , referees will be watching closely -- nobody will want to be the man in the middle who misses the fourth bite - and opponents in spain will be as masterful of the dark arts of football as suarez is .
he 's got off lightly in england -- this wo n't happen in a barcelona shirt .
... .
manchester city will win nothing .
with the squad they had , and