eight families were evacuated from their homes to escape a major rat infestation after vermin were spotted running through kitchen cupboards .
the plague of rats wreaked havoc by gnawing through water pipes and electrical wires , causing leaks and power cuts at the properties on the whithys in street , somerset .
the five-year infestation was so severe that repairmen at the housing association homes refused to enter , furious tenants claimed as they were moved to temporary houses , .
eight families were evacuated from their homes after a five-year rat infestation , which caused major damage to homes as rats burrowed through walls .
the plague of rats terrorised families by working their way behind walls and setting up home -lrb- inside of rat hole pictured -rrb- , before gnawing through into kitchen cupboards .
eight homes on the whithys -lrb- pictured -rrb- , in street , somerset , were infested with rats for up to five years .
mother of two jodi scanlan , 22 , said the vermin infested every part of her home and could be heard scurrying through the walls .
she saw them at the back of kitchen cupboards and said that she lost hundreds of pounds worth of food to the rodents .
miss scanlan and her neighbour even lost running water to the property after the rats gnawed through her pipes .
she said : ` in the last year and a half it has got to the point where they have been in every nook and cranny of my house .
' i had no water at one point , no working smoke alarms and it got to the stage that my electrics were going out every 20 minutes because they had chewed through the wires .
' i did n't feel safe , my children were terrified and it was dangerous and completely unsanitary .
the rats caused major damage to the homes , including cutting off water and electricity by chewing through pipes and wires .
after a five-year battle , the housing association which owns the homes has agreed to re-home the families affected while they carry out repairs caused by the rodents .
` every day there were just more and more and more rats , you should n't have to get accustomed to seeing rats in your home but i did - and that