an incredibly rare albino dolphin was filmed near the florida coast hunting for its dinner .
the albino bottlenose , thought to be an adolescent , was seen poking its dorsal fin above the water several times in the indian river lagoon , by the east coast of the state .
a few seconds later it exposes more of its body - and briefly crests the surface with its nose - before swimming away with a regular-colored gray bottlenose .
scroll down for video .
rare spot : the video shows the white dolphin , a bottlenose , swimming for fish off the florida coast .
young ` un : experts say the dolphin is a a few years shy of full adulthood .
popping up : here the dolphin 's nose breaks the waters in the indian river lagoon , florida .
chum : the dolphin was spotted with another , ordinary-colored bottlenose .
the sighting , by a volunteer with the fish and wildlife research institute , is only the fifteenth recorded sighting since records began in 1962 .
some researchers believe there are only 20 albino dolphins on the planet .
danielle carter filmed the creature swimming not far from the shore on december 10 , and the footage was uploaded to youtube by the institute just over a week later .
it has reportedly been seen again in the area since .
according to live science , the animal 's behavior implies that it was hunting fish during the filming .
the news site said that the indian river waters are ideal for catching sea trout , pinfish and mullet .
up closer : this dolphin , spotted swimming off the coast of italy in summer 2014 , is another rare example of the albino dolphin , of which there could be as few as 20 worldwide .
double act : this dolphin also swam with a non-albino friend when it was spotted by croatian scientists .
albinism has been observed in more than 20 speices of oceangoing mammals , according to the national oceanic and atmospheric administration -lrb- noaa -rrb- , but appears to be rare in dolphins .
animals with the genetic trait are not believed to be inherently weaker or less capable than regular dolphins , though their color can make them easier targets for predators .
dolphins with especially severe albino traits