by .
mail online reporter .
a woman has been arrested after allegedly leaving her two young children alone in her car while she performed oral sex on her boyfriend .
police claim they swooped on princess marks , 25 , as she pleasured the man in his vehicle in a store parking lot in lake charles , louisiana , following a report of children left unattended in an suv .
officers say marks admitted she had been unable to see the children , aged seven and five , or her suv from her boyfriend 's vehicle .
scroll down for video .
arrest : princess marks , 25 , was charged with child desertion after police officers discovered her performing oral sex on her boyfriend while her two children were left alone in a nearby suv .
the windows of the suv where the children were found had been left down and the engine was not running .
the incident happened shortly after midnight on friday last week .
marks was charged with child desertion and booked into the calcasieu correctional center .
she was later released on a $ 5,000 bond set by judge clayton davis .
the children were placed in the care of family members .
it follows an incident in brea mall in brea , california , when the parents of a three-year-old girl were arrested after allegedly leaving their daughter locked inside their car for 20 minutes in a shopping mall car park as the temperature soared to 104 degrees .
ho kim , 33 , and tae kim , 35 , are accused of leaving their daughter locked inside the vehicle at the while they shopped .
the girl .
was saved after a concerned member of the public called the police after .
spotting her inside the black nissan quest mini van .
when the parents arrived they were arrested at the scene .
they are currently being held at the brea city jail on $ 100,000 bonds .
statistics reveal that 18 children have died so far this year after suffering heatstroke after being left inside hot cars .
arrest : parents ho kim , 33 , and tae kim , 35 , are handcuffed after allegedly leaving their daughter locked inside the vehicle at the brea mall in brea , california , while they shopped .
on friday last week