barcelona ace neymar scored twice as barcelona cruised past ligue 1 giants paris saint-germain at the nou camp .
the brazilian was on hand to embarrass fellow countryman david luiz as the former chelsea defender endured a horrendous evening in spain .
rik sharma sorted the best from the rest during the champions league clash at the nou camp ... barcelona .
marc-andre ter stegen 6.5 : called into action for the first time by zlatan ibrahimovic in the second half and dealt with the swede 's powerful drive well , before fielding an ezequiel lavezzi strike too .
one of the quietest evenings he will have .
dani alves 7.5 : wound back the years to give everyone a reminder of why he was considered the best right-back in the world .
dazzling stepovers then a wicked cross for neymar to bury .
david luiz takes on paris saint-germain ace javier pastore during their match at the nou camp .
gerard pique 5 : had little to do but shanked a couple of clearances horribly , which is out of character for the defender .
was also robbed by ibrahimovic , though it came to nothing .
suffering a minor dip after a few months in which he has been at his very best .
javier mascherano 6 : pique was the player assigned to deal with ibrahimovic and mascherano was left with little else to do , in a quiet evening for barcelona 's defence .
javier mascherano reacts during barcelona 's champions league clash with psg at the nou camp .
jordi alba 6 : did n't bother rampaging forward like you often catch him doing in la liga .
in theory that was to take care of edinson cavani , but the striker was extremely quiet .
sergio busquets 7 : helped to snuff out the threat of zlatan ibrahimovic when the forward dropped into his midfield zone .
started a few barcelona attacks with his usual eye for a quick pass .
ivan rakitic 7.5 : contributed to barcelona 's high pressing , caging psg in their own final third .
physically fit enough to get back and help out in his own defensive quarters too .
in games like these .
barcelona midfielder ivan rakitic holds off opposition midfielder pastore as the catalan side breezed through .
andres iniesta 9 : has not quite