by .
ben spencer for the daily mail .
elderly people may struggle to sleep as well as they did during their youth because they start to lose part of the brain that helps them ` switch off ' , scientists believe .
researchers have identified a group of cells which blocks off conscious thoughts , allowing us to sleep .
they think these inhibitory neurons are gradually eroded as we age , leading to greater sleep problems in later life .
scroll down for video .
falling asleep becomes more difficult with age because we lose the ` switch ' that enables us to nod off .
the .
scientists , from harvard medical school in the us , suggested the same .
process is seen in people with alzheimer 's disease , who are particularly .
prone to disrupted sleep and night-time confusion .
professor .
clifford saper , who led the research published in the journal brain , .
said : ` on average , a person in his 70s has about one hour less sleep per .
night than a person in his 20s .
` the .
loss of these neurons with ageing and with alzheimer 's disease may be .
an important reason why older individuals often face sleep disruptions .
researchers have identified a group of cells in the brain which block off conscious thoughts , allowing us to sleep .
` these results may therefore lead to new methods to diminish sleep problems in the elderly .
' he .
added : ` sleep loss and sleep fragmentation is associated with a number .
of health issues , including cognitive dysfunction , increased blood .
pressure and vascular disease , and a tendency to develop type 2 .
diabetes .
` it now appears that loss of these neurons may be contributing to these various disorders as people age .
' professor .
saper 's team discovered a group of neurons -- the ventrolateral preoptic .
nucleus -- was functioning as a sleep switch in rats .
they then found .
the same process was happening in humans .
the cells turned off the .
brain 's arousal systems to enable the animals to fall asleep .
professor .
saper said : ` our experiments in animals showed that loss of these .
neurons produced profound insomnia , with animals sleeping only