japanese space scientists have unveiled the asteroid hunting space probe they hope to launch later this year on a mission to mine a celestial body .
the probe , named hayabusa-2 , is expected to be flung into space in december on a four year voyage to the asteroid 1999ju3 .
when it gets there , some time in 2018 , it will release a powerful cannon which will fire a metal bullet at the asteroid 's barren crust , once the probe itself has scuttled to safety on the far side of the rock .
scroll down for video .
the probe , named hayabusa-2 -lrb- artist 's impression pictured -rrb- , is expected to be flung into space on a rocket for a four year voyage to the asteroid 1999ju3 .
it will then return to scoop up material uncovered by the cannon blast .
if all goes well , these pristine asteroid samples will be returned to earth by the time tokyo hosts the olympic games in 2020 .
at a weekend press conference , hitoshi kuninaka , project leader at the japan aerospace exploration agency -lrb- jaxa -rrb- said he and his team were readying to redouble their efforts for this ` new voyage ' .
` i 'm grateful as the new asteroid probe is now nearly complete , ' he said , according to jiji press .
the probe is the successor to jaxa 's first asteroid explorer , hayabusa - the japanese term for falcon - which returned to earth in 2010 with dust samples after a trouble-plagued seven-year mission .
the spherical 1999ju3 asteroid , which is around a half a mile -lrb- 1km -rrb- across , contains significantly more organic matter and water than the potato-shaped rock previously studied by the original hayabusa .
once it arrives at the asteroid in 2018 , hayabusa 2 will observe the entire surface of the asteroid using a variety of remote-sensing instruments .
hayabusa means falcon in japanese .
hayabusa 2 is a successor to jaxa 's earlier asteroid explorer hayabusa , which returned the first asteroid samples to earth in june 2010 .
hayabusa 2 is the third mission to land on an asteroid .
nasa 's near-shoemaker mission was the first mission to touchdown on an asteroid.hayabusa 2 is the second asteroid sample-return mission .
analysing this valuable cosmic material could shed