a pregnant base jumper has died in what she had pledged would be her final leap before retiring .
wioletta roslan , of sweden , had said she would give up the high-risk sport after falling pregnant , but decided to make one last jump near stechelberg , switzerland , which ended in tragedy .
the 37-year-old adrenaline junkie was four months pregnant when she died after her parachute failed to open during a base -lrb- buildings , antennas , spans and earth -rrb- jump last weekend .
tragedy : wioletta roslan died aged 37 after her parachute failed to open during a base jump in switzerland .
her boyfriend aleksander domalewski jumped alongside her and could do nothing but watch as she realised her parachute would n't open and spread her arms awaiting the impact of the 990ft drop .
the via ferrata cliff was miss roslan 's favourite spot for base jumping and she had been there many times before with her partner .
she was experienced in extreme sports after taking up skydiving as a 19-year-old in malmo , sweden .
her mother halina zaniewska-pettersson , 68 , said : ` i was always terrified every time i knew that she was doing the sport again and i kept expecting the worst .
` when she said that she was going to do one last jump while pregnant i begged her not to go .
accident : pregnant ms roslan , who had announced that this was going to be her final jump before retiring , died instantly after freefalling 990ft .
` but she always wanted to carry on .
i could n't force not to do it -- she was old enough to make up her own mind about things .
' miss roslan .
had managed to build a successful career as an inspector working on oil .
rigs -- and in her spare time travelled the world as a professional base .
jumper .
' i only feel alive when i jump .
i find normal life boring .
i know that death always flies with me but we only have a certain amount of time on the earth .
when the sun goes down then it 's game over whoever you are ' wioletta roslan .
she said in a recent interview for .
swiss television that base jumping made her feel