by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
13:18 est , 18 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:31 est , 18 november 2013 .
a new jersey mother is trying to come to terms with the death of her two-year-old daughter after accidentally running down the child in a dark driveway on saturday night .
orialis andion was picking up her three children from their grandparents house in vineland , cumberland county , about 8.30 pm when ` she ended up going forward instead of backward ' , hitting her little girl in the process .
jaelise rodriguez , who would have turned three in march , died from the injuries she sustained from the car .
` she did n't see the baby , ' the aunt of jaelise , edissell rodriguez , told press of atlantic city .
in grief : ramon rodriguez holds up a photo of his young granddaughter jaelise rodriguez -lrb- right -rrb- out the front of his house in vineland , where the little girl died on saturday night .
edissell also said it is unclear why jaelise was not in the car , since her mom had come to pick her up , along with two other children , from jaelise 's grandparents ' house .
the house is on a quiet cul-de-sac at the end of the section of venus drive that crosses swelin drive off west oak road .
jaelise 's grandfather , ramon rodriguez , was home when the accident happened but did n't see how it unfolded .
` it 's hard to explain what we feel , ' he said .
` grandpas are an extension -lrb- of the parents -rrb- .
` we love probably more .
' no charges have been filed .
an investigation is ongoing .
` it 's far from over ' : family mourn out front of the vineland , new jersey , house where jaelise rodriguez was killed on saturday .
` forever in our hearts ' : family , friends and neighbors hold a prayer session for jaelise rodriguez , 2 , after leaving flowers , candles , toys and balloons outside the house she died .
family , friends and neighbors have started a vigil outside the house , leaving flowers , balloons , toys and candles to show their condolences .
jaelise is the