by .
ryan kisiel and emily davies .
published : .
18:28 est , 26 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:27 est , 27 august 2013 .
militant hunt saboteurs have vowed to disrupt the start of badger culling by infiltrating animal rights groups planning peaceful protests .
police have increased patrols in the countryside fearing violent clashes between farmers and hardcore opponents when the cull begins , which could be as early as today .
more than 500 protesters are expected , with even some of those planning to demonstrate peacefully saying they are prepared to run from footpaths into the line of fire of the farmers culling the badgers to force them to put down their arms .
protest : the sign yesterday outside an anti-cull camp near watchet in somerset .
but others are veterans of the anti-hunt sabotage campaigns .
the cull is an attempt to tackle bovine tuberculosis which is transmitted by badgers and has led to the death of 305,000 cattle in the uk over the past decade .
farmers say the cull is the only way to protect their livelihood and the government has approved trials in west gloucestershire and west somerset that could see as many as 5,000 badgers killed .
police have said militant campaigners have infiltrated local campsites and have been spotted patrolling farmers ' fields wearing balaclavas at night .
one group , bristol hunt saboteurs , said it would trespass on to sites with large horns to scare the badgers away and remove bait left by farmers .
it comes as a protester was arrested yesterday for allegedly trying to break in to a department for environment , food and rural affairs site in stroud , gloucestershire .
joe mossman , of bristol hunt saboteurs , said ` extensive research ' had been carried out to find out where the badgers ' setts are and where peanut bait had been laid by farmers .
he added : ` the intention is to just turn up in large numbers , making lots of noise , getting in the way and having a massive presence .
we will try to locate the shooters , which will involve trespass if necessary .
controlling disease : 5,000 badgers could be killed in two trials culls .
` spoiling bait is one of the most effective ways you can sabotage