by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
16:29 est , 9 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:16 est , 10 july 2013 .
every marriage proposal should be special , but for jordan seibert the occasion was made all the more memorable because she was on top of san francisco 's iconic golden gate bridge at the time .
the day before the extraordinary proposal , boyfriend joseph gonzales had surprised seibert by inviting her to join him on a private tour of the bridge .
the bay area is notorious for its overcast weather but fortunately by the time the couple had embarked on their climb it had given way brilliant sunshine and created a spectacular backdrop for gonzales to pop the big question .
san francisco resident joseph gonzales asked girlfriend jordan seibert if she would marry him while the two were on top of the city 's iconic golden gate bridge .
` jordan immediately began crying when i got down on one knee , ' gonzales , a graphic designer and registered nurse at a trauma hospital in east oakland , told the huffington post .
' i think she was already distracted with the glorious view of her favorite city - she did n't see the proposal coming !
' fortunately for gonzales the daring and dynamic setting was n't in vain and seibert said yes .
the happy couple have been together five years and are set to tie the knot in october .
for any couples out there who want to attempt something similar be warned , the towers of the bridge are n't open to the public and special state access is required .
fortunately gonzales does muay thai .
kickboxing with a man named dennis tan , who has worked at the bridge .
for many years and was able to escort them to the top .
gonzales said that when he told his bride-to-be about the unexpected private tour he was confident that she would n't be expecting any more surprises and so it proved when he got down on one knee some 746 feet above the san francisco bay area .
' i do ' : the happy couple have been together five years and plan to tie the knot in october .