long-term smokers find the taste of cigarettes they bought in plain-packaged cigarettes to be worse than branded cigarettes .
a study of 51 smokers by the university of newcastle also found that participants can no longer differentiate between brands , saying that since the introduction of plain packaging in australia in 2012 , all cigarettes now tasted the same .
the study 's co-author and phd candidate , ashleigh guillaumier , said because tobacco companies have denied changing the ingredients in their products , the study 's findings highlight the power of branding .
a study involving 51 long-term smokers found that participants found the taste of plain-packaged cigarettes to be worse than branded cigarettes .
` it 's one of the main reasons that the tobacco industry fought so hard against the introduction of plain packets , ' said ms guillaumier .
` they have spent a lot of time building up their branding and know how influential it is on people 's perceptions and experience of the product .
' the researchers investigated the impact of the new one-colour packets dominated by vivid health warnings by conducting group discussions with smokers before and after plain packaging was introduced on december 1 , 2012 .
` they could n't discern a difference between brands now and they thought the quality of the tobacco had deteriorated , ' ms guillaumier said .
it also found that participants can no longer differentiate between brands , saying that all cigarettes now tasted the same .
` that was a consistent talking point that people really agreed on in the groups sessions .
' co-author associate professor billie bonevski said the study supports the introduction of plain packaging legislation and provides ammunition for other countries that want to take up the policy .
conducted by the university of newcastle -lrb- pictured -rrb- , the study correlates with figures released by the australian bureau of statistics which show a significant decrease in tobacco sales since the introduction of plain packaging .
the australian bureau of statistics has released figures which appear to show a significant decrease in tobacco sales since their introduction .
in december of 2012 , figures show that $ 3.508 billion was spent by consumers on tobacco .
in march of this year , the expenditure on tobacco products was $ 3.405 billion .
but the three major australian tobacco companies