john carver has challenged his newcastle players to relieve the pressure on their shoulders by adding another dent to liverpool 's champions league hopes .
the reds have slipped to seven points adrift of fourth-placed manchester city as a result of successive defeats by manchester united and arsenal , although things could have been worse had the champions managed to emerge from monday night 's trip to crystal palace with something to show for their efforts .
brendan rodgers ' men ended their mini-slump on wednesday evening with a 1-0 fa cup quarter-final replay victory at blackburn , and carver knows they will will determined to add three points to that to keep alive their hopes of a top-four finish when the magpies head for anfield on monday evening .
john carver says his players need to relieve the pressure of their shoulders with a win against liverpool .
he said : ` they are only seven points off it , i think , and they 'll think they have still got a chance , seven points off it with seven games to go .
' i remember our football club having a huge gap for -lrb- to win -rrb- the championship and it dwindling away , so anything is possible .
` they 'll think they 've still got a chance of getting into that top four , and i 'll be very surprised if the manager does n't prepare his team thinking like that , so we know we are going to have a difficult game .
brendan rodgers and his side have slipped out of the top four and out of champions league contention .
` but there 's a bit of pressure on ourselves as well .
' that pressure comes specifically because of sunday 's 1-0 derby defeat at sunderland , the magpies ' fifth successive reverse in the fixture , but more generally as a result of a run of 13 games in all competition under their current head coach which has brought just two victories .
newcastle have not added to their points tally of 35 since they beat aston villa on february 28 , some four games ago , and have scored just once in the process .
the newcastle boss looks increasingly unlikely to get the job , with his results failing to impress .
they remain nine points clear of