by .
matt chorley .
and james chapman .
published : .
18:53 est , 15 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:14 est , 16 december 2013 .
labour leader ed miliband was today accused of wanting to ` forcibly rip-up ' the countryside under controversial plans to allow towns and cities to spread .
he used a major speech on housing to vow to take on ` stick-in-the-mud ' rural and suburban councils that are refusing to build new homes .
he condemned the government 's hugely controversial reforms of the planning system to encourage development as ` tinkering ' .
labour leader ed miliband , who today visited chrysalis park housing development in stevenage , argued that cities and towns should be able to expand .
places such as stevenage , oxford , york and luton would be handed a new ` right to grow ' , meaning the objections of surrounding authorities who block the construction of new homes would be overridden .
but the tories hit back at the idea of allowing metropolitan councils - which are often labour-run - to force through house building in rural areas which are more often conservative-controlled .
communities secretary eric pickles said : ` labour 's policy shows this is the same old labour party .
` they would allow labour councils to forcibly rip up green belt protection in neighbouring councils .
while their new tax on planning permission would reduce housebuilding and discourage regeneration schemes .
we know there is more to do to help build homes .
` but this must be done by working with hardworking families in communities across britain , allowing councils to shape where development should and should n't go via local plans , and safeguarding important environmental protections .
' it marks an escalation in the increasingly heated debate over .
planning , and pitches mr miliband into an angry confrontation with shire councils .
and countryside campaigners .
the labour leader condemned ` home-blocking councils ' on the borders of towns and cities and also attack ` land-hoarding developers ' who sit on plots even after they are granted planning permission .
the coalition 's attempts to speed up and encourage development has been condemned by organisations such as the national trust .
but mr miliband , speaking in stevenage , where proposed development beyond its borders