a father who killed his eight-year-old .
daughter after mercilessly torturing her with stun guns and hot irons .
has been sentenced to death in dubai , it emerged today .
wadeema al sherawi had been deprived of food and locked up as punishment for being ` naughty ' on the night she died .
in desperation , she ate her own faeces .
before vomiting and later dying .
her body was found in the desert , but was so badly decomposed , forensic experts could not tell how she had died .
her father hamad saoud al sherawi , .
29 , and his mistress al anood al ameri , 27 , were found guilty of .
torturing and imprisoning wadeema and her seven-year-old sister mira , .
who escaped death but suffered severe burns and injuries .
horrific abuse : wadeema al sherawi and her sister mira were tortured with hot irons and stun guns by their brutal father .
wadeema was forced to eat her own faeces after being locked in a toilet on the night she died .
following a seven-month trial , the dubai court of first instance sentenced to al sherawi to death by firing squad and al ameri to life imprisonment , it was reported by gulf news .
the court heard the emirati couple .
beat the girls with electrical wires and metal bars , poured boiling .
water on them and burned them with hot irons and cigarettes .
wadeema and mira , who was left with a permanent disability , were often left unfed and sometimes ate their own faeces .
police corporal mubarak ahmed taleb , .
34 , told the trial that the studio apartment where the couple lived with .
the two girls was filthy and ` not fit for humans to live in ' .
he told the court it reeked of stale .
urine : ` it smelled really bad and was dirty .
there was only one bed and .
the furniture was turned upside down .
the girls ' clothes stank and there .
was mess everywhere .
` the fridge was full of food which was out of date .
no one could live in it .
' close to death : mira survived the repeated attacks , but suffered horrific injuries as a result of the torture .
recovering :