by .
daily mail reporter .
a 23-year-old arizona woman charged with child molestation after allegedly engaging in a sexual relationship with a 13-year-old boy told the victim 's mother she is pregnant , according to police documents .
anna areola-hernandez is accused of posing as a 15-year-old online to attract teenage boys .
police were alerted to her alleged exploits after receiving a call from the mother of the minor involed , according to az family .
the mother told investigators she was shocked to discover areola-hernandez real age .
anna areola-hernandez , of gelndale , arizone , allegedly told police she likes teenage boys rather than boys her own age .
she is being held without bail as a flight risk .
she also told them areola-hernandez is pregnant and gave her son a sexually transmitted disease .
police have not said whether she is pregnant .
when police took areola-hernandez into custody and questioned her she denied having a relationship with the boy but later admitted they had sex and she told him she was 15 years old .
according to police , areola-hernandez met the boy at desert sky mall in phoenix and later contacted him on facebook .
detectives with the sex crimes unit at the glendale police department learned that areola-hernandez used several social media and texting apps such as facebook , kik , snapchat and tango to contact other juveniles and fear that there may be additional victims .
police said areola-hernandez often poses as a 15-year-old girl and uses the screen names ` tiny hernandez ' or ` ana hernandez ' .
anna areola-hernandez has been charged with sexual conduct with a minor , child molestation , unlawful age misrepresentation , and an adult posing as a minor for a sexual conduct .
police were alerted to her alleged exploits after receiving a call from the mother of the minor involved .
parents are encouraged to check their childrenâ $ ™ s social media accounts for contact with areola-hernandez .
parents who think their child may have had inappropriate contact with areola-hernandez should contact the glendale police department or silent witness at 480-948-6377 .
according to a court document , areola-hernandez showed no remorse when talking to police about the allegations .
police say she admitted to preferring younger boys rather than men her own age but did not explain why .