by .
andrew milne .
published : .
13:29 est , 2 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
21:12 est , 2 november 2012 .
much of the city may be without power , but nothing can stop the apple enthusiasts of new york queuing for the company 's latest gadget .
modest lines of customer looking to secure a new $ 329 mini ipad formed outside the company 's flagship store on fifth avenue .
eytan friedman , 43 , who is living in the area of the downtown manhattan without power , told the wall street journal : ` i 'm down by union square , and there 's no electricity , it 's just very hard to sleep , so i figured i 'd get up early and get my new ipad rather than lie in bed and stare at the ceiling .
' get in line !
new yorkers photographed outside the flagship store on manhattan 's fifth avenue to grab their ipad minis after hurricane sandy .
big apple buyers : modest lines of customer looking to secure a new $ 329 mini ipad formed outside the company 's flagship store on fifth avenue .
but around the world , queues were much smaller than for previous apple launches .
while a few diehard fans queued for hours to be among the first to own the new smaller ipad , queues were tiny compared to previous launches .
in hong kong , reports even claim that staff outnumbered the customers when the store opened .
experts say bad weather , hurricane sandy and increased competition from rivals such as google , amazon and microsoft could be behind to lack of queues .
experts believe the effects of hurricane sandy and the large number of online orders mean the queues were smaller .
a hurricane distraction ?
new yorkers line up down fifth avenue in manhattan to get their hands on the new mini ipad in manhattan .
west coast queues : a line of people waiting to purchase the new apple ipad mini make their way into an apple store in san francisco , california .
apple fans lined up in several asian cities to get their hands on the ipad mini on friday , but the device , priced above rival gadgets from google and amazon.com , attracted smaller crowds than at