a couple from northern new york accused of kidnapping and sexually abusing two young amish sisters in august are now facing 21 additional federal charges involving more victims .
the case against stephen howells and nicole vaisey now involves six victims , u.s. attorney richard hartunian said wednesday .
howells and vaisey , who live in hermon , had previously been charged with crimes against three children , including the amish girls , who were held for a day and released .
` perverted ' : stephen howells , left , and nicole vaisey , right , suspected of kidnapping two amish girls , now have been charged with 21 counts of child abuse involving six victims .
fifty shades of wrong : vaisey 's attorney said the 25-year-old , pictured here after her arrest in august , was controlled by her older boyfriend in a master-slave relationship .
the new 21-count indictment had not been filed as of early wednesday evening , so details were n't available .
but hartunian said howells and vaisey are charged with sexually exploiting three children between september 2013 and august 2014 .
howells is additionally charged with six counts involving four children at other times .
the 39-year-old man also is charged with five more counts of possessing child pornography found on five hard drives , including images and videos of children under the age of 12 .
` our goal is that they will never be near children again , ' hartunian told syracuse.com .
howells and vaisey previously pleaded not guilty .
vaisey 's lawyer , bradford riendeau , declined to comment wednesday because he had not seen the superseding indictment .
he has said vaisey , 25 , was controlled by her older boyfriend in a master-slave relationship , in which she was the submissive one .
howells has three children of his own .
the 7 - and 12-year-old amish girls were abducted from their family farm stand in rural oswegatchie after being lured into the kidnappers ' car with a puppy in the backseat .
father figure : howells has three children of his own .
they were not home at the time of the kidnapping .
the abduction touched off a massive search in the community of about 4,000 people , but authorities were hampered by a lack of photos of the girls .
the amish typically