most fathers are opposed to shared parental leave with many worried about the impact on their careers , research shows .
a law introduced yesterday allows men to share up to 50 weeks of parental leave with their partner if their child is born after march 31 next year .
instead of taking just two weeks of statutory paternity leave , fathers can take almost a year off to care for the baby .
but a study suggests many have no intention of taking up the offer .
scroll down for video .
three out of four british men disagree they should have equal rights to parental leave , file photograph .
research by jobs website glassdoor found that only one in four men surveyed agreed that both parents should take parental leave .
this falls to one in five for over-45s but rises to one in three for men under 25 , showing a generational gap in attitudes .
under the new rules women must take the first two weeks , but men can then take over for the remaining 50 weeks .
they can also take the time off at the same time .
yet glassdoor found just one in ten men wanted to take the maximum amount of leave allowed , while almost half said they would still take two weeks .
a separate report by law firm linklaters found almost two-thirds of men and women were concerned that taking shared leave could damage their career prospects .
half of men said they would be deterred from taking shared parental leave if male colleagues did not take it .
deputy prime minister nick clegg , pictured , announced plans for shared parental leave in january 2011 .
jeremy davies , of think tank the fatherhood institute , claimed that men 's reluctance to take parental leave was mostly financial and not because they did not want to care for their child .
he said : ` pay is the main factor .
we know that for men to take advantage of these sort of things they need to be able to afford to do so .
` is status anxiety an issue ?
yes .
you 've got to feel confident that if you do this it 's not going to mess your career up .
' couples who take shared parental leave could also be offered