the seven network 's siege special , to be aired on sunday night , will show the harrowing moment where gunman man monis raises his gun to shoot lindt cafe manager tori johnson in the head .
it 's believed the vision does not , however , show the fatal discharge but daily mail australia has been told that ` you hear the shot ' .
seven will show ` inside the siege : the untold story ' in the normal 6pm news slot on sunday and it is expected to run at least 90 minutes .
that means it will clash , at some point , with the nine network 's 60 minutes siege special , which is scheduled to start at 7pm .
the daily mail has learned that in the next sequence , monis can be clearly seen fumbling with his gun , after shooting mr johnson , trying to reload as police then storm the building .
scroll down for video .
gunman man haron monis is seen during the seven siege special taking two human shields to check a noise from the back of the building , as five hostages ran free in the early hours of december 16 .
the footage then shows him returning , to execute tori johnson .
seven producers have been working with vision shot from three different cameras inside their newsroom for the special on sunday night hosted by melissa doyle and mark ferguson .
police snipers took over the seven newsroom after it was evacuated and the program on sunday night will give viewers their perspective over the course of the near 17 hour stand-off .
the seven special will show the chilling moment gunman man monis raises his weapon to shoot tori johnson .
seven had three cameras locked on the lindt cafe , providing producers more than 50 hours of vision sift through for sunday night 's special .
manager tori johnson is pictured at the opening of the lindt cafe in martin place .
in the vision to be seen for the first time on sunday , monis is clearly seen walking with two human shields to investigate noises at the back of the building .
that is the moment when five hostages run free and he forces the manager to kneel , then takes aim .
an industry insider told dma that ` they