edward lord , the fa 's inclusion advisory board member axed for speaking out about a lack of action over discriminatory issues , has seriously upset fa bosses again .
the fa claim lord is attending matches and attempting to gain access to vip hospitality areas to meet people on the basis of still being on the inclusion panel -- behaviour fa general secretary alex horne has described as ` abhorrent ' .
but lord counters that he has still been invited to clubs despite no longer being on the iab and only met problems at blackburn rovers .
he has also been to games at manchester city , aston villa , sheffield wednesday , bury and accrington stanley .
alex horne -lrb- left -rrb- has written a letter to edward lord over his conduct after leaving fa post .
horne said in a letter to lord : ` even as a serving iab member , i would find this strange when there is no rationale for such activity .
` as an ex-member of the iab , i find this behaviour truly abhorrent and i would ask you to cease and desist with immediate effect .
' lord wrote back : ` when i was a member of iab it was agreed that i would continue to visit clubs at my own expense to liaise with senior figures on inclusion matters .
` no club withdrew their invitation after my office told them of my change of circumstances .
it only became an issue at blackburn .
' gareth bale -lrb- right -rrb- will miss the spoty as he 's away on fifa club world cup duty with real madrid .
the welsh vote that propelled british lions star leigh halfpenny to second place in last year 's sports personality of the year vote could put champions league winner gareth bale on the spoty podium in glasgow along with rory mcilroy and lewis hamilton .
but bale wo n't be there on the night as he will be on fifa club world cup duty with real madrid in morocco .
sajid javid , who has shown minimal interest in sport since becoming secretary of state for culture , media and sport , has nevertheless added his signature to a letter to fifa president sepp blatter calling for the michael garcia report into world cup bid corruption to be published