the daily mail reported that princess beatrice will not be boarding the virgin galactic spacecraft .
at least 24 of the wealthy investors who signed up to be among the first space tourists with richard branson 's virgin galactic programme have given up their tickets .
the 800 passengers have stuck with branson 's venture for 10 years despite numerous set-backs and hiccups .
but the crash of spaceshiptwo in california 's mojave desert last friday that killed one pilot and left another in hospital finally prompted three per cent of the ` future astronauts ' to pull out .
peter ulrich von may , an asset manager based in switzerland , told the independent he no longer wishes to travel into space with virgin galactic and he has demanded his money back .
he said : ' i want out .
i subscribed seven years ago at 63 , am still an active private pilot and in good health but who knows how long it will now take .
i have already informed vg of my wish - no reply yet .
' the daily mail reported two days ago that one of the program 's highest-profile customers , princess beatrice , will not be boarding the virgin galactic spacecraft after the disaster last week .
` beatrice was excited by the idea of space tourism , but there is no way she will be going on one of the flights , if they are ever allowed to take place , ' a source close to buckingham palace revealed .
tonight , the telegraph understood 24 have officially filed for a refund .
galactic chief executive george whitesides told the telegraph the news was ` unsurprising ' but his resolve remains ` unshaken ' .
he told the paper : ' a few people have asked for a refund .
i do n't think that 's surprising and i think what is relevant is that the vast majority have said `` do n't give up , keep going , we 're with you '' .
' an anonymous source told the independent that a group of more than 30 people had been talking about asking for a refund , a move that could cost branson millions .
` before this tragic event happened i had been thinking of pulling my money anyhow because there had been various reports saying