by .
margot peppers .
published : .
09:22 est , 9 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:04 est , 9 october 2013 .
beauty school may sound like something from grease , but sephora has made it a reality for us non-professionals with their new university beauty classes .
on sunday , femail went bare-faced to a flawless foundation class at sephora soho in new york city to determine whether the average woman really needs to master the skills usually left to make-up artists .
during the lesson , a team of beauty experts taught us invaluable skills for applying eye cream , concealer and foundation - and unlike your average beauty school , the whole course took just two hours .
beauty school : on sunday , femail went bare-faced to a flawless foundation class at sephora soho , where a team of beauty experts instructed us on the correct way to make-up .
the class - which had the .
added morning perk of free coffee and breakfast - is one of many that .
are being offered on sundays at sephora locations around the country - and it 's free .
if you sign up on the website as a ` beauty insider ' .
after pouring myself a coffee and grabbing a cereal bar , i took my seat at one of the four tables , which were set with clipboards , pens and various cosmetics tools .
the beauty experts introduced themselves , asked us our biggest concerns when it comes to applying foundation and told us how the class would be structured .
next , we were ushered to the cleansing station , where we wiped off any excess make-up or bacteria before picking out a foundation .
to determine which foundation suits .
your skin , sephora uses a technology developed by pantone called color .
iq , a kind of camera that identifies exactly what skin tone you are .
once you have your ` iq ' number , the machine tells you every product in the entire store that matches up with your skin .
suits your skin : beauty experts helped me pick out the best moisturizer , eye cream -lrb- both from origins -rrb- and foundation -lrb- touche eclat by yves saint laurent -rrb- for my complexion .
instruments : we had a choice of