by .
leon watson .
a british investigator and his american wife who were hired by uk drugs giant glaxosmithkline are to face trial in china charged with illegally obtaining and selling private information .
prosecutors in shanghai have filed charges against peter humphrey , 58 , and yingzeng yu , 61 , the official xinhua news agency said .
the couple 's arrest last year coincided with a chinese probe into allegations that glaxo staff had funnelled hundreds of millions of pounds through travel agencies to bribe doctors and health officials to boost sales and raise prices .
charged : peter humphrey , 58 , was paraded on chinese state tv with his wife yingzeng yu , 61 .
they are accused of illegally obtaining and selling private information .
mr humphrey and his wife are accused of obtaining information on chinese citizens by illegally buying it from others , as well as with hidden cameras , or by following people .
their trial , reportedly due to take place next month , will be behind closed doors but the foreign office said it was pressing china to allow uk embassy staff to attend .
the latest development in the saga saw mr humphrey and his wife appear wearing orange vests on state broadcaster cctv .
they are accused of obtaining information on chinese citizens by illegally buying it from others , as well as with hidden cameras , or by following people .
it is said that the couple , who ran the shanghai-based corporate intelligence and consulting firm chinawhys , compiled information for reports to clients that were mainly multinational companies such as glaxo .
mr humphery 's american wife yingzeng yu , 61 , was also shown on state tv while in custody .
senior glaxo executive mark reilly , pictured here with one of his daughters , has been accused by chinese authorities in relation to bribery claims in a separate investigation .
peter humphrey and yingzeng yu were hired by uk drugs giant glaxosmithkline , which is at the centre of corruption allegations in china .
in media reports from china today , mr humphrey said he had been contacted in april last year by glaxo 's china manager mark reilly who wanted him to find out who had leaked bribery allegations to chinese authorities and senior glaxo executives .
it has also been