by .
francesca infante .
published : .
13:32 est , 28 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:48 est , 28 october 2013 .
wreckless : ben thomas was more than twice over the alcohol limit and had taken cocaine before he got behind the wheel last october .
a driver who killed his three friends in a horrific car crash while he was high on drink and drugs has been jailed for nine years .
ben thomas , 26 , was the only survivor in the smash after he lost control and careered into a tree while travelling at 73mph .
he was double the legal alcohol limit when his mg zr flew off the bristol road in birmingham in the early hours of october 21 last year .
his friend james macdonald and cousin james wassell , both 24 , suffered serious injuries and died instantly at the scene .
a third passenger , thomas ' other cousin david wassell , 26 , was taken to hospital with critical injuries but died in the early hours the following morning .
thomas , of selly oak , birmingham , pleaded guilty to three counts of death by dangerous driving , three counts of death by no insurance and one count of excess alcohol at an earlier hearing .
today he was jailed him for nine years by judge william davis qc at birmingham crown court .
he was also banned from driving for 10 years .
the court heard he had traces of cocaine in his system after the smash - which happened on a wet road in thick fog .
collision investigators concluded that the ` slowing speed ' of thomas ' car was 73mph at the time it hit the tree .
thomas was jailed him for nine years by judge william davis qc at birmingham crown court today , he had earlier pleaded guilty to three counts of death by dangerous driving .
speaking after the case , pc damian gibson , from west midlands police , said : ` this case highlights the deadly combination of drink , drugs , excess speed and hazardous driving conditions .
` the crash happened on a damp road in thick fog and as well as being twice the alcohol limit , traces of cocaine were found in thomas ' system .
` he had complete