by .
james tozer , jason groves , sam webb and tara brady .
published : .
02:19 est , 6 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:52 est , 6 may 2013 .
commons deputy speaker nigel evans should not step down over allegations of rape and sexual assault , former chief whip andrew mitchell has said .
mr mitchell , who quit the cabinet last year amid claims he called police officers ` plebs ' - said it would set a ` terrible ' precedent .
tory mp mr evans was arrested at his home and questioned by police on saturday but insists the claims by two young men are ` completely false ' .
` completely false ' : nigel evans today having lunch at his local pun in pendleton where he received cards from well-wishers including a margaret thatcher card which read ` the lady 's not for turning ' he made clear through his solicitor that he intended to carry on as deputy speaker while police continue their investigation .
but speaker john bercow has agreed he .
be excused from duties chairing the week-long debate on the queen 's .
speech , which begins on wednesday .
defence secretary philip hammond .
questioned yesterday whether mr evans could continue as deputy speaker .
while he was under investigation .
' i stick rigidly to the view that we .
should treat people as innocent until they are proven guilty but it is .
quite difficult to carry out a sensitive and high profile role while .
being under this kind of scrutiny , ' he told the bbc .
but mr mitchell told bbc radio 4 's .
today : ` if he were to resign now we would be in a terrible position .
where every public office holder would be open to blackmail and false .
stories in the media , triggering their resignation .
' stepped down : andrew mitchell quit the cabinet last year amid claims he called police officers ` plebs ' ` anyone who is caught up in the sort .
of intensive media storm which nigel has faced , and which i and my .
family faced , obviously is in a very difficult position to carry out .
their job .
` but in this particular circumstance i .
am in no doubt that