if he wanted to experience that winning feeling at world cup 2014 , then prince harry certainly chose a good match to attend last night - by watching host nation brazil trounce cameroon .
the prince , who is starting a week-long tour of south america , was pictured getting to his feet and celebrating the goals as he sat among dignitaries to watch brazil beat the african side 4-1 in brasilia .
he will also be attending england 's game against costa rica in belo horizonte today - but the match is a dead rubber , with the three lions knocked out and their opponents already in the next round .
scroll down for video .
hooray !
prince harry -lrb- centre -rrb- and brazil minister of sport aldo rebelo -lrb- right -rrb- celebrate neymar 's first goal for brazil during the world cup match against cameroon in brasilia .
goal : the prince watched from the vip area of the stadium during the cameroon v brazil game in group a .
sports fan : harry watches the world cup 2014 match -lrb- left -rrb- , while a woman in the stands takes a photo -lrb- right -rrb- .
clapping : harry applauds as teams take to the pitch for the cameroon v brazil match at the estadio nacional .
gesturing : prince harry was earlier seen in the vip lounge prior to the football match .
laughing : prince harry talks to a guest in the vip lounge prior to the world cup 2014 group a match .
england lost 2-1 to both italy and .
uruguay in their first two group matches , and today 's contest will be .
their last game at the tournament .
earlier , .
the prince met a little boy at a hospital in the brazilian capital , .
while at the rede sarah hospital which treats patients with brain .
injuries and other neurological problems .
despite .
looking a little bleary-eyed following a 15-hour flight from london , .
harry was on typically chatty form as he met patients .
the .
brasilia branch of the sarah network of rehabilitation hospitals , of .
which there are 10 in brazil , the medical centre specialises in rehabilitating .
the victims of serious brain injuries .
during the tour , .
the prince stopped to watch a group battling it