by .
tim finan .
and andy dolan .
adrian harvey , 43 , it director of common nonsense , took pictures of .
children holidaying at a french naturist resort using a mini spy camera .
hidden in a car key fob .
a british company director took pictures of children holidaying at a french naturist resort , using a mini spy camera hidden in a car key fob .
adrian harvey , 43 , sneaked up on the children and teenagers after driving alone to the beachside complex , dubbed naked city , a french court heard yesterday .
the married father-of-four had bought the gadget days before he arrived at the village naturiste , a self-contained resort which attracts up to 40,000 visitors each day , at cap d'agde on the mediterranean coast .
he was spotted pointing the key fob at groups of youngsters on the resort 's beach , where nudism is obligatory .
gendarmes were summoned and discovered the fob housed a hidden camera which contained images of naked or nearly nude children , aged from six to 18 .
harvey told the court , in the medieval town of beziers , that he travelled to the resort after taking a few days off from the it business he runs with wife kate from their bungalow in inkberrow , worcestershire , because the pair were going through marital difficulties .
he checked into a hotel near cap d'agde and said he had chosen the nudist beach because of its beauty .
asked why he had not visited beaches in britain , harvey replied that they were too cold .
the presiding judge suggested harvey may have been attracted to naked city because of its reputation for voyeurism and exhibitionism .
cameras and the taking of recorded images are banned , but the court heard there have been numerous cases of paedophiles caught filming youngsters naked at the site .
during the past ten years there have been clashes between people describing themselves as pure naturists and voyeurs and exhibitionists who engage in sex acts on the beach .
nightclubs at cap d'agde regularly feature group sex parties .
harvey claimed he only took the images out of ` curiosity ' and told the court he planned to delete them , adding that he was ashamed of his behaviour .
the married father-of-four bought the