crash investigators have released a photo that reveals the aftermath of a plane 's dramatic landing at east midlands airport .
a set of wheels broke off the boeing 737 moments after it touched down at the airport , near derby , causing the cargo plane to skid along the runway for 380ft before coming to a stop .
it happened as the plane delivered 10 tonnes of freight , including dangerous goods , on an air contractors flight that originated in athens and included a stopover at charles de gaulle airport in paris .
the cargo planes left main landing gear detached due to heat damage to chrome plating , a report said .
the plane 's 38-year-old captain and co-pilot escaped injury , and there were no passengers on board when the left main landing gear detached .
the plane , manufactured in 1990 , suffered significant damage to its left wing and engine as it slid along the runway in darkness on the morning of april 29 , 2014 , according to an air accidents investigation branch report .
as the plane landed its speed was reduced and the co-pilot handed control to the captain , who pressed on the brakes twice to disengage the autobrake system .
the touchdown was ` unremarkable ' and the autobrake functioned normally , according to the report , but the left main landing gear came off when an inner cylinder , just above the axle , fractured as a result of heat damage to chrome plating .
the report stated : ` the aircraft shuddered and rolled slightly left-wing-low as the lower part of the main landing gear detached .
' it said that the source of the heat could not be determined .
the report cited concerns about communications between air traffic control and other agencies .
as the plane came to a stop its flight crew feared that it would burst into flames , with the co-pilot and the pilot of a different plane reporting smoke to air traffic control .
the report stated : ` the co-pilot saw some smoke drift past the aircraft as it came to a halt .
the commander ... had reached the conclusion that one of the main landing gear legs had failed , but as a result of the other pilot 's transmission , he was also concerned that the aircraft