by .
anna edwards .
published : .
06:39 est , 31 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:41 est , 31 may 2013 .
a thug who tried to kill a shop-owner by fire-bombing his takeaway has been jailed nine years in prison for attempted murder .
archibald mckay , 46 , from possil , glasgow , was convicted of attempting to murder 34-year-old rashid ali at the spicy bite in saracen street , glasgow , on august 27 , last year .
the terrifying attack came after he had already previously been jailed for threatening to burn the shop down and had waged a campaign of fear against the businessman .
archibald mckay was standing outside the shop with a bottle in his hand and there were flames coming from the bottle .
mckay appeared in court on a charge of assault to injury , danger of life and attempted murder with ` an ignited bottle containing fuel ' the high court in glasgow heard that mckay was standing outside the shop with a bottle in his hand and there were flames coming from the bottle .
brave mr ali managed to prevent the bottle of burning fuel from being thrown inside the shop where he worked during the incident .
the heroic worker tackled his attacker and as they wrestled to the ground the bottle fell .
it then exploded into a fireball which engulfed mckay , mr ali 's car and a nearby telephone box .
a fire expert said that if mckay had .
succeeded in firebombing the shop the consequences could have been .
` catastrophic ' as there was only one way in and out of the shop .
the ambush was captured on cctv cameras and during the trial the jury was played the horrific footage .
prior to the murder bid mckay was jailed for threatening to burn down mr ali 's takeaway .
mckay appeared in court on a charge of assault to injury , danger of life and attempted murder with ` an ignited bottle containing fuel ' .
he claimed that it was n't him in the cctv clip and denied having anything to do with the murder bid .
jailing mckay lady scott told him : ` you took part in a campaign of violence against mr ali .
` on occasions you took food