this horrifying clip shows a child unflinchingly receive 60 lashes to his back for simply referring to islamic state by a term they hate : ` daesh ' .
as dozens gather around the town square to watch with emotionless expressions , the boy kneels on the ground - purportedly in anbar , iraq - as he accepts his penalty .
his punisher relentlessly whips the boy in the short clip , who appears to be crying and pleading for mercy .
scroll down for video .
barbaric : the 23-second clip shows a young boy being lashed for using the term ` daesh ' in reference to isis .
the child 's crime was to refer to the terror group as ` daesh ' - a loose acronym for the islamic state of iraq and syria -lrb- al-dawla al-islamiya al-iraq al-sham -rrb- .
the term is used by enemies of isis and has negative undertones , as it sounds similar to arabic words which mean ` one who crushes something underfoot ' and ` one who sows discord ' .
the video of the barbaric punishment was posted to facebook on tuesday and has been viewed thousands of times .
cruel : the video , purportedly in iraq , shows a large crowd in the town square watch as the boy is punished .
isis have released a series of shocking pictures and videos in recent months showing the brutal punishments handed out to those who break the rules .
behaviour such as women not covering their heads , men shaving , and music playing are all cause for punishment under strict sharia law .
and those who commit more serious crimes have been executed in public .
so-called adulterous women have been stoned to death , men who have allegedly engaged in homosexual acts have been thrown from the tops of buildings and bandits have been crucified in the streets .
earlier this week , islamic state militants in syria publicly beheaded a man for allegedly practicing witchcraft .
the unknown man was photographed being killed by a masked executioner in a village just outside isis ' stronghold and de facto capital raqqa while a large crowd looked on .
precise details of the victim 's so-called crime are not known , but he was charged with witchcraft and ` invoking magic ' .
over the past two