by .
james chapman and tim shipman .
published : .
18:35 est , 6 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
04:40 est , 7 november 2012 .
investigation : home secretary theresa may has announced a new investigation into child abuse in north wales in the 70s and 80s .
a single wide-ranging judicial inquiry into ` absolutely horrific ' evidence of systematic child abuse by figures of authority over several decades looked increasingly likely last night .
there were growing cross-party calls for an over-arching investigation as the number of separate probes into allegations of paedophilia at the bbc , care homes and in whitehall reached double figures .
home secretary theresa may told mps that the national crime agency -lrb- nca -rrb- is to mount an investigation into alleged abuse in north wales in the 1970s and 1980s amid claims that a senior tory of the day was among the perpetrators .
but she suggested that a single , wider probe was being considered by the government once initial police inquiries are concluded .
` i think what is absolutely horrific , frankly , is the extent to which this child abuse has been taking place over the years and across our communities over the years , ' the home secretary said .
david cameron , speaking on a trip to the middle east , also opened the door to a broader judicial inquiry into the tide of historic child sex abuse allegations which began with revelations about jimmy savile 's paedophile activities at the bbc .
` let 's find out as quickly as possible whether we have a problem here .
if we have a problem here then we have to take further steps , ' the prime minister said .
` i do n't rule out further inquiries , further investigations , further ways of learning lessons because clearly we 've discovered some appalling things in recent days , particularly on the jimmy savile front .
' on top of the savile scandal -- which has dragged in the nhs and the police -- there are increasingly wild allegations of an establishment paedophile ring involving members of the thatcher government .
nca director general keith bristow will review the original police handling of complaints of a paedophile ring abusing children in care homes in north wales , and examine the latest claims