by .
victoria woollaston .
published : .
11:05 est , 27 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:38 est , 16 december 2013 .
virtual currency bitcoin has passed the $ 1,000 -lrb- # 613 -rrb- mark for the first time since it was introduced in 2009 .
according to the currency 's main exchange , mt.gox , the price for a single bitcoin has almost quadrupled since its previous record high of $ 267 -lrb- # 165 -rrb- less than three weeks ago .
analysts claim the demand for bitcoin .
follows increased awareness about benefits of the currency and a drive .
to move it into the mainstream .
scroll down for video ... virtual currency bitcoin has passed the $ 1,000 -lrb- # 613 -rrb- mark for the first time since it was introduced in 2009 .
according to the currency 's main exchange , mt.gox , the price for a single bitcoin has more than tripled since its previous record high of $ 267 -lrb- # 165 -rrb- less than three weeks ago .
at the start of the month the currency more than doubled its value within a week - jumping from $ 100 to $ 266 .
it then hit $ 267 on 6 november .
the digital currency is increasingly being treated like gold , with some investors using it to hedge against currency fluctuations and speculating on its rise .
bitcoins can be bought with near anonymity , which supporters say lowers fraud risk and increases privacy .
the current rises follow the launch of the world 's first bitcoin atm , dubbed robocoin , in a vancouver coffee shop .
the blue and silver atm machine , which is operated by vancouver-based bitcoiniacs and nevada-based robocoin , changes bitcoins to canadian dollars and vice versa .
users scan their hand to confirm identity , and then funds move to or from a virtual wallet on their smartphone .
the atm , named robocoin , allows users to buy or sell the digital currency known as bitcoins .
once only used for black market sales on the internet , bitcoins are starting to be accepted at a growing number of businesses .
bitcoin is a distributed peer-to-peer .
digital currency that functions without any central authority , such as .
the bank of england .
the currency was launched