you spend half an hour putting on your make-up only to sweat it off , do your squats wrong so he 'll come adjust your pose and you 've spent a fortune on tight new gym gear .
oh dear , fancy your personal trainer ?
we 've all been there .
including madonna .
and rumour has it , kym marsh has now got the hots for hers .
but as one of britain 's top pts reveals , as long as you 're training together , it 's best to keep things in the gym and out of the bedroom ... you ca n't deny andy 's a tasty dish , but diane had to hold off until their gym sessions ended .
by andy mcglynn , director of lifestyle fitness personal training , lsfpt.co.uk and the uk 's leading trainer of personal trainers .
` during my many years in the business unfortunately i can recount many a tale of personal trainers becoming romantically involved with their clients , and an unsurprisingly 99 per cent of the time it does not end in a loving , lasting relationship .
` if you do become attracted to your client , and vice versa , the only way to pursue it is to terminate the professional contract as soon as you realise you have developed feelings for the other person .
' i first met my now partner , diane -lrb- jet from gladiators -rrb- when i became her pt .
` it was only later , once we had finished training together that we pursued a personal relationship .
i have no doubt that if we had continued our personal trainer and client relationship whilst embarking on something romantic , it would have failed on both counts .
he has twelve years of personal training management experience behind him .
` it 's such a cliché and any .
career-minded pt would never cross that line at work so it 's really .
frustrating to see the latest headlines about personal trainer matt .
baker allegedly ` finding romance ' with his client , coronation street 's .
kym marsh .
once again the actions of a minority threaten to undermine .
the credibility of our industry .
' i have been in the personal trainer management business for 12 years and have trained over 1,000 individuals .