smog swallows up the london skyline .
the european court of justice has said the government must urgently do something to halt britain 's terrible air pollution .
ministers must urgently tackle britain 's abysmal air pollution , the european court of justice ruled yesterday .
the uk has repeatedly failed to meet clean air targets , leaving most of our cities clogged with pollution that is estimated to kill 29,000 people a year .
the european court yesterday found that the uk was in breach of eu law and should have created plans to tackle air pollution in 16 cities by january 2015 at the latest .
under existing plans , the worst areas - including london , birmingham and leeds - would not meet the pollution limits until 2030 , campaigners say .
britain breached eu targets in 2010 for levels of nitrogen dioxide , a gas particle from car engines and factories which causes breathing and heart problems .
it is still nowhere near adequate levels , and has repeatedly asked to be granted extensions to the eu deadline .
the european court , which is based in luxembourg , ruled that the uk 's supreme court now has jurisdiction over the matter and must order the government to take action to meet the legal limits in a much shorter time frame .
the government is also facing a separate # 300million fine for failing to meet the eu 's air quality directive on pollution .
some 16 areas including greater london , greater manchester , glasgow , sheffield and the west midlands are currently in breach of the targets .
the problem was dramatically illustrated in april when a thick smog enveloped the country , forcing people to stop exercising and schools to keep their children inside .
environmental lawyers clientearth , who brought the case against defra , the government 's environment department , said the ruling is likely to mean rolling out london 's planned ` ultralow emissions zone ' to cities across the country .
the plan , drawn up by boris johnson , will mean charging diesel car owners # 10 to enter the city centre and scrapping old taxis .
clientearth lawyer alan andrews said : ` thousands of people die because of air pollution every year .
this ruling will save lives by forcing the government to finally take this