two washington , d.c. reporters were able to drive through the outer security gates of a maryland nuclear power plant without being challenged , according to a report published tuesday .
the calvert cliffs nuclear power plant in lusby , md. , had an unattended and padlocked guard gate when journalists drove through -- on two separate occasions .
they easily accessed a parking lot within 550 feet of a working nuclear reactor without prompting any kind of contact with uniformed security .
` no one stopped or even seemed to notice them , ' the daily caller reported .
terrorist jackpot : reporters with the online news website the daily caller were able to drive onto the premises of a maryland nuclear power plant and approach a working reactor without any challenge .
drive-thru : the calvert cliffs nuclear power plant , just 50 miles from washington , dc , has an open front gate .
nuclear plants , including those on bodies of water , like the calvert cliffs facility , provide a tantalizing target for terror groups bent on causing mass-casualty events in the united states .
but a previous visitor to the site told the caller that the nuclear facility ` is the softest target i have ever seen in my life .
' with a camera rolling , the journalists approached the front gate expecting to be challenged .
but the guardhouse was padlocked shut and there was no security to be found anywhere .
on their second visit , they saw a lone security vehicle driving around the premises but it drove right past them without any sort of inspection .
and a large civilian delivery truck , more than amply sized to serve as a giant bomb , also rolled through the gates without anyone stopping it .
the nuclear regulatory commission oversees the safety and security of nuclear power plants via commissioners appointed by the president of the united states .
diane screnci , a spokesperson for the agency , told the daily caller that ` based on the security inspections we 've conducted on an on-going basis , security at calvert cliffs is appropriate to protect the public health and safety .
' it 's unclear how often those checks are performed , or if the nrc plans to ramp up its efforts following the embarrassing public report .
but it