` profoundly disturbed ' : angela merkel 's response to a survey showing over half of germans want out of the euro .
angela merkel was last night said to be ` profoundly disturbed ' after a poll showed that a majority of germans want to ditch the struggling euro .
sources in berlin said the german chancellor was shocked by the evidence of growing euroscepticism in her country , at a time when germany is under huge pressure to bankroll a rescue of the single currency .
the poll in a german newspaper found that 51 per cent of germans think the country should return to the deutschmark .
it is the first poll to show that more want to leave the euro than stay in it .
only 29 per cent thought germany would be better off staying inside the 17-strong eurozone .
the survey also found that 71 per cent of germans now believe greece should be booted out of the single currency unless it acts on promises to tackle its huge debts .
mrs merkel 's spokesman said she was ` profoundly disturbed ' by the poll results .
jean-claude juncker , the president of the eurogroup organisation of eurozone finance ministers , last night risked further inflaming opinion in germany by suggesting berlin was treating the eurozone ` as its subsidiary ' and taking decisions solely in its own national interest .
` why is it like this ?
' he asked .
mr juncker , who is luxembourg 's prime minister , said there was ` no more time to lose ' in saving the single currency -- prompting fresh speculation that the european central bank is poised to ease the pressure on spain and italy by intervening in the markets to cut their borrowing costs .
european commission president jose manuel barroso , right , and president of the euro group and luxembourg 's prime minister jean-claude juncker : mr juncker has criticised german politicians .
tony blair yesterday joined the .
voices urging germany to act decisively to end the two-year euro crisis , .
which is blamed for prolonging the recession in britain .
` no room for further concessions ' : german finance minister wolfgang schaeuble says greece 's reforms must be carried out to the letter .
he said germany now had to accept some .
form of `