harry kane savoured a ` great night ' under the white hart lane floodlights as his hat-trick helped tottenham to a 5-1 europa league victory over asteras tripoli .
the england under-21 striker not only scored his first treble for spurs but ended the group c clash in goal after hugo lloris ' late sending-off .
he was left red-faced however , after making a complete hash of dealing with jeronimo barrales ' free-kick , letting the effort go under his body as the greeks grabbed a late consolation .
harry kane ended the night in goal and let jeronimo barrales ' rather tame free-kick slip out of his grasp .
the england youngster wo n't want to re-live his gaffe which saw the visitors claim a sloppy consolation .
kane finished the match in goal after hugo lloris -lrb- pictured -rrb- was sent off in the closing stages on thursday .
` it was a great night until i went in goal , ' he told itv4 .
` in fairness i think i 'll leave that to the keepers from now on .
` it was a great result for us , a great win , and obviously i 'm happy to get the hat-trick .
' reflecting on his three goals , kane added : ` the first was a sweet strike .
when it left the foot i knew it had a chance and fortunately it came off the post and went in which is always nice .
' i thought it was good to get the second and third as well , extra goals when the team is dead on their feet and when we want to start killing off teams and getting the five goals was great .
' kane celebrates after completing his first hat-trick for tottenham in a convincing white hart lane victory .
the england under 21 star scores his second and tottenham 's fourth of the night in a convincing display .
erik lamela , who scored a double for the hosts , including his incredible ` rabona ' congratulates kane .
erik lamela threatened to steal the limelight from kane with two awe-inspiring strikes of his own .
the argentina forward brought the 21,428 spectators to their feet on the half-hour mark by wrapping his left foot around his right leg to score with a ` rabona ' strike