star loves a good caribbean chicken curry .
is spontaneous with her hair styles .
has a masseuse on hand to help relax her before and after shows .
by .
bianca london .
published : .
12:51 est , 10 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
13:18 est , 10 december 2012 .
she is the hardest working and hardest .
partying woman in pop music and to promote her new album , unapologetic , rihanna set off on an ambitious globetrotting tour that hit seven countries in seven days .
but with so many late nights of performing and partying , how did the pop princess maintain her dazzling appearance night after night ?
fashion magazine instyle joined rihanna on board the party jet for every destination and have shared an exclusive video documenting how the team behind her look make-up and keep up with the pop .
sensation .
scroll down for video .
behind the scenes : instyle have unveiled behind-the-scenes footage of rihanna 's 777 tour with her fashion and beauty sidekicks .
speaking to instyle about her evolving .
hairstyles her hair stylist yussef said : ' i was sent to her by god , .
haha , no it was through mutual management trying to put us two together , .
finally one day i had chance to work with her at paris fashion week a .
few years ago and it was a good marriage .
' the 24-year-old has been through a series of dramatic hair styles from long beachy blonde locks to sharp pixie dos .
speaking about her favourite hair style he said : ` this year , i love the looks that we did from we found love .
` it was very relaxed , natural , undone , and at that time it was a moment for the album .
` she is spontaneous and i am but we never really fight over how we should do it .
i 'm usually bringing something to the table and she 's like `` alright '' or she will come to me and say `` i want to do this .
'' ' spontaneous : her hairdresser describes her hair style evolution as spontaneous .
describing the evolution of her hair style and her new cropped jet black look he said : ` because we went from