by .
paul donnelley for mailonline .
a gang who ram-raided a jewellery store to steal cash and jewels worth # 100,000 have been jailed for more than 30 years .
michael faux , 28 , paul frater , 28 , lee sowe , 30 , and jamie upton , 31 , used a land rover to ram the back wall of a jewellery store in ashton-under-lyne , greater manchester , so it collapsed .
manchester minshull street crown court heard the gang stole vehicles fitted them with false number plates to use in the robbery a few days before the incident on october 4 last year .
the land rover used by the ram-raiding gang who have been jailed for 30 years .
scene of the crime : the gang used a lanr roer to smash down the back wall of a jewellery store in ashton-under-lyne , greater manchester before making off with # 100,000 .
a vw golf was taken from a house on manchester road in heywood , a land rover from a house in breightmet , bolton , and an audi a4 from wigan .
the land rover was then used to repeatedly ram into the back of rekha jewellers on penny meadow in ashton town centre as the family who run it were closing up , causing the back wall to collapse .
robbers : paul frater -lrb- left -rrb- pleaded guilty to robbery and burglary and was sentenced to six years ; michael faux -lrb- left -rrb- pleaded guilty to robbery and burglary and was sentenced to six years , eight months .
thieves : jamie upton -lrb- left -rrb- pleaded guilty to two robberies , burglary and dangerous driving and was given ten years ; lee sowe -lrb- right -rrb- was found guilty at trial of robbery and was sentenced to ten years .
the men then burst into the shop to steal cash and jewellery , fleeing the scene in the stolen golf and ramming three police cars .
the vw was then abandoned with the gang getting into the audi which was driven to wilshaw lane , where upton was caught as he tried to escape through waterloo park .
faux , sowe and frater were caught later .
the car after the gang used it to ram raid a jewellers inashton-under-lyne .
faux pleaded guilty to robbery and burglary and