by .
tom gardner .
published : .
04:48 est , 6 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
11:47 est , 6 february 2014 .
argentina 's mcdonald 's stores have been hit by a major shortage of ketchup - provoking anger from thousands of customers .
the fast food restaurant has apologised for the ` momentary ' crisis which has left many of the 200 outlets in the south american country without the condiment .
mcdonald 's agentina tweeted on monday : ` the ketchup shortage at our local branches is momentary and we hope to solve it as soon as possible .
we 're bringing in other sauces to replace it while we try to fix the problem .
' crisis : argentina 's mcdonald 's stores have been hit with a shortage of ketchup - provoking fury from customers .
one customer tweeted : ' i was just told at mcdonald 's there 's no ketchup because it 's stuck at customs .
' a collapsing currency value and rampant inflation is being blamed for the shortage of supply .
mcdonald 's refused to explain what was causing the problem when ask on twitter , but it is thought the company is having trouble importing ketchup from chile as suppliers are reluctant to take the peso as payment for goods .
but the country 's president cristina kirchner is also coming in for fierce criticism from the thousands of angry diners who have had to forego their favourite source .
the annual inflation is expected to hit 30 per cent this year , under her economic reforms and stewardship .
in the past years since 2010 , inflation has been between 20 per cent and 25 .
percent .
an angry twitter user wrote : ` please cristina -lsb- kirchner -rsb- let us have ketchup .
' message to customer : the mcdonald 's twitter account tweeted ` in the absence of ketchup on our premises , we want to tell this to our fans ' followed by a message saying it was trying to solve the problem as soon as possible .
the crisis has now .
prompted people to panic buy perishable goods before the prices can .
rise any further or exchanging their pesos for u.s. dollars in a bid to .
protect their savings from further erosion .
economist nigel tollerman