in light of new reports that the syrian government used nerve gas against its own citizens , killing at least 213 and as many as 1,300 , president obama is considering military options to respond to an action he previously warned the assad government was crossing a ` red line ' .
u.s. naval forces are moving closer as the president emphasized that a quick intervention in the syrian civil war was problematic , given the international considerations that should precede a military strike .
the white house said the president would meet saturday with his national security team to consider possible next steps by the united states .
warning : graphic content .
scroll down for video ... escalation : angela kane , the un 's high representative for disarmament , arrives in damascus , syria on saturday to press president bashar assad to let un investigators look into the reported chemical attack .
four battleships have been moved to within striking range of syria as president obama weighs his options following a reported use of chemical weapons against citizens on wednesday .
officials say once the facts are clear , obama will make a decision about how to proceed .
defense secretary chuck hagel declined to discuss any specific force movements while saying that obama had asked the pentagon to prepare military options for syria .
u.s. defense officials told the associated press that the navy had sent a fourth warship armed with ballistic missiles into the eastern mediterranean sea but without immediate orders for any missile launch into syria .
u.s. navy ships are capable of a variety of military actions , including launching tomahawk cruise missiles , as they did against libya in 2011 as part of an international action that led to the overthrow of the libyan government .
` the defense department has a responsibility to provide the president with options for contingencies , and that requires positioning our forces , positioning our assets , to be able to carry out different options - whatever options the president might choose , ' hagel told reporters traveling with him to asia .
hagel said the u.s. is coordinating with the international community to determine ` what exactly did happen ' near damascus earlier this week .
calling assad a ` thug ' and a ` murderer , ' john kerry declared , ` history would