lionel messi has celebrated 10 years since his barcelona debut this week with the club 's supporters optimistic the arrival of luis suarez and the threesome messi will now help make up along with the former liverpool striker and neymar could open another illustrious chapter in his career .
` smn ' might not roll off the tongue like the ` bbc ' but the prospect of suarez , messi and neymar eclipsing bale , benzema and cristiano has barca fans believing that at the grand old age of 27 , and with 10 years at the club already behind him , messi can be the star of another formidable forward line .
from the moment the star signed a serviette at the age of 13 in december 2000 to confirm his arrival at the club 's famed la masia academy , the record books have been rewritten .
messi first exploded on to the scene at barcelona playing on the left of a front three that boasted samuel eto'o and the argentine 's good friend ronaldinho .
video scroll down to watch messi at 16 starring for barcelona youth team .
lionel messi is celebrating 10 years this week since making his barcelona debut .
the back of messi 's shirt has been a familiar site for defenders over the years as they fail to handle him .
messi , here against chelsea 's asier del horno in 2006 , has proved a nightmare for defenders .
messi -lrb- left -rrb- and neymar -lrb- right -rrb- have formed a devastating partnership together up front .
messi scored in the 2009 champions league final against manchester united as barcelona won 2-0 in rome .
messi -lrb- right -rrb- was at it again two years later when he put united to the sword , this time at wembley .
messi celebrates winning the champions league for the third time after the 2011 victory over united .
when frank rijkaard was replaced by pep guardiola he insisted ronaldinho was sold and messi was eventually moved to a more central position with eto'o and thierry henry .
that trio won the champions league in 2009 and when eto'o was sold messi linked up with spain forwards pedro and david villa winning the european cup again in 2011 .
there were fears that messi 's star was burning out last season as the burden