the heads of americans are changing - and rapidly - skulls are getting bigger and faces are getting longer and narrower .
within just 150 years , american heads have grown in volume by roughly the volume of a tennis ball .
the survey of 1500 skulls compared skulls from the mid-1800s to skulls from the eighties - and the shape is definitely changing .
are americans evolving ?
the researchers do n't know - the changing head shapes -lrb- found in samples of white americans -rrb- could also be due to better nutrition or racial mixing .
conan o'brien : within just 150 years , american heads have grown in volume by roughly the volume of a tennis ball .
` the varieties of changes that have swept american life make determining an exact cause an endlessly complicated proposition , ' said lee jantz .
` it likely results from modified growth patterns because of better nutrition , lower infant and maternal mortality , less physical work , and a breakdown of former ethnic barriers to marriage .
which of these is paramount we do not know .
' the researchers found that the average height from the base to the top of the skull in men has increased by 0.3 inches .
the skull size has grown by 200 cubic centimeters , a space equivalent to a tennis ball .
in women , the corresponding increases are seven millimeters and 180 cubic centimeters .
skull height has increased 6.8 percent since the late 1800s , while body height has increased 5.6 percent and femur length has only increased about 2 percent .
also , skull-height has continued to change whereas the overall heightening has recently slowed or stopped .
sarah jessica parker : skull height has increased 6.8 percent since the late 1800s , while body height has increased 5.6 percent and femur length has only increased about 2 percent .
the scientists also noted changes that illustrate our population is maturing sooner .
this is reflected in the earlier closing of a separation in the bone structure of the skull called the spheno-occipital synchondrosis , which in the past was thought to fuse at about age twenty .
richard jantz and natalie shirley , an adjunct assistant professor in the fac , have found the bone is fusing much earlier -- 14 for girls and 16 for