tony hogue , sene here in an undated modeling photo , has come forward to tell the story of how he once banged down bill cosby 's door after receiving a phone call from his friend who believed she was drugged and trapped inside the comedian 's home in 1984 .
a former male model has become the first man to come forward with a story that corroborates a cosby accuser 's claims about the actor 's alleged abuse .
tony hogue , now 58 , worked as a model in a 1980s -- for the same agency that represented cosby accuser beth ferrier -- and says he spent two drunken evenings at cosby 's manhattan brownstone in 1984 along with ferrier and another model friend .
after he declined a third debaucherous dinner at cosby 's home and his fellow models attended without him , hogue says he got an unsettling phone call from his unnamed friend from inside the house after she believes she was drugged by the comedian .
that friend would go on to become a witness called jane doe 8 in andrea constand 's 2005 sexual assault lawsuit against cosby , which never went to trial .
she , along with hogue , separately recounted their stories from 1984 to the daily beast .
` she was crying .
she was hysterical .
she was whispering , ' hogue recalled to the daily beast .
` she said , `` tony , you 've got to come get me .
'' ' hogue told the site he had been working for the modeling agency jf images , an agency with reported ties to cosby , when he was flown to new york city for work .
he said he and his fellow models were invited to dine with the actor at his upper east side brownstone on tony 61st street twice .
` why would bill cosby care less about these young girls coming from these modeling agencies ?
that was how he was casting extras on his show ?
` that right there seemed ridiculous .
i 'd been to la , and no actors i knew were doing that kind of stuff , ' hogue remembers wondering .
scene : hogue says his unnamed friend , who worked with him at jf images -- a modeling agency with purported ties to cosby --