fracking firms will be allowed to access vast reserves of underground gas without the permission of landowners under controversial laws being drawn up by the government .
ministers are preparing an overhaul of trespass legislation to make it easier for firms to ignore objections .
one source said the reform , which will infuriate anti-fracking campaigners , was likely to be included in the queen 's speech setting out the government 's plans for its final year .
anger : police tackle protesters at balcombe , west sussex , who were objecting to a test-drilling site there .
chancellor george osborne is offering generous tax breaks to kickstart the technology .
he believes fracking for shale gas could herald an energy revolution that will boost the economy , make britain more self-sufficient and put an end to sky-high bills from greedy energy firms .
scientists say the uk is sitting on deposits of enough shale gas to supply the whole country for at least 40 years , mirroring the north sea oil boom of the seventies .
shale gas development has taken off in the us , using the controversial process of fracking -- or hydraulic fracturing .
underground gas deposits are extracted by fracturing shale rock with high-pressure blasts of water , sand and chemicals .
opponents warn that the process risks causing earthquakes , polluting water , blighting the countryside and affecting house prices .
shale gas exploration involves sinking .
a vertical well and exploring out from it horizontally , often for more .
than a mile .
environmental campaigners and residents have demonstrated .
against fracking , clashing with police at well sites such as balcombe , .
west sussex .
under current .
law , firms need permission from owners of land over fracking tunnels .
if .
the owners object , a developer has to take them to court to overturn .
their objections and agree compensation .
resistance : police get to grips with another group of protesters at balcombe last summer .
the reform , which will infuriate anti-fracking campaigners , will make it easier to ignore local objections to drilling .
landowners in the us own any shale gas beneath their land , but in britain it belongs to the crown -- or , in practice , the government .
ministers are issuing licences for developers applying to sink exploratory wells