by .
associated press .
and reuters .
and damien gayle for mailonline .
america and its allies must extend the campaign against the islamic state into syria , say u.s. military officials .
the u.s. has so far restricted its military action to iraq , but there are concerns the action against the terror group will not be effective while it still has safe havens across the border .
u.s. army general martin dempsey , chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , said at the pentagon last night that the current strategy can only contain islamic state , not defeat it .
scroll down for video .
` we 're looking at all the options ' : u.s. secretary of defense chuck hagel , left , and chairman of the joint chiefs of staff general martin dempsey speak to the media during a press briefing at the pentagon .
` this is an organisation that has an apocalyptic , end-of-days strategic vision and which will eventually have to be defeated , ' he said .
` can they be defeated without addressing that part of their organization which resides in syria ?
the answer is no .
that will have to be addressed on both sides of what is essentially at this point a non-existent border .
' in the uk senior tory mp sir malcolm rifkind , a former secretary of state for defence , went even further , saying the west must be prepared to work with syria 's pariah president , bashar al-assad , to fight islamic state .
` sometimes you have to develop relationships with people who are extremely nasty in order to get rid of people who are even nastier , ' sir malcolm told the financial times .
enemy 's enemy ... senior mp sir malcolm rifkind , left , a former uk defence secretary , said the west must be prepared to work with syria 's pariah president bashar al-assad , right , to fight the islamic state threat .
found their footing : kurdish peshmerga soldiers stand guard at mosul dam in northern iraq yesterday after it was recaptured from islamic state militants with the help of heavy air strike support from the u.s. military .
the islamic state insurgency in northern iraq and syria is , it seems , leading to a significant redrawing of political allegiances across