by .
jessica jerreat .
published : .
08:48 est , 23 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:31 est , 23 may 2013 .
a canyon county man has been arrested after passing himself off as a disney heir called ` stephen disney ' and giving away stolen passes to disneyland .
stephen david urquidez , 51 , is accused of donating stolen passes to the park to a woman who was hosting a charity auction .
for the winners of the charity raffle it must have been a dream come true , but when they arrived at the theme park they discovered the passes had not been activated and therefore would n't work .
false hope : disneyland passes like these ones were donated to a charity auction , but they had been stolen .
fake identity : stephen urquidez allegedly told the charity volunteer his name was stephen disney .
authorities believe urquidez stole the .
passes from a supermarket .
he was arrested on .
suspicion of felony burglary on tuesday .
urquidez allegedly passed himself off as ` stephen disney ' , when he met a mature student volunteering at a charity .
the 40-year-old woman contacted police in january after discovering that the tickets she was given for the non-profit organization were not valid .
the student , who met urquidez at college , told police that he claimed to be an heir of the famous family , saying that was why he had the passes , according to khts .
although urquidez was arrested for burglary and not identity theft , when police arrested him they discovered a driver 's license , with a fake state seal , in the name of ` stephen disney ' , and w-2 tax forms showing the disney name .
heir claims : stephen urquidez allegedly said he was related to the disney family .
denied : walt disney 's family say urquidez has no connection to them or the corporation .
walt disney corporation confirmed urquidez was not affiliated with the corporation or the disney family .
police are now keen to hear from other people who may have fallen for the false identity .
in an interview outside his apartment with kcal 9 , urquidez denied using the name , adding : ` do you think disney would live here ?
' `