a virginia father trekked across a remote desert region to claim a disputed stretch of land so his seven-year-old daughter can be a real princess .
jeremiah heaton began his unusual quest for the unclaimed piece of land sandwiched between egypt and sudan after making a promise to emily that she would one day be royalty .
after reaching the desert region of bir tawil in june , the father-of-three planted a flag his children had designed , and made the first steps towards claiming the land .
royalty : princess emily and her adventurer father jeremiah heaton show off their flag .
on his return heaton and wife made a crown for their daughter and asked friends and family to refer to her as princess emily .
her kingdom covers about 800 square miles of desert that has never been claimed by sudan or egypt .
heaton .
found bir tawil , one of the last unclaimed pieces of land on the .
planet , after searching for how he could fulfill his promise to emily .
promise : heaton claimed a stretch of desert to emily could be a real princess .
several attempts to claim ownership of the region have been made online , but heaton believes that by actually traveling to the site and planting the flag gave his claim an edge .
` it 's .
beautiful there , ' heaton said .
` it 's an arid desert in northeastern .
africa .
bedouins roam the area ; the population is actually zero .
' it took .
heaton 14 hours to travel by caravan through the desert before he could .
plant the flag , which has a blue background and a seal and stars .
representing the family .
he may have completed his journey in june , but it began at the start of the year when he was chatting to his young daughter .
` over the .
winter , emily and i were playing , and she has a fixation on princesses .
she asked me , in all seriousness , if she 'd be a real princess someday , ' heaton said .
` and i said she would .
' as well as designing a flag for their country , heaton 's children have also decided to name it the kingdom of north sudan .
princess .