by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
19:57 est , 28 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
02:45 est , 29 october 2012 .
you may have thought recruitment to mi6 was wrapped in a veil of secrecy -- involving mysterious brown envelopes or a tap on the shoulder .
but the secret intelligence service has decided to take the more traditional approach of advertising in a national newspaper .
the tongue-in-cheek advert , taken out in the sunday times , rubbishes the notion of james bond-style ` high-speed chases and shoot-outs ' , instead saying the qualities looked for are ` far more ordinary ' .
working for mi6 is not all about james bond-style high speed chases or shoot outs according to a recruitment advert in the sunday times .
it even suggests that while mi6 does have an ` international focus ' many of its jobs are based in london and ` fit well with family life ' .
the advert also states that spies often need more ` subtle ' qualities , such as ` the simple ability to get on with all sorts of people from all kinds of cultures ' .
in a reference to john le carre 's novel tinker , tailor , soldier , spy , the ad also pokes fun at the ` tinker , tailor image of the hyper-intelligent , slightly , dysfunctional oddball ' .
dismissing the stereotype , the secret service says that ` in fact , you 'll find that we value both emotional intelligence and academic achievement ' .
in the full-page advertisement , , mi6 also dismisses the ` white , male stereotype ' , instead saying ` the truth is we do n't care what sex you are or where you 're from , as long as you 're a british national ' .
bosses also opened the job up to as many candidates as possible , saying that they ` do n't care what you do now , only what you can do ' .
gary oldman as george smiley in the 2011 film tinker tailor soldier spy - the ad pokes fun at the ¿ tinker , tailor image of the hyper-intelligent , slightly , dysfunctional oddball ' but while the campaign is one of mi6 's most open recruitment drives , it still emphasises the need for