by .
james black .
published : .
14:28 est , 15 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
06:01 est , 16 november 2012 .
britain 's first infestation of a the deadly black widow spider has been discovered in a machinery plant in east norfolk .
engineers at the plant discovered the notoriously viscous spider and after a google search to identify it called in pest control .
factory workers and office assistants were evacuated by pest control officers as the spider was sealed in an air tight container .
a nest of eggs was later discovered in the same crate where the spider was originally found after more than 100 baby black widows hatched from a small sack the size of a pea .
scroll down for video .
aggressive : the spider , seen here through a magnified lid , was identified on site and quickly sealed in a special air-tight container .
the nest of spiders was discovered once 100 babies hatched from the small sack .
` you could tell it was a black widow because of the hourglass pattern on the thorax and the aggressive stance the spider was taken once trapped in our containers , ' said ian parkinson , a service manager at abate pest control , who dealt with the request .
'' we cordoned off the area in the yard where the spider was discovered and created a ring of insecticide around it .
we then used ele4ctric and petrol based foggers on the rest of the site .
` after the factory was closed last night we then sprayed the office areas with a water-based insecticide as well .
` we are now satisfied that the premises is safe .
' it is believed that the spiders had come into the country from a delivery of imported machinery goods from texas .
all products are fumigated before being exported but it remains a mystery as to how the spiders survived .
mr parkinson believes that black widows can survive up to some weeks after only one large meal so it is not unlikely that they would survive during transit .
black widow spiders are considered the most venomous spiders in north america .
the southern black widow has the shiny , black , globular abdomen with the distinctive red hourglass on the underside .
` as far