manchester city 's champions league hopes are clinging by a thread once again after a depressing and controversial night in russia .
manuel pellegrini 's team were 2-0 up and cruising at half-time in the arena khimki only to concede twice in the second half .
city headed for home with much to complain about given the highly dubious nature of the penalty that levelled things up for cska with four minutes to go and the fact there appeared to be 300 home fans cheering from the main stand on a night when uefa had decreed the game must be played behind closed doors .
manchester city manager manuel pellegrini sits on the bench during his side 's match against cska moscow .
spectators watch the match in moscow on tuesday night despite the fact it was played behind closed doors .
manchester city players make their feelings known after referee istvan vad awards a penalty to cska .
uefa were investigating that issue amid suggestions sponsors tickets had been sold on the black market to fans .
city have complained to the governing body and uefa officials were seen taking photos of the supporters -- many clutching beer bottles -- during the second half .
nevertheless , it is the nature of city 's second half collapse that will trouble pellegrini even if bayern munich 's subsequent rout of roma in italy improved the premier league club 's chances slightly in group e. pellegrini did n't want to discuss the referee on tuesday night but when asked if the rogue cska fans could have influenced his penalty decision , the city manager said : ` well i agree but maybe it 's not my duty to talk about things that do n't correspond with my duty .
` uefa have their rule , they were aware the game was behind closed doors .
' i do n't know who allows or gives permission to give entrance to those people but it 's not my duty .
' i do n't want to talk about that decision .
i do n't want to talk about the referee because i do n't want to be punished again .
manchester city goalkeeper joe hart fails to stop bebras natcho 's penalty as cska equalise .
natcho celebrates as cska moscow fight back from two goals down to claim a point on tuesday