by .
emma reynolds and paul sims .
published : .
05:30 est , 7 may 2012 .
| .
updated : .
19:13 est , 7 may 2012 .
unless you count grey , the may day bank holiday offered little in the way of colour .
but these spectacular azaleas did at least brighten up one girl 's afternoon during a miserable , dank weekend .
lily manning , eight , made her way through the colourful display at exbury gardens in the new forest , hampshire , as the rest of the country sheltered under umbrellas .
shrubbing up nicely : eight-year-old lily manning marvels at the brightly coloured azaleas at exbury gardens in the new forest , on what was a largely overcast spring weekend .
heavy rain across large parts of britain and below-average temperatures have led some to speculate that we are on course for the coldest start to may in 70 years .
and few who did venture out yesterday would dare to disagree .
as temperatures failed to get anywhere near the 16c -lrb- 61f -rrb- average for this time of year , the beach resorts of brighton and bournemouth were all but deserted .
one bournemouth tourist , sarah slade , 38 , from milton keynes , said : ` when i booked a mini-break at the seaside for the may bank holiday i had hoped to pack my bikini and suntan lotion .
instead i 've had to dig out some of my winter clothing .
it feels like february , not may .
' tesco said that umbrella sales were up by 2,580 per cent from this time last year -- when the skies were blue and the heat rivalled anything in the mediterranean -- while sales of wellington boots rose by 256 per cent .
` this time last year we were out in our gardens enjoying barbecue food but the miserable weather has had shoppers stocking up on the kind of food they would normally buy in mid-winter , ' said karen poole , a manager at the supermarket .
the total cost of the weekend wash-out to britain 's tourism industry is yet to be calculated , but is expected to run into tens of millions of pounds .
visitor numbers to the thomas cook website have soared by 27 per cent in a week ,