by .
ap reporter .
two young iowa brothers stuck on shifting ice in the des moines river have managed to escape their ordeal without injury , authorities have confirmed .
a rescue operation was put into play using rope and a boat that was able to get the pair back to dry land after they landed in the slippery situation .
the incident occurred on thursday afternoon near hydro electric park .
corbin crawford , 12 , and dylan crawford , 7 , walked onto the ice near the park 's boat ramp , the fort dodge messenger reported .
got your back : corbin crawford , 12 , -lrb- left -rrb- holds his brother , dylan crawford , 7 , as they await rescue from the shifting ice on the des moines river in iowa .
corbin crawford , 12 , reaches out for a rope tossed to him from shore by a member of the fort dodge fire department .
the rescue , which took about 45 minutes , involved firefighters throwing rope at the boys in order to send them life jackets .
he firefighters helped get a flat-bottomed aluminum boat to the boys , which they used to pull them to shore .
a witness said the boys panicked when the ice started shifting .
they eventually got about 75 feet from the west bank of the river and about 300 feet north of the hydroelectric dam .
they huddled with one another as help arrived .
the rescue , which took about 45 minutes , involved firefighters throwing rope at the boys in order to send them life jackets .
a firefighter in a flotation suit went onto the ice with the brothers .
another went into the icy water .
the firefighters helped get a flat-bottomed aluminum boat to the boys , which they used to pull them to shore .
emotional reunion : corbin crawford runs to the arms of his mother , barbara crawford , following the rescue .
the boat 's light weight helped reduce the chances of it breaking through the ice .
the brothers were hugged by their mother once they reached solid ground .
they were examined at the scene but did not require hospitalization .
` one of the guys here got a message saying they 're home and enjoying some hot chocolate and that they