by .
sean poulter .
published : .
20:46 est , 15 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:44 est , 16 january 2013 .
a beauty cream ad promising to give women the same body as mila kunis has been banned for being misleading .
rodial failed to convince experts at the advertising standards authority that its anti-cellulite product could really deliver the promised effect .
the email advertisement for a body sculpture cream was headlined ` get a body to die for with 50 % off body sculpture for 24 hours ' .
mila kunis as she appears in a photoshoot for esquire - the image has been used in an advert that the asa says is misleading .
it featured an image of the 29-year-old actress , who starred in the 2010 film black swan , in her underwear and linked this to an esquire magazine feature where she was described as ` the sexiest woman alive ' .
the ad went on : ` get mila kunis ' esquire look with this intensive formula that helps reduce the appearance of cellulite fast ' .
potential customers were urged to ` streamline your bum , thighs & tummy with this a-list must have !
' .
rodial 's website says its products are the skincare choice for angelina jolie , anne hathaway , gwyneth paltrow and rosie huntington-whiteley .
defending its claims for the body sculpture cream , which costs # 75 for 200ml , rodial said it includes bio-marine actives , wheat protein and caffeine ` to help break down stubborn fat and promote drainage and reduce fluid retention in the body ' .
it also said the gel is ` infused with pomegranate tannins to firm and tone your skin and boost collagen production ' , which is associated with young skin .
misleading : the advert featuring mila kunis sent by rodial as an email to potential customers .
the asa said : ` most consumers would understand that the claim `` streamline your bum , thighs & tummy with this a-list must have !
'' implied that consumers who used the product would be able to reduce the appearance of cellulite and tighten and smooth their bottom , thighs and tummy .
` evidence presented consisted of information about two active ingredients within the body sculpture product which made reference to