host commentator .
click here to read matt barlow 's match report .
mourinho tells sky sports : they did a fantastic match .
this team is very mature and very confident .
to win 5-0 away in germany is not normal but it was very impressive .
87mins : drogba almost latches on to a ramires pass but fahrmann rushes out to steel the ball way .
` ole , ole ole , chelsea chelsea ' sing the travelling fans .
drogba turns provider as he finds space on the left and chips the ball towards the back post for ramires to head home .
the man who won chelsea the champions league in 2012 , has his fourth goal of the campaign after tapping home to end a brilliant chelsea move .
75mins : another change for chelsea as oscar is replaced by fellow brazilian ramires .
66mins : change for chelsea as costa is given a rest and replaced by drogba .
costa has been a constant threat but will be frustrated not to have scored his first champions league goal in a chelsea shirt .
matt barlow : diego costa is furious with himself for missing the chance for chelsea 's fourth .
he was still cursing minutes later and probably did not need willian chipping in with his opinion .
costa still waiting for his first cl goal for chelsea .
we 'll let him off .
63mins : meyer replaces boateng .
57mins : costa keeps finding promising positions out on the left but hoger has stuck to the spanish striker reasonably well .
fabregas is dictating just how much effort chelsea put into this second half .
matt barlow : di matteo has switched schalke to 442 for the second half with clemens on for kirchhoff and choupo-moting , perhaps their best player in the first half , sent up front with huntelaar .
it has made little impact .
chelsea look capable of scoring as many as they choose to score .
51mins : terrific plays from chelsea - fabregas plays a long ball over to top to costa who sees yet another shot block .
the ball falls to hazard and he jinks towards the byline only to see a cross cleared .
47mins : costa says it 's my turn now as he bullies santana off the ball and drives