religious groups representing muslims , hindus and sikhs last night banded together to demand an end to sex-selective abortions -- saying current legislation is not sufficient to prevent it .
the 25 groups , including the muslim women 's network , the hindu council and the sikh women 's alliance , have written to every mp to demand the change .
around 100 mps have said they will support an amendment making it clear that it is illegal under the 1967 abortion act to terminate a pregnancy on the grounds of the unborn child 's sex .
campaigners say the practice is more common among many of britain 's ethnic communities , where girls are less prized than boys .
religious groups representing muslims , hindus and sikhs have banded together to demand an end to sex-selective abortions .
file photo .
the letter expresses regret at the unwillingness of parties on both sides to see beyond the rhetoric around whether they are ` pro-choice ' or ` pro-life ' .
it states that the wording of the present law , which does not specifically rule out sex-selective abortions , provides ` mixed messages ' which is ` causing confusion ' .
the british pregnancy advisory service , for example , argues that sex-selective abortion is not illegal because ` the law is silent on the matter ' .
the signatories warn : ` we are confident that this contributes to complacency in the minds of those who , for whatever reason , do not want a girl .
' led by tory mp fiona bruce , pictured , around 100 mps are believed to be in favour of an amendment to the serious crime bill .
the letter is also signed by the sikh council and other religious organisations including imam ajmal masroor , sharan project , jeena international and karma nirvana .
led by tory mp fiona bruce , around 100 mps are believed to be in favour of an amendment to the serious crime bill , which is likely to be debated on 23 february .
the amendment reads : ` nothing in section 1 of the abortion act 1967 can be interpreted as allowing a pregnancy to be terminated on the grounds of the sex of the unborn child .
' the letter says : ` since news broke of the sex-selective abortion amendment to the