aaron hernandez 's housekeepers testified on monday about finding guns in the ` man cave ' of his home and how the ex-nfl star 's fiancée threatened them with deportation if they cooperated with authorities following odin lloyd 's murder .
marila prinholato was the first cleaner to take the stand on monday .
she testified that she cleaned at the north attleboro mansion in massachusetts every tuesday for up to seven hours .
she said that she would sometimes smell ` marijuana ' at the home and that the bed in the ` man cave ' appeared to have been slept in on several occasions .
scroll down for video .
marila prinholato -lrb- pictured left -rrb- testified on monday about finding two guns at aaron hernandez 's massachusetts home in 2013 .
grazielli silva , who ran the cleaning company , also testified .
defense attorney charles rankin , right , cross-examines a witness during the murder trial for former nfl player aaron hernandez , left , on monday in fall river , massachusetts .
ms prinholato also testified that during one round of cleaning , a gun fell out from under the mattress .
the cleaner then testified that a different weapon fell out of hernandez 's pants pocket when a colleague went to hang them up .
she added that she saw both guns at the home on the seven occasions she worked there .
ms prinholato told the jury that after odin lloyd was found murdered on june 17 , 2013 , around a mile from hernandez 's home , the pats star and his fiancée , shayanna jenkins , put pressure on her to sign a legally-binding confidentially document .
she did not sign it .
hernandez betrayed little emotion as he watched the witnesses testify in court on monday .
odin lloyd 's mother , ursula ward , was also in the public gallery at the bristol county superior court in fall river , as she has been each day since the start of trial .
hernandez 's defense attorney , michael fee , then got up to cross-examine ms prinholato .
fee said that the confidentiality agreement was given to ms prinholato before the murder and that the defendant had passed along one he got from another pats player .
grazielli silva , who ran the cleaning company used by hernandez ,