metereologists call it a a ` bombogenesis ' - a mid-latitude cyclone whose surface barometric pressure drops by 24 or more millibars in a 24-hour period .
but the easiest way for the rest of the us to understand it is as winter bomb , and one that is headed for the northeast u.s. from early next week , despite the calendar saying it 's spring .
experts say to prepare for a wintry mix of rain and snow from the carolinas to maine and into canada as a mass of cold arctic air descends over the northeast and east coast .
models suggest the storm will rapidly intensify tuesday night and wednesday , qualifying as as an ` explosive development ' or bombgenesis .
according to alex sosnowski , a senior meteorologist for accuweather.com , the storm is moving from the gulf of alaska and will travel southeastward into british columbia and the northern rockies over the weekend .
on the move : the winter ` bomb ' , descending south from canada , is expected to turn eastward early next week , dropping spotty snow , rain and a wintry mix over the central states .
bombs away : meteorologists say to prepare for a wintry mix of rain and snow from the carolinas to maine and into canada as a mass of cold arctic air descends over the northeast and east coast .
the snowstorm already hit montreal on saturday .
a low pressure system in the area is moving rapidly eastward toward maine .
springing backwards : a woman in montreal tries to go for her daily jog on saturday but is thwarted by snow .
back on the streets : a snowplow is forced back to work in montreal on saturday as a low pressure system is moving rapidly eastward to reach the state of maine this evening .
on tuesday the storm is expected to either slam or shoulder new york , new jersey , pennsylvania and new england .
residents of these areas can expect strong winds and windswept snow tuesday night and wednesday .
coastal cities should look out for possible flooding with high tide wednesday morning .
` the storm will spin up as eastbound disturbances from the midwest and the gulf of mexico interact over the east coast and western atlantic , ' according to weather.com .
` these disturbances