muslims in birmingham arranged a festival for 40,000 people to celebrate the end of the holy month of ramadan in just 16 hours .
the festival of eid al-fitr is a major event in the muslim calendar where families and friends congregate the break their fast and pray .
the end of ramadan is determined by muslim scholars in saudi arabia who spotted the new moon on sunday .
scroll down for video .
organisers of the eid al-fitr event in birmingham 's small heath park , pictured , arranged it in just 16 hours .
organisers .
contacted birmingham city council in advance , securing a licence for .
their festival by block-booking the event for sunday , monday and .
tuesday .
they held their highly successful event in the small heath park .
in birmingham .
this is the third year muslims have held their event in the birmingham park on the day of eid itself .
once .
the new moon was spotted over saudi arabia , ramadan would officially .
finish the following day , allowing the celebration to take place .
it .
is understood that monday 's festival was the largest ever of its type .
in the uk and , despite the short notice , catered for more that the .
35,000 people who went to latitude in suffolk .
prayers at the beginning of the festival took place at 9am with stalls selling halal sausages and ice cream .
millions of muslims across the globe have been celebrating the end of the holy month of ramadan including these worshipers at the jama mosque in new delhi , india earlier this morning .
these women are praying to celebrate the ending of ramadan in london 's burgess park .
luckily for the 40,000 muslims celebrating eid in birmingham , they had far better weather than the 35,000 revelers earlier this summer attending the latitude festival in suffolk , pictured .
eid also provides a summer boost for retailers with the so-called ` ramadan rush ' where thousands rich people from the middle east travel .
london 's department stores are bracing themselves for a ` middle eastern gold rush ' as scores of rich arab shoppers are expected to hit the tills in what has become known as the ` ramadan rush ' .
middle eastern shoppers are expected to increase their