a spurned receptionist knocked an indian doctor unconscious because he ` lied when he promised to marry her ' .
vasundhara sharma , 27 , slapped and punched the doctor repeatedly in his surgery , ripping off his clothes and leaving him apparently unconscious - before she was eventually dragged off by security .
and even his own employees did not save him from a 30-minute ordeal , where she slapped him more than 70 times , because they believed it to be a private matter .
scroll down for video .
vasundhara sharma , 27 , slapped and punched the doctor , named as dr arpit chopra , in his surgery .
cctv footage shows her ripping off his clothes and leaving him apparently unconscious - before she was eventually dragged off by security .
they eventually called police to the clinic in indore , in madhya pradesh , india .
the incident occurred at the end of october - but the doctor , named as dr arpit chopra , reported it two weeks later .
he insisted the delay had been as a result of his injuries and not because he was trying to avoid a scandal .
a preliminary investigation the woman had worked for dr chopra , who specialised in homoeopathic medicine .
she alleged that she had started a relationship with him after working at the clinic for three months in 2012 .
even his own employees did not save him from a 30-minute ordeal , where she slapped him more than 70 times , because they believed it to be a private matter .
the receptionist alleges she began a relationship with dr chopra and he reneged on a promise to marry her .
and her father has said she should be acquitted because the doctor had lied to his daughter and reneged on a promise to marry her .
in india , it is , in some cases , regarded as a criminal offence to promise to marry a woman in order to start a relationship and then to break it .
because the woman 's consent to a sexual relationship was based on the promise of marriage , if the promise was a lie it means consent was never really given .
therefore it has , in the past , sometimes been classified as rape .
but dr chopra claims the woman