by .
claire ellicott .
last updated at 9:47 pm on 18th november 2011 .
it may be little more than a month until christmas , but it seems winter still has n't really got going .
balmy temperatures this weekend will mean britain is hotter than jordan .
it will be unseasonably mild , according to predictions , with temperatures averaging 14c -lrb- 57f -rrb- across britain , as the unexpectedly warm november weather continues .
bright : the sun falls across st james 's park as a pelican prepares to fly across the park 's lake in central london .
take-off : the pelican sets off on its journey with the rays from the warm sun bouncing off the lake .
last thursday , temperatures in gravesend , kent , reached 16.2 c -lrb- 61f -rrb- .
and today , they are expected to reach 15.5 c -lrb- 60f -rrb- there -- hotter than amman , jordan , where the temperature is 13c -lrb- 55f -rrb- .
it is also set to be warmer than damascus , syria , where it is 13c and match shanghai , china , where it is 15c .
the outlook is not entirely positive , though , as some areas will be cloudy and may see showers , according to forecasts .
so far , temperatures this month have averaged 9.4 c -lrb- 49f -rrb- -- 3.5 c above the november average of 5.9 c -lrb- 43f -rrb- .
but it could soon be time to finally dig out those woolly jumpers , as the met office has warned that the warm spell is unlikely to continue much past this weekend .
spring-like : a mallard at london wetland centre has hatched a clutch of 11 ducklings , about six months later than usual .
relaxed : a squirrel takes advantage of the nice weather by sitting in fallen leaves in st james 's park .
sarah holland , a met office forecaster , said : ` the first part of the month has been very warm .
we have been seeing very mild temperatures of around 14-15c during the day which will continue into the weekend .
' the unseasonably warm weather is down to milder southerly winds blowing across from the continent , according to the forecaster .
normally , britain would be experiencing cooler westerly winds from across the