by .
associated press .
authorities say an amtrak train hit a vehicle that was apparently driving on train tracks late on sunday in massachusetts , killing three people .
amtrak train 132 from washington , d.c. was bound for boston late sunday night when it slammed into an suv around midnight , causing the train to derail .
three people in the suv were killed , two males and one female .
their names and ages have not been released.it 's still not clear where the car entered the tracks .
killer collision : three people died after an amtrak train hit an suv on the tracks overnight in mansfield .
authorities said at a news conference late monday morning that the scene is at least a mile long and difficult to access .
` what .
we have is a very large crime scene , we have a very long extended .
investigation ahead of us , and we really ca n't get into it too much .
beyond that point , ' mansfield police chief ron sellon told reporters .
authorities had previously said two died in the accident in mansfield , which forced amtrak to temporarily cancel some service to and from boston and providence , rhode island , on monday morning .
gregg miliote , a spokesman for the bristol county district attorney , confirmed the new details monday .
mystery : authorities have said they are unclear how the suv managed to get onto the railway tracks inthe first place .
three people in the suv , two males and one female were killed -lrb- stock photo -rrb- .
miliote says officials are still working to identify the victims , and that investigators are expected to be at the site most of the day probing the crash .
none of the 180 passengers or crew on the amtrak train , which was heading to boston from washington , were injured .
mansfield is about 25 miles southwest of boston .
amtrak acela express and northeast regional service between boston and providence was suspended , but resumed just after 7 a.m. as trains used the adjacent tracks .
there were also delays on the mbta 's providence and stoughton line .