by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
published : .
05:15 est , 7 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:21 est , 7 january 2013 .
the uk independence party could help form the next government , leader nigel farage claimed today .
despite not having a single mp in parliament , mr farage claimed his party 's trajectory could mean he plays the role of deciding who becomes prime minister in the event of another hung parliament .
the extraordinary boast comes as david cameron tries to see off the electoral threat posed by the eurosceptic party with a landmark speech in the netherlands on tory policy for britain 's future relationship with brussels .
ukip leader nigel farage claimed he could help form a coalition in the event of another hung parliament in 2015 .
tensions have been growing between the conservatives and ukip after mr farage 's party 's poll ratings soared , reaching 16 per cent in a poll yesterday -- up from 4.5 per cent a year ago .
mr cameron yesterday branded ukip ` pretty odd people ' in a fresh attack which mr farage had suggested would make an electoral pact before polling day impossible .
but the ukip boss said that if the progress in the polls continues , he could help form the next government if there was another hung parliament .
` do n't think about ukip forming the government in 2015 but if we continue at anything like our current progress , who knows ?
` the `` first-past-the-post '' system is brutal to a party like us , we 've got a lot of work to do on that and to build up our stronger areas , but who 's to say that in 2015 ukip may well be needed in a coalition ?
' however , he warned against getting carried away by good poll ratings .
` when david steel said to the liberal party `` go home and prepare for government '' , it made him a laughing stock and people are still laughing at him about that now .
` we 've got to keep our feet on the ground .
we are making progress , we 're not yet a party that is poised to take government in this country , ' he told bbc radio 4 .