by .
louise boyle and daily mail reporter .
published : .
22:18 est , 25 august 2012 .
| .
updated : .
11:06 est , 26 august 2012 .
a 25-year-old southwestern illinois man was charged saturday with aggravated criminal sexual abuse in connection with a st. louis teenager who said she was held captive in his home for three years .
st. clair county state 's attorney brendan kelly said saturday that steven elliot johnson had sex with the then-underage teenager .
johnson 's mother , 54-year-old owida johnson , was charged with two misdemeanor counts of child endangerment .
scroll down for video .
owida johnson , 54 , -lrb- left -rrb- and her son teven elliot johnson , 25 , have been charged in connection with the alleged sexual abuse and imprisonment of a 19-year-old girl in washington park , illinois .
washington park police are about to transfer the mother and son to st clair county jail , illinois .
both are in st. clair county jail .
steven johnson was being held on $ 2 million bond , his mother on $ 15,000 .
bond .
no court date has been set and kelly said no attorneys have been .
appointed .
speaking to the associated press , .
kelly would n't comment on whether the charges back up the story the .
19-year-old woman told police about being held against her will and .
conceiving a son during the first year she allegedly was at the .
washington park home .
the now-2-year-old boy was taken from the home by a police swat team thursday .
kelly said that there were unsafe and .
unsanitary conditions in the home , including exposed wiring , spoiled .
food in the refrigerator , animal feces in the house and insect and .
vermin activity .
he said the two counts of child endangerment involve two children , but would not say to whom the other child belonged .
police say the teenager told them she .
met the suspect through someone else and that she visited his home .
around the time she was reported missing .
the man later would n't allow .
her to go back home to her parents , according to police .
according to the teen , the suspect 's .
mother helped detain her and helped falsify medical