by .
kerry mcdermott .
published : .
04:48 est , 12 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
05:55 est , 12 september 2012 .
` dark past ' : the murdered 58-year-old has been accused of sexually assaulting his pupils while teaching in florida .
the retired teacher whose brutal murder rocked a picture-perfect town designed by disney has been accused of having a history of sexually abusing his male pupils .
the violent murder of life-long disney fan matteo patrick giovanditto , who was found bludgeoned to death at his home in celebration , florida , u.s. , in 2010 , was the first in the history of the nostalgic homage to small-town america built south of disney world .
david-israel zenon murillo , the homeless man who is set to face trial for the murder of the 58-year-old , told police he flew into a rage after mr giovanditto tried to sexually assault him .
now a number of former pupils have claimed the ` charismatic ' teacher know as mr g - who was said to be known for rewarding his pupils ' achievements in the classroom with weekend trips to disney world and sleepovers at his house - molested them during the 1980s .
an anonymous mother told the daily beast that giovanditto - who she has described as a ` cunning paedophile predator ' - developed a close relationship with her 10-year-old son when she enrolled him in a summer camp at the crossroads academy in florida , while giovanditto was head teacher .
the single mother said the teacher appeared to take her son under his wing - even treating him to trips abroad to countries including mexico , japan and china - until the boy suddenly cut all ties with giovanditto at the age of 14 .
she claims she later learned her son 's ` mentor ' had been sexually abusing him for years .
accused : david-israel zenon murillo claims giovanditto gave him a beer laced with drugs then tried to have sex with him .
a former pupil at lehrman day school , a private jewish school where giovanditto began teaching after relocating to florida from arizona in 1981 , also told the news website he had had ` sexual contact ' with his teacher during the mid-1980s .
describing himself as a ` pretty quiet kid