by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
08:37 est , 12 april 2012 .
| .
updated : .
10:19 est , 12 april 2012 .
a crooked custody officer stole a police mugshot to create a facebook page falsely accusing a heroin dealer of being an informant to help a rival pusher .
within hours of the picture appearing on the social network , the man shown in the picture - 31-year-old domenico masciopinto - had been shot by a gunman .
jonpaul pasqualone , 28 , was jailed for seven years after stealing masciopinto 's mugshot which he posted online with the caption : ' a police informant since 2009 ' .
mugshot : crooked custody officer jonpaul pasqualone posted this picture of heroin dealer domenico masciopinto on facebook accusing him of being a police informant .
masciopinto , 31 , survived being shot in the chest and the wrist , but has subsequently been jailed for 14 years at luton crown court after being convicted of two charges of conspiring to supply class a drugs .
pasqualone , who worked as a # 23,000 a year detention and escort officer at luton police station in beds , hoped to become a police officer .
judge stephen gullick said : ` the consequences of what you did resulted in a man being shot - fortunately not fatally .
` your recompense for what you did was to receive # 1,000 in cash .
` when mr masciopinto discovered what had happened , he was very annoyed and feared for his own and his family 's safety .
` he was not a police informant and never had been , he was a dealer in class a drugs based in bedford .
` he has recently been convicted to conspiring to supply class a drugs and he is presently serving 14 years in prison .
' ` the fact that a man , whoever that man .
may be and whatever his antecedents and criminal leanings , was shot as a .
consequence of what you did amounts in my judgement to a serious .
aggravating feature of your case .
' jonpaul pasqualone -lrb- pictured -rrb- got round security measures by simply photographing on screen documents and using his mobile phone .
the court heard how pasqualone had joined bedfordshire police in 2010 in a civilian