by .
daily mail reporter .
with no sign of her wedding ring , max clifford 's wife jo spent the trial well away from the courtroom .
she was ` very , very angry ' and ` just waiting for guilty verdicts and then she 's going to divorce him for everything he 's got ' , a friend said .
mrs clifford -- the publicist 's former pa whom he married in april 2010 , seven years after the death of his first wife , liz -- declined to comment on the suggestion she has been speaking to top london divorce lawyer raymond tooth .
scroll down for video .
jo clifford - the publicist 's former pa whom he married in april 2010 , seven years after the death of his first wife , liz - declined to comment on the suggestion she has been speaking to top london divorce lawyer raymond tooth .
at her husband 's trial , she was not called as a character witness and did not attend court by his side as a show of support .
as clifford waited for the verdicts , his wife was strolling in the cotswolds village where she has a three-bedroom # 600,000 stone cottage .
she fought back tears after hearing he had been convicted .
when asked if it was true she had left her husband , mrs clifford said : ` i really ca n't comment on that .
' the sex predator was jailed for eight years at southwark crown court , for offences carried out between 1977 and 1984 .
as clifford was driven off to prison , it emerged police are considering further sex assault charges against him .
the pr guru pictured with his wife as arrived to give evidence to the leveson inquiry at the high court .
twenty-three .
women originally came forward -- with prosecutors selecting the seven .
strongest cases to take to trial -- and several others are understood to .
have come forward since .
scotland .
yard sources described the new allegations as ` significant ' and said .
they would be taken ` very seriously ' by police and prosecutors .
one .
said : ` the evidence which emerged during the trial gave a number of .
women the confidence to come forward and make new allegations against .
him