the iconic double bay hotel has spent a multi-million dollar refurbishment to offer tourists its own distinctive style , with picturesque seaside views , parisian-style balconies , cocktail bars and an open rooftop pool , located in sydney 's finest eastern suburb .
the beautifully reinstated features of the classic hotel intercontinental sydney double bay will open in november ; just a few minutes ' walk from the cbd , beach , boutique stores and cafes .
sydney tourists can escape the city for stunning harbour views and a cocktail or two , surrounded with a smart , contemporary design to add a sense of understated luxury with a spectacular panoramic vista of the bay .
reserve one of sydney 's most exclusive ` royal suites ' , which features multiple private balconies overlooking the sparkling ocean , a dining room , entertaining lounge , study , walk-in wardrobe and marble en-suite .
glamourous addition to double bay 's hotel : tourists can escape the city for stunning harbour views and a cocktail or two on an open rooftop pool and enjoy cocktail bar when it opens in sydney in november .
complete with a rooftop pool and lounge , the hotel features 140 guest rooms with 14 en-suites , restaurant and bar , world-class concierge , grand ballroom and an ` exclusive club intercontinental lounge ' , courtyard and an underground car park .
the grand ballroom is expected to hold 300 guests , alongside six flexible function rooms , with sydney 's only separate catering kosher kitchen .
the exclusive rest space for club guests only , will include an indoor lounge with gold upholstery and moodier dark colourings opens out to a fragrant , enclosed garden .
celebrating the intriguing and versatile nature of gin is the bar , with sail-shaped custom lighting , pale blue walls , dark timber and metallic finishing .
the marble-inlaid bar with pale blue leather cladding features a back wall of rare bottles of the spirit .
the breakfast buffet area and chef 's table adjoined to the room 's leather banquets and oval tables are crafted with mosaic tiles .
drawing up to the hotel along the cobbled driveway , guests are welcomed through the original ` porte-cochère ' and arched timber doors of the majestic building .
reserve one of sydney 's most exclusive ` royal suites ' ,