by .
kerry mcqueeney .
last updated at 8:48 pm on 26th october 2011 .
accused : achilleas kallakis at southwark crown court .
it was claimed his company had assets in excess of $ 1 billion .
however , a property tycoon at the centre of a # 750 million fraud ran his office from a basement with just ` two and a half computers ' , a court was told .
despite projecting an image of success and prosperity , atlas management corporation was operating as if it was about to go bankrupt , with keys even falling off one computer keyboard as staff typed , it was claimed .
millionaire achilleas kallakis - allegedly at the company 's helm - and his ` right hand man ' alex williams are accused of using forged documents to con banks out of money to amass a property empire .
southwark crown court , in london , heard that kallakis - who claims to come from a wealth greek shipping dynasty dating back 200 years - asked accountants to cash cheques for him , for up to # 20,000 at a time .
it is thought kallakis was using the .
cash to fund .
his ` very expensive lifestyle ' of chauffeur-driven cars , private planes .
and the upkeep of his own yacht , the court heard .
kallakis and williams - both aged 43 - are alleged to have bought 16 landmark properties on the back of the cash , which was mainly forked out by allied irish bank -lrb- aib -rrb- .
however , aib lost # 56million when atlas management corporation - which was based on forgeries - went bust .
victor temple qc , prosecuting the case , said money was coming in but ` almost immediately coming out again .
' the court today heard how rodney rezler , who was appointed chief accountant at the company , revealed how he was led to a basement room on his first day where there was only one working computer .
chartered account mr rezler told the court : ` on the day i arrived i was led to a small basement room where there was one and a half working computers .
they were not networked .
' i managed after a few days to scrounge a computer for myself .
this was a