by .
ruth styles .
published : .
10:19 est , 14 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:34 est , 14 july 2013 .
despite having four foot fences and scorching temperatures to tackle , zara phillips cut a remarkably cool figure as she took to the field during the brightling park international horse trials in east sussex .
the queen 's granddaughter , who announced her first pregnancy last week , looked calm and in control as she sped around the course - watched by husband , mike tindall .
although nhs advice states that mothers-to-be should avoid equine sports , miss phillips has said that she intends to continue riding for the foreseeable future .
clear round : zara 's horse splashes through a water-filled ditch during the brightling park horse trials .
winning start : zara smiles as she completes a dressage test at brightling park in east sussex .
baby bump : zara phillips announced she is three months pregnant with her first child last week .
the 32-year-old olympic silver medallist , who is three months pregnant , fell from a horse only ten days ago , but has vowed to keep on riding until closer to her due date in the new year .
her mother , princess anne , kept riding until just six weeks before the birth of her daughter and was also a successful eventer .
eventing includes three stages , dressage , show jumping and cross country , and is one of the toughest horse sports to master .
zara has entered into another two eventing meetings later this month , on six different horses .
opinion has been split on whether she should take a break , but netmums founder siobhan freegard said : ` many riders continue in the saddle up to five or six months pregnant -- and event star mary king famously competed in the european championships at five-and-a-half months .
family tradition : zara 's mother princess anne kept riding until six weeks before the birth of her daughter .
tough : despite the perils of her chosen sport , zara has vowed to continue riding during her pregnancy .
and she 's off !
zara clears a water jump and makes short work of a series of parallel bars .
` zara is a professional sportswoman who will trust her mount