a mistress of dominique strauss-kahn received a # 900 pair of designer boots and the promise of ` learning new sex games ' in return for attending orgies , it is alleged .
the claim is a crucial part of the evidence in the former international monetary fund chief 's pimping trial which entered its second day in lille , northern france , today .
strauss-kahn , 65 , faces up to 10 years in prison if it is proved that he paid women to attend sex parties all over the world .
but the ` girlfriend ' , identified only as sylvie , told police that if she became his regular mistress , he would reward her with presents and sex games , rather than cash .
scroll down for video .
accused : dominique strauss-kahn stauss leaves the courthouse on the first day of his trial in lille yesterday .
he is accused of sex offences , including the alleged procuring of prostitutes .
co-defendant : rene kojfer arrives at the courthouse in lille on the second day of the trial this morning .
claims : rene kojfer , a former carlton public relations officer , arrives on the second day of the trial .
the presents and sex games included strauss-kahn taking the ` girlfriend ' to the bois de boulogne , the wood to the west of paris , blindfolding her , and ` watching her ' having sex with other men .
at the time , strauss-kahn was married to the multi-millionaire art heiress and journalist anne sinclair , 66 , who divorced him last year .
according to the charge sheet in lille , northern france , strauss-kahn was guilty of ` aggravated pimping ' , which means managing more than one prostitute .
he is specifically accused of ` aiding , abetting or protecting ' the prostitution of seven women whom he slept with regularly .
but , in court documents , a number of ` girlfriends ' admit they attended orgies organised by strauss-kahn , who was once seen being ` entertained ' by up to eight women at one time at the murat hotel , in paris .
french lawyer and defendant emmanuel riglaire arrives at the court in lille , northern france this morning on the second day of the so-called ` carlton case ' trial .
francis henrion -lrb-