by .
sophie jane evans for mailonline .
it has been sung by football fans across britain for decades .
now , the answer to the mocking chant ` who ate all the pies ?
' has been revealed .
southampton supporters ' eating habits have seen a whopping 310,000 pies bought at the tesco store nearest to st mary 's stadium every year .
popular snack : southampton supporters ' eating habits have seen a whopping 310,000 pies bought at the tesco store nearest to st mary 's stadium every year - more than any other premier league ground in the country .
they ate all the pies : shoppers in southampton buy an average of two pies each per visit to the tesco store .
shoppers purchase an average of two pies each per visit - with the favourite being steak and chicken tikka , according to new figures .
it is the highest number of pies a year sold in any tesco near a premier league ground in the uk - and twice as many as those purchased near st james 's park in newcastle .
leicester city fans were revealed as the second most likely to devour pies during football matches , with shoppers buying 270,000 every 12 months from the store nearest to king power stadium .
unlike those favoured by southampton supporters , their top filling was steak and kidney .
revealed : the top 10 number of pies bought per year at tesco stores near premier league grounds in the uk .
west bromwich albion were named as third -lrb- 200,000 purchases near the hawthorns -rrb- , swansea city as fourth -lrb- 190,000 near liberty stadium -rrb- and burnley as fifth -lrb- 165,000 near turf moor -rrb- .
meanwhile , crystal palace supporters were revealed as the least likely to fill up on pies as they watch their team take to the pitch .
shoppers purchase an average of just 30,000 pies a year from the tesco nearest to selhurst park , according to the figures obtained by the daily mirror .
queens park rangers and chelsea were also ranked among the bottom of the league , buying only 55,000 and 50,000 pies per year respectively .
filling : leicester city fans were revealed as the second most likely to devour pies during football games .
unlike southampton supporters -lrb- who opted for