malky mackay and paul jewell emerged as early contenders for the wigan on thursday after uwe rosler was sacked after 11 months in charge at the dw stadium .
mackay has been out of work since his acrimonious departure from cardiff city last december , with sportsmail later revealing that the welsh club sent a dossier to the fa accusing him of exchanging ` racist , sexist and homophobic ' texts and email messages with crystal palace sporting director iain moody .
mackay withdrew from the running for the managerial vacancy at palace in august and issued a public apology .
wigan athletic have sacked uwe rosler following a string of poor results at the dw stadium .
wigan succumbed to a loss at rivals bolton wanderers on friday and sit 22nd in the championship .
malky mackay -lrb- left -rrb- and swindon town manager mark cooper are early favourites to replace rosler .
former ipswich town boss paul jewell is another front runner for the wigan job .
the 42-year-old attended wigan 's defeat at brighton earlier this month and it is understood that the club have already made contact with his representatives .
jewell famously led wigan from league one to the premier league but resigned in 2007 after keeping them in the top-flight on the final day of the season .
the 50-year-old , who has been out of management since leaving ipswich more than two years ago , held talks with his old club last night over a dramatic return just hours after rosler was axed .
latics chairman dave whelan says he took a long time to come to the decision to sack rosler .
the german took wigan to the fa cup semi-finals and the championship playoffs last season after succeeding owen coyle in december .
however , he has won only once in his last 12 games and friday 's defeat at bolton saw his side drop to third from bottom in the championship .
having given rosler his personal backing last week , it is understood that chairman dave whelan sacked him after training yesterday amid concerns that he had lost the support of the dressing-room .
swindon manager mark cooper , blackburn 's gary bowyer , tony mowbray and stuart mccall were other names being linked with the vacancy last night .
mark davies of bolton -lrb- right -rrb- is tackled