by .
jonathan o'callaghan for mailonline .
some videos and images taken from the iss are so incredible that they can leave you questioning their authenticity .
but this time-lapse of an aurora surrounding the iss as it completes an orbit of our planet is very much the real deal .
the amazing footage was captured by esa astronaut alexander gerst on the station last week .
above can be seen an animation of the moment esa astronaut alexander gerst and his crewmates on the iss spottted an aurora around the iss .
the green light is caused by the interaction of solar wind with particles in earth 's atmosphere .
part of the huge solar array can also be seen moving -lrb- credit : esa/nasa -rrb- .
the time-lapse was created by photographs taken on board the iss by members of the expedition 40 crew .
there are two types of aurora - aurora borealis , which means ` dawn of the north ' , and aurora australis ' , known as ` dawn of the south .
' as their names imply , the former are seen in the northern hemisphere and the latter in the southern hemisphere .
they are caused when electrically charged particles from the sun enter the earth 's atmosphere .
these so-called geomagnetic storms occur when a solar wind or cloud of magnetic field hits the earth 's magnetic field .
usually the charged particles from the sun are deflected by the earth 's magnetic field , but some do manage to enter the atmosphere and collide with gas particles .
these collisions emit light .
as a result , auroras are most common around the magnetic poles and are most often seen in areas with little light pollution .
auroral displays appear in many colours although pale green and pink are the most common .
shades of red , yellow , green , blue , and violet have also been reported .
the common , greenish-yellow colour is caused by colliding oxygen molecules approximately 60 miles -lrb- 96km -rrb- above earth .
rare , red auroras are produced by oxygen molecules situated much higher up , at around 200 miles -lrb- 320km -rrb- .
nitrogen produces blue or purplish-red aurora .
it shows the station orbiting the planet as normal before green lights begin to come into view .
the iss then