given that this thing is the height of a man , can disembowel a human with one thwack of its three-pronged claw and weighs up to 90lb , the locals seem remarkably relaxed that it is on the loose .
in fact , as the hunt for the runaway rhea of essex gathers momentum , they all seem to be treating the whole thing as a bit of a laugh .
and last night , the jokes took a turn for the worse .
because the daily mail has now tracked down this giant flightless bird -- a 45mph ostrich-cum-emu usually found on south american pampas -- to a golf course outside nuthampstead , hertfordshire .
scroll down for video .
latest sighting : charmaine lake captured this image of the missing rhea bird which can run at speeds of up to 40mph at barkway park golf club , near nuthampstead , hertfordshire .
tracked down : despite the missing rhea bird being capable of killing a man with a single whack of its claw , locals at the barkway park golf club , near nuthampstead , pictured , do n't seem concerned .
and by close of play yesterday evening , the ` birdie ' gags were becoming unbearable in the 19th hole at barkway park golf club .
mind you , they might not be chortling quite so happily the next time they 're poking around in the rough for a missing ball ... for even if we have now narrowed down the chase , no one seems to think there is much chance of trapping this monster feather duster in the near future .
it is nearly four weeks since the six-year-old female rhea went on the run from jo clark 's smallholding in brent pelham on the essex/hertfordshire border .
jo has kept rheas for many years -- among her horses , sheep , geese , ducks and cats -- in order to keep down the weeds on her 11 acres .
no one is entirely sure why the bird escaped , although jo thinks it may have been spooked by the local hunt passing nearby .
` i followed her for four hours with a bucket of food , but you ca n't herd these creatures and so i gave up , ' says jo , who still has three remaining rheas , all one-year-old