parents have told of their horror after the body of a young woman was found outside a primary school .
three people were arrested on suspicion of murder the body , believed to be that of a woman in her early 20s , was discovered in an outside doorway at harlescott junior school in shrewsbury just before midnight .
it came after concerns were raised for the safety of a local , west mercia police said , but no official identification has yet taken place .
the woman is not believed to have been connected with the school .
an officer found the woman after a search of the grounds .
two men - aged 32 and 39 - and a 31-year-old woman are all being questioned by detectives over the death .
scroll down for video .
three people have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman 's body was found outside a primary school in shrewsbury .
the body of a woman , thought to be in her early 20s , was discovered in a doorway at harlescott junior school in shrewsbury just before midnight .
an officer for west mercia police discovered the body after concerns were raised for the safety of a local woman .
pupils had been set to return from their christmas holidays today but the school in featherbed lane remains shut while investigations continue .
a force spokesman said a detailed forensic examination of the scene was taking place , with officers hoping to have completed their work so the school can reopen on wednesday .
a spokesperson for west mercia police said : ` pupils were due to return to school tomorrow following the christmas holidays but the decision has been taken to keep the school closed while investigations continue .
` police hope to have completed their examination of the site tomorrow to allow the school to reopen on wednesday .
a force spokesman said a detailed forensic examination of the scene was taking place , with officers hoping to have completed their work so the school can reopen on wednesday .
pupils had been set to return from their christmas holidays today but the school in featherbed lane remains shut while investigations continue .
' a date and time for the post-mortem has not been set yet .
` no more information regarding the deceased will be made