horrific attack : munir ahmad , 39 , pictured , was cut with a kitchen knife by luke sheldon , 17 , after making him drive to an industrial estate .
this is the horrific injury inflicted on a taxi driver when his throat was cut in a robbery by a boy of 17 who escaped with just # 100 .
luke sheldon slashed 39-year old munir ahmad with a kitchen knife after booking his private hire cab and asking him to take him to an industrial estate .
as mr ahmad lay reeling on the ground with blood spurting from his wounds , sheldon drove off in his vauxhall vectra taxi and left him for dead .
he was arrested after smashing the vehicle into another car .
mr ahmad needed 14 stitches for deep cut beneath his chin but miraculously escaped more serious injury after the blade missed his jugular vein .
police discovered drifter sheldon from middleton , greater manchester had robbed another taxi driver at knifepoint the day before .
at bolton crown court , he admitted causing grievous bodily harm , robbery and possessing a bladed article and was locked away in a young offender institution for six years and eight months .
an order banning his identity was lifted by the judge in the case .
the court heard how sheldon and another man stephen hastie , 25 , had robbed a taxi driver at knifepoint on november 14 last year after he picked them up from the middleton area .
he handed over his takings and ran off and the pair drove off in his car , which was crashed into two parked vehicles nearby .
the two yobs then got out and walked off .
at about 9.30 pm on tuesday 15 november 2011 , mr ahmad was outside the harbord harbord pub , when sheldon asked to be taken to the stakehill industrial estate in middleton .
once there sheldon pulled out at a knife and slit mr ahmad 's throat .
the stricken cabbie staggered out of his car in a bid to escape but was caught by sheldon who tried to stab him again .
mr ahmad grabbed his arm to protect himself from a further blow from the knife before the thug drove off in his car containing the takings , a sat nav and three mobile phones