a nature photographer has captured breath-taking photos of frozen trees in a remote part of western russia where the temperature drops to a chilling -35 c. set against the red and orange glow of the sky , the trees carve eerie shapes on the frigid landscape as they buckle under the weight of ice and snow .
they make for unworldly figures as they stand against a magnificent , wintry backdrop in perm krai and sverdlovsk oblast .
photographer sergey makurin captured the stunning shots while trekking through the ural mountain range in western russia .
clusters of frozen trees that have buckled under the weight of ice and snow appear to have been sliced in half .
the trees make for unworldly figures as they stand against a magnificent , wintry backdrop in perm krai and sverdlovsk oblast .
mr makurin said ` it 's not always easy to get the perfect shot ' it sometimes too him hours or even days to get it right .
the stunning shots were captured by russian photographer sergey makurin in the ural mountains , which extend south from the coast of the arctic ocean .
sergey trekked through sub-zero weather to access an area which is extremely isolated with very few human inhabitants for miles around .
some of his images show clusters of bent trees , which make it seem like a single tree has been sliced in half .
sergey makurin decided to photograph the ural mountains at winter to ` share this incredible region with the rest of the world ' photographer sergey makurin says the area has so much natural beauty that it can be comforting being miles away from the nearest human .
mr makurin trekked through sub-zero weather to access an area which is isolated with very few human inhabitants for miles around .
sergey makurin describes the trees as ` eerie ' and says it can be ' a little unnerving ' being in such an isolated area .
sergey , 45 , said : ` when i was 12 years old i got to see the ural mountains for the first time and i was amazed .
` i felt i had to share this incredible region with the rest of the world .
` the trees do look eerie and knowing that you are in a very isolated area can sometimes be