by .
victoria woollaston .
published : .
10:06 est , 9 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:36 est , 9 august 2013 .
students from sydney and london have developed an amphibious prosthetic limb that lets wearers run on sand and swim full speed in the sea .
the murr-ma limb has a split-toe design that helps a user balance on the uneven terrain of a beach and has studs that give a larger surface area when running on soft sand .
when worn in water , murr-ma has ` fins ' fitted at the top of the prosthesis that channel the flow of water along the limb and propels the swimmer faster - and this can give wearers more thrust and faster speeds than able-bodied people .
scroll down for video .
students from sydney and london have developed an amphibious prosthetic limb that lets wearers run quickly on sand due to its split-toe design .
the limb also comes with ` fins ' that mean the wearer can transition to swimming easily .
the split-toe foot with studs provide a larger surface area that improves balance on soft and uneven terrains .
the split-toe also reduces the amount of drag in water .
it has a carbon-fibre backbone that .
supports the wearer 's body weight but is flexible and creates energy .
during running and walking .
fins along the front of the .
prosthesis give thrust when kicking and channel water past the .
foot to streamline movement in water .
the team behind murr-ma wanted to create a prosthesis specifically designed for high-performance water sports and beach activities such as surfing and beach volleyball .
it has a carbon-fibre backbone that supports the wearer 's body weight but is flexible and creates energy during running and walking .
pairs of fins along the front of the prosthesis give thrust when kicking .
they also channel water past the foot to streamline the movement and reduce underwater drag .
the split-toe foot with studs provide a larger surface area that improves balance on soft and moving terrains .
murr-ma , right , is made of carbon fibre and has fins that give thrust when kicking .
these fins , inspired by the fins on a sailfish , also channel water past the foot in water to give wearer 's ` superhuman '