by .
victoria woollaston .
spanish tennis player , david ferrer sent a tweet to his 370,000 twitter followers earlier this week , saying how much he loved his new samsung galaxy s4 .
unfortunately for ferrer , the tweet was shown as being sent from his iphone .
samsung sponsors the current mutua madrid open tennis tournament that ferrer is competing in .
ferrer 's tweet translated as : ` i 'm so happy with my new #galaxys4 , setting up s health on my new #galaxys4 to help me with training .
' however , the tweet is show as being sent it from his ` twitter for iphone ' app .
ferrer is n't the first celebrity to make this mistake .
blackberry ambassador alicia keys announced at the launch of blackberry 10 she had ` broken up ' with her iphone , yet tweeted from her ` ex-phone ' straight after the event .
taiwanese-singer peter ho tweeted criticisms of apple , in response to a tweet from chinese telecom company cct .
yet sent it from his iphone .
he later claimed his phone had been stolen and his account hacked .
ferrer 's tweet was an advert for samsung .
it was written in spanish and translated to : ` i 'm so happy with my new #galaxys4 , setting up s health on my new #galaxys4 to help me with training .
' he also included a link to the @samsungmobile twitter account .
yet , the tweet was shown as being from his ` twitter for iphone ' app .
ferrer deleted the tweet , but not before it could be screen grabbed .
many of his followers sent sarcastic replies , with one calling ferrer 's phone an ` iphonegalaxy 4 ' .
tennis pro david ferrer is a samsung ` brand ambassador ' and is currently playing in the samsung-sponsored mutua madrid open tennis tournament .
ferrer is n't the first celebrity to make this mistake .
blackberry .
ambassador alicia keys announced at the launch of blackberry 10 she had .
` broken up ' with her iphone , yet tweeted from her ` ex-phone ' straight .
after the event .
taiwanese-singer peter ho tweeted criticisms of apple , in response to a tweet from chinese telecom company cct .
yet sent it from his iphone .
he