a florida mother who fled to canada rather than face 30 years in jail for having sex with a 16-year-old boy has been told she has been granted asylum .
denise harvey has been told she will not be extradited back to the united states to serve her prison term .
the 47-year-old successfully argued that her sentence was ` cruel and unusual punishment , ' according to the national post .
despite the canadian government trying to kick her out of the country , an immigration appeals board granted her leave to stay .
denise harvey , 47 , was convicted of five counts of unlawful sexual activity with a minor in 2008 for having sex with a 16-year-old friend of her son .
the canadian government had already appealed the decision once before and now appears to be out of legal options .
immigration minister chris alexander said that he found it ` mind-boggling ' a u.s. citizen would apply for asylum in canada .
` it .
is mind-boggling that individuals from the united states , which has .
been designated a safe country precisely because it respects human .
rights and does not normally produce refugees , think it is acceptable to .
file asylum claims in canada , ' he told cbc news .
harvey will now be able to apply for canadian citizenship .
harvey claimed her pending 30-year prison sentence was ` cruel and unusual punishment ' officials told the national post that cases like this are rare - although three asylum claims were accepted from the united states in 2013 alone .
the married mother fled from her home in florida in 2010 after being convicted of having sex with a 16-year-old who was friends with her teenage son .
she was sentenced to 30 years but while out on bail fled to canada with her husband and family .
she was granted refugee status after saying she faced ` cruel and unusual punishment ' from the lengthy prison sentence .
canadian authorities agreed to allow her to stay ruling her actions would not constitute a crime if she had carried them out in canada where the age of consent is 16 .
the federal court of canada reversed the decision and stripped her of the refugee status .
prosecutors in vero beach , florida were hopeful that harvey would be sent