a former kansas elementary school teacher was arrested this week and charged with child sex crimes .
kourtnie a. sanchez , 25 , was arrested monday on charges including electronic solicitation , unlawful sexual relations , solicitation of unlawful sexual relations and three counts of promoting obscenity to a minor .
sanchez - who is believed to be a mother-of-three - was a student teacher at marshall elementary school in eureka during the fall 2014 semester .
prosecutors allege her victims were aged between 15 and 17 , and that the alleged incidents occurred over five months in 2014 .
however it is unclear how many victims there were .
scroll down for video .
charged : kourtnie a. sanchez , 25 , was arrested monday on charges including electronic solicitation , unlawful sexual relations , solicitation of unlawful sexual relations and three counts of promoting obscenity to a minor .
obscene : sanchez was a student teacher at marshall elementary school in eureka during the fall 2014 semester , when the alleged incidents ' occurred .
married : sanchez - whose maiden name is olsen - is married and is believed to have three children .
she will next appear in court on may 8 .
selfie : the former student teacher is seen here in photos from her facebook account , which has now been deactivated .
she left her position in december 2014 .
brief : sanchez looked sullen during her first court appearance on tuesday march 31 , 2015 .
sanchez - whose maiden name was kourtnie olsen - was never employed by the district because she was a student teacher through a college program .
however she still coached some junior high sports for the school for the past two years .
she coached junior high girls ' volleyball and basketball , even though she was not a certified teacher , so was not permitted to coach , according to kake.com .
the school said she left in december following a ` situation ' , but would not elaborate .
sanchez looked sullen during her first court appearance on tuesday .
the history log of her snapchat - a cellphone app that allows users to send photos and videos to each other that expire after seven seconds - have been listed as part of the complaint .
she made a fast exit as soon the