hillary clinton got back at a heckler who interrupted her with a bullhorn on sunday by making a joke about his mental health .
clinton was giving a speech on early childhood development to the american academy of pediatrics in san diego , california , when an unidentified man set off an alarm on the noise-amplifying device and began shouting at her .
` you know there are some people who miss important developmental stages , ' clinton facetiously told the 3,000 or so pediatricians listening to the speech after the man was hauled out by security .
hillary clinton was interrupted during remarks on sunday in san diego , california , by a heckler with a bullhorn .
clinton winced , made a joke about the heckler 's mental health , then went on with her speech .
the unidentified heckler can been seen in this photo , taken from a video of the event , hollering at clinton as he is led out by security .
it was not immediately clear what the individual who made the disturbance was upset up about as he did not make his case through the bullhorn .
clinton was at the event to announce a partnership between the clinton foundation and the academy , according to the hill .
as part of the foundation 's to small to fail program , clinton said , it would work with the academy to encourage parents to begin reading to their children at a young age .
the former secretary of state and presumed 2016 presidential candidate is no stranger to heckling at her speaking events .
at an event last october in new york , a man began harassing clinton about her involvement in the terrorist attack on the u.s. consulate in benghazi on september 11 , 2012 .
` benghazi , benghazi , you let them die !
' he shouted at her .
clinton responded to that man with a lecture on democracy and appropriate behavior in a civil society .
` we have to be willing to come together as citizens to focus on the kind of future we want , which does n't include yelling , it includes sitting down and talking with one another , ' she said .
at an april event in las vegas , nevada , clinton was memorably accosted by a woman wearing a blonde