by .
ruth styles .
the duchess of cornwall has made her second public appearance in as many days to unveil a new portrait of herself at the helen & douglas house hospice in oxfordshire .
less than a week after she was seen wiping away tears at the funeral of her brother mark shand , the duchess , 66 , summoned up a smile as she spoke with the terminally ill children being cared for on the premises .
she is the official patron of the hospice , and artist ruth heppel was commissioned to paint the portrait which marks helen & douglas house ' 10th anniversary .
scroll down for video .
does it look like me ?
the duchess of cornwall smiles as she inspects her new ruth heppel portrait .
important : the portrait was commissioned to mark the 10th anniversary of an oxfordshire hospice .
although .
signs of strain could still be seen on the duchess ' face , camilla , who .
spent yesterday touring raf leeming in north yorkshire , appeared .
delighted with the work .
elegant .
in a cream skirt suit with a collarless jacket and a neat pair of black .
court shoes , she spoke warmly with staff before touring the wards .
yesterday , the duchess beamed as she was greeted outside the base by cheering children waving union flags outside raf leeming .
during .
her visit , which was arranged to mark the opening of a new medical .
centre , the duchess met wounded personnel , among them corporal paul .
bentley-crane , who showed the royal how some of the state-of-the-art .
equipment is used .
all smiles : the duchess is the patron of helen & douglas house hospice which cares for terminally ill children .
very nice !
the duchess exchanges pleasantries with a well-wisher as she unveils the new portrait .
mr shand , the duchess of cornwall 's younger brother , died in a freak accident in new york last month .
the .
62-year-old conservationist and travel writer had been hosting a .
charity auction on behalf of elephant family at sotheby 's but slipped .
and struck his head on the pavement as he tried to re-enter the rose bar .
at the gramercy park hotel through a revolving door after going for a .
drink