by .
jason groves and peter campbell .
published : .
19:30 est , 3 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
02:34 est , 4 december 2012 .
outcry : starbucks is set to pay more tax in the uk after it was accused of acting ` immorally ' after it emerged that it has paid no corporation tax in 14 of the past 15 years .
starbucks is set to pay more tax in the uk following public outcry at its convoluted financial dealings .
the us-owned coffee chain was accused by mps of acting ` immorally ' after it emerged that it has paid no corporation tax in this country for 14 of the past 15 years .
the company , which enjoys a market share of 31 per cent , had a turnover of almost # 400million in britain last year -- but recorded no taxable profits .
the commons public accounts committee said it found the figures ` difficult to believe ' .
the chain is facing a boycott , which was backed yesterday by the treasury chief secretary danny alexander .
he and the chancellor have now announced plans for a # 10billion crackdown on tax-dodging by corporations and wealthy individuals .
on sunday starbucks confirmed it had opened talks with hm revenue and customs on its tax affairs , saying it ` needed to do more ' on tax in the uk .
yesterday it emerged that the company is preparing to change a controversial arrangement under which it sends 4.7 per cent of its turnover to the netherlands , where it enjoys a special low tax rate .
the move is expected to result in the firm recording taxable profits in this country .
starbucks declined to comment last night , but it is expected to make a detailed statement on the changes later this week .
the news emerged as the public accounts .
committee released a devastating report on hmrc 's handling of the tax .
affairs of major corporations .
` name and shame ' : the public accounts committee chairman margaret hodge called on ministers to reveal firms that were not paying their fair share and suggested that the government should back boycotts .
mps said starbucks and fellow major .
multinationals amazon and google have contributed to a # 32billion tax .
gap between the amount