by .
anna edwards .
published : .
08:57 est , 5 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:17 est , 5 august 2013 .
a bus driver was sucked from the vehicle 's window when he crashed into a truck - after reversing down a motorway because he missed a turning .
the horrific smash killed the truck driver , flung ten people from the bus and injured 23 .
a cctv video from inside the bus captured the scene , which shows the bus driver reversing back down the motorway outside jinhua , south of shanghai .
scroll down for video .
the bus driver began to reverse down a motorway after the driver missed an exit .
the bus is hit by a truck , flinging the passengers and drivers around the vehicle .
more than 20 people were injured in the crash , which happened after the driver missed his turn off .
the driver can be seen edging back when he is hit at speed by a truck , flinging him and passengers into the air .
the force of the collision shatters the windows and pushes the bus into a roll , causing debris and luggage to fly around as the passengers and driver tumble around .
the driver appears to be ` sucked ' from a side window on the bus , which reportedly slid 50m before eventually shuddering to a halt , ninemsn reported .
the video appears to show the passengers not wearing seatbelts before the smash , and peering out of the window as the vehicle reverses up the road , according to liveleak .
the driver slowly manoeuvres the vehicle back to try and reach the exit .
emergency services closed the fu ling exchange after the crash , prompting huge traffic delays .
the force of the rear-end collision smashed windows and pushed the bus into a roll .
the driver appears to be ` sucked ' out of the window as the bus slid 50m before stopping .
the truck driver was killed and ten passengers were flung from the bus in the motorway smash .
the horrific crash came days after a chinese woman miraculously survived a collision which saw her head smash through the windscreen and become wedged in the hole .
the unnamed woman was a passenger in the car when it