by .
mario ledwith .
published : .
14:42 est , 15 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
02:09 est , 17 december 2012 .
recovering : nelson mandela is recovering from an operation to remove gallstones , carried out in a private clinic in pretoria .
nelson mandela is recovering in hospital after having an operation to remove gallstones .
the 94-year-old , who was south africa 's first black president , underwent the surgery at a private clinic in pretoria .
he had previously been hospitalised last saturday , suffering from a lung infection .
south africans have been worried about .
mr mandela 's health since he was airlifted to the clinic from his home .
in qunu in the eastern cape .
while in hospital , tests revealed the .
presence of gallstones and it was decided the operation would be carried .
out after he had recovered .
a government statement said : ` this .
morning , 15 december 2012 , the former president underwent a procedure .
via endoscopy to have the gall stones removed .
the procedure was .
successful and -lrb- mr mandela -rrb- is recovering .
' gallstones are an accumulation of .
crystals in the gall bladder .
the condition can become life-threatening .
because of the risks of secondary infections such as pancreatitis .
mr madela 's wife previously caused concern when she said his trademark ` spirit and sparkle ' was waning .
graca machel told a south african television news channel that it was painful to see her 94-year-old husband ` fading .
' ' i mean , this spirit and this sparkle , you see that somehow it 's fading , ' she told enews central africa .
mr mandela 's grand-daughter ndileka told the same news channel that the anti-apartheid icon has come to accept his condition .
` he has come to accept that it 's part of growing old , and it 's part of humanity as such ' , she said .
` at some point you will dependent on someone else , he has come to embrace it ' .
scroll down for video .
smiling : mr mandela made his last public appearance alongside his wife graca machel at johannesburg 's soccer city stadium during the closing ceremony for the 2010 world cup .
the pair 's