by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
16:00 est , 23 august 2012 .
| .
updated : .
16:24 est , 23 august 2012 .
a man sentenced to life behind bars for the rape and murder of his wife in 1994 has walked out of prison after newly-analysed dna evidence has placed another man at the crime scene .
after 18 years in prison , john grega , 50 , left the southern state correctional facility in springfield , vermont on wednesday with bags of his belongings and an enormous grin .
the former nasa subcontractor , originally from long island , new york , embraced his overjoyed siblings and mother , who had earlier posted $ 75,000 bail for his release .
walking free : john grega walks out of the southern state correctional facility in springfield , vermont on wednesday after a judge vacated his life sentence and ordered a retrial .
' i always said i would walk out , ' grega told the brattleboro reformer as he hugged his family and his attorney , ian carleton .
' i never gave up .
i feel good .
' it comes nearly two decades after grega was convicted of raping and murdering his wife christine , .
31 , while they were on holiday at a west dover condominium with their .
two-year-old son .
his lawyers filed a motion last month to have his conviction thrown out in light of newly analysed dna evidence that appears to show someone else might have been involved in the brutal killing .
a hearing was set for friday but judge john wesley shocked the family when , on tuesday , he said grega should be freed immediately on bail .
relief : grega , who has been behind bars for 18 years , was embraced by his mother , siblings and attorney .
happiness : grega with his brother anthony grega and sister chrissy digiancinto .
he was freed after tests earlier this year found an unknown male 's dna on his wife 's murdered body .
it is the first time a conviction has been thrown out under a 2008 vermont law that allowed convicted .
felons to request dna testing that might not have been available at the .
time of their trials .
accused : grega , pictured in 1995 , was