by .
leesa smith .
elated nsw fans kicked off their long-awaited celebrations on saturday night as the waratahs beat new zealand 's canterbury crusaders with a last-minute penalty at anz stadium in front of their home crowd .
bernard foley scored the long-range three-point penalty to win the match 33-32 for the waratahs to take out the super rugby championships for the first time in 19 years .
it was a case of third time lucky for the blues , who have been losing finalists twice before .
just minutes after the final whistle , the thrilling win prompted fireworks to erupt over the opera house .
the final was an awesome treat for the almost 62,000 fans - a super rugby all-time record - and the biggest crowd for a nsw home game in more than a century .
the waratahs bask in the glory of snaring the first super rugby championship in 19 years .
waratah 's dave denis and aptain michael hooper raise the super rugby trophy at anz stadium .
israel folau -lrb- left -rrb- and ashley-cooper -lrb- centre -rrb- celebrate with their teammates after beating the crusaders at anz stadium .
there was complete disbelief from the crusaders players after they lost in the final seconds .
waratah jacques potgieter revels in the victory on saturday night .
blues fans were holding their breath as the waratahs were on the brink of a third painful finals defeat when the team squandered an early 14-point lead .
but foley 's 23-point contribution from a conversion and seven penalties and a two-try effort from veteran centre and man of the match adam ashley-cooper proved just enough to deny the seven-time champions from christchurch .
the crusaders paid the ultimate price for flanker richie mccaw 's ruck infringement which paved the way for foley to kick the winning goal with just seconds left on the clock .
the man of the moment - foley - said he had been working on his long kicks and gave it everything to get the ball between the posts from near the halfway line .
` you just step up and take responsibility when it occurs , ' he said .
` it 's a dream come true .
' ashley-cooper has waited 10 years and 125 games to snare his first finals victory .
` i 've waited a long