syrian expert elizabeth o'bagy , who was sacked after lying about having a phd , has apologised for misleading people .
a expert on syria whose work was quoted by senior politicians as they debated military action has finally admitted she that she lied over her degree and said sorry .
a week after she was sacked from her job as an analyst with the institute of war , elizabeth o'bagy has said that not only did she not earn a doctorate from georgetown university , but she never even attended the phd program there .
and the researcher , whose op-ed in the wall street journal was cited by secretary of state john kerry and senator john mccain in discussions over whether to launch a missile strike on syria , has apologised for her ` many mistakes ' and ` extremely poor judgement ' .
o'bagy , who was hired by the institute of war a year ago as a research analyst , wrote an opinion piece in the wsj on 30 august entitled on the front lines of syria 's civil war .
in the article she said rebels in syria were divided into distinct groups : moderate and extreme - a key point in the debate over whether to intervene in the war-torn country .
kerry and mccain agreed that syria was a secular state and hailed her op-ed as evidence that the rebels were not the jihadists that some were suggesting .
mccain even said her article was ` important ' .
however a week after the article was published it emerged that o'bagy was affiliated to the syrian emergency task force , a group that supports the removal of assad from power , and that she had connections with rebel groups in the country .
when it was subsequently discovered that o'bagy had not received a doctorate as she had claimed , she was fired from the institute of war , although her employers were still under the impression that she had attended the course and had simply not completed her disseration .
last night , however , the controversial analyst admitted that she had not even attended the phd program in georgetown at all .
secretary of state john kerry and senator john mccain both cited o'bagy 's op-ed on the syrian rebels .
she told the daily beast she was only enrolled in