from twitter abuse to derogatory comments on facebook and abusive posts on reddit , online bullying is a growing problem .
now a new survey has revealed that unpleasant and hurtful behaviour is becoming increasingly common in real life as well .
one woman who knows all too well how that feels is harnaam kaur , 23 , from slough in berkshire who has been growing a beard since the age of 16 .
scroll down for video .
standing up to bullies : harnaam kaur , 23 , appeared on this morning to talk about her experiences .
facial hair : ms kaur began growing a beard aged 16 after developing polycystic ovary syndrome .
she is one of the millions of british adults who have been bullied at some point in their lives , with most targeted about their appearance .
ms kaur , who is now an anti-bullying campaigner , appeared on itv 's this morning which commissioned the survey to discuss her experiences .
her problems began after she was diagnosed with polycystic ovary syndrome , a condition that causes excess hair growth .
as a result , the teaching assistant endured years of cruel taunts about her looks and spent thousands of pounds desperately trying to get rid of her beard .
but after converting to sikhism , a religion that forbids cutting hair , she decided to embrace her looks and allowed her beard to grow .
targeted : ms kaur , a teaching assistant , was bullied after developing facial hair due to her pcos .
brave : since becoming a sikh , she has embraced her facial hair and appeared in a photography exhibition .
hard : ms kaur initially spent thousands trying to get rid of her facial hair but has now embraced it .
pcos is a common condition affecting a woman 's ovaries , with three main features .
these are cysts developing in their ovaries , the ovaries not regularly releasing eggs , and high levels of male hormones - ` androgens ' .
the syndrome is associated with irregular hormone levels in the body , including insulin .
there is no cure for the condition , but medicine is available to treat symptoms such as excessive hair growth and fertility problems .
most women with the condition can get pregnant - but sometimes need a surgical procedure