the best in the world ?
for # 5.136 billion , the astronomical numbers from the latest tv deal , it would be easy to say that about the barclays premier league .
but is it really ` the best ' ?
at this moment , i have to say no .
we absolutely have the best football product in the business and that 's why the fight between tv companies to secure the rights was ferocious .
on the day the deal was announced , liverpool and tottenham conjured up a thrilling contest , advertising all that is good about the premier league , but , in terms of pure quality , i do n't think we can make the boast of being the best .
chelsea players celebrate with a pile-on after willian scored a late winner against everton on wednesday .
chris smalling is congratulated by his manchester united team-mates after scoring against burnley .
sergio aguero -lrb- right -rrb- turns to applaud the fans after scoring for manchester city against stoke city .
harry kane celebrates after scoring for tottenham hotspur against liverpool on tuesday night .
mario balotelli -lrb- centre -rrb- celebrates with his liverpool team-mates after scoring the winner against spurs .
with the money that has flooded in , our teams should be carrying all before them in europe .
in the not-too-distant future , some clubs will be in a position where they will not only be able to get into bidding wars with real madrid and barcelona but actually trump them .
at the minute , however , we do n't have the strength and depth of other leagues on the continent and the resumption of both european competitions next week brings that sharply into focus .
with the financial power english clubs have , we should be favourites to do a clean sweep .
the europa league , in particular , is something we should be stamping our presence all over .
that tournament gets criticised but i believe it is the real indicator of how strong a country 's league is .
england 's performance in the last 15 years has , frankly , been awful .
only liverpool -lrb- 2001 -rrb- and chelsea -lrb- 2013 -rrb- have lifted the trophy ; middlesbrough -lrb- 2006 -rrb- and fulham -lrb- 2010 -rrb- are the others who have contested the final