a roma gang accused of selling a newborn to a childless couple for # 6,500 and a car has told a french court that the child was ' a gift ' four roma men and women appeared in a marseille court today , accused of human trafficking and being involved in several similar ` baby sales ' .
six others are facing related charges in what prosecution documents described as ' a two thousands piece puzzle built around four births ' .
human trafficking : carmen and mike gorgan , pictured speaking to their lawyer in the courtroom of marseille 's criminal court today , are accused of paying a roma gang # 6,500 and a bmw for newborn baby boy tony .
at the centre of the scandal was ilie ionita , a 35-year-old romanian , and co-conspirators valeriu rosu , 42 , florian stan , 33 , and florin coman 25 .
all face up to 10 years in prison and fines equivalent to more than # 1million .
they deny the charges against them , saying the babies were ' a gift ' .
the only defendant not in court was fana moses , the 32-year-old mother of the baby boy called tony whom the gang sold .
in july 2013 , marseille detectives received an anonymous tip that a romanian woman had just given birth and had given the child to mike and carmen gorgan , aged 27 and 28 .
the four accused roma gang members deny the charges against them , saying the babies were ' a gift ' both were accused of ` complicity in human trafficking ' , but their lawyer , patrick gontart , insisted : ` they do not believe they have done anything wrong ' .
the roma gang was arrested as they prepared to board a flight from italy back to romania .
at first all denied that money or good had been exchanged , but it was quickly established that mr gorgan had handed over 9000 euros -lrb- # 6,565 -rrb- and the bmw to ionita .
mr gontart said : ` for a month and a half , carmen behaved like tony 's mother and was very well treated .
' he said the couple had ` fallen into the trap of many european couples .
these are good people who are now unhappy because their