tv presenter eamonn holmes sparked outrage today after an on-air outburst where he dismissed a report claiming one in two children had bullied - and called his co-host a ` wimp ' .
sky news sunrise host holmes , 52 , condemned an ofsted report which claimed that almost one half of all pupils suffered some degree of bullying at school .
reviewing the day 's national newspapers on the sunrise show at 7am , father-of-four eamonn slammed the findings as ` unbelievable ' .
bullying discussion : eamonn holmes and co-presenter charlotte hawkins fall out over the bullying statistics that show half of children have suffered .
he went on to call school bullying ` just life ' and ` growing up ' and mocked it as just ` someone sticking their tongue out ' .
horrified co-presenter charlotte hawkins , 37 , was clearly stunned by his remarks and told him : ` if someone feels bullied that means they are being bullied , surely ?
' .
but eamonn , who previously presented gmtv for 13 years , then turned on charlotte and replied : ` that 's why the world is in the state that it is , people like you just being wimpy about everything ' .
today furious anti-bullying campaigners and twitter users slammed eamonn as a ` bully ' himself .
lauren seager smith , of the anti-bullying alliance , based at the national children 's bureau , said : ` bullying is a serious issue that can have a devastating effect on the lives of children and young people .
` children and young people who experience bullying need to know they can speak out , that they will be heard , and that they will be taken seriously .
' claude knight , director of kidscape , .
said : ` it is so unfortunate that we should still be hearing comments .
such as , ` bullying is part of growing up ' .
` to say to children and young people that it is somehow ok for them to be subjected to bullying is totally unacceptable .
` we must remember that there are long-term effects for the targets , and indeed for the bullies .
` if we feed young people the myth .
overtly , or by messages of acceptance , that bullying is `` normal .