by .
steph cockroft .
the nation might have well been spoiled for choice over the past month when it comes to sporting competitions - but it 's unlikely any will have been played out in as much style as this one .
the chap olympiad , an eccentric athletic competition held this weekend in london , sees the nation 's most refined sportsmen and women take part in an array of police sporting events , while decked out in their best vintage costumes .
held every year since 2005 in bloomsbury 's bedford square , the light-hearted social sporting event .
is aimed at revisiting the fashions and pastimes of aspects of .
1920s to 1950s england .
competitors - who are ` awarded more points for maintaining immaculate trouser creases than crossing the finish line ' - take part in events such as umbrella jousting , the ` tug - ` o-hair ' event , the pipeathlon and iron board surfing , while donning stylish bowler hats , monocles and strings of pearls .
the pipeathlon event involved running several .
laps around the venue carrying a fully-lit pipe , while umbrella .
jousting saw competitors fighting off each other while seated in boris bikes .
the event is the creation of the chap magazine , a bi-monthly publication edited by gustav temple , which glorifies a dandyish .
way of life involving tweed , pipe smoking and fine facial hair .
gentlemen were seen kitted out in their finest pinstripe suits and boating hats , while women donned head feathers , a-line dresses and their brightest red lipstick to enjoy the occasion .
a man smokes a pipe while a woman looks through a monocle at the the chap olympiad , an eccentric sporting event held every year in bedford square , london .
a stylish woman enjoys food and drink at the chap olympiad .
the event is .
aimed at revisiting the fashions and pastimes of the polite aspects of .
1920s to 1950s england .
the gathering is the place for the most eccentrically and stylishly dressed sportsmen and sportswomen of the nation , as well as well-dressed spectators .
the event , billed as ' a celebration of athletic ineptitude and immaculate trouser creases ' , is the creation of the chap magazine , a bi-monthly publication edited by gustav temple .
the