a young father-to-be was crushed to death after a parking barrier swung into his car , just hours after he had told his family he was expecting his first child with his girlfriend .
will page , described as a ` car fanatic ' by his family , was driving out of an industrial estate in ilkeston in derbyshire when a parking barrier swung into the windscreen of his van , trapping him and crushing him to death .
the 22-year-old apprentice engineer had been repairing a car on the industrial estate when the accident happened on saturday .
his girlfriend rachael cross , and mother of their unborn child , described him as ` just amazing ' and said it was a ` dream ' for her partner to become a father .
will page had been celebrating with his family the news that his girlfriend rachael cross -lrb- left -rrb- was pregnant with their first child , when hours later the car enthusiast was crushed to death by a parking barrier .
just hours earlier on the previous day mr page had been celebrating with his family after he revealed that his 21-year-old girlfriend rachael cross was eight weeks pregnant with their first child .
she was due to have her first scan yesterday .
mr page 's father brian said : ` one minute he was telling everyone he was having a baby and over the moon - and the next this happened .
` he loved kids and being a father was everything he wanted .
everyone said he would have been a great dad .
' mr page frequently met up with other car fanatics at wyvern retail park in derby during the weekends .
on sunday evening about 90 cars took part in a procession past his derbyshire home and beeped their horns in his honour before gathering at the retail park , writing messages to put in lanterns and releasing them into the sky .
his father added : ` from front to back , the cars went on for two-and-a-half miles .
i stood outside and watched them all come past .
he would have been over the moon with that .
mr page was said to be looking forward to the birth of his first child with girlfriend rachael cross -lrb- right -rrb- .
flowers have been left at the industrial