a man who wore a t-shirt with offensive comments about the murders of pc fiona bone and pc nicola hughes on it just hours after they died has been sentenced to eight months in prison .
barry thew , 39 , who has a lengthy criminal record , wore a t-shirt with ` one less pig : perfect justice ' hand-written on it the same day the two women police officers were gunned down .
thew , of radcliffe , greater manchester , admitted a section 4a public order offence -lrb- displaying writing or other visible representation with intention of causing harassment , alarm or distress -rrb- and was sentenced at minshull street crown court today .
offensive : thew in the hand-written t-shirt , which reads ` one less pig .
perfect justice ' .
he was arrested in radcliffe town centre .
raw : just hours after the death of the two officers , thew wore this t-shirt saying ` kill a cop for fun.co.uk .
ha , haaa ' in the town centre .
he will serve eight months in prison .
he was jailed for four months and ordered to serve another four months , consecutively , after he .
admitted breaching a suspended sentence order imposed for an earlier .
offence of cannabis production .
the sentence , at manchester 's minshull street crown court , means he was jailed for a total of eight months .
he will likely serve only half of that in custody .
at about 2.15 pm on tuesday 18 september , less than three-and-a-half hours after police officers nicola hughes and fiona bone were shot dead , thew was seen wearing the offensive t-shirt in radcliffe town centre .
he was arrested and taken into custody .
thew , who has 29 sets of previous convictions for 77 offences since 1983 , appeared shaken as he was led away from the dock to serve his sentence .
judge peter lakin delivered long and damning sentencing remarks .
he said the deaths of pc bone and pc hughes had left their families distraught and caused upset to ` every level ' of greater manchester police and to the public as a whole .
he said : ` this , on any view , is a shocking case .
your response to the shocking events was to parade around in a