by .
carol driver .
holidaymakers have been warned to stay out of the water at nine popular beaches after heavy rain caused sewage to spill into the sea .
bathers have been told not to enter the sea below the high water mark - the area of sand reached during a high tide -- and signs have been erected warning of the dangers .
the sewage discharge affects nine beaches in thanet , kent , which relies heavily on summer tourism.they include : walpole bay , palm bay , botany bay , kingsgate bay , joss bay , stone bay , viking bay , louisa bay and dumpton gap .
scroll down for video .
partially closed : kingsgate bay , in thanet , kent , has been affected by the sewage spill .
bathers were still allowed to go on the rest of the beach which remained open to the public .
all of these beaches are popular with day-trippers and holidaymakers , particularly those who stay at the nearby seaside towns of margate , broadstairs and ramsgate .
the source of the sewage leak was being examined by staff from the environment agency , working with officials from southern water and thanet district council .
the leak was said to have been caused by the heavy rain which swept through the area on monday but a more detailed assessment was still taking place today .
warning : bathers have been told to keep out of the water in joss bay in kent due to the sewage leak .
the investigators were also trying to establish the impact on public bathing areas , hoping the overflow would break up .
a thanet council spokesman said : ` we are working with the environment agency to reduce the impact of the spillages as much as possible and water sample tests will be carried out in the areas affected today to assess the quality of the water .
southern water have contractors out clearing the waterline .
` the council is keen to reassure members of the public that other beaches across the district are fully open and will advise if the area affected extends to any other beaches .
' this latest incident follows a previous sewage discharge on may 21 this year and southern water is already under investigation by the environment agency .
it was also still