the dallas cowboys released defensive end michael sam from the practice squad tuesday , another setback as the nfl 's first ever openly gay player tries to make an active roster during the regular season for the first time .
sam spent seven weeks with the cowboys after signing to their practice squad on sept. 3 , four days after he was among the final cuts by the st. louis rams at the end of the preseason .
' i will take the lessons i learned here in dallas and continue to fight for an an opportunity to prove that i can play every sunday , ' the 24-year-old tweeted tuesday afternoon after a gracious acknowledgement of the news .
scroll down for video .
another heartbreak : michael sam , the first openly gay player drafted into the nfl , was cut from the dallas cowboys practice squad on tuesday .
he tweeted : .
' i want to thank the jones family and the entire cowboys organization for this opportunity , as well as my friends , family , teammates , and fans for their support .
' the rams drafted the former sec defensive player of the year from missouri late in the seventh round in may .
he was pick no. 249 out of 256 .
sam had three sacks in the preseason with st. louis playing mostly against second - and third-stringers .
the cowboys are among the league 's worst in sacks but have been getting solid production with a rotation in the front four of a defense exceeding expectations .
kiss seen ` round the world : sam shook up the pro sports community when he locked lips with his boyfriend vito cammisano on espn after being drafted by the rams .
dallas also has rookie second-round pick demarcus lawrence close to coming back after breaking his right foot in training camp .
he was placed on short-term injured reserve and will be eligible to play next week against arizona .
veteran defensive end anthony spencer has been getting stronger each week in his return from microfracture knee surgery that sidelined him all but one game last season .
the cowboys -lrb- 6-1 -rrb- , off to their best start since they were 12-1 in 2007 , are playing their second straight nfc east opponent at home , with washington -lrb- 2-5 -rrb-