despite delighting british taste buds for 52 years , it seems the creme egg recipe is n't sacrosanct to its new american owners .
they 've tinkered with the traditional formula by getting rid of the much-loved cadbury dairy milk shell and instead using what critics say is an inferior and nasty chocolate .
the swap has left a bitter taste in the mouths of creme egg fans , with many taking to kraft 's twitter feed and facebook page to express outrage .
cadbury has reportedly changed the shell of the creme egg , pictured , and is now using a standard cocoa mix rather than dairy milk .
` they taste really cheap and poor quality this year -- #refund , ' wrote one yesterday .
another complained : ` why oh why did you sell out to yanks ?
their sweeties are awful .
' and luke keenan asked the question on most people 's lips : ` why mess with the creme eggs ?
no need !
' kraft , which makes 200 million creme eggs a year , met each complaint with the same reply : ` our eggs still consist of the cadbury milk chocolate and yummy creme centre fundamentals they always have .
' the chicago-based company denied the new chocolate was a cheap substitute -- insisting it was virtually identical to cadbury dairy milk in that it was a blend of the same milk , cocoa and sugar .
however , analysis of the ingredients reveals there is less cocoa -- 14 per cent compared with 20 per cent in dairy milk -- so it is probably cheaper to make .
and the difference certainly has n't fooled consumers .
creme egg fan mark bardney blasted : ` it 's not the same chocolate recipe -- please stop lying to us !
' chocolate giant cadbury have downsized its boxes of creme eggs and are now selling them in packs of five .
previously , the chocolate treats were sold in boxes of six and making the boxes smaller has angered some chocolate fans .
many cadbury customers took to to twitter to complain about the reduction in creme eggs found in each box .
creme eggs have been part of british culture since 1963 , when they were introduced by cadbury as fry 's creme eggs .
the name was changed