nurses forced to work 12-hour shifts amid staff shortages are treated like ` slave labour ' , a union has claimed .
with a growing demand for nurses to work long hours , unison has called for more research into the effects of workers ' health .
at the union 's healthcare conference in liverpool this week , one member highlighted how staff at a hospital in staffordshire are expected to work six long days a week , totalling up to 78 hours a week .
jane smith told colleagues : ` the fact staff are so tired has a detrimental effect on patient care and -lrb- also -rrb- puts other staff at risk .
' nurses working 12-hour shifts amid staffing shortages in the nhs are treated like ` slave labour ' , one unison member has warned , as she called for more research into how longer working hours affect staff health .
she said she was aware of one nurse who had worked 11 consecutive long day shifts , the nursing times reported .
in a stretched nhs , longer shifts are now more common , offering a cost-effective strategy .
in the past the working day was divided into three , eight-hour shifts - the norm for nursing shifts for many years .
but , as in many other industries , a move towards two longer shifts per day is now more common .
the theory is the shift pattern offers greater cost effectiveness for the nhs , in the form of fewer handovers , deemed unproductive .
and for staff the change offers a better work-life balance , in the form of more days off , it has been argued .
but ms smith likened long shifts to ` slave labour ' , warning staff are falling sick due to exhaustion .
` the fact staff are so tired has a detrimental effect on patient care and not only compromises their own health but puts other staff at risk , ' she said .
` there is a case for saying there is a better way -lsb- of organising shift work -rsb- ' a motion calling for unison to investigate the health impact of long shifts on nurses was passed at the conference .
it comes as the royal college of nursing this week revealed , in their final report before next month 's general