by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
20:53 est , 19 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
02:54 est , 20 november 2012 .
speaking out : liverpool university vice-chancellor professor sir howard newby said the issue was an ` unintended consequence ' of the sector 's overhaul .
thousands of places at top universities were left unfilled this year as a result of the government 's higher education reforms , a leading academic said yesterday .
the 11,500 lost places were an ` unintended consequence ' of the overhaul of the sector , according to professor sir howard newby , vice-chancellor of liverpool university .
and he warned that the same situation could happen next year .
` one of the startling unintended .
consequences is that currently , this year , there are about 11,500 empty .
places in russell group universities , ' he said at the girls ' schools .
association conference .
he said the reasons for the empty .
places were the ` downward pressure ' on a-level grades that meant there .
were not so many students around to recruit , and there was ` some .
slacking of demand in certain subjects , mainly humanities and social .
sciences ' .
under the government 's higher .
education reforms , this year universities were free to recruit as many .
students with at least two as and a b at a-level as they wanted .
the russell group , which includes .
oxford and cambridge as well as other institutions such as warwick , .
durham , bristol and edinburgh , generally ask prospective students for .
higher grades , and are charging up to the maximum # 9,000 a year in fees .
speaking after the conference in .
liverpool last night , sir howard said that in general russell group .
universities had smaller allocations to recruit students with less than .
aab .
there were also fewer students achieving a grades at a-level , with fewer students applying for degree courses .
changes : under the government 's higher education reforms , this year universities were free to recruit as many students with at least two as and a b at a-level as they wanted .
next year , ministers have said that universities will be free to recruit as many students with an a