by .
becky evans .
published : .
11:52 est , 23 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
11:52 est , 23 november 2012 .
cruel : paul mccaw tried to smother his pet dog cheech before stabbing her 40 times .
a dog owner has been jailed for stabbing his staffordshire bull terrier to death , while his children slept upstairs .
the family pet cheech was left with at least 40 different wounds after paul mccaw , 27 , attacked her with a six-inch kitchen knife and then buried her in the back garden .
mccaw claimed the animal had been suffering excruciating pain in its back legs caused by a car accident eight years ago and he wanted to put her out of her misery and could afford to take her to the vets .
when the animal was missed by his children the following day , mccaw told them she had gone to ` doggy heaven ' .
when rspca inspectors turned up at his home after neighbours raised concerns , the father-of-three claimed he strangled the dog the previous day .
but cheech had actually suffered a ` terrible and violent death ' .
peter mitchell , prosecuting , told st helens magistrates ' court : ` he said that the dog collapsed in pain , so he took it into the back garden and he strangled it , taking about 20 minutes .
' mccaw , of newton-le-willows , merseyside , allowed inspectors to dig up the body but lied and told them it was buried in a field next to a cemetery .
when the rspca inspectors demanded to look in his back garden , he ` refused them access and became hostile ' .
they left and later returned with a police officer where they were able to dig for cheech under a patch of recently disturbed soil .
the ten-year-old dog was covered in multiple stab wounds and soaked in blood .
mr mitchell said that one of the wounds looked as if mccaw had attempted to ` slash its wrist ' .
she also had wounds to its head , chest and neck .
blood was also found on table legs inside the house , on a children 's toy box and dried blood on the remaining edge of a piece of lino that had been cut away