by .
helen pow and beth stebner .
published : .
21:21 est , 2 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:27 est , 3 january 2013 .
overdose : scott sterling , 32 , pictured , was found dead after an apparent overdose .
the son of billionaire los angeles clippers owner donald sterling , who was found dead in his malibu home on new year 's day , battled with type 1 diabetes , his family revealed wednesday .
scott sterling , 32 , was discovered dead at his beachfront home from a suspected ` drug overdose , ' authorities said .
in a statement , his father , donald sterling , 77 , a billionaire real estate mogul , and wife shelley released a statement thanking friends for sympathy , and saying their son was diabetic .
however , they did not indicate what role , if any , that may have played in his death .
` our son scott has fought a long and valiant battle against type 1 diabetes , ' the statement read .
` his death is a terrible tragedy , the effects of which will be felt forever by our family and all those who knew and loved him .
' the couple then asked for privacy following their son 's death .
detectives discovered the body of sterling , 32 , on new year 's day after they were called to his beachside apartment on pacific coast highway at around 11:29 p.m. to check on his welfare .
police are blaming his death on an apparent drug overdose , though an autopsy is scheduled for thursday to confirm the cause of death .
according to the los angeles times , .
sterling had not been seen for at least two days before his body was found alone at the lavish home , which property records show is one of thousands owned by his father .
crime scene : los angeles county sheriff 's officers were still investigating on wednesday at the malibu apartment , pictured , where sterling 's body was found .
sheriff 's department spokesman steve .
whitmore said it would be several weeks before a cause of death is .
determined , pending toxicology tests .
ktla.com .
reported that sterling had a drug problem and had been in and out of .
rehab .