turkish soldiers appear to have fired tear gas at citizens who were watching another day of bloody fighting in the besieged syrian border town of kobane .
scores of observers retreated from hillsides just a mile from the town - where the death toll in six weeks is said to have topped 800 - after military vehicles swept in earlier today in what turkey claimed was a bid to ensure their safety .
onlookers were seeing rubbing their eyes as canisters landed in between their vans and motorbikes on the rocky outcrop , which had afforded the best views of the fighting from a distance .
chased away : turkey fired tear gas on scores of observers who had gathered on a hillside near the border with the syrian town kobane .
wiping his eyes : it is not the first time the turkish military has chased away citizens from the hillside , around a mile from the fighting .
staying put : the rudaw news agency reported journalists retreated but citizens remained on the rocky outcrop as the military arrived .
according to the kurdish news agency rudaw , soldiers in military vehicles ordered the citizens and journalists to retreat to other hills further from kobane , which had a poorer view of the fighting .
while the journalists complied , some of the residents remained and had the gas fired on them in an attempt to make them disperse .
a military spokesman told rudaw the move was to ensure the onlookers ' safety , but did not elaborate any further .
it is not the first time turkey has tear-gassed citizens watching the bloody conflict in kobane .
clashes erupted earlier this month between armed turkish police and kurdish refugees as they tried to march back to the border and stage a protest about the conflict .
guards in body-armour and helmets used tear gas to drive a group of around 200 desperate demonstrators back behind turkish lines .
pinching his nose : the gas firing -lrb- pictured -rrb- appeared less severe than earlier this month , when kurdish protesters were forced back .
military : turkish army vehicles were seen on the hillside as in kobane , just a mile away , islamist extremists tried to seize a border gate .
leaving : the gas canisters landed between vans and motorbikes , with people reportedly retreating