a young woman has appeared in court today accused of helping her best friend to kill herself .
milly caller , 22 , is accused of assisting her best friend emma crossman to die , by providing her with the gas container she used to take her life earlier this year .
the 21-year-old 's body was found by police at the flat she shared with her boyfriend in sleaford , lincolnshire on january 15 .
tragedy : emergency services had rushed to property , but miss caller -lrb- left -rrb- , pictured with crossman , was pronounced dead at the scene .
friends : milly caller , 22 , is accused of assisting her best friend emma crossman to die , by providing her with the gas container she used to take her life earlier this year .
emergency services had rushed to the property , but miss caller was pronounced dead at the scene .
today , caller appeared at lincoln magistrates ' court to face one charge of assisting the suicide of another .
wearing a black jacket and black trousers , she spoke only to confirm her name and address during the short five minute hearing .
court date : milly caller , 22 , pictured leaving lincoln magistrates court today , faces one charge of assisting the suicide of another .
she spoke only to confirm her name and address during the short hearing .
bailed : caller , from sleaford , entered no plea and was given unconditional bail .
she was escorted from the building by a male friend before being whisked away from court by car .
caller , pictured right with miss crossman , is the second youngest person to be arrested and charged with the offence in britain .
she entered no plea and was given unconditional bail until her next appearance at lincoln crown court on october 30 .
caller , from sleaford , was escorted from the building by a male friend before being whisked away from court in a red audi a4 .
speaking after the charges were made earlier this year , a spokesperson for lincolnshire police said : ` following advice from the crown prosecution service , lincolnshire police have charged 22 year old milly caller from great hale with assisting the suicide of another .
home : miss crossman 's body was found by