by .
martha de lacey .
meeting an eligible young gentleman in a bar and taking him home with you probably wo n't pose , er , genealogical problems in countries with large populations ... but it might in iceland , where there is a population of just 320,000 and everyone is , ultimately , descended form the same family tree .
the threat of accidental incest was all-too real for three icelandic software designers who have created a smartphone app that aims to prevent exactly such sticky situations by informing people precisely how closely related they really are .
the online iselandingabok database - which helps icelanders to trace their family history - had already been set up by anti-virus software developer friðrik skúlason .
but now three designers from sad engineer studios have developed it to include an incest alarm , activated by ` bumping ' two phones together .
the new app advises that when you meet a stranger in a bar you ` bump your phones before you bump in bed ' the three developers of the book of icelanders app -lrb- which is available on android phones -rrb- are arnar freyr aðalsteinsson , hákon þrastar björnsson , and alexeander annas helgason .
they told digital trends that the app 's motto is : ` bump in the app before you bump in the bed .
' they said : ` we added a birthday calendar to make sure you do n't forget your relatives birthday .
the app even reminds you on the date , to guarantee you wo n't forget it .
the other big feature we introduced was the bump .
this feature enables users of the app to bump two phones together to instantly see how they are related .
` the `` incest prevention '' is a fun feature that the user can enable through the options menu which will notify him with both text and sound if the one he bumps with someone who is too related to him .
' one review of the app on google 's play store scored the software 4.5 / 5 and said : ` if i would have had this app last year i probably would n't have gone home with my cousin .
' ` the `` incest prevention '' is a fun .
feature that the user can enable through the