a striking photo taken by an environmental conservation group in queensland has gone viral .
the picture features a group of people with their heads buried in the sand to highlight the lack of action by the australian government on climate change .
the words ` townsville salutes the australian government for their achievements in combating climate change ' are printed alongside the image .
the image was taken on the strand beach in townsville , northern queensland , and has featured on a medley of sites around the world , including eminent american site buzzfeed .
activists gather before the picture is taken .
head co-ordinator of the nqcc said the image was arranged by production company cranky curlew .
wendy tubman -lrb- above -rrb- from the nqcc says coal mining is the biggest environmental threat facing australia .
taken on the strand beach in townsville , northern queensland , the picture has featured on a medley of sites around the world , including eminent american site buzzfeed , which titled an article on the image as ` the one picture that perfectly sums up world action on climate change ' .
the image was a collaboration between production team cranky curlew as well as the north queensland conservation council .
the nqcc organised a local climate change protest on sunday that coincided with the people 's climate march in new york - the largest climate protest in history - which attracted more than 300,000 people .
the co-ordinator of the nqcc wendy tubman told daily mail australia : ` we wanted to make a comment on the total lack of responsibility from the australian government .
they are acting like climate change is n't there .
' ms tubman explained that she wanted to reach as many people as possible with the image .
` we wanted to get this out to many people as possible .
` that 's the real advantage of internet based activism : once you 've seen it , you can share it with your own circles , and it can quickly grow to a much larger audience than a protest .
' the production company that took the photo - cranky curlew productions - used the protest on sunday as the basis for the photo .
` they had planned it all thoroughly beforehand , arranged for all the participants to take