by .
mail on sunday reporter .
published : .
20:36 est , 13 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
20:39 est , 13 april 2013 .
police are handing out on-the-spot tickets - for good behaviour .
officers in south manchester have started dishing out the tickets to children and teenagers they see behaving well on the neighbourhood 's streets .
the ` positive tickets ' have so far been given out when officers see youths using pedestrian crossings , putting their litter in the bin , riding their bike on the road instead of the pavement or using bike lights at night .
the scheme is currently being trialled around didsbury and chorlton - with the aim of encouraging good behaviour among youngsters .
so far around 20 tickets have been given out by police officers and pcsos , with plans to extend it to other areas if successful .
it is hoped vouchers for activities like the cinema , or to spend in shops , could be given out if a sponsor for the tickets can be found .
police are handing out on-the-spot tickets for good behaviour .
and the scheme has been welcomed .
mario culpeper , 21 , served a year in a young offenders ' institute for a violent street robbery and was well-known to police growing up in chorlton .
mario , who now lives in withington , said : ' i used to think badly of the police and think i was always getting picked on by them .
i think if they had done something like this scheme when i was younger it might have helped .
hopefully , it will change other peoples ' opinions of police .
'' but other teenagers were n't so impressed by the scheme .
ryan o'flaherty , 18 , from withington said : ' i have been stopped by the police a couple of times for no reason .
` when they do , you immediately think you 've done something wrong and are guilty .
` positive tickets ' can be given .
out to youths putting their .
litter in the bin .
` this idea might make people think about their actions and encourage good behaviour but maybe there are better ways they could do it , like going into schools .
'' callum woodworth , 16 ,