by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
04:33 est , 9 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
07:55 est , 9 october 2012 .
north korea today warned that mainland america is now within range of its missiles as it accused the u.s. of conspiring with south korea .
it comes after seoul announced that it has .
reached a deal with washington allowing it to nearly triple the .
range of its missiles to better cope with north korean nuclear threats .
north korea claims the move proves that the allies are plotting to invade the country - calling the deal a ` product of another conspiracy of the master and the stooge ' to ` ignite a war ' against the north .
warning : north korea , which displayed an array of missiles during a military parade in honour of the 100th birthday of the late north korean leader kim il-sung in pyongyang , claims it has missiles capable of reaching mainland america .
south korea , pictured displaying missiles with a maximum range of 180 kilometers during a parade marking the country 's armed forces day in seoul , has made a deal with the u.s. to nearly triple the range of its missiles .
in a statement carried by the official korean central news agency , a spokesman at the powerful national defence commission said the north would bolster its military preparedness .
he said : ` we do not hide ... the strategic rocket forces are keeping within the scope of strike not only the bases of the puppet forces and the us imperialist aggression forces ' bases in the inviolable land of korea but also japan , guam and the us mainland .
' south korea 's defence ministry said it has no official comment on the north 's statement but seoul and washington have repeatedly said they have no intention of attacking north korea .
north korean long-range rockets are believed to have a range of up to about 4,160 miles -lrb- 6,700 km -rrb- , putting parts of alaska within reach , according to south korea 's defence ministry .
but the north 's patchy record in test launches raises doubts about whether it is truly capable of an attack .
launch pad : the johns hopkins school of advanced international studies claims these structures represent gantry