draped in malaysian flags and carried by soldiers , the bodies of three of the mh17 victims , including the doomed plane 's chief steward , were brought back to kuala lumpur this morning .
malaysia airlines crew members , dressed smartly in their uniforms , wept as the coffin containing the remains of mohd ghafar abu bakar , 54 , was unloaded and carried to a waiting hearse by nine soldiers .
an urn containing the ashes of universiti malaysia sabah lecturer ng shi ing , 32 , also arrived in malaysia today , along with the body of a third victim - who has not been identified following a request by family members .
unhappy homecoming : soldiers from the royal malay regiment prepare for the repatriation of three victims of the mh17 plane crash in kuala lumpur today .
military honours : a coffin containing the remains of mh17 's chief steward , mohd ghafar abu bakar , is carried by soldiers after it was brought back to kuala lumpur international airport this morning .
all three were given full military honours for the repatriation ceremony , as were the 20 passengers and crew members brought back two days ago .
airline pilots and cabin crew joined family members for a minute 's silence in honour of the three victims , before the hearses were driven past the assembled crown en route to their final resting places .
malaysia 's deputy prime minister tan sri muhyiddin yassin and transport minister datuk seri liow tiong lai also attended the solemn procession after the bodies were flown home on a commerical jet from amsterdam , arriving at around 6.30 am , local time .
tears : malaysian airlines crew members , many of them colleagues of mr bakar cry during this morning 's handover ceremony .
in mourning : father-of-four mr bakar had been a popular steward , and many of his colleagues attended the repatriation ceremony today .
time to remember : malaysia airlines pilots take part in a minute 's silence in honour of the victims .
mr bakar 's coffin was then taken to ampang for burial , while ms ng 's ashes were taken to the xiao en bereavement centre in cheras .
the body of ms ng 's sister elisabeth ng lyeti , 33 , was brought back on friday , and the ashes