by .
mia de graaf for mailonline .
a bombed-out building left resembling a doll 's house after the front was ripped off by an israeli air strike has revealed the extent of the property damage in gaza city .
the image emerged as violence erupted on the west bank as israeli and hamas leaders struggle to negotiate a permanent ceasefire .
both nations are currently observing a five-day truce in gaza to allow indirect talks to continue in cairo , egypt .
however , palestinians today took to the streets in a violent outburst after israeli militants allegedly fired shots across the border .
scroll down for videos .
resembling a doll 's house : rooms are seen in a damaged home early morning in the shejaia neighborhood of gaza city during a temporary ceasefire between israel and hamas .
outburst : palestinians on the west bank threw themselves to the ground as israeli militants advanced to quell a violent uprising .
activists hurled stones at the soldiers after one ` shot across the border ' despite a ceasefire .
chaos : unarmed civilians ran up to military trucks armed with stones and slabs of concrete to throw at them .
anger : leaders claim to be ` making progress ' with talks but palestinians took to the streets with fake missiles .
masked activists hurled stones and slabs of concrete at the soldiers who fired tear gas and pellets .
an israeli military spokeswoman said ` we have no knowledge ' of the alleged cross-border shooting .
the outburst comes as palestinian officials meeting qatar revealed they are ` making progress ' with their negotiations .
the talks , taking place in egypt , are meant to secure a substantive end to the monthlong gaza war and draw up a roadmap for the coastal territory , which has been hard-hit in the fighting .
hamas is demanding the lifting of the blockade israel and egypt imposed after the militant group seized power in gaza in 2007 .
israel wants the entire territory to be disarmed .
ceasefire : the violence erupted as both nations observe a five-day ceasefire to hold talks in cairo , egypt .
demonstration : masked with hijabs , men found rubble from the bomb-hit streets to hurl at the border guards .
an elderly palestinian joined the younger faction to react against the `