by .
katy winter .
it 's always going to be a day to remember .
but one husband wanted to make sure his wedding day was one his new bride would never forget .
sean rajaee , from santa barbara , california , put together a five-minute dance routine - taking in his other half 's favourite songs .
the footage of the choreography , which some of the groomsmen had to learn via video tutorials , has been uploaded to youtube , where it 's been watched more than 666,000 times .
scroll down for video .
the enthusiastic groom -lrb- c -rrb- and seven groomsmen shake it on the dance floor to beyonce 's crazy in love .
the group put on dark sunglasses to re-enact signature boy band moves to backstreet boys ' ' i want it that way ' sean gets up close to his new bride to sing passionately to her as the watching guest cheer him on .
kicking off with crazy in love , sean and his groomsmen can be seen in the video taking to the dance floor , where they shake their moves to a montage of tracks as the bride sits on a chair .
the watching guests erupt into cheers when the first notes of beyonce 's song are played , and sean and his seven good-humoured friends break into a -lrb- nearly -rrb- perfectly synchronised ` booty shake ' .
as the music moves on to bootylicious , it becomes clear that while the dancing may not be quite professional standards , the performance is a touching labour of love .
performed with some serious enthusiasm , the men don shades to serenade the bride , with a song by her favourite band , backstreet boys ' ballard i want it that way .
in a nod to sean 's persian ancestry the group dance to a persian pop song wearing comical mustaches .
an impressive mexican wave draws cheers from the surprised audience .
sean and his overwhelmed bride share a tender kiss at the end of the montage to bruno mars ' marry you .
the performance ends - with shrieks from the audience - with bruno mars ' marry you .
sean , an orthopedic surgery resident at cedar sinai hospital in los angeles , presents a rose to his overwhelmed bride , ariana