celebrity journalist kevin sessums descended into the depths of his own drug and sex-crazed addictions after heady years of inhabiting the world of hollywood stars and writing about it .
he interviewed courtney love while she was nude in her own bathtub .
while waiting for her to come downstairs , he had discovered a tiny box on a buddhist shrine in her living room containing kurt cobain 's pubic hair .
anna nicole smith flew by him smelling like vomit after exiting the ladies room and returning to a pulp fiction party at chasen 's .
while daniel radcliffe confessed to the author that he had always been a ` fag hag ' .
scroll down for video .
the naked truth : celebrity journalist kevin sessums interviewed courtney love while she was nude in her own bathtub .
he discovered a tiny box on a buddhist shrine in her living room containing kurt cobain 's pubic hair .
passages : while kevin did n't interview oprah , the talk queen called kevin in february 2012 to tell him she had read his first book , mississippi sissy and she was going to read parts of it to sidney poitier .
name game : sessums asked oscar winner jared leto and his brother shannon if they 'd be adverse to being called queer because ` some of his straight friends have begun to define themselves as queer without it being a sexual term but a cultural one .
' ' i do n't think we 'd care at all , ' jared responded .
` we certainly identify with people who are different ' revelation : sessums interviewed multi-talented actor alan cumming for dot429 in which the broadway star told the journalist he was bisexual as well as being married to his sweetheart , grant shaffer .
hugh jackman wished he had been around in the 1970s to experience the mattress room at plato 's retreat in nyc because he loved the ` idea of animalistic chaos and following our desires ... ' ` my favorite play i studied in drama school was the bacchae .
it 's about king pentheus , who gets eaten alive by all the women in a kind of orgy ' , jackman revealed .
from the heights of celebrity society , sessums was thrust further into his own addictions while listening to intimate