by .
mario ledwith .
his leading role on the great british break bake off sees him beamed into millions of homes on a weekly basis .
but even the most devoted of paul hollywood 's fans might find the sight of him a little overbearing if he ends up as the face of a line of underwear .
for the 47-year-old has applied to trademark his name for an array of products , including baseball hats , travel mugs -- even underwear -- as he attempts to join the celebrity chef elite .
joining the celebrity chef elite : paul hollywood has applied to trademark his name on a variety of products including cooking equipment and underwear .
despite his high-profile split with his wife alexandra earlier this year , the application lodged last month suggests hollywood is seeking to take advantage of his television profile .
the trademark was made through his company paul hollywood limited .
hollywood has already sought to capitalise on the popularity of the bbc2 programme and was given a spin-off , paul hollywood 's bread , by the corporation .
his personal website was also relaunched last week , selling his two cookery books , how to bake and the accompanying book to his bbc2 show .
before the split : paul hollywood , chef and wife alexandra hollywood at the ` skyfall ' royal world film premiere after party , london .
if the application is successful his .
name will be protected should he wish to use it on freezers and kettles .
a range of clothing is covered by the application , including waistcoats .
and footwear .
hollywood has sought trademark protection under nine classes , including fan clubs , barbecues and computer programs .
ancient hume limited , a brand protection company which represents mr hollywood , and yellow poppy , his agency , did not comment .
in a high-profile split , the celebrity baker left his wife of 15 years in march and was later rumoured to have started a relationship with his 35-year-old co-host marcela valladolid on the american version of the bakery competition .
hollywood 's estranged wife alexandra later revealed that she is divorcing him on the grounds of his adultery , which he is not contesting .
she said : ` i felt very secure with paul .
i trusted him completely