by .
charlie scott .
holland midfielder wesley sneijder is literally fighting fit for the start of the world cup after enlisting the help of kickboxer gokhan saki to get him into shape .
the dutch maestro was given permission by his club galatasaray and national team coach louis van gaal to train with saki in istanbul , where he is based during the domestic season .
and the results have been remarkable , with holland 's physios in disbelief at sneijder 's high level of fitness when the national side got together at the end of may .
trainer : gokhan saki -lrb- left -rrb- poses with dutch star wesley sneijder in istanbul .
going dutch : sneijder -lrb- right -rrb- claims he is fighting fit and ready for the 2014 world cup .
` thanks to him , i got back to my optimal weight , like when i was 22 , ' said sneijder .
` in terms of footwork and agility , i am back to my old level .
` it was explosive training , ' said sneijder .
` it has made me more explosive over the first few metres .
i feel that i have benefited from it .
` however , i have not got fit just through the workouts -lsb- with saki -rsb- .
i also played a lot of matches after the winter break .
' when van gaal began his second spell in charge of holland in 2012 he took the captain 's armband from sneijder and gave it to robin van persie .
careful : the dutch maestro is tackled nigel de jong during a holland training session .
and last year the 29-year-old was dropped by van gaal , prompting serious doubts over whether he would be recalled for this summer 's tournament .
` with hindsight i can see that van gaal was right , ' agreed sneijder .
` i was not working enough .
my level had gone down .
' earlier this month van gaal welcomed sneijder 's return to fitness but added , ` he must prove that he can again be the superb player he was in 2010 .
' the galatasaray midfielder won further praise from van gaal during their training camp in portugal last week .
prepared : louis van gaal gave sneijder permission to train with saki in