manchester united and real madrid are going head-to-head for the signature of athletic bilbao 's central defender aymeric laporte .
the 20-year-old france under 21 international has been on united 's radar for the past couple of seasons - with their well-documented defensive problems yet to be solved .
but with pepe getting older and sergio ramos debating a new contract , madrid have made the first steps to taking him to the bernabeu .
real madrid and manchester united are both interested in signing athletic bilbao defender aymeric laporte .
laporte has been on united 's radar for the past couple of seasons as they look to bolster their defence .
20-year-old central defender -lrb- right -rrb- has a buyout clause of # 31.5 million at the basque club .
age : 20 .
position : central defender .
club : athletic bilbao .
appearances : 79 .
transfer value : buyout clause of # 31.5 m .
the deal wo n't be cheap though with bilbao refusing to negotiate and typically pointing to his buyout clause of # 31.5 m plus the vat .
laporte has potential and is a great athlete but is still a little raw .
another option for madrid is inigo martinez at sociedad .
david moyes ' side are keen on madrid 's former sociedad midfielder aser illarramendi and a deal could be done in the summer unless he opts to go abroad .
elsewhere , united have been warned they may have to break the world record fee for a defender after also enquiring about paris saint-germain defender marquinhos .
united stumbled through a 0-0 draw at cambridge united in the fa cup fourth round on friday which left more questions about the strength of their squad and their defence continues to look fragile .
they have sounded out the french champions ahead of a possible summer move for the stylish marquinhos .
manager louis van gaal has drawn up a list of potential targets and the brazilian is among those names , however , they have been warned the defender wo n't come cheap .
paris saint-germain centre-back marquinhos has been linked with a move away from the french champions .
the 20-year-old central defender joined psg 18 months ago from roma in a # 23.4 million deal but has found himself playing at right-back to accommodate the arrival of david