by .
mark duell .
parts of britain are today basking in sunshine with temperatures set to hit 21c and people flocking outdoors for a bank holiday barbecue .
the best sunshine is in the east from london up to lincoln , although outbreaks of rain are expected to arrive from the west this evening .
the high temperatures compare with 18 or 19c in some of the northern and coastal areas of greece .
but the rest of the uk is cooler and unsettled in some areas with northern ireland failing to .
reach double figures and outbreaks of rain in scotland .
figures from asda and waitrose suggest the sunshine has inspired a wave of impromptu barbecues , with both reporting spikes in sales .
lovely weather : catalina -lrb- left -rrb- , nine , and kadie , five , play amongst the bluebells at witton country park in blackburn , lancashire .
beautiful day : marigold wood , of winchester , hampshire , enjoys the sunshine and the stunning flowers at mottisfont abbey , near southampton .
having fun : freya burgess , five , plays in fields of dandelion seed heads in shepton mallet , somerset .
picture postcard : people enjoy a walk in the bluebells on bank holiday monday at rannerdale near buttermere in cumbria .
messy : revellers throw fresh raspberries and powder paint in an event marking the return of kopparberg raspberry , at vibe bar in brick lane , east london .
simply red : participants pose together after the paint throwing event in brick lane , east london .
weather : the best sunshine is in the east from london up to lincoln , although outbreaks of rain from the west to the east are expected to arrive this evening .
but be warned if you 're heading for the woods , because zoologists say the mild and damp conditions have provided the perfect breeding ground for ticks .
bristol university zoology professor richard wall found up to 300 of the blood-sucking parasites living in 10 sq ft of urban park land in the city .
meanwhile , supermarkets are reporting increases in sales of barbecue meats and picnic food such as cocktail sausages , pork pies and scotch eggs .
steve peppiatt , branch manager at the waitrose store in twyford , berkshire , said : ` may bank