john carver looks set to remain in caretaker charge of newcastle united for their next two matches as he bids to win the head coach role - and his cause has been boosted by the return of tim krul .
the goalkeeper took part in a behind-closed-doors match with celtic on thursday having recovered from the ankle injury which has kept him sidelined since november .
and carver , whose side travel to chelsea on saturday , said : ` it 'll be huge to have him back .
tim krul 's -lrb- left -rrb- return to action on thursday will come as a huge boost to newcastle united boss john carver .
the holland international watches the flight of the ball during a behind-closed-doors friendly against celtic .
krul has been sidelined since november after suffering an ankle injury .
` he 's been fantastic for this football club and i know that it will give everybody a boost .
` it will certainly give me a boost and the fans as well .
` he is a leader and we need leaders at chelsea .
newcastle manager carver watches on during a training session on friday .
ryan taylor also stepped up his recovery from injury as he looks for a imminent return to first-team action .
moussa sissoko -lrb- left -rrb- and siem de jong -lrb- right -rrb- in action during a newcastle training session on thursday .
` he is taking part in a behind closed doors game against celtic .
we are going to give him 45 minutes and if he 's come through he will play at the weekend .
' meanwhile , carver has been told to prepare the team for the game at chelsea and the following weekend 's visit of southampton .
and alan pardew 's former assistant says he is enjoying the challenge , despite the criticism in the wake of last saturday 's fa cup defeat at leicester city .
papiss cisse scored twice when newcastle beat chelsea 2-1 back at the start of december .
carver had to front up to the fans after newcastle 's disappointing fa cup exit to leicester city .
` i am sitting here and ok , it has n't been a great few days , but i am enjoying it , it 's something i love and want to do , '