a parking space has been put on the market for a record-breaking # 300,000 - almost twice the price of the average uk home .
the spot in london 's exclusive hyde park gardens measures just 11ft x 12ft , but its price tag is almost double the # 162,000 paid for the average house sold in england and wales last month .
estate agents kay & co , who last year sold two nearby parking spaces for # 250,000 each , said several people had already expressed an interest in snapping up the six-figure spot .
eye-watering : the 11ft x 21ft parking space in london 's exclusive hyde park gardens , seen left in an aerial shot and right , is on the market for # 300,000 .
the agent said parking spaces are in hot demand in hyde park gardens , where houses cost up to # 15million .
its buyer will be paying # 1,299 per square foot for the privilege of owning a central space in westminster .
exclusive : the parking space in the millionaires ' enclave costs almost twice as much as the average uk home .
the 231 sq ft parking spot , which is .
being sold with a 91-year lease , costs # 500 more than a nearby studio .
flat sold by the agent last week .
hyde park gardens ' residents pockets may be deep enough to splash out # 300,000 on a parking space without breaking a sweat .
but mere mortals might prefer to spend the six-figure sum on something a little more spacious - a five bedroom home in leeds , perhaps .
an executive five bedroom property in rothwell complete with gardens , driveway and a detached garage is on the market for the same price as the tiny central london space .
buyers with # 300,000 to spend could also snap up a luxury apartment in the orion building in birmingham city centre , or a two bedroom apartment in a stone-fronted period building in clifton , one of the most desirable areas of bristol .
in london , the same figure could pay for a three bedroom terraced house in canning town , a three bedroom flat in shepherds bush , or a studio flat in the city within walking distance of chancery lane .
it costs more than a rolls-royce ,