by .
kerry mcqueeney .
published : .
09:39 est , 14 march 2012 .
| .
updated : .
12:49 est , 14 march 2012 .
many people are subjected to their neighbours ' noisy attempts at diy .
however , most of us might only have to endure it on the weekends or on bank holidays .
so spare a thought for the residents in this london road whose lives were made a misery for ten years while their noisy neighbour built a microlight plane and a boat - in his one-bedroom flat .
mad mechanic david cameron - who shares his name with the prime minister - transformed the block of flats he lived at in exclusive west kensington into his own personal workshop for a decade .
scroll down to see what mr cameron 's neighbours experienced !
... his own personal workshop : huge chunks of cameron 's contraptions were built in his flat then taken outside and assembled .
the end of their tether : neighbours said they had enough of him operating heavy machinery , tinkering with engines and sawing and hacking at wood on the doorstep of their apartment block .
first he built his own full-sized .
microlight - fitted with a cockpit and propellers - at the property and .
then spent two years constructing his own 12ft by 10ft speed boat .
now the housing association tenant is to be evicted from his home .
huge chunks of cameron 's contraptions were built in his flat then taken outside and assembled .
however .
both were dismantled when neighbours complained to housing association .
chiefs - about the incessant banging , crashing , sawing and .
angle-grinding which has gone on for a decade .
neighbours said they had reached the .
end of their tether with him operating heavy machinery , tinkering with .
engines and sawing and hacking at wood on the doorstep of their .
apartment block .
on one occasion cameron was caught single-handedly lowering a 12ft metal girder from his bedroom window on a piece of old rope .
on .
another occasion he was filmed with sparks flying on to the street as .
he recklessly operated an angle grinder on his front garden wall .
housing bosses confirmed they had lost patience with cameron and were giving him the boot .
mad