sam twiston-davies says rocky creek is in flying form as it emerged that the crabbie 's grand national hopeful could have been given a big advantage by the handicapper .
trained by paul nicholls , rocky creek -- last seen when impressively winning the betbright chase at kempton in february -- was among 74 horses after the latest forfeit stage for the aintree showpiece on april 11 .
lord windermere , the 2014 cheltenham gold cup winner trained by jim culloty , heads the weights on 11st 10lb , but rocky creek could have 9lb in hand .
sam twiston-davies rides rocky creek to victory in the betbright chase day at kempton .
twiston-davies poses with his ride and trainer paul nicholls -lrb- right -rrb- after winning at kempton .
twiston-davies schooled the nine-year-old at nicholls ' ditcheat base on monday as preparations stepped up a gear , while shutthefrontdoor -- the 8-1 ante-post favourite -- was put through his paces at southwell under ap mccoy .
while public sentiment will be with mccoy for the big race , phil smith , the bha 's head of handicapping , warns that dangers to shutthefrontdoor lurk all around , not least from rocky creek , who is available at 12-1 .
champions jockey ap mccoy exercises ante-post favourite shutthefrontdoor at southwell .
smith said : ` rocky creek was very impressive when he won at kempton .
if i was framing the weights now , i 'd have him 9lb higher .
i 'd also have the druids nephew -lrb- a winner at the cheltenham festival -rrb- 10lb higher .
' rocky creek will be one of six bullets that nicholls aims at the # 1million race , which he won in 2012 with neptune collonges , and the horse has been trained with aintree in mind -- he finished fifth 12 months ago to pineau de re .
twiston-davies added of the gelding , who has run only three times this season : ` fingers crossed , the horse seems to be in good order .
hopefully he 'll get there in one piece .
i schooled him and he was very good .
he did it well at kempton and let 's hope he 's ahead of the handicapper .
twiston-davies believes rocky road has a good chance of winning the big race at aintree .
` when he