fall : 21-year-old cameron smook fell off the carnival glory cruise ship sunday near the bahamas .
he was a senior at virginia tech university .
a virginia tech student 's spring break cruise of the bahamas turned dark this weekend when he fell off the ship and disappeared in the tropical waters .
engineering student cameron smook was caught on cameras falling off the carnival glory ship sunday morning and he has n't been seen since .
his family from glen allen , virginia authorized the university to release his name on wednesday , and said he was on the cruise with a group of friends .
the u.s. coast guard spent three days searching for smook near great abaco island in the bahamas , but suspended the search tuesday evening .
on tuesday , virginia tech confirmed smook attends the school , which is currently on spring break until march 15 .
he was in his senior year , studying mining and minerals engineering in the school 's college of engineering , and was scheduled to graduate this spring .
smook 's parents say he had already accepted a job offer and ` was looking forward to a very bright future ' .
carnival spokesman vance gulliksen says no foul play is suspected in smook 's disappearance .
scroll down for video .
on camera : the cruise line was able to confirm that smook fell off the ship with security footage .
above a picture of the carnival glory at port in miami last year .
group trip : smook pictured on the right with two friends in a photo posted to facebook in august 2014 .
his parents say he boarded the carnival glory in miami on saturday with several friends .
no sign : the u.s. coast guard suspended their search for smook near great abaco island in the bahamas on tuesday .
the miami-based carnival glory departed saturday on a seven-day caribbean cruise .
on sunday , carnival informed smook 's family that he was missing at sea on the first leg of the journey .
the ship was diverted back to the spot where it 's believed smook went missing , and helped search the area with other boats and the coast guard , including fellow carnival ship ecstasy .
both ships have since been released from search duty and have continued with