by .
katherine faulkner .
published : .
18:30 est , 12 august 2012 .
| .
updated : .
04:22 est , 13 august 2012 .
they are some of fashion 's best known names .
but the appearance of kate moss and naomi campbell provoked an instant twitter backlash last night .
there was also ridicule on twitter at the inclusion of supermodel moss -- who has been involved in controversies involving her alleged cocaine abuse - and was branded an ` overpaid drug abusing model ' .
controversial : the appearance of kate moss and naomi campbell provoked an instant twitter backlash last night .
history : both supermodels have been involved in controversies over the years .
star-studded : kate moss -lrb- 4th left , front -rrb- , naomi campbell -lrb- 4th right -rrb- , lily cole -lrb- l -rrb- , alessandra ambrosio -lrb- centre-rear -rrb- , jourdan dunn -lrb- 3rd right -rrb- karen elson -lrb- 2nd left , rear -rrb- , georgia may jagger -lrb- 2nd right -rrb- , david gandy -lrb- right -rrb- and stella tennant -lrb- 2nd left front -rrb- .
and the simultaneous entry of always .
controversial campbell - known for hurling mobile phones - prompted .
raised eyebrows , too in a ceremony supposedly celebrating the olympic .
ideal .
piers morgan wrote on twitter : ` i suspect kate moss might fail her drugs test later .
' jojo .
mayes wrote : ` naomi campbell : gold medal in phone throwing ' , while .
charles arthur wrote : ` kate moss !
who represents the olympic ideals of .
not doing drugs , or smoking , and achieving lots .
work with me here .
glittering gold : the models all strutted around on the stage , reminiscent of a catwalk .
nine british supermodels including naomi campbell and kate moss wearing bespoke creations by iconic british fashion designers .
centre stage : some twitter users said that the inclusion of the supermodels was the ` antidote ' to recent positive olympic coverage of women .
one .
twitter user , rob hearn , added : ` what 's great about the olympics is .
that it 's about people of substance rather than vacuous celebri - oh , .
never mind ' alex .
rushmer said : ` after two weeks of seeing the most positive