the courier firm city link broke the law when it went bust over christmas -- but it can only be fined a maximum of # 5,000 .
mps investigating the collapse say today it ` is clearly in the financial interest of a company to break the law ' .
a report also said firms were incentivised to ` ignore the statutory redundancy consultation period , if the fine for doing so is less than the cost of continuing to trade , especially since this fine will anyway be paid by the taxpayer ' .
scroll down for video .
courier firm city link broke the law over job cuts when it went bust over christmas , but can only be fined a maximum of # 5,000 .
file photo .
the redundancy payments service can fine firms up to # 5,000 if they fail to register a consultation , but the financial benefit to firms of trading on regardless can be significantly higher than this fine .
the report published today by parliament 's scottish affairs and business , innovation and skills committees probed the failure of city link .
some 2,586 workers lost their jobs , with many hearing about the impending collapse on christmas day .
when a company intends to make more than 100 staff redundant there is a statutory period for consultation of 45 days .
this did not happen in the case of city link , owned by better capital and run by private equity tycoon jon moulton .
ian davidson mp , chairman of the joint committee , said ignoring the consultation period had a high human cost that appears not to have featured in the decision making process at city link .
ian davidson mp -lrb- pictured -rrb- said ignoring the consultation period had a high human cost .
` employees were denied a reasonable notice period in which to seek alternative employment ' , he said .
` the system provides perverse incentives to withhold information or to skip proper consultation processes in contravention of the law and at a high cost to workers struggling to cope with the loss of their livelihoods .
' moulton , who bought the troubled firm for # 1 in 2013 , insisted he had tried to save the company but failed .
city link faced fierce competition from bigger rivals dhl and fedex and