despite boasting world-class players james rodriguez and radamel falcao , monaco 's average gate last season was 8,906 -- fewer than mk dons in league one .
rodriguez , the leading scorer at this summer 's world cup , has since escaped the empty spaces of the principality with a # 65million move to real madrid .
and if falcao has his way , he 'll be next .
despite the trappings of monaco -- hot sunshine , low tax , you get the picture -- he finds it soul-destroying to perform in front of meagre crowds , even when finishing runners-up in the french league to paris st germain .
fed up : radamel falcao is seeking a move away from monaco as he grows tired of life in france .
in action : falcao returned from injury recently to face arsenal in a pre-season game at the emirates .
embrace : the forward hugs fellow south american alexis sanchez ahead of the game .
liverpool are reported to be keen and with super-agent jorge mendes directing operations and brendan rodgers still needing to fill the space vacated by luis suarez with a genuine a-lister , it could add up .
certainly , falcao has the quality and goals to be a hit at anfield .
importantly , he also possesses the physical strength to succeed in the premer league .
for him , hearing a rendition of you 'll never walk alone from thousands of koppites will be a marked contrast to the wide gaps he encounters at the stade louis ii .
until a year ago , as monaco was best known for being the launchpad of arsene wenger 's career .
the frenchman even persuaded glenn hoddle to join him .
last year , a new high-roller tried to recapture the magic .
russian billionaire dmitry rybolovlev , owner of monaco , went on a huge spending spree and landed rodriguez and joao moutinho from porto for # 60million .
then he gazumped manchester city and chelsea to capture falcao for # 50million after the colombian striker scored 32 goals in la liga for atletico madrid .
but now the dream has turned sour for the 28-year-old striker who is getting to the age now where trophies are more important than an already-healthy bank balance .
moved on : his former monaco team-mate james rodriguez signed