by .
jill reilly .
a mother accused of smothering her three disabled children at her london home has been ` sectioned ' and sent to a secure hospital for treatment .
tania clarence , 42 , looked pale and fragile as she appeared via video-link at the old bailey , accused of killing her three-year-old twin sons , ben and max , and four year-old daughter , olivia , at their home .
wearing black jeans and a black zip-up fleece jumper , her voice shook with emotion as she confirmed her name in a thick south african accent at hmp bronzefield in surrey .
scroll down for video .
gary clarence arriving at the old bailey this morning .
his wife tania clarence , 42 , appeared via video-link and was remanded to a secure hospital under the mental health act .
mr clarence , 43 , an investment banker , was supported by friends as he sat in the public gallery during the bail hearing .
her investment banker husband , gary , 43 , wore a black suit and open-collar shirt and was supported by friends as he sat in the public gallery during the bail hearing .
mrs clarence is accused of three counts of murdering a child aged over one year old between april 20 and april 23 this year .
all three youngsters suffered from type 2 spinal muscular atrophy .
appearance : tania clarence being led into wimbledon magistrates court under a coat last week .
pictured : tania clarence inside the prison van last week .
today she was remanded to a secure hospital which can not be identified .
also known as floppy baby syndrome , the genetic condition leaves children with little control of their movements and can drastically shorten life expectancy .
police were called to the family 's five-bedroom home in thetford road in the wealthy south west london suburb of new malden at 9.30 pm last tuesday night where they discovered the bodies .
mrs clarence was treated for cuts at st george 's hospital in tooting , south london , and later arrested .
mr clarence with his three-year-old twin sons , ben and max .
police were called to the family 's five-bedroom home in thetford road in the wealthy south west london suburb of new malden at 9.30 pm last tuesday night where