for most dogs , a trip to the vet is a rare outing reserved for rescuing swallowed socks and trapped paws .
but one animal has grown more than accustomed to the inside of a waiting room , after seeking medical treatment 100 times in just three years .
alancier the newfoundland has spent an astonishing 210 hours in the care of vets in bodmin , cornwall .
alancier the newfoundland has spent more than 200 hours in vets ' care .
the dog suffers a range of health problems including urinary infections , skin allergies and has a leg deformity .
while owner pam withe thought the dog was clumsy as a puppy , she has spent hundreds of hours and thousands of pounds ensuring her health over three years .
from elbow infections and leg deformities to allergies to medicine , the animal has wracked up almost # 15,000 in treatment bills with her range of ailments .
` alancier is so used to being in medical care that when the vet calls her name at reception , she immediately rushes over and knows it 's her turn , ' said owner pam withe .
` if we were n't insured we could n't afford to keep her with all the vet bills , ' the 60-year-old added .
when first brought home , mrs withe and her husband , david , put her injuries down to being accident prone .
among alancier 's health problems is a skin allergy which causes blisters on her paws -lrb- bandaged , above -rrb- .
the animal was born with elbow dysplasia , giving her an ` odd ' walk and causing her to have bone-shortening surgery as a pupypy .
five-stone alancier has spent so much time visiting vets she now runs to be seen when her name is called .
among her health problems is a skin allergy which causes the dog to break out in blisters occasionally .
feeling better : alancier with other pets in mrs withe 's home .
minstrel , a spaniel , -lrb- centre -rrb- is in good health while learbhead , also a newfoundland , died recently of natural causes .
soon her health problems began to stack up , with the dog almost unable to walk because of a joint problem .
` when alancier was a pup we thought she was