thomas eric duncan , the man who has been publicly identified as having the first diagnosed case of ebola in the united states , was reportedly a passenger on both brussels airlines and united airlines flights before his arrival at dallas/forth worth international airport .
details of duncan 's 28-hour trip from western africa emerged wednesday .
he flew on two airlines , took three flights , and had lengthy airport layovers before reaching texas on sept. 20 .
duncan left monrovia , liberia , on sept. 19 aboard a brussels airlines jet to the belgian capital , according to a belgian official .
a request for comment to the airline from mailonline was not immediately answered .
united airlines said in a wednesday statement ` the united states centers for disease control and prevention -lrb- cdc -rrb- has informed us that the patient said he flew part of his trip on united .
' scroll down for video .
passenger : thomas eric duncan was reportedly on two united airlines flights before he was admitted to a dallas hospital .
` while the cdc states it is unnecessary for it or the airline to contact others who were on the patient 's flights , united is providing information about the flights united believes the patient took , based on information provided by the cdc , ' the airline also said .
` we are ensuring our employees have this information and suggest that any customers who have concerns contact the experts at the cdc for further information .
' the airline 's statement said it believed the man was on board flight 951 from brussels , belgium to washington dulles international airport in virginia , and later was a passenger on flight 822 , which went from washington dulles to dallas/fort worth international airport .
the first reported case of ebola in the united states is spooking airline investors and raising the prospect that some frightened travelers might stay home despite repeated reassurances from public-health experts .
flight plan : thomas eric duncan reportedly arrived in dallas after flying on two airlines and taking three flights .
still , federal officials say other passengers on the flights are at no risk of infection because the man had no symptoms at the time of his trip .
according to the centers for disease control and prevention , duncan sought medical