a vast camp for migrants in calais will open this morning , sparking fears it will attract hundreds more to the french town .
it will offer beds , showers , food and even power points to charge phones for the 2,500 migrants trying to reach britain from the port .
the jules ferry camp was built on a former children 's summer camp using a # 3million eu grant which would include cash that ultimately comes from british taxpayers .
` new sangatte ' : the jules ferry camp , built on the site of a former children 's summer camp , will offer beds , showers , food and power points to charge phones for the 2,500 migrants trying to reach britain from calais .
it sits right next to the calais port , where hundreds of illegals try to board lorries each day in the hope of remaining undetected until reaching britain .
critics of the centre have compared it to the notorious sangatte camp which became a magnet for thousands of migrants before it was closed down in 2002 .
michael ellis , a tory mp who sits on the home affairs committee , said : ` it is bonkers for the calais authorities to do anything which encourages migrants to come to their city , it 'll only create problems for us next .
' philip davies , another conservative mp , said : ` this will do nothing to stem the tide of illegal immigrants coming into the uk .
` it will clearly lead to even more risking their lives to get here and it is therefore outrageous that this is being partly funded by british taxpayers .
meanwhile a third tory , philip hollobone , described the plans as ` madness ' and condemned the french authorities for providing the migrants ` with a comfortable base from which to launch their clandestine attempts to break into britain ' .
repurposed : the camp was built on the site of a former children 's summer camp using a # 3million eu grant which would include cash that ultimately comes from british taxpayers .
well appointed : the camp includes three football pitches and a tennis court over its 12-acre site .
the new permanent day centre is spread over about 12 acres of parkland and comes with three football pitches and a tennis