by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
04:42 est , 15 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:51 est , 15 august 2013 .
a tiny kitten has been nursed back to health after climbing into a washing machine and surviving a 50-minute cycle at 50c .
poppet , the miracle moggy , came out in the wash after hiding in the laundry when owner laura gilhome 's back was turned .
after clambering in among the dirty washing , the seven-week-old found herself stuck in a full cycle , rendering her little body unconscious .
lucky poppet is back in the arms of six-year-old megan gilholme at home in audenshaw , greater manchester after surviving a 50 minute washing cycle at 50 degrees .
a neighbour gave poppet mouth to mouth to help revive her after she fell unconscious in the washing machine .
ms gilholme , 27 , of audenshaw , greater manchester said she only discovered the plight of her miracle moggy when the wash finished and she opened the machine doors .
she said : ' i was halfway through putting in a load and she must have jumped into the machine without me knowing .
' i only realised what had happened when the wash had finished and i 'd opened the door .
` she was unconscious and my neighbour tried to do mouth to mouth but then we rushed her to the vets .
` there was no response from her and we really thought she had died .
' miracle moggy poppet has failed to learn her lesson - moments after arriving home with owners laura and megan gilholme , the cheeky kitten jumped straight back in the machine .
but vet john gunn , in nearby denton , managed to revive poppet 's limp body and helped nurse her back to health .
and despite being reunited with ms gilholme and her six-year-old daughter megan , the mischievous kitten showed she has not learned her lesson , jumping straight back into the washer-dryer when she made it home .
ms gilholme said : ' i really thought that was it and did n't think she would survive .
john really did save her life .
' ` the first thing she did when she got home was jump straight into the dryer so we know she 's