the first laboratory chimpanzees from a south louisiana research centre have got a taste of the great outdoors after they were ` retired ' to a national sanctuary .
nine chimps were taken from university of louisiana at lafayette 's new iberia research center and have been given a sprawling home in the ` chimp haven ' sanctuary in keithville .
and as these photos show , the chimps were thrilled - if a little nervous - about their new home .
scroll down for video .
hold tight !
a mother chimp holds a piece of lettuce in her mouth as she carries her baby at chimp haven in keithville .
all mine !
a hungry chimp gathers food .
it is one of the first of 111 chimpanzees coming to the national sanctuary for chimpanzees .
getting to know their new home : chimps use sticks to poke into a mock termite mound to taste a sweet substance .
the curious creatures munched on fruit and explored their new home , larking about in the sunshine and wandering around their wild habitat .
the research centre , which no longer has an nih chimp research contract , is expected to deliver seven more tomorrow and a further 95 will make their way to the outdoor haven in the following months , according to yahoo .
the huge research centre , which has .
' 6,000 non-human primates representing eight species ' studies and tests .
chimps for ` research aimed at promoting human quality of life .
' excited to be outside .
cheeky chimp .
hatching a plan .
play with me !
a baby chimp rolls around in the grass as the chimps get to know their new home .
the nih proposal calls for major cuts in grants to study chimps in laboratories .
on its website it says that it .
` specializes in the breeding , management , and importation of a diverse .
range of nonhuman primate species ' .
the laboratory ` offers a broad range of .
diagnostic , laboratory , and human resources for the development and .
characterization of nonhuman primate models for applied and basic .
research .
a national institutes of health committee is recommending that all but about 50 of the agency 's hundreds of research chimpanzees should be retired to the outdoor sanctuary ,