anti-terror police are set to arrest up to 12 british associates of islamic state executioner jihadi john , it has been reported .
british and american authorities say they know the identity of the hostage killer - and are set to reveal it within days .
the executioner is one of four british jihadis known as the ` beatles ' holding hostages in syria .
scroll down for video .
british and american authorities say they know the identity of the hostage killer ` jihadi john ' - and are set to reveal it within days .
they are now in a race against .
time to save the life of british hostage david haines .
sources told the mirror that anti-terror experts from the uk and u.s. know the identity of three of them and are tracking down the group .
an fbi team flown into britian last month is now closing in on 12 suspects in the uk , who are believed to have provided money , contacts and helped jihadi john travel to syria .
an american source told the paper the ` hardened terrorists ' include several from the west midlands who are already known to uk security services .
they said : ` we are 99.9 % certain now as to who ` john ' is but investigators have had to tread softly in charting and approaching his wider network in the uk .
` familiar names of what can only be described as hardened extremists with a jihadi background have cropped up in this investigation .
' american journalist james foley was the first to be beheaded by the masked executioner .
he is one of four british jihadis holding hostages in syria known as the ` beatles ' gruesome footage of the execution of fellow american hostage steven sotloff was released last week .
the source said the identity of the executioners would most likely be revealed officially within the coming days .
gruesome footage showing the beheading of american journalist james foley was released last month by the islamic state , followed by a video of the execution of fellow american hostage steven sotloff last week .
authorities are now in a race against time to save the life of british hostage , aid worker david haines , who the masked jihadi has revealed is next for execution .
it comes after