borussia dortmund coach jurgen klopp said he had no plans to jump ship after his side dropped down to last place in the bundesliga following their 2-0 defeat by eintracht frankfurt on sunday .
it is the first time since 2007-8 that dortmund , bundesliga champions in 2011 and both league and german cup winners in 2012 , have been in bottom place but klopp , who also led the club to the champions league final only 18 months ago , said they were ready to pick themselves up again .
asked if he had any thoughts of leaving , klopp told sky sports : ' i can understand journalists thinking about something like that but there is no such trend -lrb- within the club -rrb- .
i see myself as being responsible .
' video scroll down for sportsmail 's big match stats : frankfurt 2-0 borussia dortmund .
dortmund coach juergen klopp comforts pierre-emerick aubameyang after his side 's loss to frankfurt .
frankfurt 's alexander meier celebrates after scoring in the fifth minute against borussia dortmund .
frankfurt 's haris seferovic -lrb- left -rrb- makes it 2-0 in the 78th minute to consign dortmund to another loss .
` if it is only about luck and a change in coach can bring that , then call me up and i will make way .
`` but as long as nobody comes and says ` we have someone who makes it better ' then i can not go .
i am not in the way but i can not go before there is a better solution .
this is a big responsibility and i accept it .
'' dortmund , who have already qualified for the champions league knockout stage , have now lost eight of their 13 league games this season .
the borussia dortmund team face their supporters following their 2-0 away loss to frankfurt .
with a leaky defence , a lack of goals and a string of injuries , including marco reus and defenders mats hummels and sokratis papastathopoulos , dortmund have won just one of their last 10 bundesliga games and have accumulated only 11 points .
` we wanted dramatically to improve our situation today but we did not do it , ' said klopp .
` but we will keep on working at it .
' eintracht pounced on a dortmund