train travellers are not being told about their right to compensation -- despite as many as four in ten suffering a delay on their last journey .
passengers held up for more than an hour are entitled to a full refund .
but up to eight in ten put through the misery of a long delay are not given this information , research by which ?
found .
the poll of 7,300 travellers paints a picture of unreliable and dirty trains , particularly on commuter routes into london .
others heading to gatwick and luton airports , where punctuality is vital to making flights , are also being let down .
train travellers are not being told about their right to compensation , pictured commuters waiting for trains at liverpool street station .
the consumer group rated train companies for their reliability , punctuality , value for money and cleanliness to come up with an overall score for customer satisfaction .
its findings come at a time when customers are being hit with punishing ticket price rises -- which have risen well above inflation .
thameslink & great northern , which operates services from the home counties into london , came out worst in the country with an overall customer satisfaction score of 43 per cent .
it scored badly on cleanliness , punctuality and availability of seating .
southeastern , which also runs services through kent and sussex into the capital , did little better with a score of 44 per cent .
third worst was southern , with a satisfaction score of just 46 per cent .
which ?
said : ` southern was the worst for delays with four in ten saying they were held up the last time they travelled .
' the company was recently shamed after it emerged that its 7.29 am brighton to london victoria service failed to arrive on time once in 2014 .
a survey found that 33 per cent of customers for south west trains were told about their right to a full refund .
but despite southern 's appalling record on punctuality , the survey found that just two in ten customers delayed for an hour were told about their right to a full refund .
and many other companies were not much better -- the figure was 27 per cent for first great western , 31 per cent