by .
daniel martin .
published : .
19:39 est , 24 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:40 est , 24 november 2013 .
mps have given themselves an extra week 's holiday next year - because of the scottish independence referendum .
the house of commons authorities announced that mps would sit for just 145 days in 2014 , although a few more friday sittings will be added once decisions have been made .
but the total will be a week less than this year , because they will give themselves time off around 18 september , when the referendum is held .
the change has occurred because the lib dems , who would normally hold their party conference in the third week of september , had to move their gathering so as not to clash with the vote .
time off : the house of commons authorities announced that mps would sit for just 145 days in 2014 .
their conference will now be held in october next year , necessitating a week off at westminster .
but the week off which usually happens in september will not be scrapped .
taking into account bank holidays and annual leave , most people work around 224 days in a year - around 15 weeks more than mps will be expected to at westminster .
the move to change the parliamentary timetable for the referendum has been blasted by critics .
they point out it will affect the hundreds of english , welsh and northern irish mps who have no interest in the scottish question .
robert oxley , of the taxpayers ' alliance , said : ` cutting the number of days parliament is sitting further undermines the ability of mps to hold the government and ministers to account .
' the sitting dates for 2014 were .
announced by lib dem tom brake .
it 's because his party has moved its .
autumn conference to accommodate the independence vote that mps look set .
to spend even fewer days in westminster next year .
the .
lib dems were due to have their glasgow get-together before the .
referendum but switched it to october to avoid a clash .
but instead of .
moving the customary ` conference recess ' back a week , it 's been .
extended .
allowances : mps will