alex comley fell ill during a family holiday to the sonesta beach resort in egypt .
a holidaymaker has launched legal action after his family getaway to egypt turned into a nightmare when he contracted salmonella .
what 's more , when he returned to the uk , alex comley 's illness was allegedly deemed so severe he was unable to return to work as a pilot for easyjet .
comley , 33 , from bracknell , berks , booked a 10-day break to sonesta beach resort in sharm el sheikh , egypt in july with tour operator thomson holidays with his wife louise , 36 , and two-year-old son sebastian .
however , the all-inclusive trip , which cost nearly # 2,000 , was ruined only four days after they arrived when alex was struck down by the bug at their four-star resort .
he claims his illness became so serious that after returning home he needed medical treatment and was unable to return to work for easyjet for more than a month .
he said : ` we were all very excited about the trip abroad as it was the first family holiday since my son sebastian was born .
` we had planned on doing so many ` firsts ' and really wanted sebastian to have a wonderful time on his holiday and enjoy spending some real quality time together as a family .
however the holiday turned into a nightmare .
' on the fourth day he woke up with crippling stomach pains and was in agony for the rest of the holiday , suffering with vomiting and diarrhoea .
' i have never been so unwell .
i could n't be away from the toilet for any extended periods as i was so ill so i was basically trapped in a hotel room for nearly the entire time .
' i had only eaten in the hotel as it was an all-inclusive holiday , so i must have eaten something there to cause the problems .
' the sonesta beach resort in sharm el sheikh , egypt is a four-star resort , but alex comley believes his holiday there caused him severe illness .
an appointment with the doctor on his return home apparently confirmed that he had contracted a serious strain of salmonella food poisoning and could n't return to his job for more