by .
mark duell and james salmon .
published : .
07:58 est , 11 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:38 est , 11 february 2013 .
barclays ' shareholders could have been misled over a # 3billion investment by the owner of manchester city f.c. , it was alleged today .
the bank said in 2008 that sheikh mansour had agreed to invest the money , which helped it avoid a taxpayer bailout - but , in fact , the money came from abu dhabi 's government .
sheikh mansour was said to be providing half of a # 7billion input , but bbc panorama found that barclays was told the investor might change shortly before shareholders backed the deal .
investment : sheikh mansour was said to be providing half of a # 7billion input , but bbc panorama found that barclays was told the investor might change shortly before shareholders backed the deal .
the bank allegedly decided to remain silent until this change was confirmed a few hours later .
it claimed to have later provided ` appropriate disclosure ' in three prospectuses released the next day .
but this was allegedly buried in the small print , and still referred to ` his investment ' in respect of sheikh mansour , despite knowing he was not in fact investing in the bank , reported bbc panorama .
he was still referred to as the investor in the 2008 and 2009 annual reports .
barclays claimed this was a ` drafting error ' and the prospectus information was ` appropriate in all the circumstances ' .
a barclays spokesman said : ` we have repeatedly demonstrated to panorama why the allegations which they plan to make in their programme are completely unjustified .
` barclays is satisfied that the steps taken to disclose the change in ownership of the companies which were investing in the bank in 2008 were entirely appropriate .
the change in ownership of the investing companies had no bearing on the transaction or required approvals .
' sheikh mansour has an estimated wealth of around # 20billion .
the investment happened at a time of global economic meltdown , when rbs and lloyds tsb had to ask the government for a bailout .
changes : barclays boss antony jenkins is to scrap the company 's tax avoidance unit in