a man who murdered a mother and daughter in their own home by bludgeoning them with a hammer and repeatedly stabbing them with scissors will spend at least 32 years behind bars .
lesley jonathon cameron was jailed for life on tuesday for the horrific december 2013 murder of maureen anne horstman , 67 , and her 26-year-old daughter tamara alexandra horstman in broad daylight at their warwick home , in perth , wa .
cameron , who was 19 and at the time , also raped tamara but it is not known if she was alive or dead .
a used condom with dna evidence was found after the incident , the west australian supreme court heard .
maureen anne horstman -lrb- left -rrb- , 67 , and her 26-year-old daughter tamara alexandra horstman -lrb- right -rrb- were bludgeoned with a hammer and stabbed to death with scissors in their own home in december 2013 .
prosecutor james mactaggart said cameron 's behaviour was ` sadistic ' and he went on a ` killing spree ' .
` it 's violence for violence 's sake , ' he said .
mr mactaggart said while it may have started out as a burglary , cameron was aroused and then ` sexually violated ' tamara .
the court heard cameron first entered tamara 's bedroom where he hit her over the head twice before going into maureen 's bedroom and striking her once to the head .
he then returned to tamara 's bedroom and raped her .
lesley jonathon cameron has been jailed for a minimum of 32 years for the horrific crime .
he described himself at the time as a ` walking time bomb ' cameron 's lawyer dominic brunello said it was an unplanned and chaotic attack and cameron panicked .
mr brunello said his client had a troubled childhood and was ` drug-addled ' at the time but was now sorry .
` he makes no excuses for his conduct , ' mr brunello said .
the court heard cameron described himself at the time as a ` walking time bomb ' and that he told police he had taken ice and speed .
justice eric heenan noted cameron had a criminal record that was ` virtually without interruption ' since he was 10 years old .
in a victim impact statement , tamara 's twin