by .
ruth styles .
published : .
09:19 est , 20 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:19 est , 20 august 2013 .
from wonderfully detailed portraits to striking marimekko style designs , artist yulia brodskaya 's work might look like the result of careful work with a paintbrush but in this instance , appearances are deceptive .
instead , brodskaya 's intricate creations are made using a technique called ` quilling ' , which involves using strips of paper that have been rolled and then twisted into shape .
` it takes a couple of days to make the simple designs and a few weeks for more elaborate and complicated pieces such as the portraits , ' reveals the russian artist .
colourful : this cheerful image , featuring a stag , the sea and a forest , is reminiscent of marimekko prints .
incredible : yulia 's wonderful work looks like was created with oil paint rather than strips of paper .
with a background in origami and a degree in graphic communication , quilling was n't in brodskaya 's early plans but she says that when she finally discovered it , it was love at first try .
' i started to use it about five years ago , ' she explains .
' i was planning to create a small brochure with my hand-drawn illustrations to be sent out to potential clients and i was looking for an eye-catching image with my name -lrb- yulia -rrb- for the cover .
' i created a number of hand-drawn variants , but i did n't like any of them and then i remembered an image from some school book showing a paper strips standing on edge and tried to make the letters using this technique .
` the attempt was successful and over the next couple months i switched to quilling completely .
' quilling itself dates back to the renaissance when it was used by monks and nuns in france and italy to decorate book covers .
intricate : a close-up of gypsy -lrb- bottom -rrb- shows off the amazing detail artists working with quilling can achieve .
striking : tiny details such as the man leading the horse and cart are picked out clearly in this creation .
delicate : this lovely image offers a bouquet of blooms reinterpreted through yulia 's