paul scholes said england should try and copy liverpool 's system , but the difference with liverpool is they always have short passing options in midfield .
on friday night in the first half there was too big a gap between steven gerrard , jordan henderson and the front four .
if you have two midfielders sitting then you need five or 10-yard passing options in front of them to move the ball quickly .
video scroll down to watch gerrard talk about sturridge 's ` magical ' goal .
leading by example : england captain steven gerrard has a shot on goal during the friendly against peru .
no holding back : england 's jordan henderson -lrb- right -rrb- battles for the ball with peru 's andre carrillo .
gerrard sat deep , as his touch map below shows , but henderson did not bomb forward as often as he does for his club .
there were moments of quality -- daniel sturridge 's goal was outstanding -- and things improved in the second half but there were too many straight , long passes .
england looked much better when there were more short options .
get the full backs flying .
if england want to play wide midfielders that cut inside , then it 's vital leighton baines and glen johnson get further forward to provide numbers higher up .
without an overlap it 's easy for opposition defenders to stick with their man and crowd out attacks .
the full backs need to give that width quickly , and roy will hope that baines stays fighting fit for brazil .
flying down the wing : england full-backs glen johnson -lrb- left -rrb- and leighton baines need to get further forward .
england have now won their last seven friendlies before a major tournament .
the shape of things to come ?
the side roy hodgson went with on friday night could well be the team that ends up starting against italy in manaus .
in my experience , managers tend to pick their first xi in the first warm-up match and then use the rest of the squad in the later friendly games .
often they then revert to that first side for the tournament opener .
it happened in 1998 and again in 2002 .
if roy follows suit , do n't be surprised if the