by .
kieran corcoran .
kitten killer : robert cashmore , 21 , punched five-week old bobby the kitten , leaving him unable to eat for days while he starved to death .
an unemployed cleaner killed a kitten by punching it repeatedly in the face , the leaving it for days to starve to death , a court heard .
robert cashmore , 21 , broke the jaw of the defencless animal , called bobby , leaving it unable to eat , birmingham magistrates court was told .
the injury left the five-week old pet unable to eat , leading to its slow , painful starvation , magistrates heard .
cashmore also admitted poking another kitten in the eye while it was in his care last year , magistrates found .
the drive cleaner , from edgbaston in birmingham , was convicted of two counts of causing unnecessary suffering to the animals .
he admitted the charges , accepting that he had failed to find medical help for the animals , but had denied he attacked bobby .
however , magistrates found that he did , in fact , attack the kitten .
a woman , cashmore 's former partner charlotte coombes , 18 , was also convicted of causing unnecessary suffering to bobby .
at the hearing , cashmore was told by the bench : ` your evidence was not credible .
we find as a matter of fact you did punch him -lrb- bobby -rrb- four times .
you are guilty of causing unnecessary suffering .
' giving evidence in his defence , cashmore initially claimed bobby had been injured after falling on to a pair of hair clippers .
yet in an interview with an rspca officer he said he had stepped on bobby , before finally admitting that he punched the kitten .
killed : rspca investigators produced this image of bobby the kitten after he died .
suffering : cashmore , left at birmingham magistrates ' court , admitted casuing unnecessary suffering to two cats .
charlotte coombes , 18 , a former partner of cashmore , admitted one count .
asked why he changed his account under cross examination , cashmore said : ' i only said what i said because i had not been accused of anything like this before .
i just wanted to get the rspca agent out of my