the family of brain-dead teen jahi mcmath have released videos which they say prove she 's still alive .
in the two clips released on friday , the 13-year-old is seen lying in her bed at a new jersey hospital , moving on command .
in one clip , her mother , nailah winkfield , asks her to move her leg and the girl 's foot jerks in reaction .
in the other clip , her mother asks her to move her arm , and the girl 's hand grips an object before relaxing .
mcmath 's family have been fighting with the state of california ever since december , when the girl was declared brain-dead following a routine tonsil surgery at ucsf benioff children 's hospital in oakland , california .
scroll down for video .
sign of life ?
the family of brain-dead teen jahi mcmath claim she 's still alive , and have released video showing her moving on command .
in the above screen grabs , the 13-year-old 's foot is seen moving , after her mother , nailah winkfield , asks her to move her leg .
tragic : jahi mcmath , 13 , was declared brain dead last december following a routine tonsil surgery at a san francisco , california hospital .
hold tight : in another video clip released by jahi 's family , the 13-year-old is seen gripping an object after being asked by her mother .
at the time , three doctors agreed she was legally dead and applied to turn off her life support machine .
but mcmath 's family refused to accept the prognosis and eventually won an injunction preventing the hospital from switching off the ventilator , and transferred the teen to a undisclosed facility in new jersey willing to keep her alive .
now they 're petitioning the court to reverse the death certificate , using the videos as evidence of jahi 's life .
' i always knew cause i 'm her mother , and i talk to jahi , she responds so i said , `` she ca n't be brain-dead if she 's responding , '' ' her mother , winkfield , said at a friday press conference .
keeping her alive : the family won an injunction preventing the hospital switching off life support and agreed a ` protocol ' with them in