pedialyte , an electrolyte packed drink for dehydrated babies , may also be a cure for hungover adults .
regardless of whether or not the drink is an effective cure , chicago college and graduate students swear by the drink and have begun demanding it at their local stores , the daily news reported .
pedialyte is so popular in chicago that a delivery app called foxtrot may add pedialyte to their menu after receiving numerous requests .
this poor hungover girl may need to grab a bottle of pedialyte .
pediatricians # 1 electrolyte formula is chicago student 's # 1 hangover cure .
pedialyte sales have remained static over the years but recently sales have skyrocketed .
whether or not the drinks popularity is parallel with its use as a hangover remedy is unclear .
it sure seems that way , though .
grid chicago reported that , figures from market research firm iri show that pedialyte sales surged 16 % in august compared to the same month in 2012 .
some adults compare pedialyte to gatororade but without all the added sugar .
musician jason isbell toll the new york times magazine , ` it 's like 10 gatorades in a bottle .
' chicago students wanting to recover from partying are starting to demand that their local bodega carry pedialyte .
whether or not pedialyte actually works as a hangover cure is still up for debate .
a group of chinese researchers at sun yat-sen university in guangzhou say that sprite is actually the best hangover cure .
doctors do n't see eye to eye with chicago students .
the daily news reports that stanley goldfarb , a professor at the university of pennsylvania 's perelman school of medicine , told slate that pedialyte wont work to stop a hangover .
` there 's nothing you can do to remove the alcohol byproducts , ' dr.perelman said .
` they have to be metabolized by your liver , which takes time .
there 's no evidence that anything is better than waiting , ` he continued .
the drink 's website section listed ` pedialyte to the rescue ' says the drink is pediatricians # 1 oral electrolyte solution .
representatives from abbot laboratories who make pedialyte refuse to comment on the use of the product as a hangover aid .