by .
jaymi mccann .
published : .
15:17 est , 15 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:17 est , 15 february 2013 .
a student has taken an oxford university college to court , claiming it discriminates against poorer students .
damien shannon , 26 , said he was unable to accept a place at the university 's st hugh 's college because he could n't prove he had # 12,900 for his living costs .
mr shannon , from salford , believes the college 's admissions .
policy discriminates against students who are unable to cover the ` excessive ' living costs .
mr shannon believes that st hugh 's college 's financial expectations are unreasonable for poorer students .
he is suing the college , claiming that the admission policy breached his ` right of access to education ' under article 2 protocol 1 of the human rights act .
he claims that his place on the year-long msc course in economic and social history course was withdrawn due to the ` arbitrary figure ' set by the college .
manchester county heard how mr shannon , originally from mansfield , nottinghamshire , already had # 9,000 in place to cover his tuition fees when he completed his application for the 2012/13 course last january .
he believes that st hugh 's have come up with an ` arbitrary ' figure designed for an excessive lifestyle .
he could not raise the # 12,900 required to cover his living costs for a year .
peter oldham qc , for the college , told the court that mr shannon had been aware when he made the application of the need to meet the financial guarantee and he 'd indicated he would be able to obtain the necessary funding .
he said : ` there is no indication at this stage of mr shannon raising any issue with the living expenses being sought .
` there were practical difficulties in getting the money together which were not to do with mr shannon 's socio-economic status .
' mr shannon claims the college 's estimation of living costs include whether students have enough funds to dine in its restaurant , socialise and buy clothes and he would be able live on less money while supporting himself with part-time work .
mr oldham said that mr shannon believes