by .
simon jones .
frank lampard will play for manchester city 's australian a-league side melbourne city next season , ahead of his move to major league soccer franchise new york city fc .
lampard will join david villa for the start of the a-league season in october before the pair move to the mls next march , when new york city will begin to play .
lampard 's chelsea contract officially expired on monday and he has now agreed his long-rumoured move to new york , via australia .
video scroll down to watch schwarzer drop the hint that lampard will move to australia .
hot property : lampard has attracted offers from all over but is off to america - via australia .
having ended his 13-year association with the blues , lampard is thought to be reluctant to join another premier league club despite receiving offers .
he scored 211 goals for the club , making him their all-time record goalscorer , and won three premier league titles , the champions league , the europa league , four fa cups , two league cups , and two community shields in his time at stamford bridge , playing 648 games .
click here to watch the full interview with mark schwarzer on ` the world game ' international class : lampard has just returned to london after a stint at the world cup with england .
and his former chelsea team-mate mark schwarzer also hinted the englishman wanted a move to australia .
he said : ` he did ask me about melbourne heart .
he did ask me what melbourne was like and what melbourne heart was like .
' i said sydney was the best place to live !
-lsb- where schwarzer is from -rsb- but i spoke very highly of melbourne .
i actually love melbourne .
it 's a great city .
i told him how passionate in particular the victorians are with their sport .
` there is huge potential in the game in australia and it would be unbelievable if he went to australia .
i said to him that he would love living there .
it 's a great place to live .
' goodbye england : lampard 's mls/a-league move will likely end any chance of him play for england again .
taking tips : mourinho says lampard can