for years this favela in brazil was controlled by the brutal third command drugs gang who ran extortion rackets , imposed curfews , and kept the terrified population in line with violence .
almost a quarter of the homes in the in chapéu mangueira and babilônia neighbourhood , built with whatever materials the poor residents could get their hands on , still have no running water or electricity .
but for one night only 11 girls from this hillside shanty town in rio de janiero were able to forget the misery of their daily lives and become princesses at their very own debutante ball .
scroll down for video .
eleven girls from one of brazil 's poorest favelas were treated to a debutante ball organised by local police and a team of volunteers .
the girls were given makeovers and dressed up in gowns that were loaned to them from nearby shops to provide a fairytale evening .
galmour : the event took place at an upmarket tennis club in one of the wealthy districts close to the favela where they live .
eleven girls from one of brazil 's most deprived favelas were taken to a traditional debutante ball by local police who helped to organise it along with a team of volunteers .
one girl tears up as her police escort puts a ring on her finger during a debutante ball organised by local authorities .
a team of volunteers was brought in to give the girls a full makeover , while ball gowns were loaned from local shops to make their night of magic complete .
the ball was held at an upmarket tennis club which lent its services for the occasion , while the girls were accompanied by officers from the local police protection units .
like most of brazil 's poorest neighbourhoods , chapéu mangueira and babilônia are bordered by some of the most expensive in the world .
just a few streets from where these girls live , families will regularly spend up to $ 50,000 to give their daughters the perfect ball to mark their 15th birthday .
the girls often wear three dresses : one to greet guests in , one to waltz in , and another less restricting one to dance the night away in .
emotional : two young women embrace after arriving at the venue for their debutante