by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
10:33 est , 11 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:31 est , 11 july 2013 .
a shocking video has emerged of the moment a 71-year-old driver fell asleep at the wheel and flipped his car through other vehicle 's windshield .
amazingly the occupants of both cars only endured scratches and bruises from their terrifying ordeal which took place in china .
the drama was filmed due to a camera mounted on the dashboard of the car - dashcams are common for a number of reasons including insurance scams .
scroll down for video .
terrifying : a shocking video has emerged of the moment a 71-year-old driver falls asleep at the wheel and flips his car through other vehicle 's windshield .
the 40-second footage was captured by sky kang from taiwan last sunday .
kang and his family were travelling down a city road when the pensioner fell asleep at the wheel of his silver daewoo .
his car entered the opposite .
lane , the one which kang and his family were driving on , and hit a tree front-end on .
moments before : kang and his family were travelling down a city road when the pensioner fell asleep at the wheel of his silver daewoo .
out of control : his car entered the opposite lane , the one which kang and his family were driving on , and hit a tree front-end on .
powerless : the family are powerless as they watch the car career out of control .
inevitable : the car flew through the air turning around as the car ahead continued .
horrifying : it then span 180 degrees through the air and the rear of the small hatchback went flying into their windshield .
horror : in a split second the windscreen smashes as the family scream out in horror .
it then span 180 degrees through the air and the rear of the small hatchback went flying into their windshield .
in a split second the windscreen smashed the family can be heard screaming out in horror .
the impact of the smash dislodged the camera and it can be seen swinging in place .
kang and his family only suffered minor injuries while the driver of the daewoo also made it out alive .