by .
caroline mcguire for mailonline .
as one of the quieter members of atomic kitten , natasha hamilton does n't usually hit the headlines .
but the claim that the pregnant singer is planning on eating her own placenta after giving birth to her fourth child later this year is guaranteed to catch a few people 's attention .
natasha , 32 , is expecting her first daughter with 5ive singer ritchie neville , 34 , and after being told about the supposed health benefits , has decided she will get the body part made into pills to eat after the birth .
scroll down for video .
natasha hamilton , 32 , is planning on eating the placenta of her fourth child after she gives birth .
in a blog for babycentre , the star said : ' i initially felt pretty squeamish about it all , but once i heard the benefits for the mum i really wanted to do it .
` for those of you who have n't heard about it , it is where your placenta is taken away after birth , it 's dehydrated and ground into a coarse powder and then placed into small capsules to be taken as a daily supplement .
' i was told this would help replace lost hormones more quickly , help to fight against post-natal depression -lrb- pnd -rrb- and also boosts milk supply .
` the messy , gross side is taken away and you are given a daily vitamin , this appealed to me far more than adding raw placenta to a smoothie to be honest .
the star , pictured here with her three sons -lrb- pictured from left to right : alfie , harry and josh claims to have suffered from severe post natal depression in a previous pregnancy .
` and i did n't fancy bringing my own placenta home in a tupperware box and having to dry it out and chop it up myself !
` as i 've suffered with severe pnd in the past and struggled with getting a good milk supply , i will take anything harmless if it prevents me getting pnd again .
' the star is n't alone - actresses january jones and alicia silverstone has both admitted to eating their placenta after giving birth .
in good company : natasha is n't the