by .
daily mail reporters .
published : .
09:57 est , 24 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:41 est , 24 november 2013 .
two boys found fatally shot in utah basement earlier in november died in a murder-suicide , police revealed on friday .
the autopsy in the horrific case showed that dayton gessell , 15 , shot taylor wheeler , 12 , once in the head before turning the gun on himself .
but police in south jordan , utah , still do n't know whether the deaths were intentional or part of a tragic accident .
tragic : police think that that dayton gessell , 15 , right , fatally shot taylor wheeler , 12 , left , before turning the gun on himself in south jordan , utah .
` at this point we do n't know if it .
was intentional or accidental , that 's part of the investigative .
process , ' said south jordan police sergeant sam winkler , as reported by the deseret news .
the two boys were found dead in the basement of a home on november 15 with three handguns surrounding their lifeless bodies .
friends wheeler and gessell and were discovered minutes after gunshots rang out in the daybreak suburb of south jordan .
neither .
boy lived at the residence .
three other teenagers , including two brothers - aged 16 , 14 , and 14 - were in the house when the shots were fired .
mystery : neither taylor , pictured , or dayton lived in the daybreak home , and police say the investigation is ongoing .
guns : authorities have been unable to confirm where the three guns found near the bodies of dayton , left , and taylor , right , came from , who owns them and even if they were used in the shooting .
winkler said that the three had been .
fingerprinted , photographed and swabbed for dna samples .
the older boy .
has also been interviewed .
south jordan police emphasized that this case is still on ` ongoing ' and a ` very active investigation .
' authorities .
are still awaiting the final medical examiner 's report , the toxicology .
report , ballistics report and will conduct more interviews .
` this .
is a tragedy .
the