she is the world 's first ` living ' doll , with her long fair hair and trendy clothes ` my friend cayla ' can chat about hobbies and help with homework .
she is designed to sync with a smartphone or tablet which allows her to recognise a child 's speech and conduct simple conversations .
questions posed by a little girl are transposed into text using google software to allow cayla to search of the web to find an answer .
the doll then recites what she has found out .
the ` my friend cayla ' doll can chat about hobbies and help with homework .
she is designed to sync with a smartphone or tablet which allows her to recognise a child 's speech and conduct simple conversations .
as a result , it will be possible for little girls ` to have in-depth chats with their new best friend ' , according to the manufacturer , vivid .
cayla 's ability to surf the web is limited by google 's safesearch technology , which is meant to block unsuitable content and words .
at the same time , parents can log into the smartphone app used to control her to block any words or phrases they consider unsuitable .
cayla was described as ` world 's first internet-connected doll ' during the toy fair 2014 at kensington olympia .
the doll syncs with a smartphone or tablet which allows her to recognise a child 's speech .
questions posed by a child are transposed into text using google software .
the doll 's ability to surf the web is limited by google 's safesearch technology .
parents can log into the smartphone app used to control the doll to block any words or phrases they consider unsuitable .
the firm said the 18inch tall doll , which costs # 59.99 , also encourages role play and dressing up .
a spokesman said if the doll thinks she has heard a swear word , or anything related to race or body parts , any internet searches are automatically shut down .
` she will say something like ` i do n't know what you 're talking about , let 's talk about something else ' , or give no response at all , ' said a spokesman .
the whole scenario is a little reminiscent of