by .
steve robson .
published : .
12:25 est , 19 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:57 est , 19 january 2013 .
even the most patient of children might have difficulty recreating these lego models .
the world 's third lego hotel is under construction in carlsbad , california , complete with lifesize bellhops , chefs and a huge dragon in the lobby .
legoland california is investing a reported # 30million to build the three-storey , 250-bedroom hotel at the popular theme park .
a lego porter welcomes guests to the new hotel in california which opens in april .
the 250-bed lego hotel will be the first in north america .
guests will be relieved to know the duvets and pillows are n't made of lego in the themed rooms .
the rooms are themed around the lego lines pirate , kingdom or adventure .
many features of the hotel are made from lego and there is plenty of it for children to make their own creations .
each room is themed along one of the lego lines - pirate , kingdom or adventure - and has a treasure hunt game inside .
the hotel is also set to include a heated swimming pool , restaurant and skyline bar .
set to open in april this year , it is the first leg hotel in north america after similarly-themed hotels were launched in windsor last year and in denmark in 1991 .
many features of the hotel will be made from lego and there will be plenty on hand for children to make their own creations .
legoland general manager peter ronchetti said the hotel .
project ` is by .
far the biggest investment we 've made ' since the park opened in 1999 .
the last major investment by the park came a few years ago , when it .
spent # 12million on the sea life aquarium and an indiana jones-like .
adventure in 1920s egypt .
the three-storey hotel in carlsbad , california , will be the third in the world after legoland hotels opened in windsor last year and in denmark in 1991 .
these lego figures are waiting to be placed near the lobby entrance to the hotel .
the build of the legoland hotel is expected to cost in excess of # 30million .
the hotel