by .
mark duell .
updated : .
15:16 est , 23 august 2011 .
she seems just like any other two-year-old girl , giggling as she tries to copy what her older brother does and chases him around the house .
but her mobility is even more impressive when you learn alissa perkins was born without a crucial bone in her body and wears a prosthetic left leg .
the remarkably active life that she can lead has led the hospital that gave alissa treatment to ask her family to be ambassadors for its chain .
scroll down for video .
toddler : alissa perkins , of las vegas , nevada , was born without a crucial bone but is able to live an active life because she was fitted with a prosthetic left leg .
swinging time : alissa 's family met shriners ambassador katie walker at a local golf course , who was wearing a prosthetic limb on her leg above the knee .
alissa lives with her mother tara , father mark and four-year-old brother nicholas at their home in las vegas , nevada .
she gets orthopaedic care at the shriners hospital in los angeles , california - part of a 22-hospital system that the family is working with .
` it 's hard to believe that everything has worked out so well ' mother tara perkins .
` it 's hard to believe that everything has worked out so well , ' primary school teacher tara perkins told the las vegas review-journal .
it all started when the family met katie walker , who wore a prosthetic limb on her leg above the knee , at a local golf course .
alissa was aged only three months at the time in 2009 and ms walker , a shriners ambassador , told them how she had been helped by the hospital .
prosthetic need : alissa was born with a left leg much shorter than her right and had the amputation as a nine-month-old baby .
family time : alissa lives with her mother tara , father mark and four-year-old brother nicholas at their home in las vegas , nevada .
their girl was then taken to the los angeles hospital , where physicians said bone lengthening could put her in a wheelchair for many years .
when mrs perkins was several weeks pregnant ,