by .
sam webb .
published : .
11:45 est , 10 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:23 est , 10 january 2013 .
ian watkins , lead singer of lostprophets and ex boyfriend of fearne cotton , was refused bail today and remanded in custody after being accused of plotting to rape a child last year .
the singer of top rock band lostprophets was refused bail today and remanded in custody after being accused of plotting to rape a child .
frontman ian watkins , 35 , is facing six child sex offences - including conspiring with a woman fan , 24 , to rape a girl under the age of 13 .
the singer and two women are also accused of conspiracy to engage in sexual activity with a child under 13 .
watkins - a former boyfriend of tv presenter fearne cotton - spent christmas in parc prison in bridgend , south wales , after being arrested in december last year .
he yesterday appeared before judge eleri rees in cardiff crown crown court via video link from the jail .
in a short hearing his application for bail was rejected and he was remanded in custody ahead of a plea hearing later this month .
watkins , of pontypridd , south wales , is charged with conspiring to rape a girl under the age of 13 and to engage in sexual activity with a child under 13 .
he is also charged with three separate charges of possession , making and distribution of indecent images of children , and stands accused of possession of ` extreme pornography ' - some involving animals .
an earlier court heard 40 images of children and child abuse were being investigated by police .
two women - one aged 20 from doncaster and the other 24 from bedford - are also remanded in custody on similar conspiracy charges involving children .
a statement from fellow band members posted a statement on their website in december said : ` following charges made today against ian watkins , we find ourselves in a state of shock .
we are learning about the details of the investigation along with you .
` it is a difficult time for us and our families , and we want to thank our fans for their support as we seek answers .
'