a heart-rending film about a young father 's battle with motor neurone disease and the letter he struggled to write to his two-year-old son in his last months is to be released later this month .
' i am breathing ' documents the last months of former architect neil platt 's life .
viewers are given an insight into how the disease ravaged his body but the docufilm also celebrates the 34-year-old 's indomitable spirit .
neil documented his rapid and steady decline to raise awareness of the neurological disease so a cure could be found as soon as possible - and hopefully before his son , who is also at risk of developing the deadly condition , grows up .
scroll down for the trailer .
neil platt is pictured with his baby son oscar in september 2007 , just five months before his diagnosis of motor neurone disease .
neil died 12 months later .
neil was diagnosed with mnd in february 2008 .
months before , he had noticed that his foot was slapping against the ground when he walked .
he grew increasingly concerned that he was developing the same condition that had killed his father when he was 51 , and his grandfather at 64 .
neil underwent a raft of tests and all the results came back clear , but neil knew that his symptoms were not normal .
eventually he was referred to a neurologist who , taking his family history into account , broke the shattering news to the new father .
it is not possible to test for mnd specifically - it is only diagnosed after a process of elimination .
over the following few months , the illness took over neil 's body with unrelenting speed .
neil and louise married in 2004 aged 29 after a whirlwind romance .
they had known each other at university but did not become a couple until a chance meeting at a party after they had both graduated .
the speed that the disease took over neil 's body was staggering .
neil is pictured with his then two-year-old son oscar - just 9 months after his diagnosis and three months before his death .
mnd is a terminal illness that kills .
the motor neurones - the nerve cells that send messages to the muscles .
so the body can move .