a former student is suing his utah school district for hiring and failing to fire a ` flirtatious ' english teacher before he allegedly went on to have a sexual relationship with her .
the student is suing the davis county school district for $ 674,000 for emotional damage he says he suffered as a result of the affair , which happened when he was 17 , the salt lake tribune reported .
his former teacher , 35-year-old brianne altice , has been charged with 14 felonies - including rape , sodomy and sex abuse - for allegedly having sexual relationships with three different students .
she allegedly had sex with the third student while she was out on bail for charges relating to the first two students .
her bail was then revoked and she remains behind bars .
not happy : a student who says he had sex with his teacher , brianne altice , is now suing the school district .
altice is pictured in court last month after her motion to drop one of the charges against her was denied .
the student who has brought the lawsuit accused the district of being negligent when it hired altice and says it is responsible for the damage she inflicted on him .
he claims they started a relationship in early 2013 after they flirted during class and texted and ultimately started kissing and having sex .
he claims that the school district had reprimanded altice after seeing photos of her having inappropriate contact with students but she was not fired , the tribune reported .
school district spokesman chris williams said he was unaware of the lawsuit .
despite the claims against her , one of her alleged victims has previously testified that the charges against altice are ` ridiculous ' and ` she does n't deserve to be here ' .
locked up : altice , pictured in court in january , had her bond revoked earlier this year after it emerged she allegedly had sex with a third student while out on bail for having sex with two other students .
in trouble : altice , pictured at a hearing in february 2014 , allegedly had sex with the boys from early 2013 .
he told the court he had sex with altice once prior to october 2013 - when she was initially arrested -