` cameron and farrage ' shared a hug after appearing in court for stealing from the nhs .
this is the moment ` cameron and farrage ' shared a hug after appearing in court - for stealing from the nhs .
the people involved in the happy coalition , sealed with a kiss and cuddle , were not political leaders - but criminal couple naomi cameron and nicholas farrage who had both just avoided being sent to jail .
their offences were all committed at derriford hospital in plymouth in devon where they stole cash from patients , staff , and the hospital .
cameron , 24 , was given community service after admitting one charge of theft , while farrage , 28 , who admitted three counts of theft , had his sentencing adjourned .
the hearing at plymouth crown court almost descended into farce when one of the defendants was asked to confirm his name was ` nigel farage ' .
he then had to say he was not nigel farage - but nicholas farrage .
the judge then stepped in to say : ' i would just like to remind you all that we are not dealing with the leader of ukip today .
' the duo , who are thought to be engaged , both stood in the dock while details of their crimes were read out .
alistair verheijen , prosecuting , said : ` the offences were committed in november last year at derriford hospital and the complainants were staff , patients and the hospital itself .
' cameron admitted stealing a handbag and contents worth # 250 from a patient .
mr verheijen said : ` the elderly victim had gone out for the walk and left her bag by her bed where she thought it would be safe .
` she was only gone for a matter of minutes but cameron came into the ward saying she was looking for her nan .
` she then took the opportunity to steal the handbag .
' cctv was shown to cameron who accepted she was the person on it and had stolen the bag .
she had been taking methadone and could not remember committing the offence but had no other reason to be in the hospital .
defending cameron , ali rafati said she had turned into an addict after being involved