a cancer surgeon was found slumped at the wheel of his car with a half empty bottle of vodka on what would have been his 10th wedding anniversary - two years after losing his wife to the very disease he specialises in .
a passer-by found bowel cancer specialist nicholas harrison , of coven , staffordshire , slumped in his car parked on double-yellow lines with the engine running last month .
the 43-year-old lost his wife and mother-of-three gemma harrison to a neuroendocrine tumour of the bowel , a rare form of cancer which spread to her liver and lung .
the 34-year-old died in august 2012 , four months after she was diagnosed .
cancer surgeon nicholas harrison was found slumped in his car on what would have been his 10th wedding anniversary .
his wife gemma harrison , a mother-of-three , died two years ago from a form of the disease he specialises in .
police officers administered a breath test and found harrison was more than three times the drink drive limit .
magistrates at north staffordshire justice centre heard he was heartbroken after the death of his wife .
harrison 's lawyer paul kay told magistrates : ` this is an exceptional case with a tragic background .
he had drunk to numb the pain of a tragic day .
' now the 43-year-old surgeon at the university hospital of north staffordshire has been hit with a 12-month driving ban .
at an .
earlier hearing , kay told the court : ` it would be a devastating blow to .
anybody , but he was a specialist in the very cancer she was suffering .
from .
' mrs .
harrison , a nurse who met her husband through work , had started organising a fund-raising event for the .
royal free hospital in london where she was treated before she died .
her .
friends and family set up a charity called remember gemma always , which .
has raised # 20,000 for the hospital , which specialises in .
neuroendocrine tumours .
runners line up for a charity fundraising event in mrs harrison 's memory .
tribute : a balloon release organised by a charity set up in mrs harrison 's memory , which has raised more than # 20,000 to combat the cancer that killed her .
mrs harrison 's friend