by .
tara brady .
relisha rudd who has been reported missing .
the mother of a missing eight-year-old girl is pleading for the safe return of her daughter who is believed to have been kidnapped by a janitor who worked at the homeless shelter where the family were staying .
khalil tatum , 51 , has already been charged with murdering his wife andrea tatum after her body was found in red roof inn , in oxon hill , washington , last thursday - a day after relisha rudd was reported missing .
police have not yet revealed how mrs tatum died but it has been reported that her body showed signs of trauma .
relisha 's family allowed the child to be looked after by tatum who the family got to know over an 18-month period when they were staying at the shelter .
according to police , relisha 's mother asked tatum to look after her daughter on february 26 .
miss young , 27 , was living at the homeless shelter at the former d.c. general hospital with four of her children and their stepfather .
relisha is about 4ft tall and weighs between 70 and 80 pounds .
according to police , officers obtained a search warrant on thursday and went to the red roof inn where they found mrs tatum 's body in a room .
tatum 's white truck was in the inn 's parking lot .
police said miss young initially did n't report relisha missing and told officers she had spoken to her by phone on wednesday .
however , it has since been revealed that miss young met with tatum and asked him to return relisha which he has not done .
on the run : khalil tatum , 51 , has already been charged with murdering his wife andrea tatum .
jamila larson , executive director of the homeless childrenâ $ ™ s playtime project which runs programs at five d.c. shelters , including the one at d.c. general , told the washington post : ` relisha is a sweet , quiet girl .
' on saturday a candlelit vigil was held in south east washington where dozens gathered to pray for relisha 's safe return .
i miss my daughter , ' miss young , told the washington post at the vigil .
' i cry every night