allison hopton , 40 , posted a string of abusive remarks on facebook about the hospice where she worked .
a children 's hospice nurse has been struck off after posting a four-letter rant about work on facebook .
allison hopton , 40 , posted a string of abusive remarks on the social networking site about the hospice - which provides end of life care for terminally ill children - in the mistaken belief that only her 380 friends could see them .
mrs hopton had complained online about her job telling friends she had ` big b ****** ing sh *** ing bast *** work tomorrow ' .
in another message she joked that she was going to make a student nurse her ` b ** ch ' - and a picture of another colleague sitting on a bedpan .
but a hearing was told her remarks could easily be seen by any patient , their families or a colleague with facebook accounts if they simply searched for her name .
mrs hopton was sacked from her job at the ty hafan hospice in sully near cardiff after the posts were discovered .
she told her employers : ` facebook is where people vent .
nurses are human .
i do n't mix work with my private life .
' i feel i have been professional .
' she admitted to the nursing and midwifery council that the comments had been inappropriate .
the disciplinary panel , in cardiff , ruled that she should be banned from working as a nurse .
in a statement mrs hopton said : ' i can not go back in time , although i wish i could .
' i have however reflected on the whole incident and changed my behaviour because of it .
i accept that comments were irresponsible and stupid , a complete lapse of judgment .
' mrs hopton , from near swansea , south wales , worked at the hospice from 2007 to 2011 when she was dismissed .
she was originally given a six-month ban but the panel reviewed their decision and chose to strike her off as well .
they ruled that mrs hopton , who did not attend the hearing , had not used her taken the opportunity to ` reflect ' on her misconduct .
a panel spokesman said : ` mrs hopton used