a premier league star has sparked outrage after a video emerged of him posing with an open bottle of champagne while driving his range rover at night .
cheick tiote , 28 , who earns # 45,000 a week playing for newcastle united , took his eyes off the road for several seconds and grinned at the camera instead of looking where he was going .
the footballer , who pleaded guilty to using a fake belgian driving licence to obtain a uk licence last year , then hands the bottle to a friend in the back seat and urges him to take a swig .
newcastle have reprimanded cheick tiote after he was caught clutching open champagne while driving .
he apologised after pictures emerged of his indiscretions in the sun on friday night .
' i deeply regret my actions and am sorry for any offence caused .
i realise as a professional footballer i should set a good example with my behaviour on and off the pitch , ' he said .
the video is believed to have been taken by friends in his native ivory coast .
a statement from his club said : ` newcastle united have been made aware of a video of cheick tiote driving whilst holding a bottle of alcohol , which is understood to have been filmed in abidjan , ivory coast .
` clearly his actions were not appropriate .
the club have spoken privately with cheick today and reminded him of his significant responsibilities as a representative of newcastle united and a role model .
' the player , whose muslim beliefs forbid alcohol , does not drink from the bottle in the video .
tiote -lrb- right -rrb- has apologised for his actions - which were believed to have been filmed in his native ivory coats .
but he is heard telling a friend in their native french : ` take a glass of champagne .
it 's the best , rosé .
' he then adds : ` not for me , not champagne .
' the footballer will not be dropped for the misdemeanor and played a full match against chelsea today .
but fans and driving campaigners have blasted the player saying he is setting a bad example to youngsters .
warren davies tweeted : ` he completely took his eyes off the road .