elvis presley had one ; so did clark gable .
it was even the sedan of presidents .
then the name vanished amid an invasion of newer luxury cars from europe and asia .
now , the lincoln continental is back .
thirteen years after the last continental rolled off the assembly line , ford motor co. is resurrecting its storied nameplate .
the new continental debuts in concept form at this week 's new york auto show .
the production version of the full-size sedan goes on sale next year .
scroll down for video .
design : the emblem is illuminated along with the front headlamps on a lincoln continental concept car at the new york international auto show at the javits center on monday .
new look : the concept car being unveiled monday in new york is painted a deep prussian blue , a homage to continentals of the 1950s and 1960s .
features : the driver 's seat has a patented split cushion , so if the driver holds one leg out further than another , it will support each leg separately .
the moonroof glass turns opaque with the touch of a button .
all in the details : the lincoln logo is seen on a passenger 's side front wheel for the concept vehicle -lrb- left -rrb- , and the continental name also appears on the driver 's side door -lrb- right -rrb- .
gleaming : the emblem for a lincoln continental shines on the grill of ford 's concept car at the new york international auto show .
switch-up : the continental is expected to replace the seven-year-old mks , which currently sits atop lincoln 's car lineup .
luxury item : both elvis presley and clark gable once owned lincoln continentals .
overseas appeal : in china , customers know the continental name and appreciate brands with a rich history .
after more than a decade of toying with alphabetical names like ls and mks to be more like its foreign rivals , ford 's 98-year-old lincoln brand is embracing its heritage .
it 's a measure of the growing confidence at lincoln , which is finally turning around a decades-long sales decline .
and it 's a nod to the importance of china , where customers know the continental name and appreciate brands with a rich history .
ford ceo