there is a story about felix magath hiding water bottles from his players when they returned from punishing cross-country training runs during his spell at wolfsburg .
on thursday , the eccentric german defended his controversial methods .
` until now everybody loves my training - nobody died , ' he said , without a hint of remorse .
video scroll down to watch felix magath talk in his first press conference .
calm : felix magath was unveiled as fulham 's new manager on thursday and immediately hit back at critics .
no more mr tough guy ?
magath revealed he is a ` nice guy ' after questions over his methods .
writing 's on the wall : magath makes himself at home in fulham 's changing room .
` ask raul about my work .
ask the good players and you will get the right answers .
` why should i change my training ?
i am the most successful coach in germany .
' that .
is not entirely accurate , but he did win the bundesliga with bayern .
munich and wolfsburg during his long and varied coaching career .
magath , .
60 , has also never been relegated , a statistic that will appeal to .
fulham as they stare up at the 19 clubs above them in the barclays .
premier league .
the .
german confirmed that his appointment was conducted behind rene .
meulensteen 's back , with meetings arranged after fulham drew 2-2 with .
manchester united on february 9 at old trafford .
two .
days later magath arrived in london to meet fulham 's owner shahid khan , .
who had flown in from jacksonville to survey the wreckage of .
meulensteen 's 75-day spell in charge of the club .
ousted : but felix magath said the atmosphere at the club under rene meulensteen had to change .
axed : ray wilkins was also shown the door after being removed from his coaching position at the cottage .
short stay : alan curbishley was also relieved from his short-lived stint as director of football .
magath cancelled the players ' day off last sunday to take them for a training session .
he also took full responsibility for dismissing the coaching staff , including alan curbishley .
` curbishley .
is a very good manager and