amid somber memorials to mark the fifth anniversary of haiti 's devastating earthquake , the remarkable survival story of five-year-old jenny alexis has emerged .
the little girl was dug out from the rubble of a collapsed home in january 2010 after four days alone following the natural disaster .
the four-month-old teetered on the brink of death for days with dehydration so extreme her veins had collapsed .
no one knew her name and her parents were presumed dead after she had been found lying next to the body of a woman .
scroll down for video .
jenny alexis , is now a bubbly five-year-old who loves princesses and lives with her parents and baby sister in miami , florida .
five years ago , she was dug from the rubble after four days in earthquake-stricken haiti .
the little girl was dug from the rubble of a collapsed home in haiti after four days when she was just four months old during the natural disaster in 2010 .
doctors managed to evacuate her from haiti for much needed surgery in miami by flagging down a un truck and convincing the aid workers to get her on a flight , cnn reported .
five years on from the disaster , which killed at least 300,000 people , the pre-schooler is thriving in her new home in miami , florida after she was miraculously reunited with her parents , who both survived .
cnn medical correspondent , elizabeth cohen , visited jenny and her family this week .
cohen had watched doctors with project medishare battle to save the baby girl in a medics ' tent in haiti which was overwhelmed with the dying and seriously injured and had scarce supplies .
jenny spoke of her love of princesses , posed with sunglasses and wrote her name during the visit .
jenny 's mother , nadine devilme , has since had another baby , a 17-month-old girl called naima .
ms devilme , along with jenny 's father junior alexis , were reunited with her in florida months after the earthquake .
the woman that the baby girl had been found lying next to was her babysitter .
doctors with project medishare work on the baby girl in haiti in 2010 after she suffered from such extreme dehydration that her veins collapsed .
the baby girl was found in