by .
james nye .
published : .
17:05 est , 10 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:18 est , 10 december 2013 .
it was exactly one year ago today that darwin the japanese macaque was found wandering a toronto ikea parking lot dressed in a fashionable shearling coat and a diaper .
the internet almost collapsed under the weight of the numerous meme 's created in honor of him as he became universally known as the ikea monkey .
now 19 months-old and living at the story book farm primate sanctuary in ontario , this is the first time that darwin has been seen since last year - as he passes his time alone playing with his curious george stuffed toy as he ` learns to be a monkey again .
' twelve months on : darwin the japanese macaque is making progress at the story book farm primate sanctuary in ontario since he was catapulted to global fame as the ikea monkey .
up until the day that he escaped his human mom , yasmin kakhuda , darwin had spent most days dressed in snazzy clothes and a diaper , traveling everywhere with her .
taken into the custody of the sanctuary the day he was found inside the ikea store , darwin 's rehabilitation has been tough .
` when he came to us , he was lacking in confidence and unsure how to act around other monkeys , ' said izzy hirji , chair of the sanctuary 's board of directors in an interview with the toronto star .
` through being able to see and interact with the other guys , he 's growing into a healthy , confident adolescent .
' legendary : ` darwin ' , wearing a winter coat and a diaper , wanders around at an ikea in toronto after letting himself out of his crate in a parked car in the store 's lot .
a star is born : darwin wanders around an ikea parking lot in toronto , as customers take pictures .
upon losing her beloved monkey , nakhuda launched a lawsuit the very week he was taken , alleging the sanctuary was ` illegally detaining ' darwin .
however , a judge ruled in september that darwin should remain at the sanctuary and not with the real estate lawyer who called the