by .
ryan gorman .
published : .
20:20 est , 8 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:11 est , 9 october 2013 .
an elderly nevada couple has been forced out of their home because of the government shutdown .
joyce spencer , 77 , and husband ralph , 80 , were told thursday by furloughed park rangers they had to leave their lake mead home because it sits on federal park land , this despite owning the home outright and mr spencer recovering from cancer .
instead of enjoying their golden years beside a beautiful lake , the spencers have instead found themselves scrambling to find a place to stay , with ms spencer spending most days working in the family ice cream shop , according to ktnv .
displaced : joyce spencer and husband ralph were forced out of their lakeside home due to the government shutdown .
forced out of a cabin they 've lived in since the 1970 's , the two grandparents were given 24 hours to vacate , ms spencer told the station .
the forced eviction has left ralph spencer , a korean war veteran , distraught and distrusting of the government .
` he 's very discouraged by it , ' daughter tisha cook told cnn .
` notice he 's not on any camera interviews .
` he 's lost his trust in everything at this point .
he does n't trust anyone .
he feels like anything that he 's worked and done , everything in his hard-earned life , has been stripped from him .
' explaining that her parents ' lakeside home is near las vegas , ms cook said the location was ideal for her father as he received cancer treatments at a sin city hospital .
located on stewart 's point , the home is on land that is part of the lake mead national recreation area , which is federal parkland .
the spencers were forced to leave after officials advised ` they could not provide services , ' she told the station .
despite the gross inconvenience , the displaced granny is taking her predicament in stride .
` i had to go to town today and buy ralph undershirts and jeans because i forgot his pants , ' she told the station .
upset : tisha cook -lrb- right