brazilian midfielder lucas leiva is closing in on a liverpool first-team return after over a month out with a groin injury .
the 28-year-old limped out of last month 's 0-0 merseyside derby draw with everton after just 16 minutes but is now edging closer to a return to brendan rodgers ' first team .
and lucas could even feature in sunday 's vital barclays premier league with manchester united , which would be a huge boost to a liverpool side who have not lost with the tenacious brazilian in the side since november 4 .
lucas leiva is closing in on a liverpool first-team return and posted this video from training on instagram .
the brazilian midfielder is seen running freely after recovering from his groin injury sustained last month .
lucas was also seen passing a ball in a pretty sharp solo work-out at liverpool 's melwood training base .
lucas is escorted from the pitch in the 16th minute of the merseyside derby after suffering an injury .
liverpool face swansea on monday night with the chance to close the gap on fourth-place united to two points , giving them the chance of leapfrogging louis van gaal 's side at anfield on sunday .
lucas has begun running freely again and taking part in ball-work , albeit on his own while the first-team spend the night in wales ahead of monday 's game .
however , his current state would indicate a return to the first-team group sooner rather than later and then only match fitness and the form of his team-mates stand in the way of a premier league return .
real madrid 's luka modric battles for the ball with lucas - the last time liverpool lost with him in the side .
lucas has begun running freely again and taking part in ball-work , albeit on his own at melwood .
lucas even posted a video on instagram on sunday with the message : ` not long now !!! ' as he counts down to his comeback .
fellow midfielder steven gerrard has already returned from his hamstring problem and is in the squad to face swansea although is unlikely to start immediately given the form of jordan henderson and joe allen .
lucas limped out of liverpool 's 0-0 draw with everton last month but is eyeing a return to first-team action .