by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
06:39 est , 8 april 2012 .
| .
updated : .
15:56 est , 8 april 2012 .
it was an unlikely place to find a treasure trove of exquisite antiques .
when auctioneer martin lawrence was called to the rundown two-bedroomed council flat following the death of the elderly man who lived there , he expected no more than a routine valuation of humdrum household items .
but it did n't take long for him to realise that he was in for a treat .
antique : a 170-year-old hand-carved bowl from an american tribe that was found abandoned in a kitchen cupboard in the home in southsea , hampshire .
prized : the chinese jade fish ornament and the 1796 solid silver trophy presented to a captain of nelson 's navy .
for among the items buried under boxes of .
junk was a 170-year-old native american bowl which was to sell at .
auction for # 70,000 .
a 2ft solid silver trophy presented to a captain of nelson 's navy in 1796 , found under a bed , fetched more than # 10,000 .
in all , the hoard was to raise # 250,000 at auction .
one man 's rubbish ... a cased pair of mid 19th century percussion belt pistols by bond which fetched # 3,400 .
hoard : a collection of early gramophones , spare parts and accessories which made # 7,000 .
mr lawrence went to the flat in southsea , hampshire , following the death of a man in his 80s last year .
he was faced with piles of old .
newspapers , cardboard boxes and old mattresses obstructing entire rooms .
but by the end of the clearing operation 300 antiques had been .
unearthed .
mr lawrence , of jacobs & hunt .
auctioneers in petersfield , hampshire , said : ` it was meant to be a .
straightforward probate of the contents but it became apparent as we .
started that this was something quite special .
grim : the tower block where the pensioner lived in a squalid two-bedroom property which was covered in rubbish , and , right , a fine quality tiffany & co. sterling silver flask , of oval form .
` the items were either stuffed in .
boxes , left