by .
leesa smith for daily mail australia .
capital city house prices continue to rise across australia with a boost by the very strong sydney housing market .
property prices rose 1.8 per cent in the three months up until june outdoing the one per cent rise predicted by economists .
the australian bureau of statistics ' index of house prices rose 10.1 per cent during the 12 months until june - the third month in a row of the annual rate sitting above 10 per cent .
scroll down for video .
capital city house prices continue to rise in australia with a boost by the very strong sydney housing market which has risen 15.6 per cent in the year to june .
the nation 's next best performer was melbourne with a 9.3 per cent gain in house prices in the same period .
leading the charge was sydney where prices rose 15.6 per cent in the year to june .
the nation 's next best performer was melbourne with a 9.3 per cent gain while brisbane came in third at 6.8 per cent - although queensland 's capital city climbed 1.8 per cent in the last quarter - .5 per cent higher than melbourne in the same period .
meanwhile , adelaide grew one per cent in the last quarter from june - now at 5.6 per cent .
jp morgan economist tom kennedy said it was too early to say if surging house prices might spark an interest rate rise by the reserve bank of australia .
` at this stage we think the rba is pretty comfortable with the housing sector , ' he said .
` we do n't think that this is enough to get them over the line but certainly it would be something on their radar and they would be monitoring it quite closely .
' brisbane came in in third at 6.8 per cent with an impressive 1.8 per cent climb in the last quarter until june .
however , national house price growth was being inflated by the outsized gain in sydney , mr kennedy said .
` the details suggest that this strength is landing in one property sector , ' he said .
` we think that prices will moderate a little bit further as activity cools , particularly in sydney where price growth remains very