it 's not college students or teenagers but rather middle-aged americans who are most likely to die from drinking too much alcohol too quickly , according to a study released by the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention on tuesday .
an average of six people die each day in the united states from alcohol poisoning or excessively high levels of alcohol in the blood , which is typically caused by binge drinking , the federal study found .
three out of four of those who died were between the ages of 35 and 64 , the study found , countering the popular perception that young people are more likely than their elders to die from binge drinking .
shocking finding : it 's not college students or teenagers but rather middle-aged american men who are most likely to die from binge drinking , a cdc study has revealed .
only 5.1 percent of the deaths were drinkers between the ages of 15 and 24 , the study found .
` contrary to conventional wisdom , there is a lot of binge drinking going on by people who are post college-age , ' the study 's co-author , robert brewer , told reporters .
` we were surprised by these findings .
' the cdc defines binge drinking as consuming four or more drinks for women or five or more drinks for men on a single occasion .
fewer than a third of the people who died of alcohol poisoning were considered alcoholics , the study found .
analyzing death certificate data from 2010 through 2012 , researchers found that an average of 2,200 people , more than half of them white males , died from alcohol poisoning each year .
state death rates ranged from a low of 5.3 deaths per million residents in alabama to a high of 46.5 deaths per million residents in alaska .
the regions with the highest death rates were the great plains , the west and new england .
` living in geographically isolated rural areas might increase the likelihood that a person with alcohol poisoning will not be found before death or that timely emergency medical services will not be available , ' the researchers wrote .