by .
snejana farberov .
published : .
11:24 est , 9 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:27 est , 9 july 2013 .
life lost : elliott earl williams , 37 , passed away in 2011 while in jail five days after he was arrested for causing a disturbance in an oklahoma hotel during a mental breakdown .
a shocking video that captured an inmate dying in an oklahoma jail in october 2011 was released monday as part of a lawsuit accusing the correctional facility of failing to provide the man with badly needed medical treatment .
elliott earl williams , 37 , passed away in his cell on october 27 , 2011 , five days after being arrested for causing a disturbance in a hotel .
according to the suit filed on behalf of his estate , williams ` sat in a cell dying for five days without ever receiving the treatment and care he so desperately and obviously needed .
' the man was arrested in owasso on october 21 after causing a scene at the towneplace suites by marriott .
police .
officers who responded to the call found williams in the lobby of the .
hotel having what appeared to be a mental breakdown .
a police report .
stated that the 37-year-old was ` rambling about god ' and ` eating dirt .
' williams .
was charged with a count of misdemeanor obstruction .
according to the .
lawsuit , in the course of his brief stay at owasso police headquarters , .
the mentally disturbed man was observed crawling on his hands and knees , .
barking and repeatedly slamming his head into the wall .
williams .
was left in a holding cell for more than 10 hours , during which time he .
defecated on himself .
he was then placed in a shower ` feet first , on .
his back , ' and the water was left running for up to two hours .
scroll down for jail video .
beginning of the end : williams was placed in a medical cell at the tulsa county jail on october 25 , 2011 .
bad treatment : a jail staffer was captured on video tossing trays of food into the man 's cell .
a short time later , the suspect was transferred to tulsa county