ed balls today ambushed george osborne on live tv by forcing him to agree to take part in a head-to-head election debate on the economy .
the tories had tried to argue that they would not discuss the idea of a clash between the would-be chancellors until the leaders ' debate had been resolved - which seems unlikely .
but appearing together on bbc one , mr balls forced mr osborne to shake on the deal , raising the prospect that it could be the only televised election debate between the two parties before polling day .
appearing together on bbc one , ed balls forced george osborne to shake on the deal , raising the prospect that it could be the only televised election debate between the two parties before polling day .
mr balls insisted prime minister david cameron may be ` scared ' of a one-on-one debate with labour leader ed miliband but he was up for the showdown with mr osborne .
after he was put on the spot , the chancellor shook mr balls 's hand but suggested danny alexander , liberal democrat chief secretary to the treasury , should be included .
speaking on bbc one 's the andrew marr show , mr osborne said he was sure an election debate between the different finance spokesmen of the parties would take place .
asked if he was keen on the debate , shadow chancellor mr balls replied : ` of course , and i would like to go further .
george and i do n't need the broadcasters to sort these things out .
mr osborne tried to claim that his lib dem deputy danny alexander should be included as well .
` george is not a coward .
david cameron does n't want a head-to-head with ed miliband but i 'm very happy - i will have a head-to-head debate , just the two of us , the potential chancellors during the election campaign .
addressing mr osborne , he said : ` you can say now - are you up for it ?
' the chancellor replied : ` as i say , happy to have these chancellors ' debate , just as we did in the last election .
' mr balls extended his hand out to mr osborne to shake on a one-on-one debate , telling the chancellor : `