click here to read adam shergold 's match report from craven cottage .
gordon strachan blamed end-of-season rust for the 90th-minute goal which sealed a nightmare evening for grant hanley and denied scotland the scalp of world cup qualifiers nigeria .
leading 2-1 with seconds to play , his team looked certain to make it six wins in their last nine games after an outrageous goal from charlie mulgrew and a second-half own goal from azubuike egwuekwe .
on a night to forget for hanley at fulham 's craven cottage , however , michael uchebo 's first-half equaliser took a wicked deflection off the centre-half -- before he failed to clear his lines as substitute uche nwofor levelled in injury time .
bullish mood : gordon strachan was pleased with scotland 's attacking display against nigeria .
joy : scotland players celebrate charlie mulgrew 's opening goal .
` i liked a lot of things i saw there , the only thing we had a problem with was the fact some of the lads had not trained for three weeks , ' said strachan , indicating that weariness was the only difference between a win and a draw .
` most of them had been on holiday somewhere .
i 'm not saying they were n't looking after themselves , and the way they tried to switch on again at training was terrific .
but we lost a wee bit of fitness in the last 15 minutes .
` during the game , we were one pass away from a really great move .
we could have had four or five goals .
that 's the first time i 've said that after a game - we had a lot of chances .
` i 'd put the fact we did n't finish them off down to rustiness .
in terms of what i saw and what we are trying do , in terms of movement and trying to get closer to the striker , i liked that .
tussle : nigeria 's elderson echiejile keeps steven naismith at arms length .
` the shape we had when we did n't have the ball was good as well .
' scotland .
took the lead through an outrageous and audacious mulgrew effort , the .
celtic star flicking out a heel to deflect a james morrison shot into .
the