by .
ruth styles .
published : .
11:33 est , 14 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:36 est , 14 november 2013 .
most will be familiar with the advances in technology , industry and trade made during the georgian period but few realise that the era ushered in a revolution of a different kind - in fashion , media and shopping .
among the men responsible was thomas chippendale , a furniture maker whose work , detailed in his groundbreaking 1774 tome , the gentleman and cabinet maker 's directory , went on to become a byword for good taste .
his catalogue , which is filled with examples of his work , was the first of its type and forms part of a new exhibition at the british library entitled : georgians revealed : life , style and the making of modern britain .
stylish : the images on show include this illustration detailing the lavish dress of georgian men and women .
notorious : courtesan fanny murray was at the centre of the uk 's first ever celebrity scandal .
but it 's not all catalogues and chairs : the exhibition also includes some of the first ever british fashion magazines , enormous interior design portfolios by the adam brothers and the uk 's first celebrity scandal , which was published in some of the country 's first tabloids .
other unusual pieces on show include a dashing pair of red leather men 's shoes , a stunning silken carnival mask and illustrations detailing the newly popular pastimes of shopping and balls .
the most notorious woman to appear in the exhibition is fanny murray , the mistress of john montagu , 4th earl of sandwich , and the star of an early tabloid sensation .
her wanton antics inspired a pornographic poem entitled an essay on women , a parody of alexander pope 's an essay on man , which was written by john wilkes , an early press pioneer .
dapper : a perfectly preserved pair of crimson leather shoes made for a georgian man around 1790 .
spectacular : an ornate fan decorated with illustrations showing georgian society 's most fashionable members .
when the ditty was discovered , more than a decade after being written , it caused a scandal .
wilkes , who was already in trouble with