pakistani jets and ground forces killed 77 militants in a northwestern tribal region near the afghan border , officials said on friday , days after taliban fighters killed 148 people -- most of them children -- in a school massacre .
the military said its ground forces killed 10 militants while airstrikes killed another 17 , including an uzbek commander late on thursday night .
another 32 alleged terrorists were killed by security forces in an ambush in tirah valley in khyber on friday as they headed toward the afghan border , the military said .
on friday morning , troops killed 18 more militants during a ` cordon and search operation ' in khyber , the military said .
scroll down for video .
retaliation : the pakistani military killed 67 taliban militants in air strikes and ground assaulkts in response to the school massacre atrocity .
the military said the army chief , gen. raheel sharif , was traveling to khyber friday to meet with troops taking part in the ground operation .
meanwhile , a pakistani prosecutor said the government will try to cancel the bail granted to the main suspect in the 2008 mumbai terror attacks -- a decision that outraged neighbouring india and called into question pakistan 's commitment to fighting militancy .
the violence at a school in pakistan 's northwest earlier this week stunned the country and brought cries for retribution .
in the wake of the mass killing the military has struck targets in the khyber tribal region and approved the death penalty for six convicted terrorists .
macabre : pakistani frontier corps personnel look at bodies of militants who were killed in a military operation in tirah , near the pakistan-afghanistan border .
pakistani security forces killed at least 67 suspected militants as operations against insurgents intensify in the wake of a taliban school massacre that killed 149 people .
on friday morning , troops killed 18 more militants during a ` cordon and search operation ' in khyber , the military said .
khyber agency is one of two main areas in the northwest where the military has been trying to root out militants in recent months .
khyber borders peshawar , where the school massacre happened , and militants have traditionally attacked the city before fleeing into the tribal region where police ca n't chase them .
the other