a second world war re-enactment has brought dad 's army back to life just as hype over the wildly popular tv show 's film adaptation begins to build .
the annual pickering wartime and 1940s weekend is running this weekend , with some of its participants bearing an uncanny resemblance to two of the beloved characters from the classic british comedy - lance-corporal jack jones and commander chuck mainwaring .
wartime and history enthusiasts dressed as british , german and u.s. soldiers sent pickering showgrounds , in yorkshire , back in time to celebrate everything 1940s in a surreal recreation of britain during the second world war .
the festivities today included an eastern front re-enactment , set in autumn 1942 as the german troops invaded the soviet union during operation barbarossa , and a western front battle re-enactment - complete with sound effects and pyrotechnics - of the 1944 liberation of europe .
scroll down for video .
two men dressed as british army officers at today 's re-enactment bore a striking similarity to dad 's army characters lance-corporal jack jones -lrb- left -rrb- and commander chuck mainwaring -lrb- right -rrb- .
left , phil rushby from north wales dressed as a member of the u.s. 101st airborne , and right , joe newton , 12 , dressed as a second world war u.s. soldier .
a group of men pictured marching dressed as u.s. soldiers at the annual re-enactment event in pickering .
william walker from grimsby dressed as a member of a u.s. shore patrol .
a russian t34 tank is manoeuvered into position at the pickering wartime and 1940s weekend .
a group of re-enactors sit at a mock canteen and coffee table at pickering showgrounds .
andrew fawcett pictured is a spitting image of a british airborne soldier .
two men dressed as german soldiers sit around a fire and cook breakfast on a misty morning .
jean cook , joyce grey and julia story came dressed in authentic 1940s period clothing .
john howard , 26 , from manchester , dressed as a soldier from the u.s. 101st airborne , complete with a recreation grenade and pistol .
although the original dad 's army tv series featured no women in leading roles , in the new film actress catherine zeta-jones has been lined up to play a glamorous journalist .
the remake will begin