bowe bergdahl is reportedly refusing to speak with his family , despite getting a letter from his sister , as he recovers in an army hospital in germany .
this comes as officials in his hometown hailey , idaho , canceled a homecoming celebration for the american prisoner of war .
officials cited several death threats his parents , bob and jani bergdahl have gotten since the controversial release of their son , who was freed in exchange for five guantanamo detainees .
many in hailey suspect the celebration was also canned because of a massive backlash , both national and local , over reports that bergdahl deserted his post in afghanistan before he was captured .
the fbi is investigating .
death threats that mr and mrs bergdahl have received from .
people furious about the deal that saw him released from captivity .
fueling the anger is mr bergdahl 's use of both pashto and arabic .
language during a white house press conference with president barack .
obama .
bergdahl has told military officials that he was kept locked in a shark cage in total darkness for weeks at a time and tortured as punishment for twice trying to escape his taliban captors .
threats : federal authorities have confirmed that threats have been made against bob bergdahl and his wife jani following their son 's controversial release .
moment of release : sgt bowe bergdahl was shown struggling to adjust his eyes to the light at the moment he was released in a video released by a taliban website .
former colleagues accused him of being a deserter .
bergdahl said his captors kept him in a cage for weeks on end in total darkness -lrb- stock photo -rrb- .
the wall street journal reports that bergdahl does n't yet want to speak with his parents on the phone .
the new york times quotes military sources as say he has gotten a letter from his sister , but has so far declined to respond .
he also does not have access to news media and does not know the political controversy that his release has caused in the u.s. military officials are planning a re-union with his family at a medical facility in texas , though they say he is not yet psychologically ready for such a reunion .
the times reports that sergeant bergdahl