by .
michael zennie .
cops investigating the murder of texting 14-year-old april millsap have set up roadblocks in her michigan hometown and questioned hundreds of drivers - hoping to generate new leads in the case .
police say tips all but dried up after they raided the home of a sex offender and made two arrests earlier this week .
however , both men face charges only related to marijuana found in the home and cops have not said that they are suspects in april 's murder .
` everyone thinks this case is solved .
it is not .
nobody is in custody for april 's death , ' michigan state police lieutenant michael shaw told the macomb daily newspaper .
scroll down for video .
cops reportedly stopped and questioned every driver coming into or leaving armada , michigan on thursday night - one week after april millsap was found murdered in a ditch .
rain or shine : even a rainstorm did n't stop officers from questioning drivers .
authorities say the operation yielded helpful tips in the investigation .
horrific : family members say april millsap , 14 , was beaten to death as she was walking her dog penny on a popular hiking path near her house last thursday .
local cops , state police troopers and fbi agents were out in force in armada , michigan , on thursday night , stopping every car going into or leaving town , wxyz-tv reports .
the three-hour ` rolling canvas ' backed up traffic and angered some civil libertarians , who say the tactics are unconstitutional .
however , authorities say the maneuver generated helpful leads .
officers were looking for anyone who was in the area of macomb orchard trail between 6pm and 6.30 pm last thursday night - or saw april walking her dog penny , which she did every evening .
investigators also asked if anyone had seen a blue-and-white motorcycle in the area at the time - which remains one of their best clues to discovering who killed april .
april was found dead in a ditch near .
macomb orchard trail by joggers last thursday .
her faithful dog penny , whom she walked .
on the trail every night , was guarding her body .
traffic into armada backed up all along the major roadways on thursday as cops