a top figure in islamic state 's .
self-declared police force which carries out beheadings has himself been found decapitated in eastern syria with a cigarette stuffed in his mouth .
his mutilated body showed signs of torture , and pinned to his head was a note stating : ` this is evil , you sheikh ' .
residents in areas controlled by islamic state -lrb- isis -rrb- have said the group has banned smoking in public .
scroll down for video .
rebel fighters take up positions behind sand barricades as the war in syria drags on in the wake of hundreds of atrocities prepetrated by isis militants .
rebel fighters dart across open territory during an advance in syria 's al-breij frontline .
the city of kobani has been reduced to rubble after months of entrenched fighting between isis extremists and government forces .
the man was an egyptian national and was known as the deputy 'em ir ' of the al-hesbah force in a syrian province , the syrian observatory for human rights said .
rami abdulrahman , who runs the british-based observatory , said it was still unclear who was reponsible for the man 's death .
he said : ` we do not know whether islamic state killed him or whether .
it was local people or other fighters .
` either way it is important , because he was a very important .
man , ' he said , adding that he believed it was the first time .
that an al-hesbah member had been killed in such a way .
his corpse was found near a power plant in al-mayadeen city in the deir-al-zor province .
islamic state -lrb- isis -rrb- , an offshoot of al-qaeda which has drawn in .
foreign fighters , has seized .
land in syria and neighbouring iraq .
it has been the target of .
u.s.-led air strikes in both countries since september .
while isis has fought with other insurgents and cracked .
down on local populations , it has also killed its own members .
for what it describes as violations .
news of the emir 's beheading comes just a day after pictures emerged of what appears to show isis soldiers executing a group of iraqi policemen .
entitled ` the day of judgement ' , the photos show eight iraqi men dressed in