a new high-security fence erected in calais to stop migrants crossing the channel to britain has been blown over in 100mph winds .
sections of the 12ft steel barrier , which was only installed at the french port last month , were flattened on friday night as storms wreaked havoc on both side of the english channel .
the incident could have led to chaos in the french port , amid fears migrants would take the opportunity to invade the terminal .
but the high winds also prompted ferry services to be cancelled .
a new high-security fence erected in calais to stop migrants crossing the channel to britain has been blown over in 100mph winds .
sections of the 12ft steel barrier , which was only installed at the french port last month , were flattened on friday night as storms wreaked havoc on both side of the english channel .
the fence , which is topped with razor wire to deter refugees , was funded through a # 12m grant from britain to help french authorities tighten security at the terminal .
a calais police spokesman said : ` the fence had only been up for a matter of weeks .
` it provided a second layer of security for the ferry port after repeated attempts to break into the terminal by migrants during the summer .
` work has already begun to repair the damaged sections of the fence , and full security should be restored in several days .
' tensions have been mounting in calais in recent months as hundreds more refugees fleeing war zones in the middle east and poverty in africa flood across europe .
at least 15 migrants died during 2014 as they tried to get to britain from france , either by drowning in the sea , or being knocked over by lorries .
before the fence was erected , 250 illegal immigrants stormed the ferry terminal in a bid to board ferries and lorries bound for the uk .
the fence , which is topped with razor wire to deter refugees , was funded through a # 12m grant from britain to help french authorities tighten security at the terminal .
after the incident in october , home secretary theresa may promised to give france # 12m to tighten security .
the uk also offered calais an 11-mile long high