new genetic research has revealed that a small group of hunter-gatherers now living in southern africa once was so large that it comprised the majority of living humans .
only during the last 22,000 years have the other african ethnicities , including the ones giving rise to europeans and asians , have become the bigger populations , researchers say .
however , their fall has been quick - the khoisan -lrb- who sometimes call themselves bushmen -rrb- now number about 100,000 individuals , while the rest of humanity numbers 7 billion .
scroll down for video .
the khoisan -lrb- who sometimes call themselves bushmen -rrb- now number about 100,000 individuals , while the rest of humanity numbers 7 billion .
however , they once comprised the biggest group on earth , new analysis has found .
the khoisan speak in ` click ' languages , and have also maintained the greatest genetic diversity known among human populations .
the distinct clicks of their language have been incorporated into zulu and xhosa speech .
they have also contributed to the richness of afrikaans and south african english with words such as ` eina ' -lrb- ouch -rrb- and ` aikhona ' -lrb- absolutely not -rrb- .
khoisan traditions include snuff and makaranga tobacco .
this is a very strong tobacco that is mixed with wild honey and made into a paste before being allowed to dry .
their lives and ways have remained unaltered for hundreds of generations , with only recent events endangering their hunter-gatherer lifestyles , according to the study set to be published in nature communications .
by comparing nearly all the genes of these individuals with the genomes of 1,462 people from around the world , the researchers discovered that the inflow of new genes into the khoisan peoples has been quite restricted the past 150,000 years , indicating that this large hunter-gatherer culture was physically isolated for most of its history and that its men typically did not take wives from outside the group .
` khoisan hunter-gatherers in southern africa always have perceived themselves as the oldest people ' said stephan schuster , a former penn state university professor now at nanyang technological university in singapore .
researchers on the project included scientists at penn state and other research universities in the united states , brazil , and singapore .
the nature communication paper