by .
sam webb and martin robinson .
published : .
03:36 est , 7 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
10:34 est , 7 november 2012 .
henry jackson , whose company bought failing retailer comet , could make millions on the sale of the firm , while thousands face losing their jobs .
an american financier who bought comet for # 2 could now make millions from its sale , despite leading it into administration .
multi-millionaire henry jackson bought the electricals company nine months ago and now more than 6,600 staff are facing redundancy after it went bust last week .
yet because his company opcapita are secured creditors , he could still rake in a large portion of a potential .
# 50m liquidation sale of comet .
john gorle , of the union of shop , distributive and allied workers , said : ` this will really stick in the craw of comet 's 6,600 staff and it should also anger taxpayers , who could end up footing the bill for any unpaid wages and redundancy pay .
' but opcaptia say it took significant steps to turn the business around for the long term , while facing an uphill struggle .
a spokesman added that comet 's large credit insurers withdrew cover shortly before it completed the acquisition , meaning it had to pay up front for stock .
the financier is married to canadian-born pop singer stacey jackson , who has worked with rap star snoop dogg .
while comet 's british staff were considering life without a job , she tweeted yesterday about having successful meetings in los angeles and her ` addiction ' to low fat snack pop-chips .
comet 's demise hit home after it refused to accept a # 500 gift card from a four-year-old cerebral palsy sufferer .
couple : businessman henry with is popstar wife stacey jackson at an event in london this year .
wife : jackson 's wife stacey is a pop star who yesterday tweeted about her addiction to low fat snacks .
recording : stacey jackson 's career has allowed her to perform with rap star snoop dogg .
samuel horton was left heartbroken when his gift card , given to him by the family fund charity in order to buy an ipad to help him complete school homework , was