a lawyer for phone-hacking victims in the uk will meet the american attorney representing 9/11 families who fear their phones were also illegally hacked .
mark lewis , the solicitor representing many celebrities who have won damages against the news of the world in london , is crossing the atlantic to take the battle to the doorstep of rupert murdoch 's media empire .
he is planning to launch three civil lawsuits over alleged phone-hacking against news corp. .
victim by association : while princess diana -lrb- left -rrb- may not have had her phone hacked , it is thought that her butler paul burrell -lrb- right -rrb- did .
but while in new york mr lewis will .
also work with norman siegel , a lawyer who represents 20 families of .
victims of the 2001 outrage .
u.s. attorney general eric holder .
launched an investigation last year after reports that news of the world .
journalists had asked a new york private detective to hack their .
phones , which he declined to do .
mr siegel said : ` at the time we could .
not find any evidence anyone i represent was hacked .
at this stage i .
ca n't comment further because i do n't know what will come out of the .
meeting .
' princess diana 's former butler paul .
burrell is expected to be one of the trio of individuals due to launch .
lawsuits claiming that their phones were hacked while they were on u.s. soil .
mr lewis said that one of the alleged .
victims was connected to princess diana and the royal household whilst a .
second is linked to the england football team .
the third is described as a ` hollywood case ' as the person was in touch with a well-known celebrity which made him a target .
in another first , at least once of the cases allegedly involves a phone belonging to a u.s. citizen .
mr lewis will file civil lawsuits in .
america on their behalf ` imminently ' as all three are claiming that the .
criminality took place whilst they were on u.s. soil .
possible victims : an acquaintance of jude law 's -lrb- left -rrb- is thought to be one of the people whose phone was hacked at jfk airport , and david beckham