by .
tom worden .
published : .
11:26 est , 20 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
11:36 est , 20 september 2012 .
a british mum critically injured in a quad bike crash in ibiza has died in hospital .
holidaymaker lisa darlington , 45 , lost her fight for life after a week in intensive care .
her son danny , 21 , has been arrested for allegedly driving the vehicle without a licence .
crash : lisa darlington , 45 , was injured in an accident on a road near cala llonga , a popular beach resort on ibiza 's south east coast , at around 9pm last thursday .
the accident happened on september 13 on a road near cala llonga , a beach resort on the spanish island 's south east coast .
police said ms darlington was a passenger on the quad being driven by her son , who lost control and smashed into a stone wall at around 8pm .
ms darlington suffered serious head injuries and was rushed by ambulance to the our lady of rosario hospital where she underwent emergency surgery .
doctors kept her in a drug-induced coma and she could only breath with the help of a machine .
she died in the hospital yesterday/on wednesday morning .
danny had allegedly rented the quad bike using a provisional uk driving licence , when a full licence is required to drive the vehicle on a road .
he was arrested and appeared before an investigating magistrate , who released him on bail .
he went straight from court to be at his mother 's bedside .
he has not been charged with any offence and the magistrate will decide at a later date whether he should face charges .
a spokesman for the foreign office said : ` we can confirm the death of a british national on 19 september in ibiza .
we continue to provoke consular assistance to the family .
` we are aware of the arrest of a british national on 14 september and we are providing consular assistance .
' the accident was the fourth in ibiza involving a quad bike this month and the sixth since june .
on september 9 a british couple , aged 64 and 52 , were run down by a quad bike in the party town