hollywood actress brittany murphy would still be alive today if her mother had called for an ambulance 24 hours before she collapsed , a leading pathologist claimed yesterday .
tragically murphy was so frightened of the paparazzi outside her home she had turned into a social recluse and was reluctant to receive medical help when she first started having trouble breathing .
miss murphy was also very sedated due to the drugs she was taking and so may not have appeared as ill as she was .
as a result miss murphy 's mother sharon only called 911 after her daughter sank into her arms , lifeless , on the morning of december 20 , 2009 .
scroll down for video .
murphy pictured in 2006 in sydney at the premiere for the movie happy feet .
she died three years later .
tomorrow night a new documentary will examine the final hours of the 32-year-old actress , who soared to fame after appearing in the hit 1995 comedy clueless before starring in films including 8 mile and sin city .
officially , the coroner attributed her death to pneumonia and anaemia - the same ailments that would kill her husband , british filmmaker simon monjack , 40 , five months later .
rumours also circulated at the time that miss murphy was a cocaine addict and had an eating disorder .
now pathologist dr richard shepherd , who was involved in examining the deaths of princess diana and murdered crimewatch host jill dando , has claimed miss murphy 's life could have been saved if she had been seen by doctors 24 hours earlier .
dr shepherd said : ` by the time brittany collapsed in her bathroom there was probably nothing the paramedics or hospital staff could have done to save her .
but had she been taken to hospital 24 hours earlier and given intravenous drugs , there is a very good chance she would have survived and would still be here today .
' the pathologist does n't say it was deliberate , nor does he directly blame the mother .
but it is the mother who called the ambulance in the end .
dr shepherd does not blame sharon for her daughter 's death and in the documentary explains they may not have realised how ill she was as she was addicted to prescription drugs