by .
sam webb .
published : .
14:38 est , 27 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
15:56 est , 27 december 2012 .
these incredible images of some of the world 's most sophisticated aerial warfare technology were taken during today 's graduation ceremony for israeli pilots .
the images , taken at the hatzerim air force base near the southern city of beersheba , israel , provide a rare glimpse into the astonishing air power wielded by the israeli air force , an arm of the israeli defence force -lrb- idf -rrb- .
the israeli air force was born in the war of independence in 1948 and has grown from four czechoslovakian messerschmitt planes to a vast and technologically sophisticated force .
pyrotechnics : an israeli boeing ah-64 apache longbow helicopter launches anti-missile flares during today 's air show at the graduation ceremony of israeli pilots .
might : israel has a sophisticated and well-trained air force that uses fighter jets , attack helicopters and drone technology .
technology includes the u.s.-built f16i fighter jet and the boeing ah-64 apache attack helicopter , as well as a vast array of support vehicles and state-of-the-art drone technology .
israel spends 7.3 per cent of its gdp on its military , making it the country with the sixth highest expenditure in the world .
the graduation ceremony also saw an american-made israeli mcdonnell douglas f-15i fighter jet launch anti-missile flares , while engaging in aerobatic manoeuvres .
the american mcdonnell douglas f-15 eagle is a twin-engine , all-weather tactical fighter that is used by air forces throughout the world .
it is considered among the most successful modern fighters , with over 100 aerial combat victories with no losses in dogfights , according to aviation writer mike spick .
interceptor : an israeli air force fighter jet releases flares during an acrobatics display .
might : the iaf had 43 f15s as of january 2011 .
it is an air superiority craft with ground strike capabilities .
defence : the flares seen in this image are used as a countermeasure against enemy ` heat-seeking ' missiles .
joy : israeli pilots throw their hats in the air as they celebrate at their graduation ceremony .
according to a 2011 report by israel 's institute for national security studies , the iaf currently has : .