by .
bianca london .
they 're the quadruplets who made .
medical history when they were born prematurely a year ago and now .
caroline , darcy , alexis and elisha are celebrating their first .
birthday .
after nearly a .
decade of trying , justin and christine clark had almost given up hope .
of becoming parents and had resigned themselves to being childless .
it .
was their first round of ivf that proved successful - quite .
spectacularly .
and that is .
not the only reason the quads are extraordinary .
incredibly , they are .
also the result of just one embryo after it split into three and then .
one of those embryos split into two .
how they 've grown !
the famous clark quads -lrb- l-r -rrb- caroline , darcy , elisha and alexis are today celebrating their first birthday .
the odds of one embryo creating four babies is likely to only happen once every 4,000 years , according to experts .
` we 're .
the first people it 's happened to and even some doctors find it hard to .
believe , ' justin told the daily mail at the time of birth .
today , the four girls are celebrating with a party at their home in rotherham , south yorks .
` it 's .
been an incredible first year , ' 44-year-old justin told the .
express .
` that first night home was just chaos , they were all crying at .
different times and all needed constant feeding .
i 'd love to say it 's .
got easier but it has n't .
' proud parents : justin and caroline clark brought their four three-month-old daughters home from a special care unit last month - and they 've had their hands full ever since .
miracle babies : caroline , darcy , alexis and elisha were born at 30 weeks after their mother was hospitalised .
little miracles : after nearly a decade of trying , justin and christine clark had almost given up hope of becoming parents but their first round of ivf proved successful and here they are today .
justin and christine met in a pub 12 .
years ago and married three years later .
like most young , married .
couples , they longed to start