by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
published : .
07:51 est , 28 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:55 est , 28 january 2013 .
david cameron , pictured leaving downing street today , has told french president francois hollande he is ` keen ' to offer more military help in mali .
david cameron has sent his top security advisor to paris to step up britain 's military help for french forces fighting islamist militants in mali .
in what will be seen as an escalation in the uk 's commitment to the mission , the prime minister told french president francois hollande he was ` keen ' to send in more intelligence , transport and logistical support .
national security adviser sir kim darroch is in paris today to meet his french counterparts about which extra british forces will be committed .
` we are in discussions with france about what more we can do , ' downing street said .
french and malian troops are reported to be close to securing the key city of timbuktu as rebels fled into the desert .
the raf has already provided two heavy-lift c17 transport planes and a sentinel surveillance aircraft to assist france 's operation .
but mr cameron used a phone call to mr hollande last night to make clear his willingness to offer more british kit and personnel to the french intervention .
` the prime minister made clear that we fully support the french government 's actions working with the malian government , at their request , to deny terrorists a safe haven in mali , ' the pm 's official spokesman told reporters .
` the prime minister went on to explain that we are keen to provide further assistance where we can , depending on what french requirements there may be .
' sir kim is meeting french authorities .
to discuss what further assistance britain may be able to provide to .
them .
but downing street insisted there would be ` no combat role ' .
instead , mr cameron has offered additional logistics , intelligence and surveillance support .
scroll down for video .
national security advisor sir kim darroch is in paris to discuss britain offering extra help to french troops to defeat islamist terror groups in mali .
on saturday an raf spy