a never-before-seen video shows the moment barack obama reunited with his half-brother mark obama ndesandjo after two decades apart .
ndesandjo , who shares the same father as the president , decided to surprise his half-brother right before a debate with hillary clinton in the lead up to the 2008 elections .
the half-brothers had met on only one prior occasion , when obama visited his father 's family in kenya in 1988 .
the video obtained by inside edition shows candidate obama entering the room , seeing his brother and looking extremely surprised .
scroll down for video .
shocked : president obama saw his brother mark obama ndesandjo for the first time in 20 years before a debate with hillary clinton in 2008 .
surprised : ndesandjo showed up out of the blue , flying from his home in china to texas for the debate .
` how are you ?
good to see you , ' obama says as he goes up to hug his brother and slap him on the back .
` how you been man ?
' ` it was amazing , ' ndesandjo recalled of the reunion .
` we just laughed and we hugged each other and we were brothers .
' president obama is ndesandjo 's older half-brother .
their father , barack obama sr , married ndesanjo 's mother ruth baker a few months after divorcing the president 's mother , ann dunham .
closer now : ndesandjo and his wife post with the president in this undated photo from 2013 .
the home video was released as ndesandjo works to publicize his new autobiography , cultures : my odyssey of self-discovery , which gives a shocking new perspective on the president 's father .
while the president did n't grow up with his father , ndesandjo and his mother moved with obama sr back to kenya where he spent his childhood .
different lives : while the president grew up without his father , ndesandjo and his mother ruth baker moved to kenya with barack obama sr. .
on the left , a young barack obama with his father on his one visit to hawaii in the 1970s .
on the right , obama sr and ndesandjo 's mother ruth baker .
lost touch : before their reunion in 2008 , president obama and his half-brother had met only