pop sensation justin bieber is ` heartbroken ' after his pet monkey was seized by customs officials - because the baby singer demanded mally accompany him on a long-haul flight to germany .
canadian bieber 's increasingly bizarre behaviour is concerning aides after he insisted mally travelled on his private jet - even though he had no paperwork to show to customs officials in munich .
according to sources the 19-year-old , who had travelled from la to munich , was ` detained for some time ' by furious customs officers who demanded to see a health certificate for the monkey - which justin could not provide .
scroll down for video .
monkey business : justin bieber 's beloved monkey mally has been seized by customs officials after the star allegedly demanded to travel into the eu with his pet .
mally is now in quarantine and teen idol justin could face prosecution from german authorities and a # 10,000 fine .
a source told the sun : ` he and mally go everywhere together .
he will be heartbroken .
` justin has been acting like a right diva .
he is out of control and lives in an alternative reality to the rest of us .
' the friend likened capuchin monkey mally , who was given to justin as a birthday present from music producer jamal racshid , to michael jackson 's beloved pet bubbles - who accompanied the tragic singer to a number of concerts .
primate pals : justin went in to perform on stage at the olympiahalle in munich as mally stayed in quarantine at the star 's expense .
seized : customs officials at munich franz josef strauss airport -lrb- pictured -rrb- took mally into quarantine after discovering justin did n't have the right paperwork .
customs officials in germany demand to see detailed paperwork from pet owners , especially if the flight originated from outside the eu .
justin has been on a hectic schedule , going from poland to la on monday in his luxury cessna citation , and then onto munich on thursday .
it is thought the boyfriend singer travelled on to austria by bus - but without his beloved pet .
the superstar denied he was having a breakdown after he kept fans waiting for two hours at the o2 in london and then went on to