eddie lacy ran for a touchdown and caught one of aaron rodgers ' three td passes as the green bay packers built a 24-point lead before holding on for a 43-37 victory over the atlanta falcons on monday .
the packers -lrb- 10-3 -rrb- earned their fifth consecutive victory to stay a game up on detroit in the nfc north .
atlanta dropped to 5-8 , but remained in a first-place tie with new orleans in the woeful nfc south .
` good victory tonight , our seventh victory at home this year ... 10 victories has always been kind of a benchmark , ' coach mike mccarthy said .
` in the nfc , 11 wins will probably be more of a benchmark this year .
' aaron rodgers three three touchdown passes as the green bay packers won their fifth straight game .
eddie lacy ran in a touchdown and caught one more as the packer built a 24-point lead .
julio jones had a career-best 259 yards receiving for the falcons before leaving with a hip injury .
jones had a 22-yard touchdown catch in a 20-point fourth quarter that helped atlanta cut into green bay 's big lead .
matt ryan 's 2-yard touchdown pass to harry douglas with 2:15 left got atlanta within six .
but the packers recovered the ensuing onside kick .
roddy white answers the green bay scores with a touchdown reception for the atlanta falcons .
julio jones catches a touchdown reception for atlanta to as they ensured green bay would face a nervy end .
lacy left in the fourth quarter with bruised hip .
backup running back james starks effectively ended atlanta 's upset hopes with a 41-yard run to the falcons 6 with 1:37 left .
atlanta came frustratingly close to a rare victory in titletown .
green bay held on for its seventh home win , but the porous pass defense may have given potential playoff foes some hope that lambeau field may not be that impenetrable after all .
the falcons did damage even with jones hobbling on the sideline , appearing to favor his left side .
rodgers celebrates after another flawless game that kept the packers atop the nfc north division .
rodgers and atlanta quarterback matt ryan shake hands after the game at lambeau field .
ryan threw for 375 yards and four