by .
daily mail reporter .
the body of a 22-year-old man who went missing after a country music concert five days ago has been found in a dumpster at a landfill facility .
cory barron was last seen at a jason aldean concert at cleveland 's progressive field with family and friends on friday night .
he was found dead in a dump truck at lorain county landfill on tuesday afternoon .
the truck had just completed a garbage route in cleveland .
now police are investigating the possibility he died after falling down a garbage chute at the stadium - a five to six-story drop .
scroll down for video .
heartbreaking : cory barron , 22 -lrb- pictured right with his sister britta -rrb- was found dead in a dump truck at lorain county landfill in cleveland on tuesday afternoon .
well-liked : cory barron , 22 , graduated from fremont ross high school , where he played football , several years ago -lrb- pictured at graduation ceremony -rrb- .
` i 'm not going to speculate at this point , ' cleveland police commander james chura told wkyc .
` looks like he could have fallen into the dumpster or crawled in there or something .
it is still under investigation ... we just got to see where it 's going to go .
' he said police are still treating the case as a ` dead body investigation ' rather than a homicide .
` we 're checking the scene .
the dead body was found in the dumpster , so we 're looking at all the access points to the dumpster ... throughout the building , ' he said .
he added the investigation will become clearer once lorain county coroner 's office completes an autopsy .
police said barron had no obvious injuries , and was found with his wallet and concert ticket stub .
vanished : cory barron 's family reported him missing on saturday afternoon and circulated posters and pictures like this one online in a bid to find him .
scene : cory barron , 22 , was last seen at the jason aldean concert at progressive field in cleveland -lrb- pictured -rrb- on friday night .
news of the death has devastated friends and family who reported barron , a former high school football player , missing on saturday