these are the incredible pictures of one man 's remarkable encounter with the world 's most dangerous snake .
forrest galante , with girlfriend jessica evans , travelled around the south pacific and indonesia in search of the region 's most beautiful and dangerous wildlife .
there , they encountered banded sea kraits .
with venom ten times stronger than a cobra 's , banded sea kraits are the most toxic snakes in the world .
scroll down for video .
forrest 's girlfriend jessica evans gets in on the act as she gets scarily close to the world 's most venomous snake on the beach .
forrest galante poses on the beach with the world 's most dangerous snake the banded sea krait .
the banded sea krait has venom that is 10 times stronger than that of a cobra .
zimbabwean-born forrest 's first encounter took place while spearfishing for their dinner off a remote island in vava'u , tonga .
he said : ' i could not deny myself the opportunity to interact with such a beautiful sea snake .
' i repeatedly dove down and managed to free the snake from the intertwined coral head he had taken refuge in and managed to do it without being bitten .
` my approach to life and wildlife is always very hands on , so when i see something new and unusual , my first instinct is always to go catch it and have a look .
forrest dove down and managed to free the snake from the intertwined coral head he had taken refuge in .
` what was really amazing and surprising was the abundance of really big banded sea kraits in indonesia .
` in one afternoon we were able to locate and examine 14 different individuals .
i 'd be lying if i said it did n't get the heart racing a little .
' banded sea kraits are found in south-east asia where they hunt for fish by hiding in the coral before attacking with a highly venomous bite to paralyse their prey .
the couple were travelling around the south pacific and indonesia to encounter some ` dangerous animals ' after they had posed with their magnificent find , the couple allowed the snake go back to the water .
forrest said : ` had either of us been bitten there 's