a penthouse at the former sony building on madison avenue in new york is set to become the city 's most expensive listing at $ 150million according to therealdeal.com -- and it does n't even have a backyard or a roof terrace .
but it does have 21,000-square-feet of floor space , eight bedrooms , eight bathrooms and 10 powder rooms .
the triplex will occupy floors 33 through 35 of the 37-storey tower and its price is set to eclipse that paid for the current record holder -- 57 st 's one57 overlooking central park , which went for a staggering $ 100.47 million .
scroll down for video .
a penthouse at the former sony building on madison avenue in new york is set to become the city 's most expensive listing at $ 150million .
the apartment , in the philip johnson-designed building between 55th and 56th streets , is being built by real estate powerhouse the chetrit group and clipper equity .
the new owner will enter through a private elevator to living quarters worth about $ 6,975 per square foot , according to therealdeal.com .
viewed this way it 's not worth as much as a new triplex coming on the market atop 520 park avenue .
this will be listed for less - $ 130million -- but will be worth $ 10,489 per square foot .
the owner of the madison avenue apartment will enjoy a gym and spa , a billiards room , wine room , media room , a library , a huge master bedroom with an adjacent study and a gallery for hanging art .
the commute for staff will be very short indeed - they get their own bedrooms and bathroom on the lower level .
blueprints : these plans , first published exclusively in therealdeal.com , show that the new owner will have a gym , spa , billiards room , wine room and a media room .
plus quarters for staff -lrb- pictured is the bottom level -rrb- .
roomy : on the middle level is a dining room , kitchen , living room and a library , plus access via the stairs to the first and third floors .
top of the heap : the luxurious apartment also boasts several guest bedrooms and a gigantic master bedroom that has its own private study .
the rest of