a pakistani supermodel has been charged with money laundering offences after she was caught carrying over half a million dollars in islamabad airport .
21-year-old ayyan ali - who has modeled everything from mobile phones to ice cream - was jailed after a staggering amount of money was discovered in her carry-on bag , the guardian reports .
she was charged with attempting to illegally transport more than the legal $ 10,000 cash limit out of the country on march 14 - and has been in a rawalpindi prison since .
ali was last seen in public wearing an ` uncharacteristic ' black burka outside court as a horde of fellow models gathered nearby .
scroll down for video .
illegal : the staggering amount of cash found on ali is way more than the $ 10,000 it is legally allowed to fly out of the country with .
arrested : pakistani supermodel ayyan ali -lrb- pictured -rrb- has been in jail since march 14 , when she caught with over $ 500,000 in her carry-on bag in islamabad airport .
found out : ali was caught with the money in the vip departure lounge of benazir bhutto international airport -lrb- file photo -rrb- .
in recent years she has been one of the most famous models at pakistan fashion week which has been described as a ` three-day extravaganza ' .
a former model-turned-public relations guru says the country 's fashionista circles can talk about nothing else .
frieha altaf added : ` some are unkind because they are jealous -- everyone b ***** s about the beautiful people .
' ever since she was caught in the vip departure lounge of benazir bhutto international airport , she has been housed in adiala which is the central prison of the garrison city rawalpindi .
officials there have denied claims she is receiving special privileges because of her celebrity status with one officer saying private cells are only made available for government officials and the ` highly educated ' .
she has been denied bail to the outrage of her lawyer who said : ` all agencies have interrogated her and she is no more required for any purpose whatsoever .
sardar ishaq added : ` she is living with ordinary criminals -- ladies involved in murder cases .
it will ruin her life .
' many in pakistan 's