if you 're running low on fuel beware of filling up on the m42 because it charges drivers the ` consistently highest ' motorway petrol prices in britain , an exclusive new seven month study revealed .
motorists on the m42 to the south and east of birmingham in the west midlands regularly face the most expensive unleaded costs , while those on the m61 in the north west of england face the highest prices for diesel .
details emerged in new investigation for the daily mail by fuel experts petrolprices.com who tracked fuel prices at 133 motorway filling stations in the period from june until the end of december just as prices nationally were beginning to plummet .
motorists on the m42 in the west midlands regularly face the most expensive unleaded costs .
it reveals that motorists forced to play the m-way lottery could be paying up to 18p more per litre of unleaded -- or around # 9 per fill-up - on these most expensive motorways than on the cheapest ones .
for diesel the gap can widen to 20p adding # 10 to a fill-up .
but compared to the average prices for unleaded fuel across the uk , the difference can be up to 23p per litre -- or # 11.50 per fill up .
drivers routinely pay up to 10p a litre more on average than off the motorway in a practice that ministers have condemned as ` a rip-off ' .
by contrast , the best-value motorway outlets are on the m65 in the north west of england and m8 in scotland , where prices are often less than the national average for unleaded and diesel .
the detailed investigation follows the government 's announcement of plans to force motorway filling stations to display their prices -- and those of subsequent outlets -- on giant roadside poles so motorists can choose whether to fill-up now or drive on to a cheaper outlet .
the petrolprices.com report does not name individual outlets , but highlights the costliest motorways as a whole .
it notes : ` every motorway with a service station was included , and the maximum and minimum price of standard unleaded and standard diesel was recorded , along with the price difference for these fuels between the most and least expensive outlets on each motorway .
' drivers on the m61