by .
rebecca evans .
published : .
19:08 est , 21 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
01:49 est , 22 april 2013 .
from rose-print oven gloves to strawberry-covered ironing boards , her hugely successful designs evoke a bygone age of traditional domesticity .
but it seems that is not a time cath kidston herself is keen to return to .
the businesswoman says she has never wanted to be ` that housewife ' who gets ` supper ready in the evening ' .
despite making millions from products associated with old-fashioned homemaking , the designer insists she does not ` aspire to that existence ' and believes ` it 's nice to have one 's own life and support oneself ' .
lifestyle choice : despite making millions from products associated with old-fashioned homemaking , designer cath kidston believes ` it 's nice to have one 's own life and support oneself ' many of miss kidston 's highly popular products evoke a 1950s idyll of domestic life , when a woman stayed at home to cook , clean and care for her husband .
so sought-after are her colourful sewing-kits , watering cans , tea cosies , baking trays and tablecloths that the business is now worth # 89million .
yet the 54-year-old , who married long-term partner hugh padgham last year and has one step-daughter , says she has no desire to be a woman who is financially supported by her husband and left free to spend her time baking .
she said : ` my mother did n't work .
my father even paid the housekeeping bills , so she was entirely dependent .
` then she was widowed when she was quite young , and i think it was seeing her so vulnerable that gave me the motivation to do this .
' and while plenty of shoppers have miss kidston 's products in pride of place in their homes , she is not keen to do the same herself -- because she ` does n't like fussy things ' .
she said her taste is ` all quite clean ' , adding : ` people come to my house in chiswick and say , `` oh , you have n't got much cath kidston !
'' ' she said she did keep her own range of mugs and tablecloths at