an american adventurer and environmental activist has spoken of how he managed to stay clean - despite not showering for an entire year .
rob greenfield , 27 , has spent the last year bathing only in natural water resources such as rivers , lakes , waterfalls and in the rain .
when natural water was not available , he would go in search of fire hydrants and leaking taps .
environmental activist rob greenfield , pictured covered in algae in new jersey , managed to stay clean despite not showering for an entire year by bathing in only natural water resources .
mr greenfield , pictured washing at the great allegheny passage , in pennsylvania , spent the last year bathing only in rivers , lakes , waterfalls and in the rain .
however , if there was no natural source of water available , mr greenfield would have to go in search of fire hydrants and leaking taps .
he is pictured here bathing by a leaking fire hydrant in brooklyn , new york .
the idea for the project came to mr greenfield while he was cycling across america to promote sustainability and eco-friendly living .
mr greenfield , who lives in san diego in california , initially planned to go shower-free for 100 days during his bike ride , but once he was done cycling , he extended the time period - first to six months and then a year .
the average american consumes around 100 gallons of water a day , but mr greenfield said on average he used around two gallons a day for the entire year .
mr greenfield , whose activism and outlook on life have gained him tens of thousands of social media followers , said that he hopes to encourage people to live happier and healthier lifestyles .
the adventurer , who once ate only dumpster meals for a week to build awareness of food waste , runs an environmentally active marketing company called the greenfield group in san diego .
he said : ` for the entire bike ride i had committed to not taking a shower and instead just swimming in lakes and rivers when i came across them .
mr greenfield -lrb- pictured in lake michigan -rrb- initially planned to go shower-free for 100 days while cycling across america .
he then extended the time period