by .
katy winter .
a # 100,000 hoard of vintage clothing has been discovered in dusty old house after the death of a real-life miss havisham .
vervia todd developed a secret obsession with fine clothing after the death of her fiance during the second world war , travelling abroad each year to develope her collection , but keeping her amazing wardorbe before the discovery after her death last year .
vervia , who was 92 when she died last november , never remarried after the tragic loss of her husband in her early twenties , and instead took the annual holidays on her own until the very last years of her life .
each year she would buy a new suitcase .
and fill it with the finest specially-made clothing , only to stash it .
away unpacked upon her return .
vervia todd , pictured right on her retirement day , and left at about age 10 , died last year leaving a vast collection of vintage couture .
many of the clothes remained hidden for over half a century , with one designer dress even being found up the chimney .
vervia .
closed off rooms full of clothes in her three-story townhouse in .
houghton le-spring , county durham , hoarding her vast collection of .
couture and designer pieces over a period of seventy years .
the .
house gradually fell into disarray and the dusty old rooms remained .
unchanged for decades , stuck in an eerie time capsule reminiscent of .
miss havisham 's decaying mansion in the charles dickens novel great .
expectations .
journalist emma pearson wearing a 1940s fred howard satin cocktail dress with 1920s fur and diamanté clutch bag and 1950s bow shoes .
part of the incredible ` once in a lifetime ' collection of vintage clothing from the 1940s , 50s , 60s and 70s that has been uncovered in houghton le-spring , county durham which will go on sale in a special ticket only event on the 7th december .
the vast collection , which no one realised existed , has taken 13 months to sort an organise .
in one of the .
bedrooms , the faded floral wallpaper is hung upside down , whilst a .
once-opulent stand-alone bath dominates the archaic bathroom .
vervia had remained .
tight-lipped about her phenomenal style