by .
jack crone for mailonline .
this surveillance footage captures the sinister moment a mafia boss lectures 14 of his chosen disciples on the importance of honour , tradition and extortion .
the secret meeting , which resembles a scene from the godfather , took place in the small , secluded town of frauenfeld , just north of zurich in switzerland .
the clip shows don antonio nesci , nicknamed ` the swiss mountain ' , instructing his fellow gangsters on the elaborate and decorated history of the calabrian ` ndrangheta gun and drugs mafia .
scroll down for video .
mafia boss antonio nesci , nicknamed ` the swiss mountain ' , can be seen with his arms outstretched on the right-hand side of the screen lecturing his new recruits .
he tells the men - believed to be new recruits : ` you can work in everything -- extortion , cocaine , heroin .
` there is everything , 10 kilos , 20 kilos a day .
i will bring it to you personally but then i do n't want to know anything more about it .
' the video was released by italian police following the arrest of at least 16 ` ndrangheta suspects last friday , the independent reports .
the arrests were the culmination of an elaborate police investigation called operation helvetia - launched in 2012 .
the covert camera footage , which formed a key part of the sting , offers a rare insight into the secret world of the calabrian mafia and its unusual rituals .
translated from italian , nesci starts the meeting by announcing : ' i baptise this place - as it was christened by our spanish knights , osso mastrosso and carcagnosso ' who arrived in calabria ` with irons and chains ' .
he then tells the men ` you can work in everything -- extortion , cocaine , heroin ' after officially baptising the meeting as part of a bizarre tradition .
roughly translated , he later insists ` we are clean , clean -- it has taken years to build up this reputation ... i repeat again , the society of frauenfeld is one of honour , wisdom and dignity ' he then unashamedly talks about the gang 's extortion rackets and murders - not included in the video .
swiss police have called nesci