a major storm has left 8000 sydney and central coast homes without power - and sydney is being warned to prepare for the return of severe storms and damaging winds overnight and throughout tuesday .
ausgrid are working to restore power to the homes and ses and nsw rural fire service are responding to storm related incidents from sydney to the hunter valley after the downpour saw intense rainfall , hail and winds .
residents in sydney and surrounding regions waited in anticipation as the sky turned black , with social media quickly filled with images of the ominous clouds as they closed in .
the western suburbs were first hit by the storm front at 6pm , with almost 90 km/h winds and horsley park recorded an enormous 12mm of rainfall in just ten minutes .
scroll down for video .
a spectacular light show lit up sydney habour as the storm hit the city .
a surfer walks from the water as a severe storm hit sydney at bronte beach in sydney 's east .
richmond experienced an 8.6 degree temperature drop in just ten minutes .
the storm then moved across to manly , with hail stones the size of ten cent pieces and a spectacular lightning show , before the cbd was drenched with sheets of water at around 7.15 pm .
sydney trains confirm that the train lines were extensively damaged as a result of the storm .
` heavy rain , lightening and high winds have created issues which impede on systems including overhead wiring and signalling functionality , ' a spokesperson for nsw transport told daily mail australia .
` six separate lightning strikes causing loss of power to signalling and damaging overhead wire occurred at cararmar , .
all service are expected to be restored for the morning 's peak hour commuters .
twitter users vented their frustration on social media , with all lines experiencing extensive delays .
at 7pm twitter user @rubenerd wrote : ` train shook violently and stopped .
being told we were hit by a tree .
well then !
# sydney trains '' they then continued : ` guard says we 'll be `` moving slowly '' .
me thinks north shore line about to get delay messages !
' another frustrated commuter could n't believe the impact the rainfall was having on the train lines