a young paralympic hopeful has been able to wrap presents and pull christmas crackers for the first time -- thanks to a new bionic hand .
lyndon longhorne , 19 , lost both his legs , his right arm and the fingers on his left hand after suffering meningitis as a baby .
previously , the teenager said pulling crackers , cutting up turkey and playing board games were a struggle , but this year his christmas has been transformed by having the gadget fitted .
last september dragon 's den star duncan ballantyne accompanied mr longhorne to have new prosthetic legs and a new knee joint fitted .
lyndon longhorne , 19 , has been fitted with a bionic hand which has allowed him to pull crackers , cut up turkey and play board games for the first time .
the hand can sense signals from the muscles in his arm .
mr longhorne lost both his legs , his right arm and the fingers on his left hand after suffering meningitis as a baby .
he was fitted with prosthetic legs -lrb- pictured -rrb- and a new knee joint on his right leg last september .
this has allowed him to walk unaided and pass his driving test .
this meant he was able to manoeuvre his knee without having to physically use his hand to turn it right or left .
since then , mr longhorne has learned to walk unaided , passed his driving test .
he is also an avid swimmer , and is currently training six days a week , hoping to swim for england in the 2016 paralympics in rio .
mr longhorne , of crook , county durham , says the bionic hand has changed his life .
he said : ' i am able to open and close my hand with ease and even to different degrees using the bionic hand .
` it means i can grasp objects using the muscles in my arms and it has made a huge difference to my life .
' the hand has two sensors inside which are able to read the signals sent from the muscles in his arm ; one muscle tells the hand to close and the other to open .
made by prosthetics company rslsteeper and called the ` bebionic ' hand , it is attached to his stump by