by .
sarah griffiths .
published : .
09:47 est , 11 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:48 est , 11 september 2013 .
giant pandas could advance the development of biofuels thanks to microbes found in their faeces .
a pair of pandas at memphis zoo are contributing their waste in the name of scientific research , which aims to develop biofuels of the future .
the pandas ' contribution could be added to by others from toronto zoo as scientists endeavour to shift biofuel production away from corn and other crops that are grown to be eaten and to non-food plant material instead .
a pair of pandas at memphis zoo -lrb- pictured -rrb- are contributing their waste in the name of scientific research , which aims to develop superior biofuels of the future .
ya ya and le le 's faeces could help scientists work out how to shift biofuel production away from corn and other crops grown to be eaten .
ashli brown , of mississippi state university , who is leading the research told the 246th national meeting & exposition of the american chemical society , said that the pandas are giving their faeces to the study .
` we have discovered microbes in panda feces might actually be a solution to the search for sustainable new sources of energy , ' she said .
` it 's amazing that here we have an endangered species that 's almost gone from the planet , yet there 's still so much we have yet to learn from it .
that underscores the importance of saving endangered and threatened animals .
' she has identified more than 40 microbes living in the guts of giant pandas at the memphis zoo that could make biofuel production from plant waste easier and cheaper .
the research , professor brown added , also may provide important new information for keeping giant pandas healthy .
ethanol made from corn is the most common alternative fuel in the u.s. but many fear that wide use of corn , soybeans and other food crops used for fuel production may raise food prices or lead to shortages of food .
professor brown pointed out that corn stalks , corn cobs and other plant material not used for food production would be better sources of ethanol .
scientists are keen on developing