the capital one cup final is just a few days away and mailonline sport has teamed up with capital one , the credit card company and league cup sponsor , to give you one last chance to be at wembley this sunday .
to be in with a chance to win simply answer the following question : .
who scored the winner when tottenham and chelsea last met in the league cup final back in 2008 ?
a -rrb- jonathan woodgate b -rrb- ledley king c -rrb- john terry .
e-mail your answer , along with your name , address and contact number to sportcomp@dailymail.co.uk to arrive by midday on thursday , february 26 .
please note : you must validate your entry with the words capital one cup tickets in your subject box and state whether you support chelsea or tottenham .
manchester city lifted the capital one cup last season after beating sunderland in the final .
capital one -- the card in your corner .
visit  facebook.com/capitaloneuk for more information .
normal associated newspapers terms and conditions apply - the editor 's decision is final .
1 open to uk residents aged 18 or over .
employees of capital one -lrb- europe -rrb- plc -lrb- `` capital one '' -rrb- and their immediate families -lrb- defined for the purpose of these terms as husband , wife , mother , father , sister , brother , son , daughter , or persons residing in the household of such employees -rrb- , together with any other person involved in the administration of the promotion or anyone subject to a football banning order are not eligible to participate .
the promoter reserves the right to verify the eligibility of entrants and check their identity .
2 .
the winners will receive one pair of tickets to the capital one cup final at wembley on sunday march 1 , 2014 .
the seats will be in either the section occupied by chelsea or tottenham fans , according to which team the entrant selects on their entry form .
3 .
there is no cash or other alternatives to the prize stated and no part or parts of the prize may be substituted for other benefits , items or additions .
the winner must be one of the guests and the prize is not transferrable .
4 .
the prize includes two