green-fingered : prince charles has allowed the clippings from yew hedges at his highgrove estate to be turned into cancer-fighting drugs .
he is well known for his love of homeopathy and natural health cures .
now prince charles is allowing the clippings from yew hedges in his beloved gardens at highgrove to be turned into cancer-fighting drugs .
this year 820lbs of cuttings from the common european yews that line large parts of his gloucestershire estate are being turned into treatments for breast , ovarian , lung and aids-related cancers .
the innovative scheme is the brainchild of a small chichester-based company , limehurst , which has been harvesting hedge clippings for use in cancer treatments for more than 20 years .
over 4,000 public and private gardens take part in the scheme -- and now highgrove has been added to the list , with some cuttings made by the gardening prince 's own fair hand .
according to one royal aide , the prince loves order and structure in his gardens and has planted dozens of yews in the world-famous grounds of his private country home , particularly in the sundial and cottage garden areas .
many of these have been made in topiaries , leading to a lot of waste which is normally made into compost .
this year , however , charles has given permission for the clippings from the hedges to be used in the treatment of cancer .
certain species of yews -- including those at highgrove - contain cancer fighting molecules known as taxanes in the tips of their branches .
these molecules work as what is known as an ` anti-mitotic ' and prevents cells from multiplying , halting the growth of those infected with cancer .
they also effectively prevent blood vessels supporting cancer cell growth .
the clippings can only be harvested at a certain time each year -- from june to september -- when yews are producing their new year growth .
this year 820lbs of cuttings from the common european yews that line large parts of his estate in doughton , gloucestershire , are being used for cancer drugs .
outside of this period , the vital chemical extracts found within yew hedges are significantly reduced as the stems become too ` woody ' .
once collected , the clippings are stabilised through drying at the limehurt 's