she 's the ex-pussycat doll turned x factor icon and pop princess .
but anyone who thinks that nicole scherzinger does n't have just as many body hang-ups and insecurities as the next woman , could n't be more wrong .
the singer , 36 , has opened up about the crippling self-doubt she felt throughout her dancer days in an interview with cosmopolitan magazine and especially her battle with bulimia .
scroll down for videos .
coverstar : nicole scherzinger graces the august cover of cosmopolitan .
gorgeous : nicole has opened up about her battle with bulimia during her pusscyat doll days .
` thinking about it i try not to well up , ' she tells jaqui meddings of cosmopolitan , of which nicole is this month 's cover star .
` it is such a horrible paralysing disease and it was such a dark time for me .
` that 's why i can empathise so much with people who have demons and voices in their heads , who are n't nice to themselves .
it robs you of living your life .
' nicole goes on to explain how , even though it looked to the outside world as though she had the world at her feet , the eating disorder got so bad she started losing her voice and was found on more than one occasion passed out on the floor .
doll domination : the pussycat dolls -lrb- from l-r -rrb- kimberly wyatt , ashley roberts , jessica sutta , nicole scherzinger , carmit bachar and melody thorton , performing in 2006 in dublin , at the height of their success .
sexy : nicole , centre , was the lead singer and chief dancer of the dance troupe , the pussycat dolls .
she came clean about her eating disorder in 2012 , two years after the group split .
the pussycat dolls formed in 2004 and had huge chart-success from 2005 up to 2010 , selling 50m records worldwide before their split that year .
nicole scherzinger in cosmopolitan magazine , on sale thursday 3 july .
nicole was the lead singer and chief dancer of the troupe , though rumours of jealousy toward nicole and tensions between the girls have been rife .
fellow pussycat carmit bacher claimed in 2013 that nicole 's eating disorder , which she hid from