it was the last formal photoshoot of legendary nirvana frontman kurt cobain , just months before his tragic suicide in april 1994 .
when the lead singer showed up to the shoot three hours late with a large pair of white jackie o sunglasses , american photographer jesse frohman recalls cobain politely and quietly asking him for a bucket .
the 51-year-old , who was shooting the rock band for a magazine feature at the time , said ` sure , but what for ?
' cobain responded , ` cause i think i 'm gon na puke ' .
now , 20 years after his death , the photographer will pay tribute to the music legend by exhibiting his exclusive collection , featuring photographs that have never before seen or printed in australia .
scroll down for video .
about five months before cobain died , jesse frohman was commissioned by sunday observer magazine of london to shoot nirvana .
` i 'm curious to see if people in sydney have an interest in kurt cobain because you think it would be the same response as new york but i 've been to other countries and it was different .
so it 'll be interesting because i do n't know what to expect , ' he told daily mail australia .
` but i 'm very excited because it 's going to be my first time in australia and it 's going to be a fun experience to share my photographs with nirvana fans and photography lovers .
' when asked whether he had a favourite photograph of cobain from the shoot , frohman said there were too many to choose from .
` i have several favourites from the shoot -- i reckon there 's equally four or five that i appreciate the most .
i was fortunate enough to take more than a few of the most iconic pics from the shoot .
american photographer jesse frohman -lrb- pictured -rrb- will exhibit his exclusive collection of photographs of kurt cobain and nirvana in australia for the first time .
the pictures were taken at the height of nirvana 's success during their in utero tour , while behind the scenes cobain continued to battle drug and alcohol addiction .
in 1993 , nirvana was the biggest band in the world , and kurt cobain was subject to