this is the amazing moment a heroic hippo saved a gnu from certain death .
after being bitten by a crocodile , the large antelope is seen being dragged slowly under the water .
but just in time , a nearby hippo is seen making its way across the water to help the animal in its hour of need .
scroll down for video .
in grave danger : the gnu struggling to get to the bank of the river is dragged back by the crocodile .
the incredible rescue happened on the masai mara game reserve in kenya .
the gnu is getting weaker by the second but the hippos are closing in .
after chasing the giant crocodile .
away , the unlikely hero is then seen guarding the creature and even .
nudges the gnu to the edge of the river in effort to move it out of .
harms way .
the jaw-dropping .
moment stunned onlookers including israeli photographer , vadim .
onishchenko , 34 , who managed to capture the rare moment on camera .
captured whilst on safari in masai mara game reserve in kenya , the exhausted antelope later managed to escape to safety .
onishchenko said : ` it was an incredible moment , the hippo actually tried to push it out of the water and then guarded the gnu to prevent the crocs getting close .
another hippo notices the struggling animal and makes its way through the water .
watch out : the hippos group round the struggling gnu as the croc clings on .
more hippos join and the herd scare away the crocodile as it slips beneath the murky water .
in its panic the gnu ends up swimming further back into the water , with the crocodile holding on tightly , it is now the hippo begins to intervene .
the gnu struggling to get to the bank of the river is dragged back by the crocodile , a hippo is also seen strafing both animals .
' i have heard of cases where the .
animals instinct is to protect the other species , i think the hippos .
parental instincts took over .
` the .
hippos are probably the only animal not afraid of the crocs and i would .
even say the hippo is the only animal the crocodiles are afraid of