by .
daniel martin .
published : .
16:46 est , 16 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
01:45 est , 17 june 2013 .
worries : prime minister david cameron -lrb- pictured yesterday outside 10 downing street -rrb- admitted he fears online porn could harm his children .
david cameron yesterday admitted he fears online porn could harm his children .
the prime minister says he worries when any of his three children ` grab hold of the ipad ' because they risk seeing obscene images .
` the world has changed so fundamentally with the internet that we 've got some real threats there to our children and also from this appalling scourge of child pornography , ' he said .
` we 've got to take a lot of action .
' mr cameron is now pledging to ` put the heat ' on web firms , making them do more to remove illegal child abuse images and protect children from legal porn .
at a summit tomorrow , ministers and charities will demand action from internet service providers .
talktalk and bt announced at the weekend that customers trying to view child sex abuse sites would be confronted with a pop-up warning .
the ` splash pages ' are aimed at deterring paedophiles such as mark bridger , who killed five-year-old april jones after accessing sickening online material .
maria miller , who is hosting the summit , is expected to ask other operators to follow suit .
the culture secretary said : ` these firms have an enormous responsibility to make sure our children are protected in the best way possible .
tackling this problem is not easy when technology changes and adapts at such a fast pace .
` but i am determined to do all i can -- and to encourage industry to do all it can -- to put an end to it .
` i will say that things need to change , that enough is enough , and when i do my children will be at the forefront of my mind , as they always are .
' mr cameron said there was no doubt that internet companies needed to do more on online pornography -- the subject of a daily mail campaign .
access : the prime minister says he worries when any of his three children