they say imitation is the sincerest form of flattery and it appears that even the bluest of blood does n't make you immune from the urge to copy other people .
sweden 's royal family has released a photo of recently engaged prince carl philip , 35 , and his fiancée , in which the 29-year-old bride bears a striking resemblance to the duchess of cambridge .
like the duchess , sofia hellqvist boasts long , dark hair softly styled into waves , while her fitted blue dress is reminiscent of the issa number worn by kate for her 2011 engagement portrait .
scroll down for video .
snap : prince carl philip and sofia hellqvist 's engagement portrait looks strikingly similar to the cambridges ' indeed , the intimate pose also echoes the one struck by the cambridges - and the one adopted by carl philip 's younger sister madeleine when she announced her own engagement to british banker , chris o'neil in 2012 .
carl philip and miss hellqvist announced their engagement in june , following a four-year relationship that sparked outrage in sweden when it first became public in 2009 .
miss hellqvist , a former glamour model and reality tv star , had hit headlines four years earlier in 2005 after reaching the final of the scandalous sex and alcohol fuelled series , paradise hotel .
the show sees five men and five women stay in a hotel together and included scenes of sofia kissing pornstar jenna jameson .
as a result , queen silvia , prince carl philip 's mother , did n't entirely approve of the match .
royal bride to be : like the duchess of cambridge , miss hellqvist chose a blue dress for her engagement photo .
royal doppleganger : miss hellqvist bears a striking resemblance to the duchess of cambridge .
old life : along with her stint on paradise hotel , miss hellqvist 's cv also includes lingerie and topless modelling .
risque : miss hellqvist 's reality tv career included a stint on a rather naughty tv show named paradise hotel .
reality tv : during her stint on paradise hotel , miss hellqvist was seen enjoying a bottom massage .
however , the swedish royal family appear to have softened their stance in recent months , with miss hellqvist becoming a regular sight at family events .