celtic defender virgil van dijk insists their season will still be a success if they clinch the scottish premiership title .
manager ronny deila had targeted the treble in his first season but that dream ended in controversial fashion with a 3-2 william hill scottish cup semi-final defeat by inverness on sunday .
deila started with a disastrous champions league qualifying campaign when celtic were knocked out by both legia warsaw and maribor , but went on to impress in the europa league and domestic scene with the league cup already in the trophy cabinet following an absence of six years .
celtic defender virgil van dijk celebrates with his team-mates after scoring in the scottish cup semi-final .
van dijk , who scored celtic 's opener against inverness , wants his side to bounce back and win the spl title .
and van dijk is now looking to wrap up the title in style to get over his hampden disappointment .
celtic can reopen an eight-point lead over aberdeen by winning at dundee on wednesday night ahead of the post-split fixtures .
` if we win the league we still improve from last year , ' van dijk said .
` we want to win it as soon as possible and that starts on wednesday .
` the disappointment is very high , everybody is down but we are professionals and we need to focus on dundee .
` we need to move on .
wednesday night at dundee is a big game , so we need to be ready for that .
' celtic striker leigh griffiths accused the match officials of robbing them a cup final appearance after they failed to spot his goal-bound header being stopped by the hand of inverness defender josh meekings when the hoops were leading 1-0 .
but van dijk refused to dwell on the blunder by referee steven mclean and additional assistant alan muir , who was five yards away .
when asked about the penalty claim , the dutch defender said : ` it did n't happen so we ca n't talk about it .
hoops striker leigh griffiths sees his headed effort strike the outstretched arm of inverness ' josh meekings .
celtic captain scott brown appeals to referee steven mclean , but no penalty is awarded for the handball .
celtic 's adam matthews -lrb- right -rrb- slides