by .
chris pleasance .
published : .
11:39 est , 15 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
11:54 est , 15 march 2014 .
this is the shocking moment a gang of 11 clubbers in manchester started a mini-riot in the street outside a club by throwing bricks , bottles and metal barriers at each other .
the men have now all been jailed after admitting violent disorder following the 25-minute brawl in february last year .
cctv cameras captured the scene outside the nq live club after secruity guards threw ` rude ' chase halford out of the venue around 4am .
scroll down for video .
eleven yobs who started a street brawl outside a club in manchester last year have been jailed .
the fight , which involved bricks , bottles and metal barriers being thrown , started after a group were thrown out of the nq live venue .
the 25-minute fracas happened around 4am last february after chase halford was thrown out of the club .
he was followed by saqib ali , 20 , who manchester crown court heard was the ` main problem ' , and then by martin kavanagh , vandelle mclaren and aaron costello .
hotheaded ali had to be hauled out of the club , before leading an attack in which bouncers were punched and kicked .
ali 's group who were escorted from the building following a complaint from fellow reveller daniel gleave .
inside the club , gleave ` formed an alliance ' with sonny elms and william russell , as they watched the fracas unfold outside on the club 's cctv system .
the trio were warned to hang back by bouncers - but instead joined the fray , stepping up the violence .
at first the group push and jostle each other outside the venue , but then punches are thrown before several metal barriers are hurled through the air .
as the brawl turns ugly the clubbers move backwards into a road , hitting several cars as they exchange blows with whichever objects come to hand .
chase was quickly joined by four other friends including ali shaqib , described as the ` main problem ' by bouncers .
the violent group were ejected after a complaint by 26-year-old fellow clubber daniel gleave .
despite being warned by bouncers to stay inside