catch him if you can .
unfortunately for the entire motogp field in 2014 , keeping pace with marc marquez has proved totally impossible this season .
the world champion made it 10 wins from as many races this year after triumphing at indianapolis on sunday .
the defending world champ shattered the series ' previous record for the youngest driver to win 10 in a row .
mike hailwood was 24 years and 86 days old when he did it in 1964 .
marquez is 21 years , 174 days .
with his dominance so great , questions of whether he will retain the title have long since passed - replaced with whether the spaniard can clean sweep all 18 races this term .
marquez is the first rider since mick doohan in 1997 to win 10 successive premier class races .
video scroll down to watch the incredible highlights of the ` rookie ' marc marquez .
high five : marc marquez celebrates in the indianapolis paddock after winning his tenth straight race to keep him on course of winning every grand prix this term .
familiar feeling : marquez has dominated motogp since stepping up from moto2 in 2013 - finishing on the podium in 26 of his 28 races .
center of attention : honda 's marquez celebrates winning the grand prix in indianapolis alongside yamaha 's jorge lorenzo -lrb- left -rrb- and valentino rossi .
if you thought sebastian vettel 's iron grip over formula one for the past four years was impressive , then marquez 's achievements are just as remarkable - if not better .
for instance , marquez is in just his second year of motogp - winning the title in his rookie season .
and while he rides a factory honda - arguably the best bike in the field - he is consistently leaving team-mate , dani pedrosa for dust at every grand prix .
pedrosa is n't the only one struggling to keep pace with the 21-year-old .
seven-time premier class world champion valentino rossi and team-mate jorge lorenzo also ca n't beat marquez this year and the yamaha pair , as well as pedrosa , are among the finest riders the sport has seen - at least in recent times .
clear the way : marquez won the motogp championship in his rookie season in 2013 and is set