by .
daily mail reporter .
the dominican prostitute who apparently claimed that senator robert menendez attended sex parties and liked ` the youngest and newest ' prostitutes now says that she fabricated the whole story .
nexis de los santos , 23 , now admits that she ` never went to bed with ' menendez and never even met him , lawyer vincio castillo seman told reporters in the dominican republic on monday .
he released an affidavit from her regarding the email published yesterday by citizens for responsibility and ethics in washington -lrb- crew -rrb- .
scroll down for video .
under fire : menendez issued a denial yesterday against allegations that he slept with prostitutes in the dominican republic .
the washington post identified santos as the prostitute who made the original allegations in november - but the website that first broke the story insisted that this was a case of mistaken identity .
the daily caller said that a video of two unidentified prostitutes it posted at the time could not have shown santos , as she is younger than the two women and neither of them went by her name .
additionally , santos said she had been covertly taped , whereas the women in the daily caller video were wearing earpieces and appeared to know they were on camera .
santos told the washington post : ' i am the person in the .
video , that is me , and those are my words , but this statement is not .
true .
i never agreed to be recorded .
' senator menendez , who has maintained all .
along that he never paid prostitutes for sex , said he is looking .
forward to whatever evidence emerges from courts in the dominican .
republic to vindicate him .
the daily caller said in a statement : ` the washington post falsely reported a story yesterday claiming our source had recanted her statement , without contacting the daily caller for comment before posting .
` in reality , the prostitute in the post 's story does not appear to be one of the women we interviewed in 2012 .
details provided by the prostitute identified as ms santana in the post story conflict with the taped interviews the daily caller posted on november 1 , including the mention of a person whose name