by .
ashley collman .
published : .
01:51 est , 10 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
08:22 est , 10 january 2014 .
regulating the bedroom : ultra-conservative republican senator thomas garrett of virginia is currently proposing a bill that would outlaw oral sex between teens .
a new bill being considered by virginia state legislature would make oral sex between teenagers illegal .
the bill is being proposed by ultra-conservative republican senator thomas garrett , in an attempt to get a previously proposed ` crimes against nature ' law passed .
this law , which made it a felony to carnally know ` any male or female person by the anus or by or with the mouth ' was shut down by the united states court of appeals for the 4th circuit because it violates the 14th amendment , which guarantees the rights of due process and equal protection .
senator garrett hoped to get around the 14th amendment this second time around by restricting the law to just minors .
in the new bill summary , senator garrett clarifies that these ` crimes against nature ' are not illegal if commited between adults , are not in a public place and do n't involve prostitution .
the phrasing of the new bill suggests that oral sex with and between minors would be a felony .
in an email to the huffington post , senator garrett defended his bill by saying its aim was not to prohibit oral sex between teens , but to protect them from child predators .
he said he was concerned that predators convitcted of ` crimes against nature ' with children or teens ` may pursue appeal and quite possibly be released .
' if that 's the case , legal experts say senator garrett should have drafted a law against predators instead of against certain sexual acts .
` if he wants to prosecute people who abuse children , why not write a law that would ban abuse of children , ' ucls law professor eugene volokh told huffpo .
working on it : senator garrett says this is n't the final version of the bill that he will propose to the legislature .
above , the virginia state capitol .
the proposed bill is also causing controversy in the lgbt community by people who say it 's discriminatory