five taliban militants were killed in a us drone strike on a hideout in northwestern pakistan today as the military response to this week 's school massacre continues to intensify .
in a separate operation , officials say pakistani security forces also killed seven ` terrorists ' on the outskirts of peshawar - where the atrocity unfolded on tuesday morning .
since the appalling attack - in which 148 people , mostly children , were murdered - pakistani air strikes and ground operations have killed around 200 militants in the northwest tribal region near the afghan border .
warning graphic content .
scroll down for video .
retribution : pakistani military forces have intensified their efforts against the taliban following tuesday 's slaughter in which 148 people were murdered .
the us drone strike took place in the town of datta khel in north waziristan , where pakistani troops have been carrying out a major operation against local and foreign militants since june .
security officials say the men killed in the drone strike fought under local pakistani taliban warlord hafiz gul bahadur .
it is unclear whether the drone strike hit militants directly involved in the slaughter at peshawar as us officials rarely if ever comment on the covert drone program .
the weapon has eliminated several top militants - but has also resulted in civilian casualties , making it extremely unpopular among pakistanis .
military response : a pakistani police officer stands next to an ambulance carrying bodies of taliban militants killed by security forces in an operation on the outskirts of peshawar today .
fallen colleague : pakistani police carry the casket of another officer killed a separate gunfight in peshawar today in which two militants also died .
bloody battle : since tuesday 's appalling attack pakistani security forces have killed 200 taliban militants .
the bodies of five taliban fighters killed in peshawar today were pictured piled into the back of an ambulance van - their lifeless feet smeared with blood .
in another incident in peshawar two militants were killed in a gunfight with police - and a security official and a police officer were also died in the shootout .
police officers were seen carrying their fallen colleague in a casket above their heads before standing to attention to pay their respects .
retribution : the violence at a school -lrb- pictured -rrb-