by .
mark prigg .
amazon is set to unveil its plans for a tv set top box next week , it has been claimed .
the firm has sent invites promising an ` updates on its video business ' at an event in new york on 2nd april .
it follows rumours to firm has been racing to beat apple to the lucrative tv set top box market .
amazon.com founder and chief executive officer jeff bezos with the firm 's kindle tablets .
it is set to announce a tv set top box next week .
amazon 's invite to its tv event .
the so-called ` kindle tv ' service has been discussed with at least three major media companies , according to reports .
the service is expected to combine live tv with amazon 's existing prime tv and film on demand service .
amazon already offers on-demand tv shows and movies free to customers who are members of amazon 's premium shipping service prime , in both the uk and us .
it is believed the service could use a low cost box similar to roku 's , or apple 's tv box , according to the wall street journal .
earlier reports claim the set-top box is being developed by amazon 's lab126 division in cupertino , close to apple 's campus , and is being run by malachy moynihan , a former vice president of emerging video products at cisco who also worked for apple .
it comes as amazon has been ramping up its video content .
amazon invested about $ 1 billion in content in 2013 , according to cantor fitzgerald analyst youssef squali .
last year it introduced 14 televisions pilots , which it financed , and is now monitoring customer feedback to decide which ones to produce as full series .
the amazon shows included alpha house , starring john goodman , the hollywood actor known for his roles in the big lebowski and argo .
bill murray , of ghostbusters and groundhog day , also appears .
alpha house , starring john goodman -lrb- second left -rrb- is one of amazon 's latest tv shows .
the firm is expected to reveal a set top box next week .
roy price , director of amazon studios , the unit that is creating the shows , said : `