it might seem like an ordinary meal to most , composed of steak , sweet potato mash and four kinds of vegetables .
but this particular dish has been dubbed the perfect meal for athletes by performance nutrition experts .
comprising an 8oz new york sirloin strip steak served with sweet potato mash , kale , samphire , mange tout and broccoli , the hearty offering has all right balance of protein , carbohydrate , vitamins and minerals .
scroll down for video .
the perfect meal for athletes is an 8oz new york sirloin strip steak served with sweet potato mash , kale , samphire , mangetout and broccoli .
athletes need the right balance of protein , carbohydrate , vitamins and minerals in their meals .
the meal was served by london chef and former olympian francis agyepong at christopher 's restaurant in covent garden to olympic gold medallist christine ohuruogu and world junior champion dina asher-smith .
mr agyepong , who competed in the triple jump for great britain at the barcelona and atlanta olympics , has since developed his career as a head chef in london 's west end .
he said : ` in creating this ultimate athlete menu , i have focused on nutrition first and foremost .
the dish is ideal for energy , recovery and tissue rebuilding .
steak is high in protein , which is excellent for muscle recovery and also in iron stores which helps reduce fatigue .
it 's an ideal meat for athletes to consume during their training programme .
sweet potato is an excellent carbohydrate source so it contributes to the recovery of normal muscle function after hard training .
the green veg provides vitamins a and c which support the immune system to function normally , which is hampered with hard training .
` the quality of ingredients used and the resulting taste also has a positive effect on the mind and general wellbeing .
` food and nutrition is a big part of everyone 's lives but to an athlete it can mean the difference between having a short or long sustained career .
` the body has the ability to self-repair if the food you are putting in it is of premium quality .
' the athlete turned head chef worked with worked with sainsbury 's and british athletics ' performance nutritionist joseph agu