by .
kieran corcoran .
published : .
12:19 est , 2 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
14:48 est , 2 january 2014 .
a couple at the centre of an international five-year manhunt over an alleged # 1million nhs fraud have been arrested in cyprus .
deborah hancox , 44 , and john leigh , 53 , are charged with eight counts of fraud and conspiracy to defraud the greater manchester deanery , a teaching organisation .
they allegedly moved to cyprus after .
police interviews in 2008 .
the pair were only able to be arrested when .
they moved from the turkish-controlled north side of the island to .
republic of cyprus in the south .
arrested : the pair were taken in by cypriot police and appeared in court in manchester on tuesday .
unlike the north side , which has no extradition treaty with the uk , the republic of cyprus does , and allowed hancox and leigh to be taken in .
the couple stepped over the .
border to the republic of cyprus at the end of last year where they were .
taken into custody on a european arrest warrant .
the couple were flown back to britain by cypriot police and appeared before manchester magistrates ' court on tuesday .
ms sarah johnson , from the cps , said with a little research the couple would have discovered northern cyprus to be a ` non-convention ' country , and so has no extradition treaty with the uk .
appeal on crimewatch : the pair allegedly moved to cyprus in 2008 .
a crimewatch appeal to help trace the pair was made by the national crime agency in october .
they were wanted in a joint investigation by greater manchester police and the nhs 's counter fraud unit , nhs protect .
leigh was employed by the nhs as an it manager from 2000 until 2009 .
he was questioned by police over claims he had interests in three it companies used to supply equipment , services and goods to the nhs .
the couple are suspected of being involved in a fraud that led to the nhs being defrauded out of more than # 1million .
the case has been transferred to manchester crown court for a preliminary hearing later this month .
criminals have been able to