by .
hugo gye .
published : .
10:15 est , 13 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
13:04 est , 13 january 2014 .
a seal has been rescued after being found 50 miles from the sea following several weeks of violent weather around britain .
similarly , a dolphin was stranded on a beach after apparently being swept inland by the storms and floods which have plagued the country since before christmas .
the seal was spotted in a tributary of the river eden in the pennines by worried farmers who reported their sighting to morecambe bay search and rescue .
scroll down for video .
saved : this seal was found swimming around a river in the pennines after being swept 50 miles inland thanks to stormy weather .
rescue : workers tend to the seal after it was seen by farmers and reported to the local search and rescue operation .
transported : the animal was checked by a vet and then taken to the coastline to be returned to the sea .
it was caught and then driven 50 miles away to walney in barrow-on-furness where it was released into the ocean yesterday .
mike davis , from the search .
and rescue charity , said : ` we can only think the seal lost its bearings .
in stormy weather and then began swimming in the wrong direction .
` the seal was very thin when we found it , and i ca n't think that it would have survived for much longer .
` it .
was really quite difficult to catch , the seals are slippery things .
we .
then took it to the station , where we weighed it and ensured it was .
healthy .
' destination : the snaimal is pictured being released into the irish sea from walney , in barrow-in-furness .
freedom : the seal pictured waddling off the the water at the conclusion of the rescue operation .
journey : the seal was found in the pennines , having travelled from the sea along the river eden .
after the veterinary examination , a crew left the seal in an open cage on the beach , and 15 minutes later it crawled out and into the sea .
in cornwall , a dolphin washed up onto par beach near st austell and was