two-time masters champion bubba watson believes he can freewheel at augusta this year because all the pressure will be heaped on rory mcilroy as he goes for the career grand slam .
watson failed miserably the last time he was in the limelight as defending champion , only just making the halfway cut at augusta in 2013 .
but the big-hitting american is convinced he can live up to his status as one of the favourites this time because all the attention next month will be focussed on the northern irishman .
reigning masters champions prepares for augusta by playing at the wgc cadillac championships in doral .
watson insists that rory mcilroy will be under more pressure than himself at the masters .
the world no 1 only needs an masters crown to complete a full set of grand slams .
` there 's no pressure on me because i have two green jackets already , but it will be different for rory , ' he said .
` to be going for the career grand slam and at such a young age as well , if that was me in his shoes i would consider myself under a lot of pressure because who would not want to complete that ?
i think the key for rory will be to try to look at it from an achievement standpoint rather than a pressure situation -- that he 's there because of the amazing feat of winning three of the four majors at aged 25 .
` he can also think to himself that if it does n't work out this year , then at least he is going to have plenty more tries in years to come .
' like mcilroy , watson will complete his pre-masters tournament preparations at the arnold palmer invitational , which begins at bay hill in orlando on thursday .
and the gifted leftie was full of praise for the world number one , predicting he will break many golfing records in years to come .
the american hits a shot out from the crowd on his way to victory last time round .
watson is bidding for back to back titles and a third crown at augusta after wining last year -lrb- above -rrb- .
jack nicklaus 6 .
arnold palmer 4 .
tiger woods 4 .
jimmy demaret 3 .
sam snead