within the space of a year , the face staring back in the mirror at jackie malton was almost unrecognisable .
though still smiling , the 42-year-old bore little resemblance to the vibrant mother pictured in march last year , brimming with hope at the prospect of marrying her partner .
just a month later doctors dealt mrs malton and her then partner jim a devastating blow -- she had a lesion on her brain .
within a year , a brain tumour had invaded her body , and despite surgery and months of treatment , just last month specialists revealed it was terminal .
days after being told she had weeks to live , mrs malton decided to marry her partner of six years in what she describes as a ` dream wedding ' .
jackie malton , 42 , -lrb- left -rrb- was delighted when her partner jim -lrb- pictured -rrb- proposed last march -lrb- left -rrb- .
now , her appearance has been transformed -lrb- right -rrb- by surgery , months of chemotherapy and steroid treatment for a terminal brain tumour , but she insists her wedding was a ` dream ' mr and mrs malton married just days after being given the devastating news she had only weeks to live .
they are pictured on their wedding day .
mr and mrs malton -lrb- centre -rrb- are pictured at their wedding , which was held at doncaster rovers keepmoat stadium , with their entire extended family .
mrs malton 's husband , jim , 38 , said : ` it was always her dream as a little girl to have a perfect wedding , i think it is for a lot of girls .
` she 's an incredibly strong woman , she 's just a really kind person and great fun .
` she worked as a barmaid in her last job at her local working men 's club in bentley and was loved by everyone .
` jackie could n't believe the wedding , the day itself was really busy , she was over-the-moon even though it absolutely exhausted her .
' mr malton said they first discovered his wife 's cancer when she began to suffer headaches which lasted for an entire week .
he said : ` it just started getting increasingly worse , after a week of solid headaches i said