by .
brendan carlin .
published : .
19:44 est , 8 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
19:45 est , 8 march 2014 .
britain may be forced to return a # 1 million john constable masterpiece to its ` rightful ' owner after claims it was stolen by nazi art thieves .
a secretive group of government art experts is to announce the fate of the painting beaching a boat , brighton , owned by tate britain , in the next few weeks .
the work of the group has been compared to the film the monuments men , starring george clooney , in which a team of experts are sent to germany at the end of the second world war to recover art stolen by hitler .
the tate may be forced to give constable 's beaching a boat , brighton , pictured , following claims it was stolen by nazis .
neither the tate nor government officials would yesterday name the art work in question -- nor who is making the ownership claim .
but the mail on sunday has established it is constable 's beaching a boat , brighton .
it was owned by a french collector in 1908 -- but turned up in a cotswolds gallery in the 1960s where it appears to have been bought by a british woman called mrs rainsford who gave it to the tate .
the arcanely titled government-run spoliation advisory panel is to rule on whether the tate must give up the 1824 oil painting .
george clooney and hugh bonneville in film the monuments men - which some have compared to the constable case .
in the film , experts are tasked with finding art stolen by hitler .
while less well known than constable works such as the hay wain , it has been in the possession of the tate since 1986 .
its whereabouts during the german invasion of france in the war is unknown .
one art expert said : ` often , the original owners are no longer alive and it is not easy to track down their descendants .
it 's not as glamorous as the george clooney film .
' a tate spokesman said : ` the spoliation advisory panel is currently considering a claim for the return of a painting at tate .
it will publish its findings