by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
00:43 est , 20 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:30 est , 20 august 2013 .
professional social networking site linkedin will drop its age limit to allow youngsters from the age of 13 to sign up to help them plan where to go to university .
the site will be lowering its age-limit from 18 in a bid to attract young people who are already planning their careers .
while the company has stressed the site will remain ' a professional network ' , but claims it 's new service will offer a service to those planning on applying to college or university .
linkedin is hoping to attract teenagers who are already planning their careers when it lowers its age limit from 18 to 13 in the uk .
potential students will be able to ` connect ' with oxford university 's linked in , among others , now that the age limit has dropped .
the age limit is expected to be dropped to 13 in the uk and 14 in the us , it has been reported .
according to the telegraph , the site says it is growing at the rate of two users every second and currently has around # 238m members across the globe .
a spokesman told the paper it expected the young teenagers to be ` forward thinkers ' who were already thinking about what career path they were going to choose in later life .
christina allen announced the launch of the website 's university pages on the company 's blog .
she wrote : ` we believe university pages will be especially valuable for students making their first , big decision about where to attend college .
students will be able to find out information from london south bank university 's linked in page , such as clearing updates and job offers .
the company has launched its university pages which it hopes will help students make ` their first , big decision about where to attend college ' ` therefore , beginning on september 12 , .
we will be making linkedin available to high school students who can use .
linkedin to explore schools worldwide , greatly expand their .
understanding of the careers available , and get a head start on building .
a