by .
aaron sharp .
published : .
04:41 est , 6 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:42 est , 6 december 2013 .
monster : david brierley , above , repeatedly assaulted the 18-year-old victim during a 45-minute attack .
a psychopath who repeatedly raped a teenage girl just four months after being released from prison for an identical attack was jailed for life today .
david brierley , 34 , repeatedly assaulted the 18-year-old victim during a 45-minute attack in swindon town centre in february this year .
a court heard how the victim thought she was going to die and begged brierley to stop his violent attack but he ignored her pleas and carried on the attack .
brierley , who is 5ft 10 and weighs 19 stone had been jailed for eight years at warwick crown court in 2001 for repeatedly raping and assaulting an 18-year-old girl in a stratford upon avon churchyard the previous year .
but had only finally been freed from prison in october 2012 after being recalled for breaching the license of that release .
brierley had been living in birmingham and had moved to swindon just two days before he attacked his latest victim , the court was told .
swindon crown court heard he had been living under an assumed name in the culvery court hostel , but on the night of the rape had was refused entry by staff who believed he had been drinking .
tattooed brierley had met the victim on the evening of february 23 in a takeaway in the town and bought her some food .
they were said to have exchanged telephone numbers after brierley told her he could help her get a job .
the following evening he texted the teenager and they met up in the town centre .
he took her to an area behind some bins near john street where he violently raped her .
before the attack , the teenager sent a text to a former boyfriend which read : ` i 'm in some trouble .
he wants to take me away and do lots of bad things to me .
' she told police afterwards : ' i begged him .
god knows how many times and he would n't let me go .
i kept thinking i would die that night .
'