by .
stephen johns .
english athletes have been briefed on how to react if they are booed at the commonwealth games by scottish fans next week .
several athletes have approached team england for guidance amid fears that scottish nationalists could heckle them when they compete .
the games , which start on wednesday , take place less than two months before the referendum on scottish independence .
auld enemy : english athletes fear that scottish fans may heckle them during the commonwealth games which begin on wednesday -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
there are concerns that anti-english sentiment may be running high among some scottish sports fans and athletes are aware that some may direct abuse towards the auld enemy .
organisers have insisted that english athletes have nothing to worry about and will be given a warm reception , second only to members of team scotland .
but a games insider said that a ` small number ' of english athletes had already raised the subject of booing and had been told not to react to it .
other athletes will be given the same advice if they ask team england about it , and general guidance may be issued as part of a team briefing before the games .
a spokesman for team england said : ` if it happens i 'm sure the athletes will all just carry on .
some sports are more adversarial than others .
` we were all at hampden park for the glasgow grand prix athletics meeting at the weekend and the welcome could not have been better .
` going on the evidence of the hampden park meeting , the scottish athletes will get the biggest cheer , followed by the other home nations athletes and then the athletes from other countries .
' reaction : team england said those who competed at hampden park during the glasgow grand prix on saturday -lrb- pictured -rrb- were given a warm welcome and have advised english competitors not to ignore the boos .
members of team england will take part in the athletes ' parade at the opening ceremony in celtic park next wednesday .
those from the delegation who have been in glasgow this week in preparation have been given a warm welcome by their scottish hosts and are not expecting any problems .
activists protested outside 10 downing street