researchers found regular meditation can relieve anxiety , pain and stress as well as traditional anti-depressants .
meditation for just half an hour can relieve depression as much as popping a pill , claim researchers .
they found regular meditation could also relieve anxiety , pain and stress .
in a u.s. study of previously published research involving 3,500 people , meditation alleviated symptoms of depression on a par with conventional anti-depressants .
meditation , which has a long history in eastern traditions , is one of many ` mindfulness ' techniques that have grown in popularity in the west over the last 30 years .
it is typically practised for 30 to 40 minutes a day with the aim of encouraging acceptance of feelings and thoughts without judgment , and relaxing body and mind .
study leader dr madhav goyal , an assistant professor at johns hopkins university school of medicine , baltimore , said ' a lot of people have this idea that meditation means sitting down and doing nothing .
` but that 's not true .
meditation is an active training of the mind to increase awareness , and different meditation programmes approach this in different ways .
' he said thousands of people use meditation for stress busting and personal growth , ` but it 's not a practice considered part of mainstream medical therapy for anything .
' he said ` in our study , meditation appeared to provide as much relief from some anxiety and depression symptoms as what other studies have found from antidepressants .
` these patients did not typically have full-blown anxiety or depression .
' overall , depression affects one in 10 adults in the uk at any one time .
there has been a big rise in the use of antidepressants in the last 20 years , particularly among women , with prescriptions in england reaching a record 50 million in 2012 .
nhs guidelines recommend talking therapies , including cognitive behavioural therapy -lrb- cbt -rrb- , in preference to drugs for people with mild to moderate depression .
studies show psychological therapies can be as effective as drugs in tackling common mental health problems , and are often more successful in the long term .
the latest study focused on 47 clinical trials performed up until june 2013 among 3,515 participants that involved meditation and various mental