extremely pleased : professor john walker-smith , pictured here in 2007 , won his appeal against the gmc .
a doctor struck off over the mmr jab controversy yesterday won a high court battle to clear his name .
professor john walker-smith had been found guilty of professional misconduct following claims he took part in unapproved research that suggested links between the vaccine , bowel disease and autism .
however , a judge overturned the general medical council 's ruling and criticised its disciplinary panel 's ` inadequate and superficial reasoning ' -- but also stressed there was ` no respectable body of opinion ' supporting the supposed risks of the jab .
professor walker-smith lost his licence to practise in may 2010 along with dr andrew wakefield , who led the research .
a gmc ` fitness to practise ' panel found both men guilty of misconduct over the way the work was conducted after 217 days of deliberation -- the longest disciplinary case in the body 's 150 - year history .
professor walker-smith , 75 , always denied allegations that he had participated in the research under the guise of carrying out clinical investigations and treatment of young patients , including colonoscopies , at the royal free hospital in north london .
the retired doctor said the work was necessary for the purposes of diagnosis and treatment , and was not done to aid the research .
mr justice mitting criticised the disciplinary panel 's ` inadequate and superficial reasoning ' and ` wrong conclusions ' before ruling : ` the panel 's determination can not stand .
i therefore quash it .
' he called for such cases to be overseen by someone with ` judicial experience ' in future .
the mmr vaccination programme suffered a blow when dr andrew wakefield suggested a link between the jab , bowel disease and autism in the late 1990s .
as he left court with relatives , professor walker-smith said : ` i am extremely pleased with the outcome of my appeal .
there has been a great burden on me and my family since the allegations were first made in 2004 and throughout the hearing that ran from 2007 to 2010 .
i am relieved that this matter is now over .
' mr justice mitting added that dr wakefield 's comments and subsequent publicity about possible