arnis zalkalns , 41 , is the prime suspect in the murder of alice gross and police have revealed he served seven years in jail for murdering his wife .
david cameron has pledged to personally examine how the prime suspect for alice gross 's murder got into britain .
in a dramatic intervention , the prime minister promised to learn lessons from the case and consider whether better ways of sharing information on criminals between european countries could have helped .
he said he was ` sickened ' by the death of the 14-year-old schoolgirl , who was last seen walking along a canal towpath in west london on august 28 .
cctv cameras also picked out arnis zalkalns , a builder from latvia , cycling along the same route 15 minutes later .
alice 's body was found on a river bed four days ago .
last month police revealed that zalkalns , 41 , had served a jail term in 1998 for murdering his wife and dumping her body .
despite this , he was able to come to britain to find work in 2007 .
he went missing a week after alice 's disappearance and has not been seen since .
police have admitted they have no idea where he is and are continuing an increasingly desperate search of buildings and parks in london for clues to his whereabouts .
they believe he might be being harboured by criminal gangs in the capital and the south east .
but he may have left the country using a latvian identity card .
the case has triggered calls for the eu to keep a database of criminal convictions so offenders can be easily identified at borders .
under eu freedom of movement rules , it is britain 's responsibility to spot those it deems a threat .
but the so-called warnings index for uk border staff is mainly used for anti-terror measures and does not contain routine information about criminals from the rest of the eu .
scroll down for video .
david cameron said he was ` sickened ' by the death of the 14-year-old schoolgirl , who was last seen walking along a canal towpath in west london on august 28 .
the prime minister has pledged to personally examine how the prime suspect got into britain .
latvian authorities did not alert britain to zalkalns