super bowl champions new england patriots will begin the 2015 nfl season at home to the pittsburgh steelers on thursday , september 10 .
the nfl released the full schedule for the 2015 campaign on tuesday night and , as is tradition , the reigning champions will host the opening game of the season .
week one also features a prime-time showdown between the new york giants and their nfc east rivals dallas cowboys .
tom brady 's new england patriots will take on the pittsburgh steelers in the opening game of the season .
ben roethlisberger 's pittsburgh steelers will be the visitors to the gillette stadium on september 10 .
espn will begin their season of monday night football with a double-header in week one with the atlanta falcons hosting the philadelphia eagles and the san francisco 49ers against the minnesota vikings .
seattle seahawks , who were beaten by new england patriots in arizona in the super bowl , will visit the green bay packers in week two in a rematch of their nfc championship game from last season .
week 12 of the season will see the traditional thanksgiving triple-header take place with the green bay packers taking on divisional rivals the chicago bears .
detroit lions and dallas cowboys will also host their annual thanksgiving games against philadelphia eagles and carolina panthers respectively .
nfc champions seattle seahawks will play the st louis rams in their opening game of the season .
aaron rodgers ' green bay packers will take on the chicago bears at lambeau field on thanksgiving night .
this season will also see three games played at wembley stadium as part of the nfl international series .
the miami dolphins and new york jets will travel to london on october 4 before the jacksonville jaguars take on the buffalo bills on october 25 , with the kansas city chiefs playing the detroit lions on november 1 .
last year 's game between the atlanta falcons and detroit lions kicked of at 9.30 am eastern time -lrb- 1.30 pm gmt -rrb- , and all three wembley games this season will follow suit , meaning afternoon starts for uk fans .
for the full 2015 season schedule , visit nfl.com .