a five-year-old chinese girl who was left at home alone suffered broken bones and internal bleeding when she fell 150ft from a window .
little jiaojiao only survived because rain canopies , laundry racks and wet grass broke her fall in zheng du city , central china .
her mother , zheng jiayu , 31 , who left jiaojiao at home on her own , now can not afford the huge # 100,000 medical bill , according to people 's online daily .
survivor : little jiaojiao pictured in hospital after falling from a 150ft from a window while her mother was out .
jiaojiao -lrb- pictured here before the accident -rrb- only survived because rain canopies , laundry racks and wet grass broke her fall in zheng du city , central china .
zheng and the youngster were playing at home on sunday when jiaojiao said she was hungry .
her mother closed the windows and doors and left the flat for 10 minutes while she bought takeaway food .
when zheng returned , her daughter was nowhere to be seen .
believing jiaojiao was playing hide-and-seek , she began looking in the wardrobes .
to her horror , she discovered an open window and saw a crowd had begun to gather around a bench below .
a lifeless child in a pink jacket was sprawled across it .
` did a toddler fall down ?
' zheng jiayu shouted to the spectators , recognising the child 's outfit .
` she can still speak , come down quickly , ' the neighbours called back .
jiaojiao was bleeding from her eyes , nose and mouth , was covered in mud and kept asking for her mother .
a neighbour had found the five-year-old lying on the grass and carried her to the bench .
jiaojiao was rushed to chengdu second people 's hospital and a doctor said she had punctured her lung and sustained multiple fractures .
her pelvis had broken into pieces and she had severe bruising and scratches , as well as internal bleeding .
rain canopies , laundry racks and wet grass broke the little girl 's fall and doctors said it was a miracle she was conscious .
jiaojiao 's pelvis had broken into pieces and she had severe bruising and scratches , as well as internal bleeding .
luckily her head and neck