by .
martin robinson .
published : .
11:27 est , 18 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:24 est , 18 november 2013 .
a # 45million transformation of the 116-year-old tate britain gallery has been unveiled today .
architects have worked on the oldest part of the grade-ii listed building , reopening the main entrance and installing a breathtaking giant spiral staircase at its heart .
it was built on the site of a victorian prison in central london , used to hold criminals before they were shipped to australia .
magical : the gallery 's circular balcony , which surrounds the stunning centre of the building , has been closed since the 1920s but has been opened today .
magnificent : a new staircase has been installed at the heart of tate britain , which has gone through a # 45million revamp .
other changes include a re-hanging of the .
collection displays and the restoration of a mural , which was damaged .
in a devastating 1928 flood .
parts of the building have been closed for almost two years while work was completed .
most of the funding , 95 per cent , came from private philanthropy while the remaining five per cent was from the heritage lottery fund .
tate britain , designed by architect sidney rj smith , opened its doors in 1897 after industrialist henry tate offered his collection of british art to the nation .
cleaned up : workers clear the steps at tate britain as its redesign was unveiled today , 116 years after it was first built on the site of millbank prison .
splendour : a new window by artist richard wright has been installed in the entrance to tate britain as part of the expensive two year project .
breathtaking : architects peter st john and adam caruso have revitalised the tate 's entrance , cafe and gallery spaces , which has not really been touched for a century .
tate director sir nicholas serota called the unveiling , before it is opened to the public on tuesday , ' a very exciting day ' .
first known as the national gallery of british art , tate britain , on the bank of the thames , first opened in 1897 .
sir henry tate , the man who built his wealth on sugar and bought