by .
david mccormack .
published : .
08:30 est , 12 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:33 est , 12 july 2013 .
the mom of an honor roll student in pasco county , florida who was viciously attacked on a school bus has spoken of her relief that her daughter 's attacker has been brought to justice .
chase cristia , 16 , a student at mitchell high school was attacked in february and video footage of the sickening incident was quickly posted on facebook .
` that 's what you get for talking s ** t , b *** h !
' the attacker yelled as the beating finally stopped .
scroll down for video -lrb- warning : graphic content -rrb- .
mitchell high school student chase cristia , left , and her mother , tracy cristia are relieved that chase 's brutal attacker has been punished .
no mercy : the unnamed 17-year old girl approaches chase and then repeatedly punches her on the back of the head and neck .
on thursday , the 17-year-old attacker who has n't been named because she is a juvenile pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor battery charge .
circuit judge shawn crane called the girl 's conduct ` outrageous ' and sentenced her to 270 days of probation , with conditions .
the mother of the victim , tracy cristia , said the judge 's sentencing felt like a weight lifted off the family 's shoulders .
` so many sleepless nights , ' she told bay news 9 , describing how life changed for her .
daughter after the attack .
'em ergency room visits , stomach aches , .
nightmares .
' victim chase cristia , 16 , was too shy to speak in court but had a statement read out in which she said her attacker deserved to be punished .
the perpetrator has received 270 days of probation , with conditions for the unprovoked attack .
during the brief but brutal beating the .
17-year old girl approached chase at the back of the bus , .
grabbed her and then repeatedly punched her in the back of the head and .
neck at least 10 times .
victim chase wrote a statement about what happened , but she was too shy to read it in court .
the prosecutor read it