by .
andrew dampf .
the best is yet to come from germany .
that was the promise , at least , from coach joachim low ahead of friday 's world cup quarter-final against france at the maracana stadium .
while germany looked impressive in a 4-0 win over portugal in its opening match , the three-time champions struggled in their next games , being held to a 2-2 draw by ghana , edging the united states 1-0 and needing extra time to beat algeria 2-1 .
still , germany are contesting their ninth straight world cup quarter-final .
final preparations : philipp lahm , joachim low and toni kroos of germany look on during a training session .
tough test : low was speaking ahead of germany 's quarter-final clash with france on friday .
` we have not yet delivered our best possible performance , ' low said on thursday .
` but i do n't think anyone has reached their absolute top performance yet .
` it 's not a computer game that is easily figured out - you ca n't easily figure out your opponent and it 's not easy to program your own team .
mistakes are made .
... and then there are other elements from beyond the pitch .
' an element such as this : seven germany players have been struggling with illness .
` one-third of our squad has been complaining about a sore throat , ' loew said .
` but wednesday and thursday all players have been training and none were feeling exhaustion .
i just hope that stays stable until friday .
' germany played its group matches in the warmer , northeastern climates of salvador , fortaleza and recife then faced algeria in the second round in cool and damp conditions in the southern city of porto alegre .
seal skills : bayern munich defender jerome boateng balances a ball on his head during training .
care free : mesut ozil and sami khedira seemed to be enjoying themselves at the maracana .
video team profile : germany highlights .
` perhaps they got contaminated from others , or maybe it was the difference in temperatures , or the air conditioning , ' low said .
center back mats hummels missed the algeria game due to illness but loew indicated he 'll be back against france .