a 63-year-old skier is recovering in hospital after spending three hours digging himself out of an avalanche in alaska - only to discover his friend lying dead next to him .
michael hopper was skiing with 35-year-old eric peterson in the rainbow mountains , near the richardson highway , when the pair were caught in a deadly avalanche , troopers said .
after being buried in deep snow , mr hopper spent three hours digging himself out in freezing temperatures , before spotting mr peterson 's glove lying on the ground .
he then started digging into surrounding snow and found his friend 's dead body , it is said .
disaster : michael hopper , 63 , was skiing with 35-year-old eric peterson in alaska 's rainbow mountains -lrb- pictured -rrb- , near the richardson highway , when the pair were caught in a deadly avalanche , troopers said .
following his horrific discovery on saturday evening , mr hopper , co-owner of nearby black rapids lodge , walked to the highway and flagged down a passing motorist , troopers said .
after receiving a 911 call , troopers and paramedics rushed to the scene , where conditions were found to be unstable , according to nbc .
although the body of mr peterson , from delta junction , has been ` tentatively identified ' by mr hopper , troopers are yet to attempt to recover or identify it due to the dangerous conditions .
in the seconds leading up to the tragedy , mr hopper and mr peterson were skiing in an area that was deteriorating because of heavy snowfall , it is reported .
lodge : after being buried in deep snow , mr hopper -lrb- who owns black rapids lodge , pictured -rrb- spent three hours digging himself out in freezing temperatures , before discovering his friend lying dead next to him .
the pair then heard a loud ` whoomp ' and were buried in snow cascading from 20 feet above them .
according to black rapids lodge 's website , mr hopper occupies the lodge with his wife annie , children huckleberry jack and katie marie , and their pet dog , rowdy .
he is currently being treated at fairbanks memorial hospital .
his condition is unknown .