the stepmother of a young boy who died and who lied about his whereabouts to police has been charged with his death .
analize osceola of hollywood , florida , called police on thursday to say that ahizya osceola , 3 , was missing despite the fact that hours earlier she had found the boy dead and stuffed his heavily bruised body into a trash bag that she then hid inside a baby einstein toy box which she put under piles of clothing in her laundry room .
she was charged on wednesday with aggravated manslaughter , child neglect and providing false information to law enforcement .
this after an autopsy revealed signs of horrifying abuse .
scroll down for video .
it has been revealed that the stepmother of ahizya osceola -lrb- left -rrb- , analize osceola -lrb- right -rrb- , who stuffed his dead body in a trash bag then called police and claimed he was missing has been charged in his death .
analize hid the body in the laundry room of their home -lrb- above -rrb- , where police ultimately found it after growing suspicious .
the sun-sentinel reports that the boy 's father , nelson osceola , who had been married to analize for 10 months , was also charged with child neglect .
an autopsy revealed the boy died of blunt impact abdominal trauma .
in addition to the bruising all over the boy 's body , the boy 's pancreas was split in three pieces and the enzymes had begun to break down his internal organs .
there was also a spiral fracture on the boy 's shin bone from an old break .
` in his first three years of life , he endured what we believe to be a significant amount of pain , ' said hollywood police chief frank fernandez .
` no child should ever , ever endure this life , the life of little ahziya .
' earlier this week , child protective services documents obtained by nbc 6 state that analize woke up at around 4am last thursday and , according to her claims , she heard the young boy moaning .
she then went over and found he was very cold , but still warm , so she gave him cpr .
with his pulse weak , she then claims she went to get him some