new rangers boss stuart mccall admits he would never have landed the job if mike ashley was still pulling the strings at ibrox .
the former motherwell manager has been put in charge until the end of the season .
the decision to replace caretaker kenny mcdowall , who has now left the club , is the second major upheaval at the club in the space of a week following dave king 's boardroom coup last friday .
stuart mccall has been named rangers manager until the end of the season .
mccall , like the club 's new board , is a man the light blues faithful can trust following his trophy-laden stint as rangers player during the mid-90s .
but the 50-year-old does not believe the former regime , backed by newcastle united owner ashley 's millions , would have welcomed him through the front door on edmiston drive so readily .
he said : ' i do n't think i 'd have been offered the job if the new regime had n't come in .
' i had a chat with john gilligan yesterday and paul murray late last night .
it was a whirlwind .
` i 'm delighted for the people in charge of the club because i know how much it means to them .
i 'm delighted for the supporters because that is what they want .
mccall will attempt to guide rangers to promotion from the championship to the scottish premiership .
` that 's not to say the people on the board are going to be great successes .
but whatever they do , it will be for the good of the club .
' mccall hopes he can lead the club to promotion and claim the job on a permanent basis .
but he acknowledges the task will be a tough one .
the former nine-in-a-row midfielder - who will give up his coaching duties with scotland while in charge at ibrox - said : ` my first question was : what do they deem a success ?
` you could turn things around slightly , get to the play-off final , get your goalie sent-off after five minutes and then lose on penalty kicks .
these are the thin lines between success and failure .
' i think success would be if we could start putting results together ,