by .
jill reilly and mario ledwith .
published : .
20:46 est , 11 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
21:44 est , 11 december 2012 .
a man killed in a nine-vehicle pile up on the m6 has been named by police .
alan bullock , 54 , from the blackpool area , died at the scene from his injuries following the devastating crash on monday .
the crash caused chaos on the busy motorway when damaged vehicles were thrown across its carriageways .
pile up : nine vehicles were involved in the crash on the m6 on monday .
fatal : alan bullock , 54 , from blackpool , was killed in the crash , which happened after 11:20 am on monday .
crash : two people remain in a serious but stable condition following the crash , which happened on the southbound carriageway near junction 16 at sandbach , cheshire .
the crash triggered a huge operation by the emergency services , with two people airlifted to hospital .
a 33-year-old woman from the sheffield .
area and a 50-year-old man from blackpool also remained in a serious .
but stable condition in hospital .
eleven people were hurt in the horrific crash , which occurred after 11:20 am on monday .
the pile up happened on the motorway 's southbound carriageway near junction 16 at sandbach , cheshire .
two vans , two hgvs and five cars were involved in the collision , causing huge delays for other motorists .
one section of the motorway was closed for more than ten hours .
cause : investigators are still trying to establish what caused the crash .
emergency : the crash prompted a significant response from the emergency services .
two people were taken to hospital by air ambulance .
injured : police investigate one of the vehicles involved in the crash .
cheshire police are continuing to appeal for witnesses after carrying out an investigation at the scene .
it is not thought that weather conditions contributed to the smash .
following the crash , a spokesman for cheshire fire and rescue .
service said yesterday : ` crews were called to the scene of a major road traffic .
collision on the m6 southbound between junctions 17 and 16 .
` there .
were seven service appliances at the scene which involved