russian prosecutors are studying a horrific video showing a train driver deliberately running over a bear while shouting ` squash him ' .
the sickening 20 second-long footage , which has gone viral on the internet , appears to show the animal running away from the engine down a stretch of railway track in siberia .
but instead of slowing down and stopping , the driver speeds up and excitedly shouts expletives before seeming to enjoy the moment of impact .
scroll down for video .
running away : the sickening 20 second-long footage , which has gone viral on the internet , appears to show the animal running away from the engine down a stretch of railway track in siberia .
` squash him !
but rather than slow down for the animal , a voice in the train cabin says ` squash him !
' moments later , the bear disappears under the train .
the siberian times reported that two male voices can be heard in the cabin , with one saying ` squash him ' and the other adding ` f *** ing squash him ' .
the video attracted the attention of transport officials in siberia after it was found online , and it is certain to anger conservationists around the world .
it is unclear what happened to the animal , as no body has been found and no traces of blood were found on the track , on the outskirts of norilsk , an industrial city 1,800 miles from moscow .
the scene : it is unclear what happened to the animal , as no body has been found and no traces of blood were found on the track , on the outskirts of norilsk , an industrial city 1,800 miles from moscow .
officials with the norilsk transport prosecutors office say the incident took place at about 2am on december 4 , near the golikovo checkpoint .
the single stretch of track is only operated by the norilsk nickel mining and metallurgical company , which is the world 's leading producer of nickel and palladium .
the single stretch of track is only operated by the norilsk nickel mining and metallurgical company , which is the world 's leading producer of nickel and palladium .
oksana gorbunova , a senior aide for the prosecutors office , told the siberian times : `