paris st-germain and brazil defender thiago silva has lamented his side 's lack of concentration and consistency this season .
les parisiens are third in ligue 1 , four points behind leaders lyon , following a 4-2 win over evian on sunday at the parc des princes .
silva told reporters : ` the side struggles to play well for the full 90 minutes .
thiago silva -lrb- right -rrb- battles for possession with evian 's nicolas benezet during psg 's 4-2 win .
silva breaks free of modou sougou as the defender surges forward .
` against bastia we did n't play well after the half-time break .
this time , it was before half-time .
it 's clearly a problem of concentration .
we are n't playing as well as last season .
' he added : ` we are all discussing the problem to find a solution .
' psg had been tipped to retain the ligue 1 title comfortably this season after last year 's runners-up as monaco sold off key players such as james rodriguez to work within new financial constraints .
instead , they find themselves trailing lyon and marseille , despite having finished 28 and 29 points respectively ahead of them last term .
marco verratti -lrb- left -rrb- outpaces evian 's clarck nsikulu -lrb- right -rrb- .
maxwell -lrb- right -rrb- jumps highest to meet the ball ahead of evian 's daniel wass -lrb- left -rrb- .
david luiz -lrb- left -rrb- fights for the ball with nsikulu -lrb- right -rrb- .
laurent blanc says that his side are ` very average in certain departments ' head coach laurent blanc suggested that his team ` were very average in certain departments ' after the game with evian , which meant they ` could n't dominate the match entirely , like we used to do last season .
` but we won , and that 's the main thing , because victory was imperative .
we need to be more clinical in front of goal , more aggressive .
we sometimes looked for the easy option against a very good evian side .
' psg 's swedish forward zlatan ibrahimovic takes on two evian defenders .
uruguay striker edinson cavani celebrates his goal after scoring for psg .
verrati -lrb- centre -rrb- dribbles himself into space in midfield .
david luiz celebrates scoring