by .
katherine faulkner .
published : .
17:55 est , 23 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
03:34 est , 24 november 2012 .
the evidence of a psychiatrist accused of distorting reports to suit the needs of local authorities is still being used to remove children from their parents .
one mother faced the prospect of having a baby son taken away from her because of a report written by dr george hibbert six years ago -- before the child in question was even born .
the doctor is at the centre of an investigation over claims that he falsely diagnosed parents with mental disorders to fit with the view of social services .
dr george hibbert , facing clams he deliberately misdiagnosed patients .
he has already offered to surrender his doctor 's licence following the claims -- but has been told the allegations are so serious he must face a public hearing .
now the mail online has learned that his reports -- for which he has been paid millions by local authorities -- are still being used in the secret family courts against parents he labelled ` unfit ' .
one woman , who can be named only as miss c , had her two daughters taken away after she failed one of dr hibbert 's controversial ` parenting assessments ' in 2006 .
in a bizarre report , he criticised miss c for speaking to her elder daughter ` in an over-bright tone ' , vacuuming the floor ` in an agitated way ' and even on one occasion , for ` overcooking the pasta ' .
he also expressed concern that her youngest daughter , who was just two months old , spent too much time ` asleep , wrapped in blankets ' .
claims have been made by a woman known as miss b , about how her daughter , now six , was taken away from her mother due to a report by psychiatrist dr george hibbert .
he concluded she was ` unable to protect the children from harm ' because she was ` preoccupied ' by what other people thought of her .
as a result of the report , the mother was forced to endure the agony of having her two children taken away -- and placed in the care of her abusive ex-partner .
'