tahira bano has been banned from owning a dog for 15 years after dumping her starving , dying puppy on a roadside in rochdale .
a mother who dumped her starved , dying puppy on the road in rochdale was today banned from keeping dogs for 15 years .
tahira bano 's staffordshire bull terrier was so emaciated and dehydrated she had to be put down just hours after rescuers found her .
as a result of hypothermia the dog 's heart beat could hardly be measured .
rspca investigators were alerted after bano phoned police claiming she had found the female dog wrapped in a blanket .
an officer attended and found the puppy weighed just 18.7 lb , almost half the 33lb normal weight for a breed of her size .
the dog was believed to be between six and eight weeks old , the manchester evening news reported .
after an appeal to the public for information , bano was identified as the dog 's owner .
the 37-year-old lives on cronkeyshaw road in rochdale , close to where the dog was found shortly before midnight on october 16 , 2013 .
bano insisted that the puppy was not hers and denied causing unnecessary suffering to it .
but the mother-of-one was today found guilty at the bury magistrates court and was sentenced to 18 weeks jail , suspended for two years .
bano was also ordered to do 100 hours of unpaid work and pay # 2,000 in costs .
the rspca had previously visited bano on three occasions in 2011 and 2012 after complaints from the public about the welfare of a dog at her address , kyra badman , prosecuting said .
chairman of the bench malcolm bywater said bano had neglected the puppy over a ` prolonged period ' , despite receiving advice form the rspca .
steven north , defending , said bano , who works in a salon in rochdale , continued to maintain her innocence and was considering an appeal .
the staffordshire bull terrier was so emaciated and dehydrated she had to be put down just hours after it was discovered on the roadside ; as a result of hypothermia the dog 's heart beat could hardly be measured .
a police officer who collected the puppy from the roadside found the puppy weighed just 18.7 lb , almost