by .
sally lee .
some prefer life in the fast lane and each year hot rodders from australia and around the world congregate for some adrenalin pumping action .
incredible images have emerged from australia 's version of speed week hosted at an extensive salt lake found in the outback of australia .
the dry lakes racers australia is held annually at lake gairdner in central south australia .
it attracts motor enthusiasts and speed demons alike in march when the lake is dry .
many of the vehicles are specifically designed and constructed for land speed racing - one of the earliest and purest forms of motorsport .
the blindingly clean white backdrop of australia 's fourth largest salt lake compliments each image , illustrating different characters and high-powered vehicles at the event .
the first speed week in australia was held back in 1990 and has been running ever since .
this year it ran from february 28 to march 7 .
it has attracted competitors from all over australia , the us , new zealand and the uk .
the australian version of speed week , the dry lakes racers australia , is held at lake gairdner in central south australia every year at march when the lake is dry .
many of the vehicles are specifically designed and constructed for land speed racing - one of the earliest and purest forms of motorsport .
australian and international competitors are attempting to achieve the highest possible speed with their constructed vehicle .
motor sports enthusiasts and speed demons alike gather for a celebration of high-powered cars and motorcycles .
the annual event has attracted competitors from all over australia , the us , new zealand and the uk .
the dry lakes racers australia held it 's first speed trials in march 1990 and has been running ever year since then .
onlookers gather at the sidelines at the event this year which was held from february 28 to march 7 .
motorists get geared up each year to road test their vehicles .
the blindingly clean white backdrop of australia 's fourth largest salt lake is popular among photographers .
the next speed week in australia takes place from march 23 to march 27 , 2015 .
an example of one of the high-powered vehicles at this year 's 24th annual speed week .