by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
06:41 est , 27 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
06:52 est , 27 june 2012 .
a boy with an inoperable brain tumour is using a special camera to help him remember what he 's been up to each day .
jacob tudor , nine , from bolton , greater manchester , was diagnosed after suffering vomiting and headaches on a summer holiday in cornwall last year .
his condition improved after a course of chemotherapy and radiotherapy , but the treatment has left him with very poor short-term memory .
he now wears a ` sensecam ' round his neck to help him remember what has happened throughout the day .
jacob 's mother louise said the sensecam helped him to recall events from the day before .
sensecam : this image shows how the device records pictures based on changes in temperature and movement .
it automatically takes 2,000 or more pictures a day , triggered by a change in temperature , movement , or lighting , or on a frequent timer function .
jacob can then look at the pictures to trigger and reinforce memories .
his mother louise , 36 , from westhoughton , said : ` some days jacob can do things and the next he ca n't .
he will be doing sums one day , then he ca n't another day .
` it can be frustrating when he has learned things .
he is very good with names and remembers things that were exciting or funny .
` he remembers what the sensecam is .
he keeps turning it to face himself to get on the pictures .
` we are extremely lucky .
we have met so many other people who have n't been so fortunate .
' jacob tudor will use the camera on a holiday to greece .
jacob 's parents are planning a holiday on the greek island of zante this summer and they are hopeful and excited that the camera will help jacob remember the visit .
the tumour initially left jacob paralysed and unable to speak , but he is now able to walk with supervision and can speak again .
westhoughton rotary club paid for the # 300 camera after jacob 's parents , louise and dave tudor , wrote to them .