by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
13:06 est , 28 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:50 est , 28 january 2013 .
the first soldier to survive after losing all four limbs in the iraq war has undergone an experimental double-arm transplant it was announced today .
new york resident , brendan marrocco , 26 , underwent the operation on december 18th at johns hopkins hospital in baltimore , according to his father who confirmed the operation to the associated press .
he also received bone marrow from the same dead donor who supplied his new arms - a new approach aimed at helping his body accept the new limbs with minimal medication to prevent rejection .
brendan marrocco has become the first quadruple amputee injured in iraw to have a double arm transplant .
the military is sponsoring operations like these to help wounded troops .
about 300 have lost arms or hands in the wars .
` he was the first quad amputee to survive ' from the wars in iraq and afghanistan , and there have been four others since then , said brendan marrocco 's father , alex marrocco .
` he was really excited to get new arms .
' the marroccos want to thank the donor 's family for ` making a selfless decision ... making a difference in brendan 's life , ' the father said .
surgeons plan to discuss the transplant at a news conference with the patient on tuesday .
the 26-year-old veteran is recovering at johns hopkins hospital .
he also received bone marrow from the same dead donor who supplied his new arms .
that novel approach is aimed at helping his body accept the new limbs with minimal medication to prevent rejection .
the 13-hour operation was led by dr. w.p. andrew lee , plastic surgery chief at johns hopkins , and is the .
seventh double-hand or double-arm transplant completed in the united states .
lee led three of those earlier .
operations when he previously worked at the university of pittsburgh , .
including the only above-elbow transplant that had been done at the .
time , in 2010 .
marrocco 's ` was the most complicated .
one ' so far , lee said in an interview monday .
it will take more than a .
year to