by .
daily mail reporter .
last updated at 9:20 am on 2nd december 2011 .
u.s. secretary of state hillary clinton today handed a letter from president barack obama to the leader of burma 's democracy movement , ang san suu kyi , as the two women met for the first time .
in it , mr obama thanks the nobel peace prize winner ` for the inspiration you provide all of us around the world who share the values of democracy , human rights , and justice .
' ` we stand by you now and always , ' he vows in the letter , which was released by the state department .
historic handshake : secretary of state hillary clinton and pro-democracy opposition leader ang san suu kyi meet at the us chief of mission residence in rangoon today .
mrs clinton had a private dinner with suu kyi today at the u.s. chief of mission residence in yangon , a highlight of her historic visit to myanmar .
suu kyi , a long-time political .
prisoner and now the country 's opposition leader , has said she will run .
in the forthcoming elections .
earlier , .
mrs clinton spoke of a ` new chapter in the shared history ' of america .
and burma after offering the the isolated country a small package of .
rewards for moving towards democratisation .
it followed a pivotal meeting with burma 's leader thein sein at his spectacular presidential palace .
mrs .
clinton said the u.s. was ready to further improve relations with the .
burma 's civilian government , but made it clear more must be done by the .
nation , including breaking its military ties with north korea .
shared values : mrs clinton handed suu kyi a latter of support from president barack obama as they had a private dinner together during the secretary of state 's historic visit to burma .
the u.s. secretary of state said she .
had ` candid , productive ' conversations with president thein sein and .
other myanmar ministers , and told them washington stood ready to support .
further reforms as the country seeks to emerge from decades of .
authoritarian military rule .
during .
her visit , mrs clinton offered the country future incentives , including .
the prospect of upgraded diplomatic