by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
16:45 est , 5 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:46 est , 5 june 2013 .
the heroic efforts of a surgeon to save the life of fatally wounded senator robert f. kennedy 45 years ago today have finally come to light - after a deeply personal quest by his news correspondent daughter .
trauma surgeon ross miller 's role in the tragic events of june 5 , 1968 were relatively unknown to all apart from his family including his daughter , cbs correspondent michelle miller .
senator kennedy was killed and five others .
wounded in the shooting in the kitchen of the .
ambassador hotel in los angeles after the senator had claimed victory in the california democratic primary for president .
scroll down for video .
historic turning point : dr ross miller -lrb- left -rrb- tried to save the life of robert f. kennedy on june 5 , 1968 .
pictured moments before -lrb- right -rrb- rfk thanks his supporters after winning californian primary .
national tragedy : senator robert f. kennedy awaits medical assistance as he lies on the floor of the ambassador hotel in los angeles moments after he was shot 45 years ago today .
dr miller had been a campaigner for rfk .
and served as a city councilman , believing that the senator promised the best chance of equality for all in the u.s. .
he was there on the night that rfk gave a rousing speech to his jubilant supporters .
shortly after making his victory speech .
in the ballroom , before a crowd from all economic and ethnic .
backgrounds , shots were fired .
there were screams for doctors to come forward - of which dr miller was one .
he battled courageously in the midst of chaos to save senator 's kennedy 's life .
after digging deep into the archives of .
footage and photography of that fateful night , his daughter found a picture of .
her young father standing helplessly outside kennedy 's hospital room as .
doctors battled in vain to save the senator .
there is also footage of the brave young doctor taking to news reporters following the horrifying events .
on camera , he says that the senator had head .
injuries and that there was a