the breast implants at the centre of a health scare involving thousands of british women contained a ` near criminal ' mix of chemicals including a fuel additive , it emerged today .
scientists in france carried out an extensive examination of the ` secret formula ' used by poly implant prothese -lrb- pip -rrb- , which went into liquidation last year .
up to 50,000 women in the uk , including breast cancer survivors , have the implants , which until now were thought to be filled with gel meant for mattresses .
jean-claude mas pictured with one of the implants .
he is how facing manslaughter charges in france .
mas denies any wrong-doing claiming that his implants were all completely safe .
defective : a plastic surgeon holds breast implants which were removed from a patient when they ruptured .
health secretary andrew lansley has ordered an urgent review of the safety of the pip implants and has promised that if there are concerns the government will ` act with whatever remedy required ' in fact , chemists commissioned by rtl , the paris radio station , found a range of potentially hugely harmful components including baysilone , silopren and rhodorsil .
baysilone is used as a fuel additive , while silopren and rhodorsil are mainly used in the production of rubber tubing .
` on the menu , a mixture of products used by industrial companies that have never been clinically tested for their possible harmful effects on the body , ' said a spokesman for rtl , adding : ` they include a fuel additive ' .
the spokesman said that jean-claude mas , the 72-year-old founder of pip who is facing manslaughter charges in france , put all the chemicals together as a part of a ` secret formula ' .
it enabled him to sell the implants at a vast discount , so enabling him to become a multi-millionaire .
` when the chemicals were all mixed with each other , the illusion was complete , ' said the rtl spokesman .
` all are products unknown to the medical world , ' said toxicologist andre picot , who carried out research for rtl , adding the mix was ` on the verge of criminal ' .
philippe courtois , a lawyer acting for women caught up in the scandal in france ,