with less than a month left until key state and federal elections , high-profile democrats , including vice president joe biden , first lady michelle obama and bill and hillary clinton , are busying themselves campaigning for democratic candidates , appearing alongside them at rallies and get-out-the-vote events .
noticeably missing out front and center at similar events is another recognizable democrat : president barack obama .
while the president has headlined a flurry of fundraisers for the democratic party 's official campaign arms and at least one political action committee , individual candidates are keeping him at arm 's length .
scroll down for video .
arkansas sen. mark pryor , left , takes a selfie with former president bill clinton during a rally today at the university of central arkansas in conway , arkansas .
clinton is headlining a series of rallies around the state this week to support arkansas democrats .
clinton was the belle of the ball today in arkansas , as he arrived back in home state to campaign for democratic candidates .
obama , whose approval rating has been upside down for months , has not appeared at public events with current or aspiring federal lawmakers and statewide executives , and that 's just the way they like it .
' i do n't need him campaigning for me -- i need him to change some of his policies , ' endangered democratic sen. mark begich when asked earlier this year if he 'd welcome the president 's presence on the campaign trail .
kentucky 's democratic nominee to the senate , alison lundergan grimes , even released an ad explaining to voters that she is not obama and disagrees with him on several issues important to her state .
instead , grimes has turned to former president bill clinton to help sell her candidacy to kentucky voters .
calling herself a ` clinton democrat , ' grimes has held two events featuring the retired politician .
last week he cut an ad for her - the first one he 's done for the upcoming election .
hillary clinton will also travel to kentucky this month to campaign for grimes , according to politico , but it 's not clear when or where they 'll join forces .
grimes is challenging senate minority leader and longtime kentucky politician mitch mcconnell for his senate seat