an ex-husband who allegedly stabbed his former wife 84 times before putting a pig mask on her face told police he could not remember the savage attack .
anthony novellino , 66 , from denville , new jersey , was in court on thursday for a hearing ahead of his murder trial .
two recorded interviews with novellino were played to the morristown court , the first time details of the grisly killing have been made public .
novellino is accused of stabbing to death his ex-wife judith , 62 , after she returned to their home to collect belongings , 11 days after their divorce in june 2010 .
anthony novellino , pictured in 2011 , attended a pretrial hearing for the murder of his wife judith in 2010 , shortly after the new jersey couple divorced .
on the tapes , novellino can be heard .
saying he only remembers ` twice cutting her with the knife ' and had ` no .
intention at all ' of hurting her , according to nj.com .
the 66-year-old suspect repeats .
these claims during the five hours he was interviewed by police .
he .
also admitted that he had not wanted a divorce and blamed the separation .
on his wife 's sister .
the .
suspect claims that it was his ex-wife who pulled a knife on him in the .
upstairs bathroom of their home on june 19 , 2010 during an argument - .
but said he did not remember subsequently stabbing her dozens of times .
novellino told police : ' i .
did n't do what you said i did .
i do n't know who would do that because i .
was the only one there .
' he added : ` in 15 seconds , everything happens .
your whole life changes in 15 seconds ' , according to nj.com .
anthony novellino , from new jersey , is on trial for the fatal stabbing of his ex-wife judith in 2010 at their home .
judith novellino was stabbed 84 times and a pig mask placed on her face when she went to collect belongings from her new jersey home in 2010 following her divorce .
novellino claims that when he left the bathroom , he noticed a pig mask in a messy closet and ` picked it up and threw