by .
janine yaqoob .
published : .
08:34 est , 22 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:18 est , 22 february 2013 .
a 91-year-old pensioner has been hailed a hero after rescuing her elderly neighbour from his smoke-filled flat .
jessamine skuse spotted smoke billowing from her neighbour 's home and without a thought for her own safety , ran inside and pulled evan davis , 97 , to safety .
despite her frail frame , jessamine managed to drag evan , who had only recently been discharged from hospital , out of his house and onto a mobility scooter before fire officers arrived .
firefighters claim her super strength and quick thinking probably saved evan 's life .
jessamine skuse , 91 , helped save the life of her 97-year-old neighbour evan davis , after smoke filled his flat .
the flats in knowle , bristol where jessamine pulled from evan his smoke-filled home and on to a mobility scooter before firefighters arrived .
her swift actions meant the fire brigade could get to the flats in knowle , bristol - home to many elderly people - and extinguish a smouldering tea towel before it burst into flames .
and the modest pensioner counts her blessings that waking up early allowed her to spot , and smell , the danger .
she said : ' i wake up at 6am every day because i worked for 40 years and it 's programmed into my body clock .
` that was very fortunate because at about 6.30 am , i could smell smoke .
' i went out into the corridor and i could smell it out there too , but i did n't know where it was coming from .
' i came back to my flat to see if i 'd left anything on , but i had n't .
firefighters claim jessamine 's super strength and quick-thinking probably saved evan 's life .
jessamine skuse , aged 20 , whilst serving in the 80th army searchlight regiment -lrb- auxiliary territorial service -rrb- during wwii in 1942 .
' i went back out and could see the smoke coming from under evan 's door .
i banged and banged and shouted to him and he said ` just a minute ' .
` when he opened the door he was on the floor