lawyers for the mommy blogger accused for killing her 5-year-old son with an overdose of salt tried to portray her as loving and concerned using internet activity and text message conversations around the time of the boy 's death .
lacey spears of chestnut ridge , new york is currently on trial for the murder of her son garnett , who died of sodium poisoning last year .
prosecutors introduced cell phone activity to the jury on thursday , arguing that searches about ` dangers of high sodium ' and ` hypernatremia ' carried out nine days before her son 's death proves she planned the attack .
lacey spears appeared in court on thursday in the murder trial of her 5-year-old son garnett who died of salt poisoning last year .
pictured above in court on tuesday .
jurors were shown pictures of garnett -lrb- right -rrb- for the first time on thursday .
but spears ' attorneys told the jury that the searches were evidence that spears loved her child , and wanted to know what was wrong with him .
they also pointed to a text message spears sent right after her son died , on january 25 , which read : ' i love him !!! he 's my entire world , my soul !!!!! i lived for him !!! ' they said spears was so torn up about the loss of her son , that she googled different ways to commit suicide including by overdose of sleeping pills and self-injecting insulin .
thursday 's court session also marked the first time that jurors were shown pictures of little garnett , showing the blonde-haired blue-eyed boy looking healthy , eating and painting , just two weeks before his death .
the most recent picture shown of the boy to the court was taken on january 25 , 2014 in the hospital with his eyes closed and jaw slack .
garnett 's aunt , lacey 's sister becky , wiped tears from her eyes as she saw the pictures in court , according to the journal news .
during the next court session , jurors are expected to be shown surveillance footage from the hospital which shows spears taking her son to the bathroom and holding his stomach tube which prosecutors claim she used to feed him the massive quantities of salt .
at one point in