by .
john drayton .
four germany players have been shortlisted for the world cup golden ball award along with argentina stars angel di maria , lionel messi and javier mascherano .
germany 's fine world cup sees defenders mats hummels and philipp lahm make the list along with thomas muller and toni kroos .
video scroll down for who wants it more ?
adidas wold cup final advert ft. messi .
goals galore : toni kroos -lrb- right -rrb- celebrates after scoring germany 's third .
last hope : neymar gives brazil the only chance of coming away with a trophy at this world cup .
the two sides face eachother in the final at the maracana on sunday evening after beating brazil 7-1 on tuesday , while argentina overcame holland on penalties the next evening .
neymar is brazil 's only entry , while james rodriguez and arjen robben complete the shortlist .
holland 's memphis depay , france midfielder paul pogba and team-mate raphael varane are on the shortlist for the best young player .
golden ball .
thomas muller , toni kroos , philipp lahm , mats hummels -lrb- all germany -rrb- , lionel messi , javier mascherano , angel di maria -lrb- all argentina -rrb- , neymar -lrb- brazil -rrb- , arjen robben -lrb- holland -rrb- , james rodriguez -lrb- colombia -rrb- .
best young player .
memphis depay -lrb- holland -rrb- , paul pogba , raphael varane -lrb- both france -rrb- .
golden glove .
keylor navas -lrb- costa rica -rrb- , sergio romero -lrb- argentina -rrb- , manuel neuer -lrb- germany -rrb- .
get in : mascherano put in a superb performance in sao paulo on wednesday night .
experienced : romero has 51 argentina caps and also played in the 2010 world cup in south africa .
not a single premier league player was shortlisted for an award across the three categories .
keylor navas ' heroics for surprise outift costa rica have been rewarded by being shortlisted for the golden glove for best goalkeeper , alongside germany 's manuel neuer and argentina 's sergio romero , who saved two penalties in the shoot-out win over holland .
the winner is selected by the fifa technical group and announced after the final .
failed : not a single premier league player was shortlisted for an award across the three categories .