by .
snejana farberov .
a 9-month-old baby boy from california was pronounced dead wednesday after he was left alone in his father 's hot car for 10 hours .
according to police , the san jose resident forgot to drop off his son at his babysitter 's home before heading to work and only learned of what happened when he returned to pick up his car .
just after 7pm wednesday , officers received a 911 call about an unresponsive baby in the backseat of an suv parked in the 3700 block of payne avenue in san jose .
scroll down for videos .
fatal mistake : a san jose , california , father , forgot to drop off his 9-month-old son at his babysitter 's home and left the boy to die of heat in the backseat of his parked suv .
first responders who arrived on the scene pronounced the child dead from a suspected heat stroke a short time later .
temperatures hovered around the 80-degree mark wednesday , but inside the locked car it was likely at least 20 degrees hotter , nbc bay area reported .
the boy 's father , who also has two older children , followed his usual routine wednesday morning , parking his silver honda suv on payne avenue before switching to his work vehicle - a large box truck stocked with supplies for vending machines .
the dad , whose work hours are 9am to 6pm , had made arrangements to drop off the 9-month-old at his sister-in-law 's house , but there was some ` misunderstanding .
' when the father and son failed to show up at her home , the woman concluded that someone else must have been caring for the infant that day , according to abc7 .
routine : every morning , the dad would park his suv on payne avenue and switch to a delivery truck .
yousif nijmeh , whose brother owns the company where the father of three works as a deliveryman , told the nbc station that the man loved the baby ` most in the whole world .
' witness : yousif nijmeh , a brother of the father 's boss , said he was working on his car just steps away from the suv but had no idea there was a baby inside because of tinted windows .