valentine 's day would n't be the day of love without red roses to declare your devotion -lrb- and empty your wallet -rrb- .
but with so many options on sale , hapless romantics are often in a quandary about which red bouquet is the perfect expression of undying love .
so for all the clueless chaps out there -lrb- and chicas - we are all for equal opportunities on the femail pages -rrb- , good housekeeping magazine has done the hard work for you by testing out ten floral bouquets for wow factor and it 's the m&s autograph freedom roses bouquet that takes the crown this year .
and the winner is : the m&s autograph freedom roses bouquet -lrb- # 40 for 12 including delivery -rrb- scored top marks with 82 out of 100 in the good housekeeping test .
good housekeeping secretly placed orders .
for bouquets of roses ranging from # 25 to # 50 with leading uk retailers .
and scored them on ease of ordering , delivery service , initial .
wow-factor and longevity .
the m&s autograph freedom roses bouquet -lrb- # 40 for 12 including delivery -rrb- scored top marks with 82 out of 100 in the good housekeeping test .
runners up : flower angels ruby roses was runner up and the impressive waitrose luxury red roses came next .
the long stemmed roses were .
beautifully presented with sprigs of eucalyptus , were a vibrant shade of .
red and lasted 11 days , according to the magazine .
the .
attractively presented flower angels ruby roses -lrb- # 49.99 for 12 .
including delivery -rrb- was runner up with 81 out of 100 and the impressive .
waitrose luxury red roses -lrb- # 50 for 20 including delivery -rrb- scored 77 out .
of 100 .
elegant : serenata 20 luxury white roses got the vote for most elegant flowers for mothering sunday in the good housekeeping 's march issue survey .
it was n't only red roses for valentine 's day that good housekeeping scrutinised but the magazine also tested a variety of white roses for mothering sunday .
again , m&s took the top spot with 81 out of 100 .
the m&s autograph white rose bouquet -lrb- # 35 for 12 including delivery -rrb- was simple to order , elegant , arrived de-thorned and the