battered by 25ft waves , a terrified british couple and their pet jack russell clung for hours to a life raft after their yacht sank .
leonard and lisa rorke are lucky to be alive after finding themselves stranded in the open ocean during a storm , 900 miles off bermuda .
they were eventually rescued after a passing tanker answered their distress call .
rescued : henri worthalter , left , of belgium ; lisa rorke , dexter a jack russell terrier and leonard rorke , right , from peterborough .
` we really did not think we were going to live , ' said mr rorke , 55 .
` it is nothing short of a miracle that we are still here and have survived .
we were clinging on for life when we were found .
' the .
rorkes , crew member henri worthalter , 29 , and their terrier dexter were .
forced to abandon their 49ft yacht blue pearl on thursday night after .
she began to sink following two days of severe storms in the atlantic .
u.s. coast guards rescued leonard rorke , 55 , lisa rorke , 50 , from peterborough along with their jack russell terrier , dexter .
the group , who had planned to take three weeks to sail across the ocean from the caribbean , leapt into an inflatable life raft .
` we had to jump and hold on for dear life , ' said mr rorke .
` we left with nothing , but we are just grateful to be alive .
' the .
couple , from oundle in northamptonshire , were able to activate an .
electronic radio beacon in the life raft that allowed the us coastguard .
to direct ships towards them .
a british-registered tanker called the tilda kosan was among three vessels that answered the distress call .
the 351ft ship , which was on its way to mexico with a cargo of gas , was 36 miles from the rorkes when it began the search .
despite .
the atrocious conditions and pitch darkness , the captain managed to .
locate the life raft .
due to its size , the tanker had to make three .
passes before it could manoeuvre alongside .
mr rorke , a computer technician , said the rescue was the finest piece