a record 247 million shoppers visited stores and websites over the post-thanksgiving black friday weekend this year , a figure almost equal to latest census figures for the total number of american citizens over the age of 14 .
the national retail federation released the figures on sunday , which reported that the number of shoppers this year was up nine percent from 226 million in 2011 .
according to the 2010 census , an estimated 308,745,538 people live in the united states .
once you subtract everyone under 14 years of age from the total population , that means there are 247,518,325 people in this country , just over the number who went shopping this past weekend according to the nrf .
record breaking : nearly 250 million americans went shopping over the thanksgiving weekend , that 's the same number as there are citizens over 14 .
cash flow : the staggering number of shoppers brought in roughly $ 60 billion over the course of the four-day weekend .
deep pockets : retailers are extremely encouraged that the average shopper spent $ 423 over the weekend .
this thanksgiving also saw americans .
spending more than ever before .
the average holiday spender dished out .
$ 423 over the entire weekend , up from $ 398 last year .
meanwhile , total .
spending jumped nearly 13 per cent to $ 59.1 billion across the country .
the nrf stats do n't yet take into .
account the numbers for cyber monday which was also a record-breaker .
sales grew 30 percent on last year according to ibm .
retailer are excited by these numbers , as they are seen as a successful start to the lucrative holiday season .
there had been initial fears that the .
weak job market and impending tax hikes would depress spending during .
one of the busiest seasons for retailers .
despite the financial doldrums many americans are apparently in , they were encouraged to spend courtesy of a number of creative new features designed to make holiday shopping more convenient .
specifically , americans were spurred to shop thanks to efforts made by retailers to open stores on thanksgiving evening , update mobile shopping apps for smartphones and tablets and expand shipping and layaway options .
when shopping turns ugly : security guards had to break up a fight