by .
daily mail reporters .
published : .
15:21 est , 13 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:10 est , 14 november 2013 .
a former homeless man who was stripped of his benefits after handing in $ 850 he found has demanded that authorities stop treating rough sleepers like criminals .
james brady , 59 , last night criticized the hackensack 's human service department 's ` lack of compassion ' in cancelling his general assistance and medicaid payments after his good deed .
the department controversially denied brady his $ 210 monthly assistance until the end of the year because he failed to report his ` income ' after police returned the unclaimed money to him in october .
scroll down for video .
unfair : speaking publicly for the first time , james brady , 59 -lrb- left -rrb- last night told a hackensack city council meeting he was treated unfairly by department officials .
not alone : james brady -lrb- front right -rrb- was surrounded by supporters before he addressed a council meeting last night .
the new jersey resident spoke publicly about the experience for the first time at a hackensack city council meeting yesterday .
` mea culpa on me if i had made a mistake , but it could have been handled in a more compassionate fashion , ' brady said , according to video posted by northjersey.com .
' i do n't want to tell you what you need to do but i would like you to be a little bit more cognizant of the needs of the homeless .
the homeless and criminal are not synonyms .
i 'm just trying to advocate for the homeless here .
` what i found is the social services in hackensack sometimes works at odds with what other people are trying to accomplish .
' hackensack mayor john p. labrosse , jr. , apologized to brady for the embarrassing system failure .
` this situation should never have happened .
the system itself should have something in place that throws up a red flag when something like this happens , so a person like mr brady does n't get stuck in this situation , ' he said .
` people in mr brady 's situation should n't have to go through this .
they 've already gone through enough .