published : .
03:37 est , 25 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:14 est , 25 november 2013 .
sir cameron mackintosh , above , planned the demolition of the former village hall and the erection of retail space for food and drink units .
theatre impresario sir cameron mackintosh 's plans to renovate a harbour in his highland village has caused bitter division after residents accused him of planning to destroy local trade .
sir cameron is said to have been ` deeply hurt ' over claims his # 750,000 coastal development in mallaig would ruin local business .
the theatre mogul , behind hit shows such as phantom of the opera , cats and les miserables is now threatening to pull out of building new marina facilities after the outcry by locals .
plans by the entertainment tycoon - estimated to be worth # 725m , placing him second on the sunday times rich list of uk music millionaires - include the erection of a food outlet .
but locals say mallaig already has too many restaurant and fear the competition .
sir cameron , 66 , has sparked fierce debate over the site , which includes his own private pier .
it involves the demolition of the former village hall and the building of marina facilities , flats , shops , restaurants and bars .
it is due to be heard by highland council in the new year .
but already many locals have lodged official objections and even organised a petition .
taste of scotland award winner michele milligan of the steam inn said : ` how in god 's name is another one -lrb- food outlet -rrb- going to benefit anyone ?
you say ` it will provide jobs ' i say i will need to pay off staff as there wo n't be enough to go around !
` think bout -lrb- sic -rrb- this from our point of view !
we graft all year i employ 18 staff which is all year if the business has a downturn i will have to reduce full time workers so another competitor can employ seasonal workers .
` by all means renovate what existing buildings are there and clean the place up !
if mr macintosh wants to invest money do it wisely and not to the detriment of all ready struggling businesses