a flood of sex abuse victims are expected to come forward in the wake of a new lawsuit filed against michael jackson , the mailonline has learned .
james safechuck , 36 , is suing the jackson estate claiming he was abused by the king of pop after the two appeared together in a 1988 pepsi ad when he was aged 10 .
james claims the pop star went on to molest him for years up until the age of 14 .
he has added his name to a previous suit filed last year by 31-year-old wade robson , an australian former-choreographer who claims jackson sexually abused him at a young age .
scroll down for video .
victim : james safechuck , now 36 , has come forward to claim sex abuse .
a source close to his legal team say it could prompt a ` flood ' a similar complaints against jackson 's estate .
today : safechuck , pictured in london with jackson in 1988 , claims he suffered abuse from age 10 to 14 after the star befriended him while filming a pepsi commercial .
sources have revealed to mailonline that his legal team believe his case is so strong that it will likely inspire ` dozens ' more victims of abuse to come forward and share their accounts of the singer .
one source close to james ' lawyer said : ` we think that james ' case might well prompt a flood of other victims to come forward .
the idea that some people take years and years to come to terms with this kind of abuse is very typical .
` we believe that james coming forward will inspire others to do the same .
there could be dozens more victims of michael jackson out there .
' the lawsuit filed last week remains sealed , but it 's believed james , a computer programmer who is married with two children and lives in van nuys , california , met jackson when the pair starred in the pepsi commercial .
james was acting the part of a young boy who sneaks into the singer 's dressing room during a concert and eventually meets his idol .
during 1988 , the year the commercial was shot , james followed jackson around the world - attending concerts in paris , los angeles , and london