two pupils have been suspended after schoolgirl 's drink was spiked with highly corrosive hydrochloric acid during a science lesson .
the teenager was left needing urgent medical treatment after she unwittingly downed the potentially lethal liquid at the specialist science college .
the girl avoided serious injury from the colourless corrosive substance as a result of the quick thinking actions of staff at hounsdown school in southampton , hampshire .
a schoolgirl was left needing medical treatment at hounsdown school , pictured , after he water bottle was spiked with hydrochloric acid .
an investigation was immediately launched into the incident that is understood to have been a classroom prank .
julie turvey , headteacher at hounsdown school , said : ` the school is taking this matter very seriously and continuing its investigation .
a student took a sip from a water bottle into which other students had put a small amount of hydrochloric acid .
` immediate action was taken to assess the student and the risk of serious harm .
first aid treatment was administered and , thankfully , no significant injury was caused and no subsequent medical or hospital treatment was needed .
` the welfare and safety of all pupils attending this school is our priority .
we have reported the incident to the police and two students have been temporarily excluded .
' the schoolgirl , who is in year 11 , raised the alarm on tuesday after taking a sip from her drink .
she discovered an unusual taste and smell to the liquid .
the child 's science teacher abandoned the lesson while the girl was sent to the school medical room , assessed and given water to drink .
tests reportedly showed the girl 's water bottle had been contaminated with hydrochloric acid , pictured left .
julie turvey , headteacher at hounsdown school , pictured right said they were taking the matter ` very seriously ' a group of boys thought to have been ` messing around ' in the lesson were later questioned about the incident .
tests reportedly showed the bottle was contaminated with the substance but that the concentration of the acid was low .
the schoolgirl , who has not been named , did not require hospital treatment or suffered any ill effects as a result .
hydrochloric acid is a highly corrosive solution of