by .
jenny hope medical correspondent .
published : .
07:23 est , 28 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:06 est , 28 march 2013 .
thousands of people with kidney cancer that has spread are to be denied a new pill that could prolong their lives , claim doctors .
axitinib extends the lives of advanced kidney cancer sufferers by two months on average , according to trials .
but the drug is the latest to face an nhs ban by the rationing watchdog , the national institute for health and clinical excellence -lrb- nice -rrb- .
it has already axed another drug that could be used after treatment stops working and the cancer starts growing again .
banned : axitinib extends the lives of advanced kidney cancer sufferers by two months on average , according to trials .
professor tom powles , consultant oncologist at barts health nhs trust , london , said : ` this is very bad news for the thousands of patients across england and wales who could benefit from treatment with axitinib .
` what will it take for nice to approve a treatment in this setting ?
' professor powles said it was one of a new generation of drugs that cut off the blood supply to tumours which promise to extend life far more than trial data suggests .
he said : ` in the seven years since i started working in kidney cancer , average life expectancy has more than doubled from 12 months to 30 months because we can treat continuously with different drugs .
` but restricting the drugs we can offer , particularly after first-line treatment has failed , means we are losing the benefits .
indeed it may mean we are wasting money on drugs at an earlier stage because we ca n't provide maintenance therapy that gives patients a longer life and better quality of life .
' axitinib , also known as inlyta , targets molecules on tumour cells that help stimulate blood vessel growth .
with their supply of oxygen and nutrients cut off , tumours eventually starve and die .
altogether 9,000 people are diagnosed with kidney cancer each year , including one-third which has spread because of lack of symptoms in the early stages .
the average age is 55 years .
almost two in three might be eligible