by .
rob waugh .
the skeleton of a bushy-tailed baby dinosaur that roamed earth 135 million years ago has been found in europe .
the creature had little ` fuzzy ' feathers , almost like hairs .
named sciurumimus after the tree squirrel species sciurus , it is the best preserved dinosaur remains ever discovered in europe .
at just 72 cms -lrb- 28 inches -rrb- long , the fanged predator looks like a tiny t-rex .
it is believed to have been a year-old hatchling and had a large skull , short hind limbs and smooth skin .
bushy-tailed : the 135million-year-old fossil of this dinosaur , named the sciurumimus , has been discovered in germany .
it measures just 72cms long and is believed to have been a hatchling .
its vivid compression with mouth wide open also bears the outline of sharp , serrated little teeth and primitive fuzzy feathers that are more akin to hair .
these were over its front , below the belly , and back as well as the tail , suggesting the animal 's whole body could have been covered in feathers .
it is impossible to say exactly what killed the animal , but it has been speculated that it may have drowned .
previously reported fossils of feathered killer dinosaurs belonged to a group called coelurosaurs that are closely related to birds and from which t rex and other meat-eating beasts evolved .
but sciurumimus albersdoerferi - dug up out of limestone rock at a quarry near kelheim in bavaria , southern germany , in 2009 - was a megalosauroid which were members of the theropods .
dr oliver rauhut said : ` here we report an exceptionally preserved skeleton of a juvenile megalosauroid , sciurumimus albersdoerferi , from the late jurassic of germany , which preserves a filamentous plumage at the tail base and on parts of the body .
` the specimen is preserved in complete articulation , lying on its right side .
' fossils of theropods - which include t rex - are rare and usually fragmented .
the best t rex specimens are about 80 percent preserved whereas sciurumimus is about 98 percent intact .
dr rauhut , curator of the bavarian paleontological and geological collections -lrb- bspg -rrb- in munich , led an international team that examined the animal .
he said :