by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
04:07 est , 8 august 2012 .
| .
updated : .
06:48 est , 8 august 2012 .
makes history : norma graham is the first chief constable to appear in court as the accused in scottish legal history .
scotland 's first female chief constable is to stand trial after she denied causing a head-on car crash which left another woman injured .
norma graham , the chief constable of fife constabulary , was involved in a collision earlier this year as she drove to work at the force 's headquarters outside glenrothes , fife .
she and another motorist , hannah shedden , were taken to hospital following the accident on the b922 cluny to kinglassie road .
her unmarked dark blue audi quattro and miss shedden 's renault clio were both badly damaged .
now .
graham , 49 , who earns # 120,000 a year and is set to retire in three .
weeks ' time , faces a charge of careless driving over the incident .
it .
is thought this is the first time in scottish legal history that a .
chief constable has been cited to appear in court as an accused .
yesterday was the third time the case has called in court -- with the top officer again absent .
it had earlier been continued without a plea being entered twice , with lawyers saying they needed time to complete ` investigations ' into the case .
scene of the crash : graham is charged with careless driving after she collided head-on with another vehicle on this bend of the b922 cluny to kinglassie road .
her solicitor , sally mckenzie , told kirkcaldy sheriff court that graham denied driving on the b922 cluny to kinglassie road on february 7 without due care and attention or without reasonable consideration for other persons using the road .
it is alleged that graham failed to keep the vehicle under proper control and caused it to collide with miss shedden 's vehicle .
prosecutors say that , as a result , both vehicles were damaged and both she and miss shedden were injured .
sheriff richard macfarlane set a trial date in december and ordered graham to appear at a pre-trial hearing in november .
a spokesman for fife constabulary declined to comment on