she may not have made it to the store 's launch but victoria beckham has proven that she is no fair-weather business woman when it comes to her shop .
the 40-year-old designer was spotted visiting her dover street store in london 's mayfair again today .
her namesake store opened it 's doors four days ago to an incredibly eager crowd and since being back in the uk , victoria has found it hard to keep away from her beloved boutique .
scroll down for video .
victoria beckham has made her second visit to her newly opened boutique .
victoria made her first trip to the store on saturday having flown in from america less than 24-hours before hand .
after her arrival the mother-of-four , tweeted : ` so excited to visit my store today !
thank u to my wonderful team and customers i met today !! x vb .
' her store opened its doors on thursday but on the day victoria was unavailable to attend and david beckham made an appearance in her place .
you 'd be mistaken for thinking that has been putting her feet up .
her delayed arrival to the shop was due to the fact that she was delivering a un speech in new york as part of her role as a goodwill ambassador .
despite the rain victoria was true to her posh spice style wearing her signature sunglasses and heels .
victoria seems determined to show that she will be entirely hands on with her store .
victoria seemed as though she was in a good mood as she laughed and joked with her team in the shop .
since her return victoria has made it her business to stay on top of her business .
today in true posh spice style , despite the rain , she arrived at the store in suede shoe-boots and sunglasses .
her outfit choice was slightly more subtle than her first visit to the store where victoria wore a statement leopard print skirt that came in at a hefty # 4000 .
today the mother-of-three wore a simple white shirt and full black skirt to demonstrate her professional attitude .
victoria seemed right at home as she wore her sunglasses while inspecting the store .
victoria 's outfit today was slightly more demure than her bold leopard print pencil skirt