allegations : cecily mcmillan , 26 -lrb- pictured arriving at a hearing earlier this year -rrb- appeared in court to face allegations she threatened to kill a police officer 's family during an incident on the new york subway .
an occupy wall street activist has been accused of threatening to kill a plain-clothed police officer 's family during an incident on the new york subway .
cecily mcmillan , 26 , who was jailed for three months earlier this year for elbowing an officer during the 2012 demonstrations , allegedly made the threats when two fare-dodgers were being arrested .
the graduate student from the new school appeared in a manhattan court on monday , charged with obstructing governmental administration during an altercation in union square station last december .
officer luis castillo told the pretrial hearing that he heard mcmillan accuse his partner , officer brian rothermel , of being a ` male chauvinist pig ' , the guardian reported .
he claims she then said : ` and he probably does n't have any kids or a wife , but if he did , i 'd kill them .
' mcmillan has denied the misdemeanor charge which carries a year prison sentence if convicted .
according to her supporters ' website , mcmillan was ` arrested again ' by the nypd for filming the police as they arrested two people inside station .
the post reads : ` cecily saw two plainly dressed men begin to abusively confront and interrogate a young couple .
` when she began to question them about the harassment , it turned out the men were police officers who then arrested them .
` cecily followed them to the subway precinct , watching to make sure they were not further abused , and began to take a video of the arrest process from outside the precinct doors .
mcmillan , dubbed the ` queen of non-violence ' , was found guilty in may of assaulting a police officer during a demonstration two years before .
as the verdict was read out and she was led away from the court room , her supporters shouted : ` shame !
shame !
shame !
' the student , who was 25 at the time , was sentenced to three years but served around eight on rikers island in new york .
her defense team