pick jack wilshere and co for a dash at european u21 glory next summer .
alex oxlade-chamberlain says he would welcome a place in the england under 21 squad for next summer 's european championship .
there has been much debate over whether full internationals such as oxlade-chamberlain , arsenal team-mates jack wilshere and calum chambers , manchester united 's luke shaw , everton 's ross barkley and liverpool 's raheem sterling should ` drop down ' to gareth southgate 's team .
the young lions booked their place at the finals following a 4-2 aggregate victory over croatia in a play-off this week and it immediately triggered talk of taking several senior stars to the czech republic in june .
alex oxlade-chamberlain said he would play in the european under 21 championship if selected .
england 's u21 side qualified for next year 's tournament in the czech republic by beating croatia in a play-off .
arsenal boss arsene wenger is against players reverting to the under 21s but oxlade-chamberlain insists he would not turn down a call-up .
` yes -lrb- i 'd play at the euros if i was asked -rrb- , you 'd never turn your nose up at something like that , ' said the 21-year-old , who has 18 england caps .
` but there 's a lot that goes into that because the national team have two games around the same time as the tournament .
so it 's up to roy hodgson to decide what he wants .
` there 's a lot of players in the england squad at the moment that could drop back down and play for the under 21s so it 's up to the manager to decide .
oxlade-chamberlain -lrb- left -rrb- and raheem sterling are among the england players who are eligible for the u21s .
the arsenal forward has played 18 times for england already at the age of just 21 .
` when that time comes around i 'll have to think about it .
gareth -lrb- southgate , england u21 manager -rrb- might not even want me .
it 's a discussion that will be had closer to the time with the england manager , someone at arsenal and gareth southgate .
' and oxlade-chamberlain , speaking on the clare balding show on bt sport , added : ` it 's a good