by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
14:02 est , 4 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:56 est , 4 october 2013 .
the convicted killer of a lottery winner wo n't be able to keep the million-dollar home he bought and ` sold ' to her .
a judge in lakeland , florida ruled wednesday that an expensive home and other assets be returned to the estate of deceased lottery-winner abraham shakespeare .
judge j dale durrance wrote that there was no evidence dorice ` dee dee ' moore ever purchased the home on red hawk bend drive from abraham .
no home behind bars : dorice ` dee dee ' moore was convicted last december of killing lottery-winner abraham shakespeare .
a judge ruled this week she wo n't be able to keep the home she claims he sold to her .
real estate : shakespeare paid $ 1million for the above home in 2007 , but at the time of his death it seems it was in the control of moore .
murderer and victim : moore , left , was convicted last december of first-degree murder connected with the april 2009 death of shakespeare , right .
moore swindled the home and other assets from shakespeare when she was pretending to write a book about the people taking advantage of him .
shakespeare paid $ 1million for the house when he bought it in 2007 .
shakespeare 's sons have been fighting to get the assets back since moore was convicted of first-degree murder and sentenced to life in prison last december .
luck , then tragedy : mr shakespeare collected his massive lottery check with his family by his side in 2006 .
his body was found buried behind a house in april 2009 .
stephen martin , the lawyer representing shakespeare 's sons , told the ledger that they expect to sell the home and will attempt to collect on the mortgages .
moore killed shakespeare in april 2009 , after he won a $ 30million lottery jackpot in 2006 .
prosecutors .
said the 41-year-old moore befriended shakespeare in late 2008 , .
claiming she was writing a book about how people were taking advantage .
of him .
emotional : shakespeare 's sister linette williams , center , breaks down in tears during moore 's trial .