by .
associated press .
and mailonline reporter .
luxury department store barneys has agreed to pay $ 525,000 to resolve allegations that minorities were singled out as suspected shoplifters at its flagship store .
barneys shoppers and ex-employees last year complained that detectives followed minority customers around -- even after staffers identified them as frequent patrons -- and disproportionately investigated their credit-card use .
state attorney general eric schneiderman said some salespeople subsequently avoided serving african american and hispanic shoppers to avoid getting calls from store investigators .
scroll down for video .
review : barneys new york chief executive mark lee , standing at the podium beside reverend al sharpton -lrb- second from right -rrb- in october 2013 following complaints the luxury department store was racially profiling customers .
besides the $ 525,000 in fines and expenses , barneys will hire an ` anti-profiling consultant ' for two years , update its policy and record-keeping on detaining customers suspected of theft , and improve training of security and sales personnel .
` this agreement will correct a number of wrongs , both by fixing past policies and by monitoring the actions of barneys and its employees to make sure that past mistakes are not repeated , ' schneiderman said in announcing the settlement on monday .
barneys ceo mark lee said in a statement that the company was pleased with the settlement , first reported by the daily news .
` barneys new york has prided itself on providing an unparalleled customer experience to every person that comes into contact with our brand -- open and welcoming to one and all , ' lee 's statement said , adding that the store does n't tolerate discrimination .
taking legal action : trayon christian -lrb- left -rrb- and kayla phillips -lrb- right -rrb- claim they were harassed by police at barneys in new york after buying expensive items .
community outrage : reverend conrad tillard speaks in front of a barneys luxury department store in new york on october 30 , 2013 , as demonstrators protest the unfair security policies at barneys and macy 's .
schneiderman 's investigation came after two barney 's shoppers , both of whom are black , said last year they were detained by police after making expensive purchases at the madison avenue luxury emporium .
in february , 21-year-old nursing student kayla phillips