by .
matt blake .
published : .
06:01 est , 30 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
04:40 est , 31 october 2012 .
ordeal : kayley howson , 18 , endured a three year legal ordeal culminating in her testifying against her alleged assailant in court only to see him cleared by a jury .
a teenager hanged herself while suffering from severe depression after a man she accused of rape was acquitted , an inquest heard .
kayley howson , 18 , endured a three-year ordeal to bring the alleged assailant to court but he was cleared by a jury .
the college student and budding poet was said to have taken the verdict ` very , very hard ' .
two years later her mother found her hanged at her home .
yesterday , more than four years after the tragedy , a coroner described the rape investigation as a ` catastrophic episode ' in her life .
east lancashire coroner richard taylor added : ` she was a normal , slightly shy 14-year-old who was subjected to what the psychiatrist described as a catastrophic episode when she said she was sexually assaulted .
the effects were traumatic .
` we must never ever forget that this was a young girl , just trying to be normal , trying to grow up .
' when miss howson was 14 she told a teacher she had been raped , the inquest heard .
the case went to court in 2006 and miss howson gave evidence via video link .
her mother janet mitchell , 52 , told the inquest : ` giving evidence was hard for her .
kayley started self-harming after revealing what had allegedly happened .
she was a completely different person from before , overcome with waves of depression .
` she 'd go to her bedroom and write .
deep poetry was her way of expressing herself .
' troubled : kayley howson , right , celebrates her 18th birthday party with sister jayde , left .
the college student slipped into bouts of depression after making her allegation to police .
wanting answers : kayley 's mother janet mitchell , left , and sister catherine arrive at burnley town hall for the inquest into her death .
following the acquittal miss howson went on a downward spiral and took 12