by .
luke salkeld .
published : .
05:13 est , 20 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
19:05 est , 20 november 2012 .
as the daughter of a # 13million lottery winner , ffion jenkins was perhaps entitled to hope for a pretty special 17th birthday party .
unfortunately for her , that hope was shared by about 200 teenagers who arrived at her house to join the raucous celebrations after the event was advertised on facebook .
while ffion 's mother , sandra fosbrooke , was at the local pub which she co-owns , partygoers were running riot at her six-bedroom home .
jackpot : sandra fosbrooke , with former partner ken henry in 2005 when they won # 12.8 on the lottery .
ms fosbrooke was at the nearby stag pub in five roads , which she jointly runs , while her daughter ffion 's daugher descended into chaos .
the police had to be called after the party descended into violence , and six arrests were made amid reports of fights and windows being smashed .
yesterday mrs fosbrooke , who won # 12.8 million on the lottery in 2005 with her then partner ken henry , would not comment on the chaotic event .
but she may have been left wishing she had spent some of her winnings on hiring a security guard or two for the evening .
as for ffion , despite apparently already having fallen foul of the social networking site , she took to facebook again after the party to declare that it had put the village where she lives ` on the map ' .
witnesses said it took police 40 minutes to calm the party down at the family home in five roads near llanelli , carmarthenshire , on friday night .
lottery winner sandra fosbrooke , pictured left , refused to comment after her home was trashed by 200 gatecrashers who read about the birthday party of her daughter ffion jenkins 17 , right , on facebook .
home sweet home : six people have been arrested after sandra fosbrooke 's house in five roads , llanelli , was trashed by gatecrashers .
one said : ` there were about 200 people , with fights starting everywhere .
it was chaos .
i think someone threw a flatscreen telly out of the window .
the