published : .
13:03 est , 3 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:37 est , 3 april 2013 .
apple has hit major delays with its flagship ios software due to a radical new look and feel , it was claimed today .
experts say engineers have had to be pulled from its mac software group so the new version can be finished in time for a rumoured summer launch .
it will be the first major overhaul of its software under british designer sir jonathan ive , and is believed to look completely different with a cleaner , uncluttered design .
apple 's sir jonathan ive in may 2012 .
he is now overseeing a major overhaul of the firm 's ios software , which is believed to have hit delays .
sir jonathan was given the responsibility the software earlier this year after the company fired scott forstall in a move believed to be related to the firm 's huge problems with its maps app .
` what i 've heard : ios 7 is running behind , and engineers have been pulled from os x 10.9 to work on it ' said john gruber of the apple blog daring fireball .
he also claimed engineers working on the project had been given special handsets .
` word on the street is that ios engineers with carry privileges all have some sort of polarizing filter on their iphone displays , such that it greatly decreases viewing angles , thus making it difficult for observers to see the apparently rather significant system-wide ui overhaul .
' apple 's next iphone could go on sale in the summer alongside the new software , it has been claimed .
sources close to the electronics giant say the handset , expected to be a speed-boosted version of the current iphone 5 with new software , will begin production within weeks and go on sale in the summer .
this will break with apple 's traditional autumn unveiling of a new handset , and is likely to pave the way for a lower cost iphone to be revealed later in the year .
customers queue up to purchase the iphone 5 smartphone at the apple flagship store on george street in sydney , australia .
the firm is believed to be preparing to unveil the next version in the summer