jordan spieth admitted he would probably sleep in the green jacket after claiming his first major title in record-breaking fashion in the 79th masters .
spieth became the first player ever to reach 19 under par at augusta and only a bogey on the 18th prevented him from adding the 72-hole scoring record to the 36 and 54-hole records he set on friday and saturday .
the 21-year-old also became the second youngest champion behind tiger woods - whose 18-under total he equalled - after a closing 70 left him four shots ahead of justin rose and phil mickelson .
jordan spieth admitted he would probably sleep in the green jacket after claiming his first major title .
spieth became the first player to reach 19 under par at augusta and eventually won with an 18-under total .
spieth poses in his green jacket having held his nerve in sunday 's final round in a start-to-finish victory .
1 depending on which part of the internet you believe , the name spieth comes from middle high german and means either ` successful ' and ` speedy ' or ` late ' .
2 recently started the jordan spieth charitable trust , which focuses on special needs youth , military families and junior golf .
it is inspired by his younger sister ellie , who has autism .
3 even world no 1 rory mcilroy was impressed by the course-record 63 spieth produced to win the australian open in december .
` you could give me another 100 rounds today at the australian and i would n't sniff 63 , ' mcilroy wrote on twitter .
4 spieth is an occasional member of the ` money games ' organised by phil mickelson in practice rounds before tournaments .
5 won the john deere classic two weeks before his 20th birthday in 2013 , thereby becoming the first teenage winner on the pga tour since 1931 .
6 is only the second player after tiger woods to have won the us junior amateur championship more than once .
7 spieth rented two houses at the masters , one to sleep in and the other to hang out with friends and family .
8 he won two and a half points from his four matches at the ryder cup in gleneagles last year , losing to graeme mcdowell in the singles after being