harry kane kept his astonishing season rolling with two goals in two minutes for england 's under 21s -- only for france to hit back and inflict a first defeat in 12 games on gareth southgate 's men .
tottenham striker kane took his tally to 15 goals from 14 starts for club and country , but arsenal 's french starlet yaya sanogo grabbed a brace of his own to wipe out the 2-0 lead .
kingsley coman rifled a shot into the top-left corner after 73 minutes to clinch the friendly win for france .
england midfielder tom ince shoots past goalkeeper alphonse areola and defender aymeric laporte ... ... and harry kane is left with a tap in to put england under 21s 2-0 ahead against france .
france u21 : areola , laporte , conte , mendy , gbamin , tolisso -lrb- sanson 74 -rrb- , imbula -lrb- bakayoko 64 -rrb- , veretout , ntep , sanogo , thauvin -lrb- coman 63 -rrb- .
subs not used : nardi , foulquier , amavi , bahebeck .
booked : tolisso , mendy .
goals : sanogo 29,44 , coman 73 .
england u21 : bond , keane , garbutt , gibson -lrb- jenkinson 42 -rrb- , lascelles , chalobah -lrb- forster-caskey 33 -rrb- , carroll , pritchard -lrb- ings 46 -rrb- , ince , kane -lrb- wilson 65 -rrb- , redmond .
subs not used : butland , robinson , hughes , bamford , woodrow .
booked : carroll , lascelles .
goals : kane 20,22 .
att : 5,000 .
ref : serdar gozubuyuk -lrb- leeuwarden -rrb- .
kane struck first after 20 minutes of a rain-soaked contest in brest , running on to an incisive pass from tom ince before dinking the ball over the goalkeeper with his left foot .
and the same combination struck again , with ince -- currently on loan at forest from hull -- producing a brilliant turn before crossing for kane to tap home from two yards .
an assistant failed to spot sanogo was offside as he touched home antoine conte 's effort to reduce the arrears .
then on the stroke of half-time sanogo levelled with another smart piece of poaching .
it was the first defeat for gareth southgate 's young lions and england under-21s ' first since the last european tournament in israel in 2013 -