warner bros has come underfire for ` fat shaming ' with its latest installment of the .
hit cartoon series scooby-doo .
in its new direct-to-video release , frankencreepy , the female lead daphne blake gets ` cursed ' during an adventure in pennsylvania and is horrified to see her body morph from a size 2 to a size 8 .
many viewers have criticized warner bros for the plot line , loosely based on mary shelley 's frankenstein , stating that it sends the wrong message about body image to children , especially when the average dress size among american women is reported to be a 14 .
some have also suggested that daphne 's new shape looks far bigger than a size 8 .
scroll down for video .
controversial : in scooby-doo !
frankencreepy the female lead , daphne blake gets ` cursed ' during an adventure in pennsylvania and is horrified to see her body morph from a size 2 to a size 8 .
look of terror : many viewers have criticized warner bros for the plot line , stating that it sends the wrong message about body image to children .
indeed , tom burns writes on his the good men project blog : ` that 's right .
daphne gets cursed and -lrb- horror of horrors -rrb- she finds that 's she 's gone from a `` size two to a size eight , '' even though she 's been drawn by animators who apparently have never seen a size-eight woman in real life before .
' `` fat daphne '' is drawn like she 's violet beauregarde from willy wonka , like she 's puffed up like a balloon .
' he continues : ` it 's sad to think that my daughter ca n't even watch a cartoon about a dog solving mysteries without negative body stereotypes being thrown in her face .
' ' `` fat daphne '' is drawn like she 's violet beauregarde from willy wonka , like she 's puffed up like a balloon ' agreeing with mr burns ' comments , leslie burns from san diego , california , notes on twitter : ` shame !
#scoobydoo fat-shames daphne , saying she 's a size 8 -lrb- like that 's bad ?! -rrb- and depicting it more like a size 28 .
' and an equally