child actor corey feldman told police he was molested and who his abusers were more than 20 years ago but they did nothing about it , it was claimed today .
the goonies actor has opened up about the sexual abuse he suffered for years at the hands of ` older men in hollywood ' after his book coreyography was released recently .
a recording of feldman speaking to santa barbara sheriffs recorded in december 1993 when the actor was 22 was obtained by radaronline .
opened up : the stand by me actor insists that michael jackson did not molest him .
tragic : corey feldman , center , has opened up about the sexual abuse he and fellow child actor corey haim , left , suffered in hollywood .
feldman was being questioned in relation to the molestation charges brought against micahel jackson by jordy chandler and his family .
in his book the stand by me actor said his relationship with the pop king was one of the healthiest he had .
in the recording , feldman can be heard telling sgt. deborah linden and detective russ birchim , ' i myself was molested ' before going on to name his abusers .
the detectives expressed little to no concern but continued to keep the focus on jackson .
' i know what it 's like to go through those feelings and believe me , the person who molested me , if this was him that did that to me , this would be a different story .
' i would be out there , up front , doing something immediately to have this man given what was due to him .
' he alluded to this interview recently after a fan on twitter asked him why he did not report the men to authorities .
` all names were given to police before statute had run out but they did zero , ' he answered .
the santa barbara county sheriff 's office did not respond to requests for comment .
memoir : in a new book , coreyography , pictured , corey feldman , from hit movies ` stand by me , ' ` the lost boys , ' ` gremlins ' and ` the goonies , ' recalls being told by trusted adults that it was normal for older men and young boys to