a malaysian man who is suspected of running an islamic state terror cell in australia has been arrested in kuala lumpur , a malaysian report says .
the 29-year-old was detained by malaysian counter terrorism officials upon his arrival at kuala lumpur international airport about 6am on thursday , according to the star online .
the man was reportedly deported from australia on wednesday after authorities became aware of his terror activities .
a man is suspected of recruiting malaysian militants to be sent via australia to fight for is in syria , report says .
the man is suspected of reportedly recruiting malaysian militants to be sent via australia to join is in syria .
the factory supervisor is suspected of recruiting malaysian militants to be sent via australia to join the fight for is in syria , the star online says .
minister for immigration and border protection spokesman told daily mail australia that it would be inappropriate to go into any further details .
` the department will detain and remove where appropriate any unlawful non-citizen , ' the spokesman said .
the head of malaysia 's counter-terrorism special branch ayob khan mydin-pitchay told abc that the man was working illegally for three months on a farm in australia .
he was detained by malaysian counter terrorism officials upon arrival at kuala lumpur international airport .
the man reportedly set up base in australia to avoid the watchful eye of malaysian counter terrorism special branch bukit aman , which has cracked down on would-be terrorists in recent months .
pictured : stock .
he was arrested by australian immigration officers last month after he reportedly violated his visa , according to the star .
the man reportedly set up base in australia to avoid the watchful eye of malaysian counter terrorism special branch bukit aman , which has cracked down on would-be terrorists in recent months .
` they were using australia as a transit point to syria .
so far , at least five malaysian fighters were believed to have used the designated route , ' a source told the star .
` the cell also offered advice to fellow fighters to evade detection and connect them with contacts in syria .
' the terror cell reportedly also contained an australian-based malaysian couple who on january 7 were also been deported and arrested by authorities on