she 's done : rosie perez reportedly will not be returning to the view at the end of her month-long hiatus to perform on broadway .
rosie perez will be leaving the view after less than a season , insiders revealed wednesday .
currently on a month-long leave to perform in broadway 's fish in the dark , the 50-year-old actress has said she will not return to the show , according to variety .
her departure comes at a reportedly tumultuous time for the view , which insiders said recently may not be back for a 19th season .
perez was added to the show last minute and joined two other incoming hosts -- rosie o'donnell and politico nicolle wallace .
the shakeup came amid plummeting ratings and after show creator barbara walters ' retirement .
while ratings stabilized , sources told variety that perez never quite got the hang of the show 's signature hard news/soft news chat format .
the source said the stage and screen actress never quite got the hang of reading a teleprompter .
what 's more , network insiders revealed to daily mail online on tuesday that the long-running talk show could end after this season , amid struggling ratings and infighting among the talk show hosts .
the show is suffering some of its lowest ratings ever with its new team of whoopi goldberg , rosie o'donnell , nicolle wallace and rosie perez .
now under the umbrella of abc news , the network is considering the possibility of ending the show and replacing it with an extended version of ` good morning america .
' ` the brass at abc feels like they 've tried to do everything possible to breathe new life into this show , ' said the insider .
they moved it from abc entertainment daytime to the abc news division , that was having so much success with good morning america .
but in spite of the changes , nothing seems to be helping the sluggish ratings for the show .
` they 're ready to abandon ship at this point , ' the source told daily mail online .
when contacted by daily mail online , a show spokesperson denied any plan by abc to end the show .
tough times : her departure comes at a reportedly tumultuous time for the view , which insiders