by .
chloe lambert .
did you have breakfast today ?
if not , you 're putting yourself in grave danger - at least , that 's according to a slew of recent reports which link skipping breakfast to obesity , diabetes and even catching flu .
in the latest study , us researchers found men who do n't have breakfast are 27 per cent more likely to suffer heart attacks or heart disease .
the team at the harvard school of public health said missing the meal put an ` extra strain ' on the body .
so is a morning meal really so crucial to health - and what 's the healthiest thing to have ?
breakfast blues : men who do n't eat the meal are 27 % more likely to suffer heart attacks or heart disease .
there is nothing magical about breakfast that makes it particularly important for health , says dr susan jebb , head of diet and population health at the medical research council .
' i suspect you 'd get the same risks - such as weight gain - with skipping lunch or dinner , but it 's a less common behaviour , so people do n't study it .
' the pro-breakfast brigade would dispute this , pointing out that metabolic rate - the rate at which we burn calories - drops during sleep , and eating breakfast ` kick-starts ' it again .
yet the evidence for this is not convincing , says naveed sattar , professor of metabolic medicine at glasgow university .
` in trials like this recent one on heart disease , you have to ask - does skipping breakfast put you at risk of heart attack , or are people who skip breakfast simply more likely to have unhealthy characteristics and be disorganised and mindless about eating ?
' blame your genes : if you struggle to eat in the hours after waking , it may have to do with your biological clock .
if you struggle to eat in the hours after waking , it could be down to your biological clock , which is determined in part by your genes .
around 10 per cent of the population inherit genes that mean their clock is set a little slower , so they struggle to wake up in the morning , and this can affect