the morning after she so memorably sashayed through westminster abbey clad in a cream silk dress that showcased her famous derrière , the world seemed to be pippa middleton 's oyster .
not only had the duchess of cambridge 's younger sister come dangerously close to upstaging her older sibling , her obvious lust for life and ever-ready smile swiftly won her admirers from across the social spectrum .
but almost four years on from the royal wedding of april 2011 , things are looking very different for 31-year-old miss middleton .
scroll down for video .
nothing to celebrate : pippa middleton has reportedly failed to agree a deal with broadcaster nbc .
panned : pippa 's party guide celebrate !
failed to wow the critics - or the book-buying public .
her party book celebrate !
, launched with much fanfare in october 2012 , bombed , with its author ridiculed for her penchant for stating the obvious and her breathless prose .
writing in the daily mail at the time , reviewer jan moir pointed to her less than original ideas -lrb- pumpkins at halloween anyone ?
-rrb- and her lack of any obvious qualifications beyond penning the blog on her parents ' party pieces website .
` from the moment she appeared in butter satin at her sister 's wedding , pippa has struck absolutely no one as the kind of girl you would always find in the kitchen at parties , ' continued moir .
` and would she really have gained a lucrative publishing contract to write about something she calls `` simple , creative entertaining '' if her sister were not married to a member of the royal family ?
' it was n't the first time that the question had been asked and it certainly would n't the last .
next came news of a column for waitrose kitchen , which launched in april 2013 although not before a storm of criticism had broken over both magazine and writer 's heads .
established chefs were appalled that a woman with no obvious cooking experience had been hired and accused waitrose of publicity seeking , while pippa was once again charged with capitalising on her royal connections .
at the time , editor william sitwell hit back , arguing that pippa ` will be an excellent contributor to the magazine , bringing with