stewards were forced to close the world 's best-known racetrack - after vandals painted this 30ft penis on the tarmac .
hundreds of brits head to the nurburgring in germany each week to test their skills on the 12.9 mile racetrack .
but those who made the 800-mile plus round trip to the track on sunday were left waiting after a juvenile yet admittedly hilarious group painted the epic phallus on the course .
admit you laughed : unidentified vandals painted an enormous penis onto the iconic nurburgring racetrack in germany .
fearing the humungous appendage could distract drivers , a specialist team was called into paint over it .
officials feared the ` artwork ' could put the high-speed motorists off their game so a specialist team spent 90 minutes treating the graffiti before re-opening the track to the public .
sam preston , from bristol , made the trip to the course on sunday when the incident happened .
he said : ` me and a friend drove down from the uk to the ` ring for a weekend of driving .
` the weather was perfect , meaning a lot of cars were queuing for a 10am opening time .
drivers waiting to use the track thought the graffiti was amusing .
the officials did not see it the same way .
sam preston from bristol said : ` about halfway around the track we found a group of track marshals and police gathered around this huge white graffiti penis ' ` at around 11am the barriers were still not opening , so we decided to see if we could find the cause of the continued closure .
` about halfway around the track we found a group of track marshals and police gathered around this huge white graffiti penis .
` the officials did n't seem to find it as humourous as the bystanders - and swiftly called for a paint removal machine to be brought to the scene .
' motorists pay # 17 to drive a lap of the track , which was recently put up for sale for around # 81million .
cover-up : a specialist team was required to paint over the erotic painting .
ooh-er : the nurburgring is one of the most famous racetracks in the world .