by .
rebecca english .
with more than 60 years of foreign diplomacy under her belt , she is the very soul of discretion .
which is likely to suit president hollande of france -- he of the distinctly colourful private life - down to the ground when he hosts a three-day state visit to france by the queen in june .
buckingham palace formally announced today that the monarch , accompanied by her husband , prince philip , will travel to normandy on june 5 to commemorate the 70th anniversary of the d-day landings .
visit : the royal couple , who will be aged 88 and 92 respectively at the time , will undertake a series of engagements to mark the british war effort on june 6 .
the royal couple , who will be aged 88 and 92 respectively at the time , will undertake a series of engagements to mark the british war effort on june 6 , before travelling on to paris where they will be formally received by president hollande at the elysee palace .
while in the french capital the sovereign and her husband will attend several state events , before returning to the uk on june 7 .
buckingham palace declined to comment today on whether they had been told president hollande would be hosting the queen accompanied by a first lady .
last month the french leader very publicly split with his partner , valerie trierweiler , 48 , after his affair with leading actress julie gayet , 41 , was exposed .
photographs of mr hollande , 59 , arriving for a rendezvous with his lover on the back of moped were published by a french magazine , resulting in miss trierweiler , herself a former mistress of the president , being admitted to hospital for ` stress and exhaustion ' .
overseas : the queen ¿ s state visit in june will be preceded by another foreign engagement in april , this time to italy , when she will fly to rome for lunch with the italian president .
after days of claim and counter-claim , the president effectively sacked his first lady with a curt 18 word public statement in which he announced that their ` shared life ' was over .
the queen 's state visit in june will be preceded by another foreign engagement in april