roberto martinez said romelu lukaku had demonstrated he ` loves playing for everton ' with his performance in the 4-1 victory at young boys in the europa league .
lukaku delivered a stand-out individual display as part of what was an impressive team effort by the toffees in the europa league last 32 first leg in switzerland , notching three of their goals to register his first toffees hat-trick .
the 21-year-old belgium striker , who everton paid a club record # 28 million for last summer to recruit him from chelsea after having him on loan for the previous season , was quoted last week following a 1-0 loss to his former employers as saying he would like to ` eventually arrive at a top club again .
' everton forward romelu lukaku put in a dazzling performance against young boys in the europa league .
everton boss roberto martinez says that lukaku 's performance demonstrates his commitment to the club .
lukaku was quoted saying he wanted to play for a ` top club ' again , implying everton were not one .
but martinez played down that matter after the young boys match , saying : ` there has been a lot written about that - there was a conversation taken a little bit out of context after the chelsea game .
` it was clearly someone looking for a headline about if rom wanted to perform in order to come back to chelsea , and his answer probably did n't reflect what he meant .
` it 's never an issue .
rom was delighted to commit himself to everton .
` he loves playing for everton , and i think he showed that today .
' a footballer needs to be measured by the way he talks on the pitch .
sometimes a microphone can be put in front of you and people then dissect everything you say and highlight a word or line which is not appropriate .
` it 's not an issue .
he 's a special footballer who we love seeing developing , and he 's just enjoying being an important player for everton .
' martinez added of lukaku , who now has 13 goals this season : ` he 's the complete striker , but he 's only 21 and people forget about that .
` our desire and