gary ellis used five-year-old daughter he hardly sees to claim right to a family life .
he has been in prison three times for drug dealing and robbery .
it follows lord chief justice 's assertion that human rights act should not always be a trump card .
alienated : selese whiley -lrb- left -rrb- claims gary ellis rarely sees their daughter despite using his ` right to family life ' to help him remain in the uk .
a violent jamaican drug dealer has twice used the humans rights act to avoid being deported from britain , it emerged today .
gary ellis , from tottenham in north london , was allowed to stay because of his ` right to family life ' , despite the fact he rarely sees his five-year-old daughter or the child 's mother .
it is the latest in a string of cases in which criminals have used humans rights laws to escape punishment for their misdemeanors .
last week , the lord chief justice cast doubt on the european court of human rights , saying that when it conflicts with uk law , ` maybe strasbourg should n't win ' .
ellis , 23 , split up with selese whiley in 2007 and has been in and out of prison ever since , maintaining almost no contact with their daughter kyra .
miss whiley , 23 , told the sunday telegraph she had refused to give evidence to support him in court this summer .
but the home office 's appeal , which followed their second attempt to deport ellis , was rejected by judge davin gill .
miss whiley said : ` he called me to ask me to go to court .
and say that he was a good father and we were still together .
but i told .
him i was n't willing to lie for him .
` he 's always been in and out of jail .
i do n't understand how the government have let him stay .
' the nonsensical human rights act just .
days ago led to 88-year-old lydia werrett being threatened with .
deportation to her native zimbabwe , where she had received death .
threats .
staying : double rapist rohan winfield -lrb- left -rrb- and killer raja mohammed anwar khan avoided deportation by claiming it would be in breach of