reindeer carpaccio is to feature among the luxury delicacies being offered by budget supermarket lidl this christmas .
packs of the thinly sliced raw meat will feature in the ` deluxe ' range that the thriving german chain hopes will draw in shoppers who would normally go to the other major retailers .
although the meat is mainly considered a scandinavian delicacy , lidl has had some success selling reindeer steaks in britain , and believes consumers are now ready to eat the meat in its raw form .
budget supermarket lidl are to offer reindeer carpaccio as part of their luxury ` deluxe ' range this christmas .
carpaccio is an italian delicacy which traditionally consists of raw meat or fish that has been sliced very thinly .
lidl 's reindeer version is smoked and costs # 4.99 a pack .
lidl has already had some success in selling reindeer meat in its stores .
it is one of 59 products being added to the budget chain 's upmarket range , taking the total number of luxury goods to 224 .
the list also includes whole serrano hams at # 39.99 , gingerbread houses at # 4.49 , a whole lobster for # 5.99 , scallops at # 3.99 , champagne at # 11.99 and rioja riserva at # 5.99 .
lidl has faced criticism for selling reindeer meat in the past .
animal welfare campaigning group viva claims that the wild predators of reindeer , such as wolves and bears , are shot to protect meat supplies for retailers .
lidl insists that its reindeer meat is sourced only from producers who abide by eu animal welfare standards .
ronny gottschlich , lidl uk 's managing director , said : ` we 've sourced some of the finest foods from across europe to complement our fresh , local produce , so everyone can make the most of this special time of year , regardless of budget .
' the company 's most recent tv advertising has featured a street market apparently offering artisan foods to shoppers who are surprised to be told the products actually come from lidl .
the christmas commercial follows this theme and features people being treated to a festive feast on reindeer carpaccio , lobster , turkey and stollen in a hertfordshire mansion .
it captures their stunned reaction to learn it all came