by .
harriet arkell .
wearing a battered denim jacket and with her long hair unbrushed , cressida bonas cut a glum figure as she walked through london 's west end this morning .
pictured for the first time since news of her split from prince harry , her boyfriend of two years , was confirmed , the 25-year-old kept her head down as she bought a takeaway fruit drink .
the dancer , who is currently working for a marketing company in soho after graduating from dance school , is now said to want to concentrate on her career .
scroll down for video .
cressida bonas looked glum as she walked in london the day after her split from prince harry was confirmed .
miss bonas had rings under her eyes and appeared tired as she walked through central london this morning .
single again : the dancer kept her hands in her pockets as she went to a west end cafe to buy a fruit smoothie .
the end of her relationship with the prince , who will be 30 in september , came after rumours that it has become strained in recent weeks .
us magazine people claimed that miss bonas had become ` too needy ' for the royal , but friends of the couple denied that , saying it was ` very much an amicable ' split and that the couple had parted as friends .
a friend of theirs told the mail : ` cressida has decided she wants to focus on her career and harry is really keen that she is allowed to get on with her life .
` he is furious at this suggestion that the split was in any way because she was relying too much on him .
cressida is one of the most independent people he knows .
' miss bonas graduated from the trinity laban conservatoire of music and dance in greenwich , and is now said to be working out which career path to follow .
wearing a black dress , black tights despite the heat , and a hoodie under her denim jacket , she looked lost in her thoughts this morning .
friends said it was ` very much an amicable split ' , with both miss bonas and prince harry keen to stay friends .
the famously relaxed dance school graduate wore