benson henderson used his championship experience to dispatch brandon thatch by rear naked choke in the fourth round of their main event clash in colorado on saturday evening .
the former lightweight champion was making his debut as a welterweight and was made to work hard by thatch before finishing strongly .
` sometimes you got ta go out there give it your all and test yourself , ' henderson said .
benson henderson attempts to submit brandon thatch with a rear naked choke in their welterweight fight .
thatch lands a kick to the chest of henderson during the ufc fight night event in broomfield , colorado .
henderson and thatch touch gloves before their welterweight fight .
' i did n't know if i could win this fight .
a lot of times you 've got to do things that you do n't know .
our biggest fear is not that we are inadequate , our biggest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure .
' i knew he was going to come out like a monster in the first round ; he did .
i did n't want to run away , but that 's a big dude .
i did n't want to stand with him .
i figured i 'd be more elusive and then in the second , third , fourth , fifth round i 'd pick it up on him .
' thatch landed some dangerous shots throughout the first three rounds of the fight , but it was clear that henderson was the more energetic of the two going into the fourth session , having disrupted thatch 's breathing by applying a body triangle in the third .
when henderson changed levels midway through the fourth to land a well-timed takedown and establish control of thatch 's back for the second time in the contest , the writing was on the wall .
as soon as the hometown hero opened up his neck , henderson immediately applied his choking arm .
although thatch initially did well to defend the choke , the former lightweight king adapted well to finish the bout and return to his winning ways after a disappointing recent spell in the ufc .
thatch lands a kick to the body of henderson in an attempt to defeat the former lightweight champion .
henderson lands a punch to the