by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
published : .
08:23 est , 13 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:44 est , 13 may 2013 .
free healthcare could become a thing of the past if scotland becomes an independent nation , gordon brown warned today .
the former prime minister said the whole of the uk benefits from ` pooling resources ' , and the loss of scotland could undermine the nhs , pensions and the benefits .
launching a labour campaign against independence , he said he was returning to the political front line after three years ` with time on my hands ' .
former labour prime minister gordon brown warned public services like the nhs and pensions across the uk depend on ` pooling resources ' the former labour leader was launching a new campaign - united with labour - which is the party 's own drive to keep the union together .
voters in scotland will have their say on independence in a referendum on september 18 next year .
mr brown said he wanted to make the case for the ` pooling and sharing ' of public money across the uk .
in a rare political speech since being forced from number 10 three years ago last saturday , mr brown launched united with labour -- the party 's own drive to keep scotland in the uk .
sources were at pains to play down the idea that the it is a rival to the cross-party better together campaign , fronted by mr brown 's former chancellor alistair darling .
the pair have barely spoken since leaving office , with mr darling accusing mr brown 's allies of unleashing the ` forces of hell ' against him after comments about the scale of the economic downturn under labour .
today mr brown said he wanted to put ` the positive , principled , forward-looking case for a strong scottish parliament inside a strong united kingdom ' .
he began his speech by saying that in the ` last few years i have had time on my hands , time to reflect , courtesy of the british people ' .
last saturday , may 11 , marked the third anniversary since mr brown was forced out of power when the tory-lib dem coalition was formed .
he said he now