by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
10:52 est , 6 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:35 est , 6 august 2013 .
the widow of a man who was murdered outside a preschool by her mentally-ill lover appeared in court yesterday , accused of lying under oath about their affair .
andrea sneiderman , from atlanta , was initially accused of arranging her husband rusty sneiderman 's killing but murder charges were later dropped .
her lover hemy neuman was convicted after telling police an angel who looked like olivia newton john told him to do it .
yesterday , sneiderman 's defense attorneys painted her out as a happily married mother devastated by her husband 's death , not the woman prosecutors described as engaged in a ` forbidden romance ' with her boss .
the contrasting portraits of sneiderman emerged during opening statements in her trial on charges of lying under oath and hindering the investigation into her husband 's death .
tears : andrea sneiderman becomes emotional as she listens to defense attorney tom clegg 's opening arguments at her trial on monday , august 5 , 2013 .
defense atorney tom clegg : sneiderman is accused of lying under oath and hindering the investigation into her husband 's death .
torn apart : russell sneiderman was murdered after dropping his children off at daycare .
dekalb county prosecutor kellie hill told the jury : ` the evidence will show a forbidden .
romance that ends in murder , silence despite her suspicion , and lies to .
conceal the truth from her family , from her friends , from the police and .
from a jury .
' sneiderman 's husband , 36-year-old rusty sneiderman , was fatally shot in november 2010 outside a suburban atlanta preschool while he was dropping his son off .
neuman was convicted of the killing in march 2012 , but he was found to be mentally ill .
he told mental health examiners .
he was visited by a demon whose voice sounded like barry white and an .
angel who looked like olivia newton-john .
the angel ordered him to .
fatally shoot sneiderman , neuman said in one interview .
37-year-old sneiderman has pleaded not guilty and has repeatedly denied any romantic relationship with neuman .
dekalb county prosecutor kellie hill told