frightened : diana doyle was plagued with cold calls .
a firm linked to the sale of nhs patient data is offering details of eating disorder sufferers for just 12p a head , the mail can reveal today .
it has also offered to supply names of those suffering from stress , hair loss , dandruff , impotence and snoring .
even details of dieters and those who have had plastic surgery appear on the list of data for sale .
the mail has this week exposed companies that have secretly sold private financial and medical information without proper checks .
our investigation has revealed that : .
the revelations have prompted probes by the information commissioner 's office and the direct marketing commission .
a third investigation has been launched by the general pharmaceutical council into pharmacy2u , the uk 's biggest online pharmacy .
the mail revealed that pharmacy2u had passed information on nhs patients to alchemy direct media .
the eating disorder data -- passed to the mail by a whistleblower -- is being touted by a firm called sequester , which is a business partner of alchemy .
sequester is offering to sell information on people suffering from 43 different health conditions -- from skin problems to insomnia and migraines .
it claims to be able to identify those who have had plastic surgery , who smoke , wear glasses or contact lenses or have sensitive teeth .
it also appears to offer details of which credit cards people have and which banks they use , as well as whether they have wills or health insurance .
such data is a goldmine for unscrupulous firms and criminals -- who can use it to target vulnerable individuals and scam them over the phone .
the whistleblower , who works in the data industry , said it was ` madness ' that so much personal information was available to him and he had passed it to the mail because he was worried about who else might have access to it .
he said : ` i am not registered with the regulators , i 'm just a man who has worked in the industry at some point -- and all this information is available to me .
it 's absolute madness .
' the list of categories of data was contained in an email -- seen by the