by .
amanda williams .
tennis star serena williams has posted a photograph of herself curled up under a blanket after being forced to drop out of wimbledon with a ` virus illness ' .
the tournament was host to dramatic scenes yesterday as the 32-year-old broke down on court and was forced to withdraw in the middle of her doubles match alongside sister venus .
after emergency court-side medical checks delayed the match by more than 10 minutes , miss williams was given the go-ahead to play , but was forced to stop a short time later after serving four consecutive double faults .
thankfully the women 's world number one appears to taking things much easier today , posting a photograph on both twitter and instagram showing her sleeping on a sofa under a pink blanket .
scroll down for video .
recovery : the women 's world number one appears to taking things easy today , posting a photograph on both twitter and instagram showing her sleeping on a sofa under a pink blanket .
court officials talk to serena williams of the u.s as she and venus williams retire after 3 games from their women 's doubles match against kristina barrois of germany and stefanie voegele of switzerland .
in scenes that were uncomfortable to watch on court one , serena was plainly not herself and her vision looked to be the root of the trouble as she wiped at her eyes .
serena wipes her face as she sits talking to the doctor on court after being taken ill .
according to the guardian , miss williams ' coach and boyfriend partrick mouratoglou said he had not spoken to the 17 times grand slam champion ` for a couple of days ' .
however as she left the grounds of the all england club last night he was said to be by her side .
during the match the younger williams sister looked dazed , and playing as if she had never before picked up a racket .
her .
following serves were all double-faulted -- variously sent into the net .
and long -- and at 0-40 to opponents kristina barrois and stefanie .
voegele umpire kader nouni came down off his chair to check on the .
32-year-old 's fitness .
during the delay , one of the williams ' other sisters ,