tyra banks is known for two things : being one of the world 's most famous supermodels and inventing ` smizing ' - or the act of smiling with your eyes .
but one photographer is hoping to give tyra a run for her money with what he claims is ` the most incredible tip for looking photogenic ' - the squinch .
portraitist peter hurley claims the squinch is .
the act of squinting your eyes in such a way as to ooze confidence .
and self-assuredness .
does it really work ?
portraitist peter hurley thinks that ` squinching ' -lrb- r -rrb- makes you look more photogenic .
he believes that this will make you look far more attractive than staring wide-eyed into the camera , which portrays fear and uncertainty .
so how can you squinch without looking constipated ?
firstly , hurley emphasises that squinching is n't the same as squinting and while the difference may be minor , it is vital .
when you squint , your top and bottom eyelids close , which , hurley believes makes you look far from confident .
before and after : he believes his trick -lrb- r -rrb- will make you look far more attractive than staring wide-eyed into the camera -lrb- l -rrb- , which , he says , portrays fear and uncertainty .
more photogenic after ?
the trick is to lift and tighten the lower eyelid and only allow the top eyelid to come down slightly -lrb- r -rrb- .
when you ` squinch , ' however , you 're lifting and tightening the lower eyelid and only allowing the top eyelid to come down slightly .
speaking in his video , he says : ` if you 're a photographer out there , make your people squinch .
and if you 're a human being who just wants to look hot , this is going to do it for you .
` want to know why ?
because confidence comes from the eyes .
' the brains behind the squinch : portraitist peter hurley -lrb- pictured -rrb- invented the squinch .
get it trending : speaking in his video , he says : ` if you 're a photographer out there , make your people squinch .
and if you 're a human being who just wants to look hot , this is