manny pacquiao is confident his long-awaited mega-fight with floyd mayweather jnr will be announced by the end of the month .
the fight , which would be worth at least $ 300million -lrb- # 197million -rrb- , is expected to be held at the mgm grand in las vegas with a preferred date of may 2 .
pacquiao has consistently called out mayweather since his lop-sided win over chris algieri last november .
manny pacquiao believes his long-awaited fight with floyd mayweather jnr will be announced before february .
and he told the manilla standard : ` we will make an announcement before the end if the month .
i think it will happen .
' mayweather wants to fight on may 2 , the saturday closest to the cinco de mayo holiday , as has been his tradition in recent years .
but that date has also been earmarked for miguel cotto 's proposed clash with saul ` canelo ' alvarez which would be one of the biggest fights in the history of the puerto rico-mexico rivalry .
mayweather said last month : ` the public want this fight .
i want it .
the only stumbling block has been bob arum -lrb- pacquiao 's promoter -rrb- but i think both fighters want it .
so it 's time to get it on .
i 'm not ducking anyone , so let 's get this on .
mayweather jnr has blamed the long delay for the fight on pacquiao 's promoter bob arum -lrb- above -rrb- .
` years ago we had problems with random blood and urine testing .
i just want to have an even playing field .
` now he 's in a very , very tight situation with his loss to -lrb- juan manuel -rrb- marquez and his loss to -lrb- timothy -rrb- bradley .
his pay-per-view numbers are extremely low , so he 's desperate .
i wanted that fight a long time ago .
' reports in america over the weekend suggested the venue had been agreed , as well as a drug testing programme .
the final stumbling block appears to be the purse split with mayweather refusing to agree to a 50/50 division .
mayweather jnr is keen to fight on may 2 as it is the saturday closest to the cinco de mayo holiday .
but pacquiao has long been