by .
meghan keneally .
published : .
18:51 est , 15 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:26 est , 16 january 2013 .
a jury heard today that jodi arias called her ex-boyfriend 's cell phone four times after she stabbed him to death in his shower .
prosecutors say the latest evidence in the ongoing trial about the murder of travis alexander shows that arias was trying to cover up her tracks by listening to - and potentially deleting messages on his phone - after she killed him , which arias admits to committing but says that she stabbed him 27 times in self defense .
an expert from phone company verizon took the stand in phoenix , arizona , saying that arias placed a call at 11.37 pm - just six hours after alexander was killed .
scroll down for video .
watching her lies : the court saw videos of jodi arias ' various police interrogations -lrb- right -rrb- in the months following travis alexander 's june 2008 murder .
breaking it down : the tapes show that she used several different stories throughout the interrogations , ranging to say that she was not at his apartment , or later that she was there but they were attacked by a masked couple .
the she made her last call on june 15 - a week after she killed alexander .
prosecutors argue that she left the voicemail messages in an effort to cover her tracks .
the phone expert said that one call shows that arias dialed into alexander 's voicemail system after his death and stayed on the line for 16 minutes .
because she did not leave any message , prosecutors argue that she was listening to and potentially deleting messages from the dead man 's cell phone .
on the opposite end , the defense attorneys suggested that she did n't actually delete messages but she was simply recording and deleting her own message that she was going to leave for her dead ex before finally giving up and not leaving one in the end .
` on verizon , is it possible to change your voice mail , to erase it and do it over again ?
could someone have been doing that for a 16 minute phone call ?
' defense attorney kirk nurmi said .
` yes