by .
sophie jane evans .
this silver pocket watch saved the life of a world war one soldier fighting for britain on the somme - by stopping a german bullet from piercing his chest .
the two-inch timepiece was unearthed by the family of corporal walter davis , who served on the western front in france when he was just 22 years old .
the soldier joined the 9th battalion north staffordshire regiment in 1915 - and was sent straight to the front line , where he battled german forces during the battle of the somme .
scroll down for video .
relatives : the story of cpl davis 's close encounter was passed down his family for generations , but the watch was only recently unearthed by his granddaughter linda ward .
above , ms ward with her daughter louise , 23 .
miracle : this silver pocket watch saved the life of a world war one soldier fighting for britain on the somme .
saved : the timepiece stopped this german bullet -lrb- right -rrb- from piercing the chest of corporal walter davis -lrb- left -rrb- .
during the fierce conflict , cpl davis and his platoon came under heavy fire from the trenches - and a bullet was shot directly at his chest .
but thanks to the solid silver watch , the soldier incredibly survived .
despite the story of his miracle escape being passed down his family for generations , the damaged watch was only recently uncovered by his granddaughter linda ward - 50 years later .
soldier : cpl davis , pictured at an older age , joined the 9th battalion north staffordshire regiment in 1915 .
ms ward , 59 , from telford , shropshire , discovered the timepiece in her late father 's dusty attic , along with the metal bullet and cpl davis 's diary documenting his time at war .
' i was told about it by my dad when i was 15 and he showed me the watch and his diary that he kept , ' she said .
` my grandad died when i was 12 so i remember him but he never talked about the war .
my dad died in 2006 and he had the watch and diary but you know how it is when someone dies , it takes a while to go through