by .
vanessa allen .
published : .
15:47 est , 1 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:54 est , 1 august 2013 .
care : andrew marr required full-time care in the months after his stroke .
his wife of 26 years said he was reduced to a ` half-paralysed invalid ' when broadcaster andrew marr suffered a massive stroke which left him a ` half-paralysed invalid ' , his life changed overnight .
yesterday his wife revealed for the first time the huge impact his sudden illness had on her - and made a heartfelt plea for greater support for britain 's carers .
jackie ashley , 58 , gave up work for six months to become a full-time carer for her husband while he recovered from the stroke which almost killed him .
she told how ` exhausting , monotonous and frustrating ' she found aspects of caring for him during his recuperation , but said it had also given her a better perspective on life .
the mother-of-three said : ` i am no florence nightingale and there 's no damn halo visible when i look in the mirror : this is just what any decent relative would do for someone who is physically disabled .
` one stroke victim wrote to tell me he thought that carers for stroke sufferers all experience some kind of post-traumatic stress disorder .
` i would n't go that far , but it can be tough , and carers everywhere need support and breaks .
' mr marr , 53 , suffered a serious stroke in january this year which damaged his left arm and leg , leaving him needing intensive physiotherapy .
doctors warned his wife he might not survive the bleeding in his brain and that if he lived he could be left unable to move , see , speak or hear .
following months of rehabilitation , he is now preparing to return to broadcasting full-time next month .
while his voice and memory are intact , he said his walking was still ` a bit wobbly ' .
miss ashley , his wife of 26 years , has also returned to her work as a columnist for the guardian newspaper , and described the dramatic impact the stroke had on the couple 's lives .
he said : ` he went from