pakistani community leaders in rotherham were complicit in hushing up the shocking ` ethnic ' dimensions of the sexual exploitation rather than speaking out , it was claimed yesterday .
parveen qureshi , director of the united multicultural centre in rotherham , revealed the shocking issue was widely discussed between leaders who were privately ` trying to resolve the problem ' .
she refused to name those who kept quiet , but was certain the problem of asian men abusing white girls was known ` for a long time ' .
scroll down for video .
scandal : a pakistani community worker claims muslim leaders were aware of the abuse scandal in rotherham .
` whispering was going on in the community , ' she said .
speaking .
to bbc radio sheffield , she said : ` it was discussed , a discussion was .
going on in the community with community leaders and organisations and .
other agencies who were aware of what was happening and were trying to .
resolve the problem .
' no .
councillors or religious leaders from the pakistani muslim community .
have spoken in the media since the report 's publication on tuesday .
mrs qureshi works daily at the centre for the significant pakistani community in the south yorkshire town .
commenting .
on local knowledge about horrific cases of young girls being exploited .
by sexual predators , she said : ` it was not started overnight it was .
going on for a long time .
` it was always discussed in the community .
' ms .
qureshi later appeared to backtrack on her statement , claiming she .
intended to say the report revealed senior council workers evidently .
knew about the scandal .
parveen qureshi , head of the united multicultural centre , said the scandal was widely discussed within the asian community .
some .
3 per cent of the town 's population is of pakistani or kashmiri .
ethnicity and mrs qureshi said it was vital to ` raise awareness ' with .
families .
the abuse of at least 1,400 girls at the hands of pakistani gangs in the south yorkshire town for 16 years was shrouded in secrecy .
yesterday .
lord ahmed , who has lived in rotherham for most of his life , said it .
was now up to