prior to the storming run that has taken caroline wozniacki to the semi-finals of the us open she spoke of not wanting to be constantly associated with her former fiancé rory mcilroy .
' i do n't want to have my name stuck with him forever , ' she told the new york times .
` i 'm my own person , i have my own career .
' as ever actions speak louder than words , and nothing could have shouted out that sentiment more than the form she has shown at flushing meadows , where she now meets the unseeded chinese peng shuai .
she has given herself a great chance to make a second grand slam final .
andy murray will try to join her in the last four as he took on novak djokovic for the first time since the wimbledon final last year .
video scroll down to watch best friends caroline wozniacki and serena williams .
back in the swing of things : caroline wozniacki has reached the semi-finals of the us open .
great dane : the former world no 1 is hoping to repeat her feat of reaching the final in 2009 -lrb- r -rrb- .
wozniacki demolished thirteenth seed sara errani 6-0 6-1 in the last eight , continuing the dynamic form that has developed since the abrupt ending of her relationship , which saw her dumped in a brief phone call .
the dane has now tired of fielding questions about that issue , declaring it irrelevant to what has been going on for the past eleven days .
you can allow her a bit of disingenuousness on the matter , but the facts say otherwise .
since the french open , where the hurt was at its rawest , she has collected a 24-5 match record , with two of those defeats coming against her close friend serena williams .
the last time she was in the last four of a major was not long after she and mcilroy began dating .
the demands of keeping a romance going with two global schedules cost her a top ten place and saw her fail to get past the quarter finals of any grand slam after that .
love game over : wozniacki split from her fiance rory mcilroy -lrb- l -rrb- in october 2013 .
moving on : the 24-year-old