by .
larisa brown .
published : .
07:03 est , 19 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
10:43 est , 19 september 2012 .
a businessman underwent a five-hour operation to rebuild his skull after he was glassed by a thug at a pub .
simon morris , 31 , suffered such appalling injuries that surgeons had to peel back part of his face to insert four titanium plates .
mr morris , from hagley , worcestershire , had to have more than 60 stapes to his face and is now permanently scarred following the vicious attack in a pub in birmingham .
simon morris , pictured in hospital , had to have a five-hour operation to rebuild his skull after he was glassed .
the victoria pub in birmingham where a thug chucked a pint glass which hit mr morris on his face .
captured : police want to hear from anybody who knows who this man is captured on cctv outside the pub .
separate micro-stitches had to be used on his shattered eye socket .
police are hunting the thug who threw the glass in the victoria pub on john bright .
street , birmingham , at 11.30 pm on august 3 and have released cctv footage .
the advertising and marketing firm boss said : ' i just went out for a drink - and have been through all of this .
` the physical injuries have been bad enough , but there 's also been the psychological damage and pressure that it has put on relationships .
' i have found it very difficult to accept the changes to my face .
' mr morris was drinking with work colleagues at the victoria when he was hit by the glass , which had been thrown across the room .
the married businessman , who runs bareface media in the custard factory , initially thought he had been punched .
he had , in fact , been hit with a full pint glass , thrown by a drinker who was fighting with others in a row over two women .
mr morris was in the pub with workmates and foreigners on work experience placements .
he said : ` we offer placements for young people and had some over from germany .
we wanted to show them what birmingham was like - unfortunately