by .
leon watson .
a carer has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a 73-year-old man was found dead at a nursing home for dementia sufferers .
the woman , 63 , was detained by detectives investigating the patient 's death at the ascot nursing home in berkshire after police were called on thursday .
the suspect , from nearby bracknell , was then taken in for questioning on suspicion of murder but released on conditional police bail later on friday .
the ascot nursing home in ascot , berkshire , where a 63-year-old carer has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a 73-year-old man who was a patient there .
sources said that it was believed she worked at the leafy ascot nursing home which caters for up to 75 patients suffering from dementia and alzheimer 's disease .
care for individuals costs up to # 1,300 a week .
the care home , set in its own well-tended grounds and very close to ascot racecourse , is privately run and has mostly single ground floor rooms which patients are encouraged to decorate with their own ornaments and belongings .
although secure with alarms on all outer doors , there are numerous secluded areas in the grounds where patients can sit and read or enjoy the sunshine .
the police spokesman said although the man died on saturday , march 22 , police were not called to the nursing home until last thursday .
a post mortem examination was due to be carried out at a hospital mortuary tomorrow afternoon .
a thames valley police spokesman said : ` officers have attended the nursing home since thursday as part of the investigation .
the care home , set in its own well-tended grounds and very close to ascot racecourse , is privately run .
` the deceased man is not expected to be identified until monday evening .
we will not discuss the employment of the woman arrested or give any other details at present .
` all i can say is that a 63-year-old woman from bracknell was arrested on suspicion of murder at the nursing home and that she has been released on bail pending further inquiries .
' the care quality commission , which oversees private nursing homes , confirmed on its website that it was investigating the ascot nursing home .
it said