the average price of a house in central london is now more than # 1.6 million , as the capital 's property boom shows no sign of slowing .
house prices in fashionable kensington & chelsea and westminster - dubbed ` prime london ' by estate agents - soared by 11.29 per cent over the last 12 months , with the number of sales up 20 per cent to the highest number since 2007 , just before the financial crash .
across london as a whole , the average home is now worth more than half a million pounds , according to land registry figures released today .
the average price in greater london hit # 533,489 between april and june -- up 12 per cent on the same time last year .
scroll down for video .
house prices in london continue to pull away from the rest of the country , with properties in the capital now costing more than half a million pounds on average - double the price of homes across england and wales .
the cost of a home in london is now double that in the rest of the country , the latest figures show .
in england and wales the average house price reached # 256,883 by june -- up 5.9 per cent over the same time last year .
london 's booming house prices - while making it harder for first time buyers to get on the property ladder - also risk accelerating the wealth divide between those living in the capital and those outside .
anyone lucky enough to have bought a property in ` prime london ' a year ago will have seen # 166,216 added to the value of their property on average , according to the land registry figures .
homes in central london cost an average of # 1.47 million last year - but have risen to # 1.64 million this year .
in contrast , families across the capital as a whole saw their homes jump # 57,160 in value over the past year - from # 476,000 to # 533,000 .
in the rest of the country meanwhile , the average house price increase was just # 14,312 .
while the cost of buying a house is falling behind the capital , the number of sales has boomed across the country .
transactions across the