by .
james tozer .
published : .
20:52 est , 1 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
20:53 est , 1 march 2013 .
suspended : doctor mohammed al-byati has been suspended by the medical practitioners tribunal service in manchester .
an iraqi doctor who spent seven years in the nhs after working at the heart of saddam hussein 's brutal regime was banned from practising yesterday for being complicit in torture .
mohammed al-byati , 47 , was branded an ` accessory to torture ' who knew that injured detainees he treated at iraq 's notorious intelligence hq had been subjected to violent interrogation .
the medical practitioners tribunal service in manchester ruled the father-of-three must have known they would be tortured again after he had treated them .
it imposed the maximum 12-month suspension on his medical registration , but did not strike him off , accepting his claim he had only been following orders during his mandatory military service as a junior doctor and had n't taken part in torture .
dr al-byati , who lives in birmingham , left iraq in 1995 , coming to britain five years later and working in nhs hospitals from 2004 , specialising in rheumatology .
but in 2007 his work permit expired and , fearing being sent back to his homeland at the height of sectarian violence , he applied for asylum on the grounds he had worked for saddam 's hated regime .
professor michael whitehouse , chairman of the fitness to practise panel , said the ban was needed ` to demonstrate clearly to him , the profession and the public that even though his involvement as an accessory to torture was outside his control , such conduct is unacceptable ' .
but professor whitehouse added : ` he was a junior doctor whose behaviour was being controlled by a dictatorial , totalitarian regime which used systematic , widespread and extremely grave violations of human rights to control the population .
dissent from orders was not tolerated .
' the panel said no complaints had been lodged about his conduct since arriving in britain .
dr al-byati is understood to have been granted asylum with his family , including a son aged nine who was born in britain .
mr al-byati applied for asylum when his work permit ran out and told officials he treated