by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
12:28 est , 19 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
04:11 est , 20 november 2012 .
costly mistake : donald junior green leaving oldham magistrates ' court today where he admitted possession of class a drugs .
a drug user who mistakenly handed bags of cocaine instead of sweets to a police officer 's children out trick-or-treating was spared jail today .
apprentice panel beater donald junior green fished in his pockets for a bag of haribo sweets to give to the youngsters but instead pulled out a plastic pack containing eight snap bags of cocaine he had bought for # 200 earlier that day , oldham magistrates ' court heard .
he dropped the drugs into the goody bags carried by the three children , aged eight , six and five , who were out playing trick or treat , escorted by their father , an off-duty policeman .
the 23-year-old defendant then closed the door , went back inside the house and put his hand in his pockets to get out his drugs - but instead pulled out the haribo sweets .
green immediately realised what had happened and went on foot , then by car , scouring the streets of oldham to find the youngsters .
but the officer , pc simon fowell , had taken his children home and , as they emptied their goody bags to share the spoils , he spotted the drugs - and made a swift call to his on-duty colleagues .
green , who had never been in trouble with police before , has a job and attends college , wiped his eyes with his hands as he stood in the dock and admitted a single charge of possessing a class a drug on october 31 .
green , of sycamore avenue , oldham , was given a 12 month community order , ordered to do 130 hours community work and told he must pay court costs totalling # 145 by chair of the bench joyce cooper .
earlier sean brady , prosecuting , told the court green was at his girlfriend 's house in mendip close , royton , on halloween night when the incident happened .
the defendant had earlier that day bought # 200 worth of cocaine , divided it up into snap bags and put