by .
mailonline reporter .
ian burlakoff stretched out on the ground as officer robert cohen pointed a rifle at him , telling the murder suspect not to move .
the florida father of two had just killed his 37-year-old wife gemma execution style with two shots of his 9mm semi-automatic pistol -- the same gun he now had in his waistband as the boca raton police officer tried to gain control of the situation .
still lying flat on his stomach , burlakoff looked up at officer cohen and shot him a chilling question : ` where 's your backup ?
' then , as a stunned crowd looked on , he began reaching for his pistol and uttered his final words : ` just kill me .
' officer cohen fired eight times -- striking burlakoff four times in the chest , back and arm .
ian , 42 , was killed instantly .
the october 2013 shooting marked the tragic end of the troubled eight-year marriage of the burlakoffs , the doting parents of four young girls and a popular couple in the luxury resort the oaks , where they owned a $ 2 million home .
detectives this week revealed to the south florida sun-sentinel details of the couple 's final day , which began with a family day at a beach club -- but ended in gemma 's killing and ian 's suicide by police .
florida couple ian and gemma burlakoff appeared to have it all , but they were engulfed in domestic crisis - from a contentious divorce to their $ 2 million being in the brink of repossession - that ended in a murder and suicide by cop on oct. 20 , 2013 .
the couple had spent that sunday in 2013 with three of their daughters and another family at the boca beach club , the sun-sentinel reported .
halfway through the day , the couple got into a heated argument .
it was perhaps their worst fight since gemma filed for divorce three months earlier .
each side fired off accusations of cheating and overspending .
gemma said in court that ian was n't taking medication for his bipolar disorder .
that sunday , an upset ian picked up two of his daughters , 5 and 7 , and walked with them down ocean boulevard .
onlookers told authorities the