by .
louise boyle .
published : .
09:46 est , 17 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:46 est , 17 january 2013 .
a mother has been arrested after her two sons died when she left them alone in an suv with the engine running , authorities said .
heather jensen , 24 , was taken into custody on wednesday after tyler , 4 , and two-year-old william died accidentally from hyperthermia last year .
she has been charged with two counts of child abuse resulting in .
death , two counts of criminally negligent homicide and one count of .
false reporting to authorities .
scroll down for video .
criminal charges : heather jensen , 24 , was arrested after her two young sons died when she left them in her suv with the engine running in colorado last year .
tragedy : two-year-old william -lrb- left -rrb- died on november 27 in colorado while his four-year-old brother tyler -lrb- right -rrb- died a week later in hospital .
the two had been left by their mother in an suv with the engine running for 90 minutes .
jensen was arrested in fort myers , florida where she had been staying with family .
bond has been set at $ 150,000 .
jensen has been charged after .
she left her sons on november 27 in the parked vehicle for 90 minutes .
while she met up with a male friend in a car sitting next to her own .
mrs jensen called 911 that night to say .
two-year-old william was not breathing and had no pulse from the car .
park close to powderhorn mountain ski resort in grand junction , .
colorado .
she also told dispatchers at around 7pm that four-year-old tyler was barely breathing .
william died at the scene while tyler was airlifted to aurora 's children 's hospital but passed away a week later .
both children died from hyperthermia , according to the autopsy by mesa county coroner .
hyperthermia is a condition which causes extreme overheating in the body .
widowed : heather jensen , 24 , lost her 26-year-old husband eric in a car accident last year .
devastating loss : the young mother lost both her sons in the tragic accident last year .
deadly : heather jensen dialed 911 on november 27