by .
rob cooper .
updated : .
10:01 est , 27 january 2012 .
withdrawn : chris langham was due to appear at a question and answer session at tonbridge school .
disgraced actor chris langham has cancelled an appearance at a top public school after parent fury about his child porn conviction .
the sex offender , 62 , was expected to host a question and answer session after his new comedy black pond was screened .
but after a concerned parent contacted the school the actor pulled out of the event at the # 31,000-per-year tonbridge school in kent .
the evening - listed in promotional material sent out last week - was being organised by the parents ' arts society at the school 's theatre .
married father-of-five langham was jailed for three months in 2007 for downloading images of child abuse .
he downloaded the graphic footage on four separate occasions .
some of the videos were rated at level five - depicting the very worst child abuse .
the footage was so repulsive that during his trial a juror was physically ill after viewing it .
the bafta-winning star of bbc sitcom the thick of it claimed he downloaded 15 images of child abuse as he ` researched ' one of his roles .
he was originally jailed for ten months but on appeal his legal team successfully argued that his sentence had been ` very tough ' and he was released after .
serving three months in elmley prison in kent .
the actor lives with his wife christine cartwright in cranbrook , kent , close to the respected school .
he is on the sex offenders ' register for at least another two years .
after being released from hail , he said : ` my life has been ruined but my conscience is clear .
' before his conviction langham , who also starred in kiss me kate and was a founding .
member of the not the nine o'clock news team , was lauded as one of the leading comic actor/writers of his era .
a spokeswoman for the school said that the shamed actor had withdrawn and the event on march 16 which will instead feature the film 's two directors will sharpe and tom kingsley instead .
she said : ` chris langham has let us know that