by .
amanda williams .
published : .
11:57 est , 23 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:16 est , 23 october 2013 .
a council has come under fire for ` wasting ' thousands of pounds of taxpayers ' money on pr videos on subjects such as washing hands properly and bin collection times .
warwickshire county council , which is tasked with slashing # 92million from its budget , spends # 12,000 a year on the short films , which feature an attractive blonde presenter and a ` ticker tape ' running headlines along the bottom of the screen .
examples of titles uploaded on to youtube include keep clean on global handwashing day , dangers of flu illustrated and budget conversation hits the road - in which the council discusses how millions can be saved from the budget by 2018 .
warwickshire county council spends # 12,000 a year on short pr films as it struggles to slash # 92million from its budget .
around 600 council workers could lose their jobs as part of these plans .
some videos on youtube have as few as eight views - but the council insists many more people watch the videos on its own site .
the council said it is one of the first to commission the videos - which are produced by a private contractor .
robert oxley , campaign manager of the taxpayers ' alliance , said : ` this is yet another example of a council preaching about the need to save money while squandering cash it on pointless initiatives .
` the last thing other local authorities should do is follow suit .
some videos on youtube have as few as eight views - but the council insists many more people watch the videos on its own site .
` council bosses should worry less about looking cutting edge on youtube and worry more about delivering the services residents actually need and rely on .
` instead of producing overblown pr about budget cuts , warwickshire council should focus on finding savings by stopping wasteful spending on things like these unnecessary videos which will in turn save taxpayers ' cash .
' warwickshire county council , which has more than half a million constituents , said the youtube hits were not representative of the number of people watching the videos ,