denis napthine has conceded defeat in the victorian election and congratulated daniel andrews on labor 's win .
the results make the napthine coalition victoria 's first government in over fifty years to be kicked out after just one term in office .
more than a million pre-poll votes are still to be counted .
` the figures clearly indicate that there has been a swing to the labor party and they will have a majority in the legislative assembly , ' dr napthine told liberal supporters .
` therefore , it 's appropriate for myself as leader of the government , as leader of the liberal party , to do the right thing by the people of victoria and to contact mr andrews and inform him that i have conceded that he has won this election and we congratulate mr and andrews on that victory .
' scroll down for video .
former victorian premier denis napthine concedes defeat to labor in the victorian state election at the sofitel hotel in melbourne on saturday .
napthine has announced he will step down as leader of the liberal party after the loss .
in his victory speech , daniel andrews thanked denis napthine and said he would not let voters down .
` the people of victoria have today given to us the greatest of gifts , entrusted to us the greatest of responsibilities and bestowed upon us the greatest of honours and , ladies and gentlemen , we will not let them down , ' he said .
` the greatest of gifts ' : victorian labor party leader daniel andrews celebrates his win .
victoria 's new premier daniel andrews celebrates with his wife catherine and kids at a party function in his electorate of mulgrave on saturday .
more than a million pre-poll votes are still to be counted , but early figures showed a clear labour win .
as the vote counts came in , abc election analyst antony green predicted labor could end up with 48 seats in the 88-seat parliament .
former victorian premier steve bracks said in early abc election coverage that the results were ' a clear win to labor .
' former liberal premier jeff kennett was not calling it but said a labor victory was likely unless 1.1 million pre-poll votes were dramatically different .
` in all the seats