by .
anna edwards .
published : .
19:06 est , 23 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
11:25 est , 24 november 2012 .
helen gough , 47 , claimed the cash over a 10-year period , most of which she spent living in an affluent country hamlet , raising thoroughbred arabian horses .
a horse breeder who lived in a 20-room mansion has been jailed for two years after claiming # 104,000 in benefits .
helen gough , 47 , claimed the cash over a 10-year period , most of which she spent living in an affluent country hamlet , raising thoroughbred arabian horses , exporting some to germany and making trips to the middle east .
she also bred dogs and burmese cats and families in the hamlet where gough lived said she was seen driving a land rover discovery and a bmw convertible .
but for the entire decade she was .
claiming income support , housing benefit and help to pay her council .
tax , derby crown court heard .
gough .
denied she was breeding animals as a business and said it was her .
hobby , which was accepted by department of work and pensions .
investigators .
jailing her .
judge andrew hamilton said it was the worst case of benefit fraud he had .
ever seen : ` it is the most disgraceful case of its kind , ' he said .
` many .
people who stand in that dock are bad at managing finances or desperate .
for money .
for you it was entirely based on greed and determination to .
fund your hobby .
' he said he .
had never before heard of anyone claiming benefits to enable them to .
breed arab horses .
` most people in derby would count watching football as .
their hobby , ' he said .
the court heard gough had ` finance and .
capital ' herself , before meeting an ` affluent businessman ' and moving .
into his substantial property with acres of land ' in wheatcroft , near .
matlock , derbyshire .
rhona .
campbell , prosecuting , said gough lived a life of ` luxury and .
indulgence ' while claiming the benefits.ms campbell said : ` few could .
contemplate being able to afford this hobby of breeding horses