a mass doggy wedding saw more than 40 pooches , complete with tulle wedding dresses and celebrity guests , tie the knot in a park in beijing on sunday .
the collective ceremony , which was billed the first of its kind to be held in china , was organised by a new social media app designed for pets .
a traditional wedding march played as the love-struck pooches were led down the aisle by their owners to ` exchange vows ' and receive marriage certificates , according to the people 's daily online .
love-struck pooches were led up the aisle by owners to ` exchange vows ' and receive marriage certificates .
canine couples arrived in bmw convertibles and , in one case , a stretch hummer limousine .
forty-two dogs tied the knot at the wedding , which is complete with tulle wedding dresses and celebrity owners .
no expense was spared for the special occasion , as the 21 canine couples arrived in bmw convertibles and a stretch hummer limousine .
organisers set up lavish flower arches and banquet tables in the park , where the couples showed off their outfits .
one pet owner who attended the wedding , ms li , said : ` i have attended many weddings before , but this is the first time i 've ever been to such a large scale collective pet wedding .
` looking at these lovely pets getting married and listening to their stories , i was really moved .
' one owner said this was the first collective pet wedding for her and she was really moved by the scene .
organisers said the wedding was designed to give pets and their owners a day to remember .
the ceremony was also designed to raise awareness of animal rights , said the organiser .
organiser zhang zhongsham , ceo of pet social media app smack talk , said the event was designed not only to give pets and their owners a day to remember , but also to raise awareness of animal rights .
he said : ` the idea of a collective wedding came about from our previous communication and research with users .
` this is our first try and we want to take the opportunity to continually promote the development of the pet industry , improve the social lives of our