it was bought by the king after he married priscilla in 1967 and became one of his favourite cars to cruise around memphis in - but elvis presley 's red cadillac has sold for just # 55,000 .
the famous 1967 coupe de ville took the singer and his new wife from las vegas back to his graceland mansion in tennessee after their wedding .
the iconic couple regularly took the car to elvis 's 163-acre circle g ranch in mississippi where they spent some of their honeymoon .
the 1967 cadillac 1967 coupe de ville , owned by elvis presley was bought by a private collector at a sale in las vegas for just # 55,000 .
it was bought by a private collector at a sale in las vegas held by classic car auctioneers barrett jackson on thursday .
elvis , who by that point was earning $ 1 million a movie , became known for his love of cadillacs and would often splash out on the chrome-covered cars as gifts for friends and family .
he once even bought a cadillac for a total stranger who he had spotted admiring his own car .
the red 1967 coupe de ville is said to have some of the best documentation of any of elvis ' cars , with registration papers clearly showing it listed as belonging to him and giving his address as graceland , memphis .
an old photograph of the cadillac taken when elvis presley owned it .
just married : elvis presley sits cheek to cheek with his bride , priscilla , following their wedding on may 1 1967 in las vegas , nevada .
the presleys drove the car from las vegas back to the singer 's graceland mansion in memphis following their wedding .
it was owned by american collector mike moon since 1979 and had been on display at the elvis museum in pigeon forge , tennessee .
the mint condition motor boasts a huge 8-cylinder engine , a three-speed automatic gearbox and black leather interior .
craig jackson , director of barrett jackson , said : ` elvis and cadillacs go hand in hand - he was famous for the amount of cadillacs he bought .
` he bought a lot of cadillacs for other people and gave a lot of them away too but this was one he kept for