by .
oliver wadeson .
published : .
16:00 est , 7 june 2014 .
| .
updated : .
16:00 est , 7 june 2014 .
supermodel claudia schiffer , tv star lisa snowdon and singer paloma faith are among the glamorous women who have been dressed by designer and stylist lucia silver .
so it should come as no surprise that lucia 's home is fit for a fashion queen .
for a start , it 's a stone 's throw from westbourne grove in west london 's ultra-trendy notting hill , where celebrities like to shop in the uber-chic boutiques found there .
and the one-bedroom flat is on the fourth floor of a serviced apartment block - high enough up to escape the noise and hullabaloo of the streets below .
the home of designer and stylist lucia silver , near westbourne grove , is fit for a fashion queen .
its grand , circular reception room , which features a succession of windows with 180-degree views , provides a breathtaking panorama of the surrounding area .
however , even fashionistas sometimes need to move out of town .
lucia and her partner peter , who is a painter and creative consultant , and their nine-month-old son quinn are relocating to henley-on-thames in oxfordshire .
lucia is putting her flat on the rental market for # 795 a week but will sell if she receives an offer in excess of # 1.5 million .
that might seem a lot for a one-bedroom flat , but this is one of london 's most desirable neighbourhoods and experts believe prices in the area are still going up .
` you have queensway being completely gentrified five minutes ' walk away ; portobello market just up the road ; the huge regeneration well under way in paddington basin ; and you 're only 15 minutes from soho or the west end , ' says lucia .
` and on top of all that are the changes crossrail will bring .
' lucia knows she will miss the flat - not least because she has built her career in the ten years she has lived there .
after reading english and french literature at oxford university , she was headhunted by advertising firm j. walter thompson , where she became a european account director .
she quickly realised she wanted