gerard depardieu has been banned from driving for six months and fined 4,000 euros for drink driving .
the ban follows an incident in november last year when the actor , 64 , fell off his scooter and was taken to a police station drunk .
depardieu 's lawyer , eric de caumont , .
said he planned to appeal friday 's ruling .
he said his client , who was .
not at the hearing , was in moscow filming .
ban : gerard depardieu , pictured at the russian film festival earlier this week , has been disqualified from driving for six months .
fall : the french actor slightly injured his elbow after falling off his scooter drunk in november last year .
the frenchman has publicly feuded .
with france 's socialist government over high taxes and has accepted a .
russian passport offered by vladimir putin .
he was pictured leaving a police .
station in paris the morning after his scooter incident , in which he .
slightly injured his elbow , last autumn .
dressed in a sleeveless white shirt , .
the actor was well enough to jump back onto the vehicle and drive .
himself home following the overnight stay .
unharmed : following a night at a parisian police station , actor gerard depardieu was ready to get back on his scooter .
in trouble again : the .
green card star tested positive for alcohol after the incident .
agence france-presse reported that .
when police arrived at the scene and tested depardieu , he showed a blood .
alcohol level of 1.8 grams per litre , well above the french limit for .
driving of 0.5 .
he was detained and brought to a police station where he could face .
misdemeanour charges ` after a period of sobering up , ' the source told .
the french news agency .
in 1998 the actor was involved in a motorcycle crash when his blood-alcohol level was five times over the legal limit .
he escaped with leg and face injuries .
and it 's not the first motor incident for the beloved french star this year .
not the first time : the french star has been in trouble with the law before .
hurt elbow : according to reports , the actor did n't suffer any major