by .
steve nolan .
published : .
14:17 est , 5 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:38 est , 5 april 2013 .
multi-millionaire premier league stars are more often than not dismissed as mercenaries who are happy to wear the colours of whichever club is offering the biggest pay cheque or winning the most trophies .
but in a stunt aimed at inspiring chelsea supporters , kit makers adidas want to show fans that the club 's galaxy of stars really are true blue .
the ` it 's blue , what else matters ' campaign sees players covered in blue liquid in a bid to get fans of the stamford bridge club to buy the new kit before they even see it .
scroll down for videos .
blue is the colour : chelsea striker fernando torres shows his true colours as he takes part in an impressive launch stunt for the club 's new adidas home kit .
number 1 : chelsea goalkeeper petr cech even dipped his trademark head guard into the dye for the impressive launch campaign .
true colours : chelsea stars including -lrb- left-right -rrb- demba ba , juan mata , fernando torres and captain john terry all spent two hours on set to shoot the campaign which kit maker adidas hopes will inspire fans .
true blue : chelsea and england defenders gary cahill , left , and john terry , right , show their passion for their club colours at the shoot .
the film and accompanying images , which feature some of the reigning european champions ' top stars including captain john terry , belgian midfielder eden hazard and striker fernando torres , are meant to show the lengths that the players will go to for their club .
it is based on the idea that the club is not just a team but something much more emotive than that .
an adidas spokesman said : ` the campaign was created based on the insight that chelsea can clearly own blue as a colour .
` not only do they sing about it , but they are the only club in the english premier league that call themselves the blues .
` seeing the players take part and show their commitment to the colour and the lengths that they will go to will inspire the fans