the entry for indigenous australian on wikipedia was one of the most viewed pages during 2014 gaining 4.7 million hits on may 24 alone .
popular pages on wikipedia during 2014 have been revealed with one of the most read entries being ` indigenous australian ' .
for eight days running starting on may 18 , the entry was the most viewed page reaching a peak of 4.7 million hits on may 24 .
but despite being one of the most read pages on the encyclopedia site last year , it is unclear why so many people worldwide were searching for the term .
the list of last year 's most viewed wikipedia pages has been compiled by website quartz , who analysed the top viewed page every day of last year .
during the study , they found that most of the top results followed big news events , with the profile of actor robin williams being viewed more than 5.1 million times on august 12 , the day after his death .
the profile for fellow actor philip seymour hoffman was also the top viewed page with 1.7 million hits on february 2 , the day of his death .
during early march , the entry for crimea was the most-well read , which coincided with the region 's annexation by russia .
meanwhile during most of june , while the fifa world cup was taking place in brazil , its entry on wikipedia was the most viewed on almost half of the days in the month .
but for other pages , such as ` indigenous australian ' , researchers are unable to say why they were so popular , although one explanation is that during this time australian prime minister tony abbot announced cuts to programmes that help his country 's aboriginal population .
another possible explanation is it came in the lead up to national sorry day , which is in honour of the stolen generations in australia .
other pages which also received high page views for no apparent explanation is the entry for the dinosaur species triceratops , which received 1.1 million hits on march 28 .
there were also two consecutive days of more than a million views of the malware page and the entry explaining the meaning of alliteration was the most viewed entry for seven consecutive days .
the wikipedia