by .
nick enoch .
published : .
07:53 est , 17 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
08:31 est , 17 october 2012 .
these stunning works of art are set to blow people away after a sculptor painstakingly cut shapes out of fallen leaves .
lorenzo duran silva , 43 , was inspired to create the delicate work after watching a caterpillar make holes in a leaf by eating it .
he collects foliage in his garden and parks which he then spends weeks transforming into beautiful works of art .
lorenzo duran silva , 43 , was inspired to create the delicate pieces after watching a caterpillar make holes in a leaf by eating it .
mr silva , from guadalajara , near madrid , washes , dries and presses the leaves before sketching out complicated patterns to apply to each one .
above , a piece commissioned for a friend .
each piece can take between a week and two months to complete as a slight slip of the hand could rip the surface and destroy hours of work .
next , he washes , dries and presses the leaves before sketching out complicated patterns to apply to each one .
the talented artist then carefully follows his designs and uses a knife to intricately slice through the paper and leaf below .
he has created stunning wildlife scenes including a bird and insects , complex geometric shapes and even a skull .
each piece can take between a week and two months to complete as a slight slip of the hand could rip the surface and destroy hours of work .
a spooky half-skull design ... just in time for halloween .
lorenzo 's art work ranges in price depending on the species of leaf and the complexity of the design but they have fetched up to # 2,400 .
one of the carefully crafted wildlife scenes - canvas courtesy of mother nature .
the artist collects foliage in his garden and parks which he spends weeks transforming into beautiful works of art .
mr silva , a father-of-one from guadalajara , near madrid , said : ' i was inspired by a caterpillar and how it was eating a leaf and i thought , `` what if i try to cut out drawings on a leaf ?
'' .
` afterwards i