when the viking warrior buried his hoard of silver coins and jewellery in a lead container , he doubtless expected to be back for them after his next battle .
but thanks to those pesky anglo saxons , they remained undisturbed for more than 1,000 years ... until darren webster discovered them with a metal detector during his lunch break .
found just 18 inches beneath the surface of a field in silverdale , lancashire , the 201 objects were yesterday hailed by the british museum as one of the most important viking discoveries of recent times .
artefacts : darren webster holds a viking arm ring which was part of a hoard of the viking treasure he found in silverdale .
webster 's hoard : a viking coin depicting the name alwaldus , which has been attributed to the nephew of alfred the great .
based on previous finds , they could be worth as much as # 500,000 .
mr webster , a 39-year-old stonemason , said he found the hoard in september .
` when i lifted the lead pot out of the ground there was a hole underneath and silver started to fall out .
that is when i realised i had found something important .
' quite how important became apparent when one of the 27 coins in the hoard proved to be a previously unrecorded type which the experts believe carries the name of an unknown viking ruler in northern england .
the name is airdeconut , thought to be an attempt to represent the scandinavian name harthacnut .
valuable : mr webster holds a viking arm ring .
the coin also helps to dispel the .
popularly held view that vikings were all pagans who pillaged .
monasteries out of hatred of the christian church .
great : a statue of king alfred in winchester .
one .
side has the words ` dns -lsb- short for dominus -rsb- rex ' , which means ` the lord .
and king ' , and they are arranged in the form of a cross , reflecting the .
fact that many vikings converted to christianity soon after settling in .
britain .
viking raids on britain began in 793ad .
then in 865ad a full viking army stormed through the country .
at the time the items were buried around 900ad , the vikings were