sharp-eyed viewers criticised the first series of downton abbey when latter day sights including a tv aerial intruded into its edwardian scenes .
now itv 's award-winning period drama has fallen foul of keen-eared fans too -- over its use of modern slang .
characters in the second series -- written by julian fellowes and set in the first world war -- have been uttering phrases not popularised until 40 years later .
illogical : dan stevens as captain matthew crawley and zoe boyle as lavinia swire .
downton abbey : the curse of anachronism has hit the itv show once again .
footman thomas barrow used ` get .
knotted ' in one episode earlier this month , while in sunday 's instalment .
he said : ' i am fed up seeing our lot get shafted .
' both expressions are believed to have .
originated in the 1960s .
meanwhile , captain matthew crawley , while in .
the trenches , used the modern-sounding phrase : ` you have been taking .
logic pills again .
' shaftedin its colloquial meaning , the word is recorded in a slang dictionary from the late 1950s .
logic pillsthis unusual phrase is not thought to have been used in the early 20th century .
get knottedthis phrase , meaning ` go to hell ' , is not recorded in the oed until 1963 .
everything in the garden is rosythe phrase has not been found written down before 1929 .
and head housemaid anna smith told .
john bates in last week 's episode : ` so everything in the garden is .
rosy ?
' it is believed this phrase was not used until at least the .
mid-1920s .
the latest apparent gaffes come after .
viewers accused the second series of historical inaccuracy when it .
launched in september and a character used the phrase , ` as if ' .
john simpson , of the oxford english .
dictionary , confirmed that ` get knotted ' was recorded as being in use .
from 1963 .
he said : ' i did think `` shafted '' felt quite wrong ... it .
imposed too much of 1960s and 1970s culture on to the scene .
' and he added that he had not found .
the expression ` logic pills ' in use around 1920