by .
ap .
published : .
17:10 est , 23 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:31 est , 23 september 2013 .
last week 's powerball jackpot winner never intended to buy the $ 400 million golden ticket .
the south carolina man was actually just at the store to buy hot dog buns .
the lucky guy has chosen to remain anonymous , but lottery officials say the newly minted millionaire was sent out to bye the buns by his wife and when the lexington gas station did n't have what he wanted , he bought $ 20 worth of lottery tickets instead .
it was only the man 's second time ever playing the lottery .
and the first person he told as he danced around his kitchen : the family dog .
scroll down for video ... frenzy : reporters swarmed the murphy express gas stationi n lexington , south carolina thursday after it was revealed to be the point of sale of the fourth largest winning powerball ticket in history .
the winner cashed in south carolina 's biggest jackpot ticket ever on monday and has told lottery officials that he wants to remain anonymous , something a handful of states allow .
the lottery released a few details about last week 's winner , who lives in columbia .
he stopped to get gas at a murphy express gas station outside columbia in lexington , south carolina the day of the drawing last wednesday .
his wife had sent him out to buy some hot dog buns , but the store did n't sell buns .
after seeing the $ 400 million prize advertised , he bought lottery tickets instead .
cha-ching !
the murphy express is the second of the chain to sell a giant powerball jackpot ticket .
the other one was across town on the other side of columbia , south carolina where a reverend bought a ticket worth $ 260m in 2009 .
just make it out to cash : the unnamed south carolina winner who will pocket $ 400m from wednesday 's powerball jackpot bought the winning ticket only after the store was out of hot dog buns .
it was only his second time playing the lottery .
the winner checked his ticket thursday at his home and realized he was a winner .
he