st george 's flags were out in force from all around the country inside tallinn 's le coq arena .
tamworth , burnley , stoke , oxford , and redditch were among the towns represented with many flags , like blackpool fc , displaying the club name -- emphasising you can support your club and country .
good also to hear shushing among the travelling fans before the estonian national anthem was played , ensuring it was listened to with quiet respect rather than any jeers or catcalls from the away end .
this was england 's first qualifying game played on a sunday since a 3-0 win in moldova in september 1996 .
it was memorable for being glenn hoddle 's first competitive game as england manager , and an international debut for david beckham .
wonder what happened to him ?
england fans inside tallinn 's le coq arena display their support for the national team , and their local clubs .
northerly tallinn is more scandinavia meets eastern europe than stereotypical old iron curtain .
the atmosphere was joyful rather than aggressive and intimidating than in some former russian republics .
the home supporters had their own brass band and big drum , though strangely their most popular chant ` eesti , eesti -lrb- estonia -rrb- ' initially sounded like 'em ile hes-key ' to untrained ears .
joe hart is one of the most commanding goalkeepers in europe but his achilles heel at the moment is his goal kicking .
managers from fabio capello onwards have noted it and it was n't his greatest for distribution .
one clearance for callum chambers ballooned into the air and gave the ball straight to estonia -- and it was n't the only time .
roy hodgson 's england side entered the match top of group e after beating san marino on thursday .
itv 's england team adrian chiles , glenn hoddle , lee dixon and ian wright were the victims of a ` humorous ' german on their flight over to tallinn after changing planes in frankfurt .
a member of the air crew grabbed the in-flight tannoy and said ` we 'd like to welcome the english people on board who are going to the match in estonia .
but of course the result wo n't matter because in 2016 germany will be champions .
'