peter kennaugh won the british cycling national championships road race , capping off a dominant team sky display by out-sprinting team-mate ben swift to win in abergavenny .
the pair surged clear with two laps to go and kennaugh timed his sprint finish to perfection , using swift 's slipstream and then overhauling his team-mate at the death to take the victory by less than bicycle wheel in south-east wales .
orica-greenedge rider simon yates , who had fought valiantly to remain in contention despite team sky 's numbers in the leading pack , came home third , one minute and eight seconds behind the leading pair .
dominant : team sky 's peter kennaugh crosses for victory in the british cycling national championships road race .
podium : kennaugh -lrb- centre -rrb- beat ben swift -lrb- left -rrb- in second and simon yates -lrb- right -rrb- in third .
early breakaway rider luke rowe was 30 seconds further back in fourth , while josh edmondson was next home as team sky took four of the top-five places .
kennaugh , who had to settle for second place in 2010 and 2008 and third in 2011 and 2009 , was understandably delighted to finally secure his maiden british championships victory .
he said : ' -lrb- it 's -rrb- amazing .
the last lap when i was with swifty it 's hard to race against such a good mate and play those tactics -lrb- with him -rrb- sitting on me for the whole of the last lap .
` once i tried my luck with the attacks and the climbs and he was still with me , i thought it was game over .
` but i knew the sprint from 2009 when kristian house beat me , i took it up really early and i knew that maybe with the last 200m downhill i stood a bit of a chance so i remained positive , gave it my best shot and when i was coming round to the line i could n't believe it , it felt surreal .
' breakaway : kennaugh leads the peloton up a climb during the championships in abergavenny , wales .
earlier , laura trott won the women 's road race ahead of dani king and defending champion lizzie armistead .
armistead looked like she would defend her title as she enjoyed a