linda and john pruvedenti who are from bridgwater , somerset , send out cards , money and letters abroad to hardened criminals , including murderers , child abusers and robbers , at america 's toughest prisons .
a middle-aged couple from britain have developed a rather unusual hobby to occupy their time : writing to killers on death row .
linda and john pruvedenti from bridgwater , somerset , have spent the last six years writing to hardened criminals at some of america 's toughest prisons .
the couple began writing to death row inmates in 2008 , after john , 53 , gave up work to look after linda , 51 , who suffers from a debilitating bowel condition called diverticulitis .
now the former american air force soldier and his wife , who have been married for 31 years , dedicate their time to sending cards , money and hand-written letters to prisoners convicted of heinous crimes including murder , child abuse and robbery .
mr pruvedenti said : ` we are big believers in forgiveness , and we think that if people are remorseful for their crimes then they should be punished under the law but also be forgiven .
` somehow we have always picked up the waifs and strays , and writing to death row inmates allows us to reach out to those who have gone down the wrong path in life - often through no fault of their own .
` people may think that what we do is strange , but for us it is a way to help people who need it .
' devout christians , linda and john married in 1983 after a mutual friend set them up on a blind date .
they soon realised they both had a passion for helping the disadvantaged , which linda accredits to surviving a difficult childhood .
after spotting an internet advert for death row pen pals in 2008 , linda started writing letters to american prisoners - with the full support of john .
now the mother-of-two estimates she has built friendships with at least 10 inmates .
ms pruvedenti said : ' i have a natural empathy for people who have have n't had the best start in life , as i believe we all could so easily have been born into a different family and chosen an alternative path