dani vallverdu has played down talk of a rift with andy murray insisting the end of their working partnership was ` genuinely mutual ' .
murray made a host of changes to his group last season , hiring amelie mauresmo as coach to replace ivan lendl who left his post in march and then stopping working with long-time friend vallverdu and fitness trainer jez green .
the exit of vallverdu raised some eyebrows as the pair met at the sanchez-casal academy in spain more than a decade ago and the venezuelan held an increasingly important role in the coaching team under lendl .
dani vallverdu has denied a rift with andy murray and insists their working relationship was ended mutually .
andy murray in action against portugal 's joao sousa on day five of the australian open at melbourne park .
in an interview with the independent earlier this month , murray appeared to suggest that the relationship had become strained , saying : ` the most important point in any team is that everyone has the same vision , everyone wants to move forward together .
maybe the last four or five months of last year it was n't like that .
' but vallverdu , who is now coaching tomas berdych , insists that was not the case and that the relationship had simply run its course .
` we were all pulling in the same direction , ' he told the daily mail .
` i 'm quite proud of how we pulled it around after the us open .
it was pretty hard , him qualifying for -lrb- the atp tour finals in -rrb- london from his position after new york .
` of course andy is the one who played the matches but everyone had the goal of helping him get there .
i do n't think the last four months are a reason we are n't working together any more , it was genuinely mutual .
` his determination , professionalism and stubbornness , that 's what has made him so successful but , because of the way he is , it gets to the point when it is time for both parties to go their own ways .
' he added : ` andy and i have been friends for nearly 15 years .
our personal relationship is still good , i consider