an anxious wait lies in store for michel vorm .
after his calamitous mistake gifted leicester a passage to the fa cup fifth round , mauricio pochettino could be forgiven for calling on hugo lloris to step in when tottenham arrive at sheffield united on wednesday .
the capital one cup semi-final second leg at bramall lane is his most important game yet as manager .
spurs have n't won any silverware for seven years and pochettino knows a night in yorkshire is set to be tricky enough without the potential for any self-inflicted pain .
he will have watched vorm allow a tepid stoppage-time jeffrey schlupp volley bobble over him and wonder whether it 's worth risking not starting with lloris .
michel vorm is concerned that he may not play again soon after his mistake against leicester city .
vorm -lrb- left -rrb- conceded a goal from jeffrey schlupp as tottenham lost 2-1 and went out of the fa cup .
the frenchman is rivalled only by david de gea as the premier league 's best between the sticks .
with that in mind , pochettino 's decision seems clearcut .
vorm was actually lucky to still be on the pitch at the time of his howler after referee robert madley ludicrously felt andrej kramaric had dived when clearly fouled in the box .
regardless , vorm wants an opportunity to make amends .
' i do n't play that much so these kind of games are very important , ' he admitted .
' i said sorry to the boys but they were ` do n't be silly , you did very well ' .
but you feel a responsibility .
` to be honest they did not say to me that you will be playing in the fa cup and capital one cup , i just hear it the day before a game .
but i hope they still give me the chance to play on wednesday .
` it is hard and sheffield will play the game of their lives probably .
if we don ' t understand the importance of the game for the club and fans then we do n't deserve it .
but we will .
i am 100 per cent sure we will .
' the ramifications of the gaffe , however , are likely to linger for vorm -- even