by .
kerry mcdermott .
published : .
05:12 est , 19 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
08:34 est , 19 october 2012 .
killer jeremy bamber has lost the first stage of his latest legal battle over his convictions for murdering five members of his family more than 25 years ago .
a high court judge in london has rejected bamber 's bid for a judicial review of an earlier decision not to refer his case back to the court of appeal for the safety of his convictions to be looked at once more .
the 51-year-old is serving a whole life term for murdering his wealthy adoptive parents , his sister and her two children in a remote essex farmhouse in 1985 .
he has always protested his innocence .
killer : bamber , seen left in 2011 , and being taken away by police following his murder trial in 1986 , was seeking a judicial review of an earlier decision not to refer his case to the court of appeal .
the decision not to refer bamber 's case back to the court of appeal was made earlier this year by the criminal cases review commission -lrb- ccrc -rrb- , an independent body which investigates possible miscarriages of justice .
a judicial office spokeswoman today confirmed that a judge had turned down bamber 's application for permission for a judicial review .
it is still open to bamber to seek to renew his application before the full court .
murdered : bamber 's parents , neville and june , left , and his sister sheila with her twin sons daniel and nicholas , right .
bamber , who has been behind bars for over 25 years for the 1985 killings , claims his schizophrenic sister sheila caffell shot her family before turning the gun on herself in the farmhouse in tolleshunt d'arcy , essex .
he was convicted in 1986 of killing his parents june and neville , his sister ms cafell , and her six-year-old twin sons daniel and nicholas on august 7 , 1985 .
bamber 's sister sheila ` bambi ' caffell , pictured , was a former model .
bamber 's latest request for an appeal was based on a fresh analysis of three burn marks found on his father and gunshot wounds on his sister which suggested they were