chris robshaw led his england team-mates through their final preparations for the top-of-the-table rbs 6 nations clash with ireland on the aviva stadium pitch on saturday morning .
the england skipper took charge of the captain 's run as the unbeaten red rose side completed their last session before sunday 's 4pm showdown between the competition 's two unbeaten sides .
england surprised wales at the millennium stadium with a 21-16 win in the first round of fixtures before seeing off italy at twickenham - and head coach stuart lancaster wants his side to draw inspiration from the win in cardiff on what will be another atmospheric occasion in dublin .
chris robshaw -lrb- right -rrb- leads his england team-mates out for their final training session at the aviva stadium .
robshaw took charge of the session and was out issuing instructions as part of the captain 's run .
the england team warm-up in the surroundings of the aviva stadium that will be packed come sunday .
sunday 's match is the biggest of the 2015 championship but robshaw and lancaster both know that if england finish as victors they will have a clear sight of the title with home games against scotland and france remaining , and a potential grand slam .
ireland start as marginal favourites but england , who have recalled wing jack nowell and full-back alex goode , will draw on their victory at the millennium stadium for inspiration .
` dublin is similar to cardiff .
history tells you it 's a very difficult place to go and win , ' lancaster said .
robshaw leads the way by spraying out a pass on the pristine pitch at the aviva on saturday morning .
jack nowell has been recalled to the side on the wing and he takes a catch in this picture .
there was plenty of catching practice at the aviva for george ford -lrb- left -rrb- and alex goode -lrb- right -rrb- .
head coach stuart lancaster looks on from a distance , hoping that england can match their win over wales .
` sometimes when you 're playing against irish teams you feel like you 're playing against 16 or 17 because of the energy that they bring .
it will be as difficult a game as we 've had in a long time .
' england turned around a