click here to see our brilliant match zone including a pitch map of diego tardelli 's match-winning performance .
it was n't lionel messi , neymar or even kaka that stole the show in beijing 's first superclasico de las americas but atletico mineiro 's diego tardelli .
goals either side of half-time from the 29-year-old , who was fairly absent for much of the game , made it three wins from three for brazil without conceding .
much of the match build-up was centred on beijing 's pollution but thanks to a breezy saturday afternoon it had all but cleared up in time for kick-off with levels dropping from ` hazardous ' to ` moderate ' .
video scroll down to watch post-match reaction from dunga as he emphasized the importance of the collective .
atletico mineiro striker diego tardelli celebrates with neymar after scoring his second of the match to wrap up victory against argentina .
tardelli takes the plaudits from manager dunga after his second goal put brazil firmly in control against argentina .
the atletico mineiro forward wheels away in delight having just doubled his side 's lead and his own tally for the match .
the 29-year-old volleys home to put his side 1-0 up in the 28th minute as his effort bounced down past argentina keeper sergio romero .
tardelli is congratulated by his team-mates after putting brazil ahead against argentina in the first half .
neymar rushes to congratulate tardelli after the forward gave brazil the lead with a sliced volley that flew past romero .
brazil 's players , led by captain neymar , celebrate winning the superclasico de las americas against argentina .
manager dunga -lrb- second from right -rrb- joins in the post-match celebrations on the pitch at the bird 's nest in beijing .
brazil defender danilo was harshly adjudged to have brought down danilo in the box but lionel messi missed the resulting penalty .
brazil 's players congratulate their goalkepeer jefferson after he saved the penalty from messi -lrb- centre -rrb- with 41 minutes gone .
messi went to jefferson 's right with his penalty but the brazil keeper guessed right to deny the barcelona star .
a pumped-up jefferson is delighted after denying messi from the penalty spot in the 41st minute and high-fives midfielder elias .
brazil : jefferson , danilo , miranda , david