selfies and self-indulgent facebook statuses suggest we are more narcissistic than ever .
but researchers have found we actually started to become increasingly self-centred more than 100 years ago .
by studying unique baby names , birth and divorce rates and the use of words like ` i ' and ` me ' in books , the experts said individualism began rising at the turn of the 20th century .
scroll down for video .
selfies -lrb- kim kardashian pictured -rrb- and self-indulgent facebook statuses suggest we are more narcissistic than ever , but researchers said we started becoming increasingly self-centred more than 100 years ago .
individualism is the belief that personal needs are more important than the needs of society as a whole .
and this rise is blamed on a shift from manual labour to office jobs as people became wealthier and better educated .
individualism is the belief that personal needs are more important than the needs of society as a whole .
it is said to have first developed among baby boomers , born after wwii .
the study covered a 150-year period and was carried out by researchers from the department of psychology at the university of waterloo and arizona state university .
individualism is the belief that personal needs are more important than the needs of society as a whole .
it is said to have first developed among baby boomers , born after wwii .
the researchers examined factors commonly thought to be linked with cultural individualism .
these included the use of so-called individualist words in books , such as ` i ' and ` me ' , during the past 150 years .
they also looked at the percentage of single-child families , how many adults now live alone , divorce rates and the prevalence of unique baby names .
all of these factors , especially uniqueness , are deemed to be key drivers of individualism .
led by professor igor grossmann , the researchers examined factors commonly linked with cultural individualism .
these included the use of so-called individualist words in books taken from the google ngram database .
they studied the percentage of single-child families , how many adults now live alone , and divorce rates using us census data .
and they looked at the prevalence of unique baby names by studying social security administration data .