revealed here are stunning images of the microscopic world that would normally be invisible to the naked eye .
more than 80 winners from around the world were awarded prizes for excellence in photomicrography in nikon 's 40th annual small world competition .
first prize went to rogelio moreno , a computer programmer from panama , for capturing a rarely seen image of the open mouth interior and heart-shaped corona of an aquatic creature , known as a rotifer .
pictured is the first place winner rogelio moreno from panama showing the mouth interior and heart shaped corona of a rotifer .
the amazing image is shot ` head on ' and shows the mouth of the tiny aquatic animal , which is less than 0.004 inches -lrb- 0.1 mm -rrb- long .
moreno is a self-taught microscopist who began in 2009 , and nikon said his image ` serves to show just how close the beauty and wonder of the micro-world truly is ' .
the top ten was selected by the panel of judges based on artistic quality and masterful scientific technique .
rotifers are microscopic aquatic animals of the phylum rotifera .
they can be found in many freshwater environments and moist soil , where they live in thin films of water around soil particles .
their habitat may include still water environments like lakebeds in addition to flowing water environments like rivers and streams .
their bodies are soft save for their jaws , which are solid .
they are multicellular and have specialised organ systems .
the main winners were from italy , the united states , austria , spain and australia .
the only british entry came from dr nils lindstrom , who works in development biology at the roslin institute in edinburgh , with his close-up photo of the kidneys .
eric flem , communications manager for nikon instruments , said : ` since the competition began 40 years ago , the calibre in quality and range of subject matter of the images , is matched only by the scientists and photographers who submit them .
` so much has changed in science and technology in the past 40 years , opening the door for more and more scientists and artists alike to capture and share their stunning images with the world .
' a look at our gallery is like a time