by .
alex greig .
published : .
08:52 est , 27 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:33 est , 27 october 2013 .
former world heavyweight boxing champion mike tyson has given his side of the story about his tumultuous relationship with former wife actress robin givens .
in a new , no-holds-barred memoir , ` undisputed truth ' , tyson writes that givens and her mother had been ` on the prowl for a big black celebrity for robin , ' and tyson , at the height of his fame in 1987 , fit the bill .
despite having already dated some of the world 's most beautiful women including naomi campbell , tyson had chronically low self-esteem .
newlyweds : tyson and givens together in june 1988 , just months after they were married .
fighting back : tyson came from poverty to prominence as the world 's top boxer in the 1980s , earning millions of dollars .
motley crew : tyson kisses wife robin givens while donald trump and the woman tyson called ` ruthless ' , givens ' mother ruth roper , talk to the media following a press conference that tyson called .
` my social skills consisted of putting a guy in a coma , ' he writes .
` so maybe robin was just what the doctor ordered .
' givens , a sarah lawrence graduate who was starring on the abc sitcom ` head of the class ' , was well-spoken , educated and beautiful .
just 11 months after their first date , to which givens arrived with her mother and publicist , the pair were married .
he was 22 years old .
according to tyson , their wedding was hastily arranged because givens , then 24 , had announced that she was pregnant .
tyson writes that givens ' mother ruth , who he referred to as ` ruthless , ' immediately set about finding the pair a suitable mansion to settle into , at tyson 's expense .
during a close friend 's funeral , tyson received a phone call from his accountant , who told him givens and her mother were in his office , demanding that he release $ 5 million so that they could purchase a new jersey estate .
against his accountant 's advice , he gave the money