by .
marie-louise olson .
published : .
14:30 est , 27 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:32 est , 27 september 2013 .
a freakish accident in pittsburgh on thursday resulted in a car flipping over and landing on top of a fountain .
the driver was pulled from the wreck after the incident and was taken to upmc presbyterian hospital .
his name and condition have not been released .
witnesses say the car was not going very fast , about 30 or 40mph , when the crash happened .
unbelievable : the car flipped onto its roof , landing right on top of the fountain .
flipped : the car landed upside down in the fountain just inside the entrance of highland park in pittsburgh .
surrounded by water : helicopter footage shows how the car landed in the fountain which is in the middle of a pool of water .
the driver , whose name and condition is not known , was pulled from his car after the incident and was taken to upmc presbyterian hospital .
pittsburgh police sgt. mike pilyih said the driver drove straight through the entrance area of the fountain before it hit a bench and knocked it into the pond , then hit the front of the fountain after which the car flipped and landed right on top of the fountain .
a witness , willie phifer , said the car went about 7 feet into the air before landed upside down on the fountain .
sarah hagerty , another witness , said she and other bystanders ran over to help the driver .
` we kind of held his head out of the water and kept his spine stabilized and waited until the paramedics and firemen got there , ' she told wpxi .
normal day : this is what the highland park fountain looks like without a car in the middle of it .
busy area : witnesses say there are normally a lot of people walking around the fountain area , which is why it is a miracle no one was hit .
rescue operation : a team of paramedics and rescue workers pulled the man from the car wreck .
stretcher : the driver was put on a stretcher and carried out of the car by the rescue team .
helping hand : the