by .
associated press .
many of the exhausted dogs that have been in .
search of victims of the deadly mudslide that buried a mountainside washington .
community will take a two-day break as the official death toll rose from 18 to 21 .
the dogs can lose their sensing ability if overworked in the cold and rain .
` the .
conditions on the slide field are difficult , so this is just a time to .
take care of the dogs , ' said kris rietmann , a spokeswoman for the team .
working on the eastern portion of the slide , which hit march 22 about 55 .
miles northeast of seattle and is one of the deadliest in u.s. history .
needed rest : rescue dog tryon , muddied from the day 's work , stands with his handler near the west side of the mudslide on highway 530 near mile marker 37 in arlington , washington .
dogs like tryon have been given a two-day break from work because days of intense searching can dull their senses .
dogs from the federal emergency management agency that arrived more recently will continue working .
fifteen of the victims have been identified by the snohomish county medical examiner , and six have yet to be identified , biermann said .
another four bodies were found in the debris field on sunday , but they wo n't be added to the official count until the medical examiner receives the bodies .
biermann said 30 people remain missing .
authorities have said the task of finding and identifying victims from the debris field has been extremely challenging , and not all may ultimately be recovered .
dirty job : rescue dog nexus , muddy from working onsite , waits to be decontaminated via hose .
he 's one of many that helped uncover four more bodies over the weekend .
slog : periods of rain and wind have hampered efforts for days and constant exposure to the conditions can hurt dogs ' ability to sense victims .
holding strong : search and rescue teams navigate the wet , muddy terrain at the west side of the mudslide .
while some dogs will be given a break , others will continue working in the unforgiving conditions over the next two days .
rescue dog nexus , muddy from working