by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
01:03 est , 7 august 2012 .
| .
updated : .
04:06 est , 7 august 2012 .
looking back at the days leading up to the fatal july 20 movie theater shooting in aurora , colorado , it appears now that there were ignored warning signs that could have saved many lives .
psychiatrist dr lynne fenton who counseled shooter james holmes reportedly tried to discuss her worries about his mental condition with university of colorado staff and at least one campus police officer in early june .
on june 10 , the once-promising graduate student dropped out of the school , and the university officials who were aware of dr. fenton 's concerns apparently felt they could no longer do anything to follow the issue as he was no longer under their jurisdiction .
little did they know that holmes bought his first assault weapon just three days before leaving the school .
concerns : dr lynne fenton -lrb- left -rrb- called university of colorado security staff about student james holmes .
nightline reports that while dr. fenton - who is a member of the .
campus behavior evaluation and .
threat assessment team herself - notified an unspecified number of other .
members , the entire group never convened to discuss the threat posed by .
holmes because he had already left the university .
said group was created to address behavioral problems as well as potential security issues involving students and was composed of faculty and staff , including campus .
police .
fenton .
could not be immediately reached for comment .
members of the university .
did not immediately return telephone messages seeking comment .
the doctor has since been questioned by colorado police as a part of the investigation into the shooting which left 12 dead and 58 injured .
a lawyer was present for the meeting .
holmes ' attorneys filed a motion that revealed holmes was seeing the psychiatrist .
the .
revelation raised questions about holmes ' year of study at the .
university 's medical campus and about possible motives behind the .
shooting .
an online resumé listed schizophrenia as one of dr fenton 's research interests .
who knew what : university of colorado police chief doug abraham answered questions at a news conference just days after