by .
luke salkeld .
last updated at 11:46 am on 20th october 2011 .
vincent tabak 's lawyer admitted yesterday that his client 's behaviour after killing joanna yeates was ` frankly disgusting ' .
william clegg qc told a jury three times that he would not attempt to justify tabak 's actions in the weeks before his arrest when he attended dinner parties and went to work as if nothing had happened .
giving the first detailed account of miss yeates 's death , mr clegg said tabak had killed the landscape architect when she screamed as he tried to kiss her after being ` beckoned ' into her home .
the 33-year-old engineer put one hand around her throat and the other over her mouth and in ` seconds ' miss yeates was dead , it was claimed .
trial : vincent tabak -lrb- right -rrb- claims it was ` pure chance ' he killed jo yeates -lrb- left -rrb- , bristol crown court heard .
mr clegg said : ` what he did after that wo n't be excused by us .
his conduct afterwards was frankly disgusting .
` he took the body and hid it , thereby .
causing untold anguish and agony to joanna 's family who had no idea .
what had happened to her , and did everything to cover his tracks .
' mr clegg added that tabak was a .
` calculating person ' who had told ` lie after lie ' in the weeks after his .
crime but told the jury that what the defendant did after he killed his .
neighbour was not what he was on trial for .
` what he is being tried for is .
whether , when he killed joanna yeates , that was planned and premeditated .
and something that he intended to do , or whether he panicked and did it .
without thinking of the consequences .
' forensic investigations : computer analyst lyndsey farmary , left , arrives at court to give evidence in the trial and tabak 's lawyer william clegg , pictured yesterday morning -lrb- right -rrb- .
mr clegg said the dutchman 's act had .
not been planned , and came after the victim had invited her next-door .
neighbour into her flat in canynge road , clifton , bristol .
seeing him