britian 's most northerly fish and chippie , in the far-flung outreaches of the shetland islands in scotland , has been crowned uk 's best .
frankie 's fish & chips , which opened in 2008 in brae , shetland , beat nine other regional finalists to take the title at the 2015 national fish and chip awards .
the only chippie within a 25-mile radius , the family-owned business is open seven days a week and serves specials such as scallops , squid , mussels and crab alongside its usual fare .
manager john gold , owner valerie johnson and her daughter carlyn johnson of frankie 's fish & chips in brae in the shetland islands , scotland .
remote location : the family-owned chippie is the only one withing a 25-mile radius .
scotland frankie 's fish & chips , brae , shetland ; www.frankiesfishandchips.com .
wales penaluna 's famous fish & chips , hirwaun aberdare , rhondda cynon taf ; www.penalunas.co.uk .
northern ireland fishcity , ballynahinch , co. .
down ; www.fish-city.net .
north east england mister c 's , selby , north yorkshire ; www.mistercs.co.ukd .
north west england papa 's fish & chips , warrington , cheshire ; www.papasfishandchips.com .
midlands simpsons fish & chips , cheltenham , gloucestershire ; www.simpsonsfishandchips.com .
eastern england burton road chippy , lincoln , lincolnshire ; www.burtonroadchippy.co.uk .
london and south east england papa 's barn , ditton , kent ; www.papasbarn.co.uk .
central and south england broughton fish & chips , broughton , milton keynes , buckinghamshire ; www.broughtonfishandchips.co.uk .
south and west england harbourside fish & chips , plymouth , devon ; www.barbicanfishandchips.co.uk .
frankie 's owner valerie johnson said : ` we now get to go home to shetland and say that our fish and chips are the best in scotland , england , northern ireland and wales - without exception .
how amazing is that ?
' ` this is the highlight of my working life .
i ca n't thank -lrb- the organisers -rrb- seafish and my brilliant team enough .
you 're a credit to the seafood industry .
2015 is frankie 's year .
' simpson 's fish & chips in cheltenham , gloucestershire nabbed second place whilst papa 's barn in ditton kent was nabbed third .
the final 10 places were shortlisted during earlier rounds which included unannounced shop