police had ` three contacts ' with suspect elliot rodger before a mass shooting on friday night in isla vista that left seven dead and thirteen injured .
santa barbara county sheriff bill brown said on saturday that police had conducted a ` welfare check ' on 22-year-old rodger on april 30 .
police spokeswoman kelly hoover has said the wellness check will be reviewed as authorities continue their investigation .
scroll down for video .
three contacts : sheriff bill brown , center , said that police had ` three contacts ' with rodger prior to the friday night shooting .
wellness check : police conducted a wellness check for rodger on april 30 - but that check is expected to be reviewed as part of the investigation .
apartment : an investigators ' van leaves an apartment complex where suspect elliot rodger lived , and where it is believed that he stabbed his three roommates , before he allegedly went on a shooting spree that killed 6 people and injured 13 .
` retribution ' : elliot rodger posted a video to social media in which he outlined his plan for ` retribution ' for being rejected by women .
on january 15 , 2014 , rodger made a citizen 's arrest when his roommate allegedly .
stole three candles from him worth $ 22 , brown said .
rodger also .
called police on july 31 , 2013 and claimed to be the victim of assault , .
brown said , though police believe rodger may have actually been the aggressor .
no charges were filed .
attorney alan shifman earlier told reporters that the rodger family called police several weeks ago after being alarmed by youtube videos ` regarding suicide and the killing of people ' that rodger had been posting .
police interviewed rodger and found him to be a ` perfectly polite , kind and wonderful human , ' but noted that he had few friends and no girlfriend , he added .
police did not find a history of guns .
rodger downplayed his family 's concerns for his mental state , saying he was having difficulties with his social life and was planning to drop out of santa barbara city college .
the responding deputies gave him some advice and information on where to seek help , and left .
in a