senator john mccain sacrificed the dream of a white christmas for a far greater cause this holiday season as he flew to kabul to spend time with american troops serving overseas .
the war hero 's appearance comes just days before american and nato combat troops will withdraw from afghanistan after 13 years in the country .
this as local forces in the country will now be tasked with protecting the security vacuum left in the wake of america 's withdrawal from the increasingly daunting and emboldened threats of islamic militants .
scroll down for video .
sandy christmas : senator john mccain -lrb- above -rrb- spent christmas day with the troops in kabul , afghanistan .
hello ladies : the male troops seemed to have their morale boosted thanks to some sexy singing santas .
big man on campus : american forces are preparing to leave afghanistan next week after 13 years .
senator mccain also took time to meet with some of the country 's leaders during his trip , including president ashraf ghani and his chief executive officer abdullah abdullah .
president ghani and senator mccain also both took time to praise the service of the brave men and women who helped the country over the past 13 years , with ghani praising them for their incredible sacrifices while mccain emphasized america 's long-term support for the country , according to a statement released by the presidency .
the reason for the season : even santa stopped by to see the troops .
change4 it up : the ladies later performed for the troops in gold dresses .
far from home : the troops celebrated their holiday away from their families for perhaps the final time .
christmas cheer : two troops add some color to their camouflage with santa hats .
and while many of the male , and a few of the female , troops were no doubt incredibly moved by the words of these leaders and nostalgic about their tour coming to an end , it would seem that for many the highlight of the holiday was a few sexy santa dancers who entertained the troops in revealing red dresses that seemed to do wonders for morale .