the young elephant has tugged at his shackled hind leg so often that the manacles have cut through the flesh , leaving it raw .
not that freeing himself would help .
a chain on his left front leg means he can move neither forwards , backwards nor sideways .
the elephant 's owner has tethered the youngster because he prefers to tend to his small shop in the grounds of the surabaya zoo in indonesia .
scroll down for video .
horrific : chained by three legs , this juvenile male elephant was one of several animals which richard shears saw in clear distress at surabaya zoo in east java , indonesia .
one of its legs had a laceration from being chained all the time , right .
the zoo is facing fierce questions about the way it treats its animals .
conditions : a former keeper said more than 50 animals have died at the zoo in three months .
this calf 's owner tethered it because he preferred to tend to his shop .
painful : another elephant suffered the same treatment , having a front and hind leg tethered with chains so taut that it was unable to make a single step .
emaciated : this camel 's ribs were plain to see as it ate grass in its enclosure .
richard shears left depressed after seeing animals cooped up together in tiny cages .
sad : a south american brown capuchin monkey looked imploringly out of its cage for several minutes before grabbing a banana and returning to the cage 's edge .
the capuchin retrieved a banana before returning -lrb- left -rrb- to stare at richard shears .
when our reporter visited the closed orangutan enclosure , he saw scores of rats .
overcrowded : one aviary appeared packed to the brim with a mixture of herons and ibises , while another had 150 pelicans crammed into one cage together .
money comes first .
and so , day after day , week after week , the elephant stands there , being released from his chains only at the end of each day .
anyone finding the scene depressing , and who turns away to look for more happy animals in the zoo would eventually leave , as i did , utterly depressed .
surabaya zoo has been branded the worst in the