a palestinian refugee achieved his lifetime ambition to one day own a lion when he adopted two of them and brought them into his home .
saad al-jamal purchased the two-month-old lion cubs from the cash-strapped rafah zoo .
he has plans to raise them at his house in the al-shabora refugee camp in rafah in the southern gaza strip , although he faces a difficult task as the lions - and their appetites - grow .
saad al-jamal holds the lions in his arms as one of them struggles in an effort to get back on the ground .
mr al-jamal plans to raise the cubs at his house in the al-shabora refugee camp in the southern gaza strip .
he refused to say how much he paid for the cubs , but admitted to afp that he has received a $ 9,000 offer -lrb- # 6,000 -rrb- to buy them .
the two lion cubs , one male and one female , have been named alex and mona .
they have been living in the three-bedroom flat ` like members of the family ' for 10 weeks , and they play ` all day long ' with mr al-jamal 's children and grandchildren .
footage shows the cubs play-fighting on the floor of the family 's flat , and interacting with young children .
the lion cubs can be seen on the video interacting with mr al-jamal 's children and grandchildren .
bringing the cubs outside , mr al-jamal holds the lions in his arms and as of them fights against him to be put back down .
other clips show the owner is featured stroking them as they bask in the sun .
it is believed that the parents of the cubs were brought into gaza via a tunnel along the border with egypt around three years ago .
raising two lion cubs is a costly venture , and mr al-jamal has plans to use them to earn money .
he intends to lease them to parks , restaurants and seaside resorts once they are a few months older .
saad al-jamal purchased the two-month-old lion cubs called alex and mona from the rafah zoo .
once the cubs are 15-months-old they will develop adult teeth and possess the ability to tear flesh .
at just two months , the cubs eat half a kilogram of meat