by .
lydia warren , hayley peterson and katie davies .
published : .
21:16 est , 18 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:50 est , 19 may 2013 .
a 21-year-old hofstra university student killed while being held by a masked gunman with her twin sister was fatally shot by a nassau county police officer as she was held in a headlock , police revealed on saturday .
andrea rebello was shot once in the head on friday morning by an officer who opened fire after the masked intruder , dalton smith , pointed a gun at the officer , nassau county homicide squad lt. john azzata said .
the nassau county police officer fired eight shots at smith , who has what police have described as an ` extensive ' criminal background , azzata said .
smith was hit by seven bullets and died .
rebello was shot once in the head , azzata said .
scroll down for video .
deadly ending : police say dalton smith , 30 , held 21-year-old andrea rebello , right , and her twin sister at gunpoint before smith and rebello were killed by police .
nassau county police commissioner .
thomas dale said he had traveled to rebello 's tarrytown , n.y. , home to .
explain to rebello 's parents what happened .
earlier .
saturday , police announced that smith , 30 , was wanted on a parole .
violation related to a first-degree robbery conviction and had an arrest .
history dating back nearly 15 years .
the shooting came just days before the school 's commencement ceremonies , which are scheduled to take place sunday .
a university spokeswoman said saturday students will be handed white ribbons to wear in memory of rebello .
rebello .
was in the two-story home with her twin sister jessica , another woman .
and another man were when the smith , wearing a ski mask , walked into the .
house through an open front door , azzata said .
the intruder allowed the .
third unidentified woman to leave and collect money from an atm , and .
she called 911 .
two police officers arriving at the home encountered smith holding onto rebello .
smith , 30 , of hempstead , had a warrant put out for his arrest on april 25 .
victim