for north koreans , the annual arirang mass games was one of the most exciting events of the year .
but now , with dictator kim jong un shelving plans for 2015 due to lack of funds for lack of funds , people will have to look elsewhere for entertainment .
` it was billed as one of the biggest and most impressive performances in the world , ' explains photographer eric lafforgue who attended the last arirang mass games in 2013 .
` all over pyongyang you could see arirang adverts talking about the `` grand mass gymnastic and artistic performances '' which the regime said even the opening ceremony for the olympics could n't better .
' scroll down for video .
spectacular : the colourful arirang mass games started life in 1946 and were initiated by kim il sung .
kimilsungia : dancers carry symbols of the kim dynasty , in this case representations of the kimilsungia - a type of purple orchid .
choreography : the mass games involve 100,000 performers , all either doing gymnastics or dancing .
end of an era : kim jong un has said the mass games wo n't be held in 2015 - and possibly never again .
but the future of the event , which began in 1946 and was last held in 2013 , looks increasingly uncertain , with kim jong un 's regime seemingly set on shelving the arirang altogether .
designed to promote the workers party of korea , the armed forces and the kim dynasty , the arirang festival started life in 1946 and was , from the start , littered with regime iconography .
rising suns , which represent kim il sung , feature heavily in the costumes , as do guns which are a reference to sung passing ` the struggle ' on to his son kim jong il and grandson kim jong un .
flowers are a popular prop , with red representing workers and purple the kim dynasty .
unsurprisingly , many are kimilsungia , a type of purple orchid , and kimjongilia , a crimson begonia .
big day : the event was held at pyongyang 's main stadium and usually had a military flavour .
free pass : soldiers were given free tickets to the event as a reward for good behaviour .
celebration : the military personnel were