even though we are just a few days into fall , the traditional colours of autumn are already visible from space .
nasa today revealed these stunning images from its terra satellite capturing fall colors around the great lakes and new england .
the brown and orange shades are most pronounced in the upper peninsula of michigan , northern wisconsin , upstate new york , new hampshire , vermont , maine , and southern quebec and ontario .
the moderate resolution imaging spectroradiometer -lrb- modis -rrb- on nasa?s terra satellite captured this view of fall colors around the great lakes on sept. 26 , 2014 .
the changing of leaf color in temperate forests involves several causes and reactions , but the dominant factors are sunlight and heat .
as explained by the u.s. forest service , certain species of trees produce certain colors .
oaks generally turn red , brown , or russet ; hickories become golden bronze ; aspen and yellow-poplar turn golden .
maples differ by species .
red maple turns brilliant scarlet ; sugar maple , orange-red ; and black maple , yellow .
leaves of some trees , such as elms , simply become brown .
the changing of leaf color in temperate forests involves several causes and reactions , but the dominant factors are sunlight and heat .
since temperatures tend to drop sooner and sunlight fades faster at higher latitudes , the progression of fall color changes tends to move from north to south across north america from mid-september through mid-november .
in late summer and autumn , tree and plant leaves produce less chlorophyll , the green pigment that harvests sunlight for plants to convert water and carbon dioxide into sugars .
the subsidence of chlorophyll allows other chemical compounds in the leaves -- particularly carotenoids and flavonoids -- to emerge from the green shadow of summer .
the brown and orange shades are most pronounced in the upper peninsula of michigan , northern wisconsin , upstate new york , new hampshire , vermont , maine , and southern quebec and ontario .
you can also see faint traces of phytoplankton blooms in the lakes and offshore in the north atlantic .
nasa launched the earth observing system 's flagship satellite ` terra , ' named for earth , on december 18 , 1999 .
terra has been collecting data about earth