by .
rob preece .
shops are boarded up , the buildings look tatty and roads are littered with discarded mattresses , cupboards and wardrobes .
welcome to the side of stratford , east london , that olympic organisers would rather you did n't see .
london was awarded the 2012 games after the team behind the bid convinced officials that it would leave a lasting legacy for the regeneration of one of the capital 's poorest areas .
but these grim pictures , taken only a stone 's throw from the olympic park , reveal that more work is needed to turn around stratford 's fortunes .
discarded : mattresses and furniture line a pavement in stratford , where some residents are struggling to see how their area has benefited from the olympics .
tatty : a newsagent 's shop in stratford has its window boarded up .
damaging : this street has a view of the olympic stadium , but a crashed car has been abandoned on the pavement .
almost # 9.3 billion has been spent on the games - with three-quarters of it earmarked for regeneration projects - but some residents say it is hard to see where the money has gone .
the area has a new # 1.45 billion shopping mall , westfield , which has created 10,000 jobs and brought new waves of shoppers .
the athletes ' village is believed to have cost about # 1.1 billion to build , although it was sold to qatari developers last year for only # 557million .
but critics fear other parts of stratford have been forgotten .
julian cheyne , of the counter olympics network , a pressure group set up to hold london 2012 officials to account , said : ` you look at the old stratford centre and it is dwarfed by the new glistening westfield .
` westfield is a stark contrast to the town centre that 's for sure .
they have placed some turquoise sculptures in stratford , but that 's about it .
' the olympic ` orbit ' statue overlooks a building in need of refurbishment .
closed : a statue on the olympic park stands behind businesses with their shutters down .
the dour exterior of the old shopping centre is a world away form the bright westfield complex .
and the town 's high street