david cameron was facing a backlash within his own cabinet today after softening his opposition to a new european treaty he vetoed last month .
downing street confirmed that the work and pensions secretary iain duncan smith and northern ireland secretary owen paterson had both raised concerns at this morning 's weekly cabinet meeting about mr cameron 's apparent change of heart in brussels .
the prime minister was also attacked by labour leader ed miliband in the commons this afternoon after he made a statement to explain why he has given the green light to the eurozone countries using the european court of justice to police a new ` fiscal compact ' .
objections : minister iain duncan smith , left , who led previous tory rebellions over europe , today objected to david cameron 's apparent eu u-turn .
mocking mr cameron 's claim he vetoed last month 's treaty , mr miliband said : ` with this prime minister a veto is n't for life , it 's just for christmas .
' updating mps on the latest european council -lrb- eu -rrb- summit , the pm said the eurozone debt crisis was having ' a chilling effect ' on the uk economy .
and he told the commons : ' i went to the european council last december prepared to agree a treaty of all 27 countries , but only if there were proper safeguards for britain .
' i did not get those safeguards so i vetoed that treaty .
' labour mps scoffed with laughter as mr cameron continued : ` as a result , eurozone countries are now making separate arrangements outside the eu treaties for strengthening budgetary discipline , including ensuring there are much tougher rules on deficits .
' twenty-five of the 27 eu countries agreed yesterday 's brussels deal , with just britain and the czech republic failing to opt in .
distance : david cameron and nicolas sarkozy were close last year , bottom , but were some distance apart last night -lrb- top -rrb- .
but mr cameron said the uk would .
allow the institutions to be used to monitor the new rules , having .
previously said the european commission and the european court of .
justice could not have responsibility for monitoring deals agreed .
outside the full eu .
today , the prime minister