a british airways pilot threatened to kill himself by crashing a jumbo jet five years before the germanwings disaster in the french alps last week .
robert brown killed his wife in a horrific attack with a claw hammer , and the next day he considered deliberately crashing his boeing 747 in order to ` make a statement ' .
now his victim 's family say they fear that airlines have not learned from the case and are not making enough effort to assess whether pilots are genuinely fit to fly .
scroll down for video .
parallels : robert brown , left , threatened to crash a plane full of passengers just like andreas lubitz , right .
victim : brown killed his estranged wife joanna , pictured , by repeatedly hitting her with a claw hammer .
brown 's case has chilling parallels to that of andreas lubitz , who last week flew a plane into the alps , killing 150 people , after suffering from depression .
he had told ba that he was suffering from stress as a result of his divorce from wife joanna , and consulted his gp about his illness , but carried on working anyway .
in october 2010 , brown argued with his wife while dropping off their two children at her home in ascot , berkshire , and hit her 14 times with a claw hammer .
he then buried her body in windsor great park - but he told his murder trial that he had considered crashing a plane the next day after being harassed by joanna 's lawyers .
' i thought something needs to be done , ' brown said .
' i thought i want to fly one last time and crash the aircraft .
i wanted them to be held accountable .
' i thought if i got to work i could crash an aircraft , or fly to lagos and crash it there or hang myself in the hotel room .
i wanted to make a statement .
' sporty : brown , a british airways pilot , is pictured on a long-distance run in ba-branded kit .
warning : joanna 's mother diana parkes , right , says airlines should have learned from the case .
instead , he called in sick and another pilot stepped in to fly the ba jumbo jet