the future of radamel falcao is set to be decided by manchester united in april , with the striker reaffirming his desire to stay in england .
last summer 's loan signing from monaco has found life tough in england - scoring just three premier league goals in 12 appearances - but he has bedded himself into louis van gaal 's side in recent weeks .
that has served as encouragement for a club shelling out # 265,000 a week on the colombian and means they are now more receptive to a permanent deal than before .
radamel falcao wants to remain at manchester united beyond his loan spell at the end of the season .
the colombian has started to add consistency to his game for the red devils after a tricky start .
manager louis van gaal must decide whether the club should splash out on falcao in the summer .
it would still cost united around # 43million to sign falcao from the ligue 1 side at the end of the season .
that 's something which the 28-year-old is desperate to happen .
` i 'm good , ' falcao told manutd.com .
` my family are comfortable .
we 're enjoying life in manchester and here at the club .
the people have been great with me , with my family .
we 're happy and very grateful .
` right from the start , they -lsb- my colleagues -rsb- welcomed me .
they supported me and helped me with whatever i needed .
they are a really humble group of players , really decent and , well , i was taken aback by how kind they 've been .
' falcao celebrates scoring for united against stoke city at the britannia stadium on new year 's day .
the striker is now improving up front alongside robin van persie -lrb- right -rrb- and wayne rooney .
falcao has n't been prolific but has scored two important goals in the recent draws against aston villa and stoke city , with united supporters treated to an archetypal south american celebration .
' i place a lot of value in the hard work that i have to put in for each goal and i know just how much effort it requires , so that 's why i celebrate like that , ' he explained .
` for