by .
mark duell .
published : .
03:24 est , 19 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:24 est , 19 april 2013 .
financier : mark hawtin , who is hoping to add ti his property in notting hill , west london , is a director at investment management firm gam .
a wealthy financier 's plan to build a huge extension for a gym and kitchen in his # 8million home by digging under a public road have been rejected after a campaign by neighbours including ruby wax .
mark hawtin wanted to add a second basement level to his five-storey house in notting hill , west london , by digging 5ft 9in out below a road - but neighbours called it an ` unauthorised land grab ' .
boris johnson 's sister rachel joined u.s. comedian miss wax in protesting at the expansion and 25 residents signed a petition for the council to reject the application , reported the evening standard .
neighbours feared it could cause .
flooding and that construction work would blight the area for months - .
and a planning committee turned down the proposals because of .
` inappropriate ' designs .
but .
this was in reference to the basement 's upper floor , which has led .
residents to raise concerns that a renewed bid from 50-year-old mr .
hawtin is still possible , reported the evening standard .
ms .
johnson said she was ` very pleased ' and that the planning committee .
` refused the application on the grounds that they could refuse it on , .
but not on a lot of the other objections that were raised ' .
solicitor .
james mackay , 51 , spoke against the plans at a meeting on tuesday , and .
told the evening standard that the residents are concerned about where .
building under roads ` could all end ' .
plans : mark hawtin wanted to add a second basement level to his five-storey house -lrb- pictured -rrb- in notting hill , west london , by digging 5ft 9in out below a road - but neighbours called it an ` unauthorised land grab ' objecting : neighbours to mr hawtin in notting hill include comedian ruby wax -lrb- left -rrb- and rachel johnson -lrb- right -rrb- .
stella reed , 67 , who