a texas mother was arrested after she was caught on video pulling a gun on a teenage girl who was fighting her daughter in a public park .
two female students from pasadena high school in houston confronted each other tuesday afternoon , when one of the girls ' mothers , virianda alvarez , showed up armed with a handgun .
according to school officials , ms alvarez , 33 , aimed the gun at her daughter 's rival and threatened her .
scroll down for video .
bringing a gun to a fistfight : virianda alvarez -lrb- left -rrb- , 33 , of houston , was charged with aggravated assault after she was caught on video holding a gun to the head of 14-year-old victoria myers during a fight -lrb- right -rrb- .
packing heat : a cellphone video shows ms alvarez , dressed in a pink t-shirt , brandishing a black handgun .
an armed officer with the pasadena independent school district showed up a short time later and broke up the fight .
virianda alvarez was arrested tuesday night and charged with aggravated assault .
she is being held on $ 35,000 bond .
during her first court appearance , alvarez told a judge that she just wanted to ` scare ' her daughter 's rival with the gun , and her family later told the station kprc2 that the weapon was not loaded .
the violent brawl broke out in the park across the street from pasadena high school after class tuesday , drawing a large crowd of spectators .
victoria myers , 14 , told the station khou she got into a dispute with virianda alvarez 's daughter over a boy , and then the girl 's friends challenged her to show up for a fight .
mean girls : victoria alvarez -lrb- pictured in teal sweatshirt -rrb- got into a dispute with virianda alvarez 's daughter over a boy , and the girl 's friends challenged her to a fight tuesday after school .
footage from the fight shows the two classmates pummeling one another and pulling each other 's hair .
myers said she had no idea that her classmate 's mother came to the park armed with a gun until she saw a friend 's cell phone video , which captured the moment ms alvarez allegedly pointed the handgun at her head