novak djokovic gives the thumbs up at indian wells .
novak djokovic progressed to the fourth round of the bnp paribas open at indian wells with a comfortable 7-5 6-3 victory over albert ramos-vinolas .
the world no 1 rarely looked troubled as he put together a straight sets triumph over spaniard ramos-vinolas , who is yet to win an atp tour title .
djokovic , who would collect a 50th career gong should he defend his championship in the coachella valley , must now challenge home favourite john isner for a place in the quarter-finals .
the big-serving american fired down 18 aces as he found his way past kevin anderson 7-6 -lrb- 8/6 -rrb- 6-2 in a touch under one hour and 20 minutes .
fourth and fifth seeds andy murray and kei nishikori are safely through after overcoming philipp kohlschreiber and fernando verdasco respectively .
murray took a first set in 25 minutes but in the end needed the best part of two hours to overcome kohlschreiber 6-1 3-6 6-1 while japan 's nishikori recovered from an early wobble to edge out verdasco 6-7 -lrb- 6/8 -rrb- 6-1 6-4 .
awaiting murray is adrian mannarino following the frenchman 's 6-4 6-4 triumph over ernests gulbis and nishikori 's next opponent is feliciano lopez .
djokovic rarely looked troubled as he beat albert ramos-vinolas in straight sets .
ramos-vinolas of spain hits a backhand return against djokovic but was unable to break the world no 1 .
jelena djokovic , wife of the serbia star , watches on during his match in california .
the 12th seed from spain was kept busy until the small hours but eventually completed a 6-2 4-6 6-3 victory over pablo cuevas of uruguay .
also progressing in california were bernard tomic - the 7-5 6-4 conqueror of eighth seed david ferrer - and surprise package thanasi kokkinakis .
australia 's world no 124 went the distance in a meeting with the experienced juan monaco that the 18-year-old won 6-2 5-7 7-6 -lrb- 7/5 -rrb- in nearly two hours and 47 minutes .
in the women 's draw , second seed maria sharapova battled her way past fierce rival victoria azarenka to reach the last 16 .
the russian was inferior on her percentages throughout a bruising encounter between two multiple grand slam champions but nevertheless it was azarenka who found herself saving