if you thought ` selfies ' were just for publicity-hungry celebrities and attention-seekers then think again .
customers at lloyds will soon be able to set up an account or take out a credit card by sending a photo of themselves from their smartphone or tablet .
it must be accompanied by a photo of their passport or driving licence -- but if lloyds ' computer systems are satisfied that the ` selfie ' and passport photo match up , they will be passed to an employee .
one , two , three ... pout !
customers at lloyds will soon be able to set up an account or take out a credit card by sending a selfie from their smartphone or tablet accompanied by a snap of their passport .
once double checked , customers will receive an email within 15 minutes to say if the application has been approved .
lloyds claims this will help hundreds of thousands of customers , as roughly one in three are currently asked to bring in identification documents when applying online to open a bank account or credit card .
these are typically new customers , foreigners who have just arrived in the uk , and young people - who may not be on the electoral roll , or have too little information stored on them by credit reference agencies to verify their id .
the new electronic identification and verification checks will be introduced next week for existing customers wanting to set up a joint account .
the service will then be opened for all applications for current accounts , savings accounts and credit cards offered by lloyds bank , halifax and bank of scotland by the summer .
but while it may make life easier for many customers , it comes as all the high street lenders are closing hundreds of branches to slash costs .
no match for the human touch ?
while it may make life easier for many customers , the selfie service comes as all the high street lenders are closing hundreds of branches to slash costs .
derek french , director of the campaign for community banking services , said : .
` this is part of a general trend .
banks are pushing and pushing their customers to go online , but there is a large section of the population - particularly the elderly