while tj oshie steals headlines for emerging from the ranks to lead team usa hockey to victory over almighty team russia on saturday , it 's his gorgeous fiancee who 's now stealing hearts .
even at eight months pregnant , lauren cosgrove managed to remain the picture of blonde beauty as she cheered on the 27-year-old st. louis blues forward , but the intense game-winning shootoout nearly proved to be too much .
' i might go into labor , ' joked cosgrove , as she watched the breathtaking display from home in missouri .
scroll down for video ... who 's luckier ?
stunning blonde lauren cosgrove -lrb- left -rrb- is the fiancee of overnight usa hockey hero tj oshie -lrb- right -rrb- .
shocking upset : usa forward t.j. oshie , who normally plays for the st. louis blues , reacts after scoring the winning goal against russia goaltender sergei bobrovski on saturday .
back at home , eight months pregnant fiancee cosgrove could n't have been more thrilled .
cosgrove told ksdk that she 's accustomed to her fiancee 's prowess and that , despite all the excitement , it 's no surprise he 's rocketed to overnight superstardom .
` he 's been a hearthrob for a while , here in st. louis at least , ' said the pert , smiling cosgrove , who stayed behind because of her looming due date .
nonetheless , minnesota raised oshie barely made it to the olympics .
he was among the final selections for the u.s. roster and while he has never had a 20-goal nhl season , oshie leads the olympic team 's american-born players with seven shootout goals this year .
oshie scored four times in the shootout and put the winner between the russian goalie 's legs in the eighth round , leading the united states past russia 3-2 in the thrilling revival of the classic olympic hockey rivalry stretching back to the usa 's 1980 miracle on ice win .
so , it may have been his small fish attitude less than his underdog status that made oshie 's game winning shoot out goal so unexpected .
just ask cosgrove what he said when he called her after the game .
' i hope this all blows over pretty quick , ' cosgrove recalls oshie saying about the media frenzy currently encircling