by .
hugo gye .
published : .
05:32 est , 22 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:32 est , 22 august 2013 .
a failed asylum seeker who came to britain unable to speak english has secured a place at oxford - but now worries that his whole family could be deported to afghanistan .
muhammad abdul ghani achieved outstanding grades in his a-levels after just two years of living in the country .
however , since his family 's asylum request was rejected , he faces the prospect of being kicked out of britain .
success : muhammad abdul ghani has secured a place at oxford two years after moving to britain from syria .
muhammad , 18 , is of afghan descent but was born in iran and grew up in syria - which is now being torn apart in a brutal civil war .
in february 2011 , he came to britain with his mother zohra , 17-year-old brother ammar and sister fatema , seven .
the family settled in oldham , and muhammad started studying for his a-levels at oldham sixth form college .
despite the language barrier , he was quickly able to excel , especially in the sciences .
last week he received his a-level results , learning that he had achieved an a * in maths and a in chemistry and physics .
nightmare : the 18-year-old 's family faces being deported after their asylum claim was rejected .
` if this was two years ago i would have said getting these results was impossible , ' he said .
` it 's been really surprising .
' i did n't speak a word of english and it was really hard work , especially in the first year .
i found it difficult to understand the teachers , so i used to bring a tape recorder to all my lessons to play it back afterwards .
` my grades could 've been much better if i had better english but i 'm really pleased with them .
' he was awarded a place to study physics at wadham college , oxford , whose alumni include christopher wren , michael foot and rowan williams .
the family had applied to stay in britain , claiming that they would be in danger if forced to return to afghanistan or syria .