a park avenue-raised heroin addict who was last week charged with keeping high-powered explosives in her greenwich village apartment was already a suspect in a robbery .
morgan gliedman , 27 , was also already on probation for drug possession after a washington heights drug bust in february , when she was taken into police custody on saturday where she gave birth to a daughter named melody .
on february 17 , gliedman met a man at johnny 's bar in the village and went to his midtown apartment where she allegedly took off with a backpack containing his laptop , cellphone , wallet and credit cards , which she used to make purchases .
scroll down for video showing an hmtd explosion .
posh : gliedman attended one of new york 's premier prep schools and was raised on the exclusive park avenue .
gliedman has n't yet been charged in the theft , according to the new york post .
five days after the robbery , on february 22 , she and her harvard-graduate boyfriend , and father of her child , aaron greene were arrested for possession drugs and found with a .223 - caliber rifle , the post reported .
the couple were spotted with another woman in a car that was parked at west 176th street and haven avenue .
greene , 31 , was seen injecting heroin while one of the women snorted the drug , a criminal complaint said .
police officers found empty heroin bags on the floor , marijuana and a digital scale with heroin residue in one of the women 's handbags , according to the post , and greene admitted to having a gun .
' i have a. .
. rifle in the trunk , ' he told officers , according to the complaint .
` junkies ' : morgan gliedman , 27 , and aaron greene , 31 , are both admitted heroin addicts - even though gliedman was heavily pregnant when the explosives were found at their apartment , police say .
dangerous : the nypd bomb squad was called in to remove the explosive that was discovered in the couple greenwich village apartment .
he was sentenced to five months in .
jail .
gliedman was due to complete pre-trial probation for drug .
possession next week , but that case now could be reopened