david cameron is planning to retaliate against the eu 's shock bill for # 1.7 billion -- as even a french politician admitted the demand was ` madness ' .
the prime minister is said to be looking at ways to force brussels to backtrack on the huge payment , which it wants by december .
insiders say the ` nuclear option ' would be to block key measures the eurozone countries need to strengthen their ailing economies .
pierre lellouche , a former trade minister under nicolas sarkozy , condemned the decision to levy the bill against the uk 's growing economy , while france has seen unemployment soar .
new figures reveal the increased bill the uk faces , on top of the # 8billion-a-year it already pays , is higher than any other eu country , because its economy has been growing faster than expected .
france , germany and denmark are among those told they will get money back from brussels .
it came amid claims by a french former minister that the uk was being chastised for taking difficult measures to strengthen its economy -- while other countries were being effectively rewarded for poor financial decisions .
pierre lellouche , who was trade minister under president sarkozy , said : ` i think it 's ludicrous to actually go punish the one country that has suffered the reform .
' even though britain is not part of the eurozone , our agreement is required for any rule change by members of the single currency bloc .
experts said mr cameron could refuse to accede to calls by european commission president jean-claude juncker for eurozone regulations to be enshrined in eu treaties .
or he could decline to agree to tougher powers over member countries ' debt , tax and spending .
last night a number 10 spokesman said it was ` premature ' to speculate on specific measures .
the prime minister said on friday he would not pay the huge surcharge , saying it had not made it any easier to persuade the british people to stay in europe .
it emerged over the weekend , however , that he may agree to pay a lesser figure -- as much as the low hundreds of millions .
the uk is being asked to pay around # 1.7 billion in part because its economy has