by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
published : .
05:13 est , 15 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:04 est , 15 august 2013 .
the government has spent # 800million calling in consultants to do the work of staff made redundant with pay-offs worth almost # 300million .
the revelation sparked claims whitehall departments have ` let good people go ' before rehiring former civil servants on expensive , temporary contracts .
the spending also flies in the face of a ban on the use of external consultants as part of the government 's austerity programme .
revolving door : the government has spent almost # 300million laying off staff , and up to # 800million bringing in consultants .
the total pay-offs in 2012-13 to core staff at the 17 main central government departments was # 290 million , cabinet office figures show .
the data reveals the ministry of justice recorded a high of # 89 million in exit payments for staff in 2012-13 , followed by the department of work and pensions ' # 67 million .
but at the same time whitehall departments paid out # 505 million on consultants and short-term staff , listed as ` consultancy and contingent labour ' .
analysis by the times of the data placed the overall cost of consultants and temporary staff at nearer to # 800 million for the 17 main departments .
it includes private firms brought in to work on projects including hs2 , universal credit and the west coast main line railway , plus more than # 328 million on ` off-payroll ' staff .
grip : tory mp priti patel said ministers had to do more to control spending .
tory mp priti patel told the times : witham , said : ` ministers need to get a grip on consultancy and temporary staff costs .
` paying for these services should be the exception rather than the rule and whitehall must restructure itself to bring these costs down .
' bernard jenkin , the tory chairman of the public administration select committee , added : ` we have let good people go as part of the downsizing - but how many of these consultants are ex-civil servants ?
' in august 2012 francis maude , minister for the cabinet office , claimed the last government used