zinedine zidane 's eldest son , enzo , made his debut for real madrid 's b side during their 2-1 victory at home to conquense on sunday - with his father helping lead the team from the touchline .
real castilla assistant boss zidane sent his progeny on with just two minutes left of the match on sunday .
the 19-year-old midfielder failed to score in his extremely short cameo appearance but is expected to become more involved with first-team affairs at the segunda b - or spanish third division - side in the coming weeks .
enzo zidane -lrb- right , pictured in march -rrb- , son of zinedine , made his debut for real madrid castilla on sunday .
zinedine zidane is the assistant coach of real madrid 's castilla side and sent his son on as a substitute .
zinedine zidane -lrb- left -rrb- , playing for real madrid back in 2006 , and his son enzo , for their youth side in march .
despite only being on the pitch for a matter of minutes , enzo managed to pull off an impressive ` roulette ' trick .
unsurprisingly , enzo has been courted by both france and spain as they look to secure him for their national set-ups .
having already played for the spanish under 15 side , the young midfielder was called to france to undertake medical tests with their under 19 team and has since decided to represent the country of his birth .
he was named after enzo francescoli , who made 73 appearances for uruguay and scored 17 goals , as well as playing for french side marseille .
the youngster , who has elected to play for the france under-19 side , came on in the 88th minute .
enzo zidane -lrb- centre -rrb- had represented spain at under-15 level but has now switched allegiance to france .
zidane 's two younger sons , theo and eliza , are also being groomed by real madrid 's academy and their father hopes they will make it into the squad in the future too .
enzo is renowned for his trickery and below is a vine showing him performing outrageous skills during the real youth side 's match with sevilla in june .
zidane snr has been reported by the spanish national football coach education centre for his lack of coaching