ole gunnar solskjaer has left cardiff city by mutual consent , bringing an end to a hugely underwhelming eight-month spell at the club for the norwegian .
the final straw , on the back of last season 's relegation , was tuesday 's 1-0 home defeat against middlesbrough , which left cardiff 17th in the championship .
solskjaer was called to london on wednesday morning for lengthy talks with chairman mehmet dalman who , on the instruction of absent owner vincent tan , opened discussions on terms for the 41-year-old 's exit .
ole gunnar solskjaer has left cardiff city after a disappointing spell that lasted just eight months .
cardiff owner vincent tan instructed chairman mehmet dalman to hold exit talks with the norwegian .
during the course of those conversations , it was put to solskjaer that the club wanted to head in a new direction , with the former manchester united striker admitting on thursday : ` our difference in philosophy on how to manage the club made me decide to step aside .
' a prominent club source is adamant that tan and other senior figures were not seeking to influence team selection .
solskjaer 's exit comes on the same day dundee said their manager paul hartley , cardiff 's leading target , was staying at the club .
and tony pulis , who was attending an event at one of tan 's hotels in malaysia , also indicated to a tv reporter that he would prefer a job in the premier league .
he added that he has not been approached by cardiff .
solskjaer said : ' i want to thank vincent for giving me the opportunity to manage cardiff city fc .
he has my full respect and i really wish him all the best in his pursuit of making this football club successful .
` however , our difference in philosophy on how to manage the club made me decide to step aside and allow the club to move forward in the direction vincent wants .
' i leave the club with some very talented players and want to thank them for their efforts and hope to see them challenge for promotion this season .
i also want to thank mehmet dalman for his continued and loyal support and feel i have gained a new friend .
' cardiff want to