by .
associated press .
and mailonline reporter .
former virginia gov bob mcdonnell took the witness stand this week in his official corruption trial .
pictured above arriving at the courthouse on friday , august 22 .
after former gov bob mcdonnell took the witness stand in his public corruption trial , a narrative worthy of a nighttime soap opera got even juicier .
mcdonnell currently faces charges he performed ` official acts ' to benefit star scientific ceo jonnie williams , a man who appears to have had an emotional affair with mcdonnell 's wife maureen .
more details of the high-profile couple 's relationship were revealed in court on friday , when the defense introduced mcdonnell 's melancholic letter to his ` soulmate , ' professing his love for her and gratitude for their life together , apologizing for his shortcomings , calling her out for hers , and begging her to work with him to save the marriage .
` i am lonely sometimes , ' mcdonnell wrote on labor day 2011 .
` i want to be in love , not just watch movies about it .
' he was not specific about his faults , but clear about hers : ` i am so spiritually and mentally exhausted from being yelled at .
i do n't think you realize how you are affecting me and sometimes others with your tongue .
' jurors and everyone following the story that has dominated front pages across virginia for four weeks had already heard how his wife , maureen , had turned the stately and seemingly serene executive mansion into a house of workplace horrors with her incessant yelling at employees .
they also heard how she sought the attentions of a slick vitamin entrepreneur while her husband was away or preoccupied with his job .
then the man once widely considered a possible running mate for republican presidential aspirant mitt romney told his story , laying bare the most intimate details of his personal life .
and there were other revelations from his testimony : he got in the habit of working late to avoid going home and dealing with his wife 's rage .
he moved out of the family home and into the rectory of a catholic church for the duration of the trial for much the same reason .
he had no idea