by .
lucy crossley .
bee species that were teetering on the verge of extinction in the uk have made a remarkable recovery , much to the delight of conservationists .
a project that began as an attempt to re-introduce one species of extinct bee to britain has sparked a comeback by five more varieties whose numbers had dwindled alarmingly in recent decades .
conservationists say the speed of their recovery suggests that the bees can in fact cope with some pesticide use by farmers , if they have wild flowers to feed on and a place to live .
thriving : a project to reintroduce the short-haired bumblebee to britain has sparked a comeback by five more bee varieties .
dr nikki gammans , of the short-haired bumblebee project , said : ` it 's not a doom and gloom scenario .
we can actually reverse this trend .
' pesticides have been blamed for killing off many bumblebees , as has the loss of 97per cent of the uk 's wild flower meadows since the 1930s due to agricultural intensification and urbanisation .
bees are vital for the environment as they pollinate fruit and vegetable plants - making them worth # 560m a year to the uk economy .
seven of the country 's 25 bumblebee species are now considered threatened enough to be in the uk biodiversity action plan .
however , five of these , the brown-banded carder , moss carder , red-shanked carder , large garden and shrill carder , have been found in increasing numbers at the project in kent , which aimed to reintroduce short-haired bumblebee queens to the uk .
revival : several species of carder bee have been found in increasing numbers at the project base near dungeness , kent .
a-buzz : bees are vital for the environment as they pollinate fruit and vegetable plants - making them worth # 560m a year to the uk economy .
as a result of the scheme the endangered queens , which were brought to the uk from sweden , nested in the country this autumn for the first time in 25 years .
conservationists began the project in 2009 by encouraging wild flowers to grow on a 20-hectare plot near dungeness in kent .
they have now expanded this prime bee habitat across more than 800 hectares in kent and sussex .