andrew flintoff has been left out of lancashire 's squad for the natwest twenty20 blast roses match against yorkshire on friday .
the news capped a disappointing day for flintoff , who scored just 16 and took two wickets but leaked 39 runs in the second xi t20 defeat by leicestershire at arundel .
it was the first time in five years that the 36-year-old had featured for the county after last week signing a deal to play twenty20 cricket .
oops : andrew flintoff was bowled for 16 as he prepares for the twenty20 blast with lancashire seconds .
with the ball : flintoff took two for 39 against leicestershire at arundel on thursday morning .
flintoff took three wickets in a club .
game for st annes last saturday , but his inclusion in lancashire 's team .
for the semi-final of the second xi t20 competition was a step up in .
class .
however , he did not do enough to be selected in lancashire 's squad for friday 's roses match against yorkshire in the natwest t20 blast at old .
trafford .
despite .
one fumble in the field the former england all-rounder , noticeably .
fitter than when he ended his international career in 2009 , did not look .
out of place .
this ground , .
set amid the stunning backdrop of arundel castle in sussex , is a far cry from edgbaston , the scene of perhaps the .
lancastrian 's greatest england performance during the 2005 ashes .
at a stretch : the 36-year-old got through his four overs easily enough as he continues his comeback .
he .
may not be as quick as back then , but there was still a reminder of the .
flintoff of old when he bowled michael thornley in the fifth over .
he picked up a wicket late on too , leicestershire 's usman tariq caught in the deep .
flintoff .
then opened the batting alongside luis reece , scoring a run-a-ball 16 .
before he was bowled attempting to sweep left-arm spinner james sykes .
lancashire .
never really looked likely to chase down their target of 186 , .
leicestershire eventually winning by 29 runs to reach the final .
it had started so well : the all-rounder was scoring at a run a ball until he was