by .
harriet arkell .
published : .
03:24 est , 2 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:36 est , 2 october 2013 .
an unemployed mother of six who lives on benefits and has just moved into a # 150,000 four-bedroom council house has boasted on facebook about her taxypayer-funded lifestyle .
neither maggie flisher , 26 , nor her husband gavin , 31 , have worked since the birth of their first child in 2005 , and instead the couple collect around # 27,000 a year in benefits .
now mrs flisher , who claims that she is ` super-fertile ' which makes contraception impossible , has gloated shamelessly on the internet about ` haters ' who criticise her state-subsidised life .
enjoying a state-funded life : gavin and maggie flisher , who have moved into a new housing association house with lacieann , eight , -lrb- centre , rear -rrb- elektra , six , -lrb- far left -rrb- gavin jnr , five , -lrb- centre -rrb- , lilyrose , two , -lrb- right -rrb- and three-month-old twins paris nicola and martinjames -lrb- front left and right -rrb- , say their critics are simply envious .
she wrote that working was ' a mug 's game ' , adding : ` why work when i can legally take your hard-earned money and you ca n't say s *** to me ?
' in a series of provocative messages on the social networking site , mrs flisher , who says depression prevents her from getting a job , suggested those whom she said were ` jealous ' of her many benefits should do the same .
she said critics who wanted a bigger house should ask the government for one , suggesting that that was what they were there for , and said that she , who has n't worked since she was 21 , had had enough of working .
in another post , she boasted of enjoying a midweek night out at her local pub , saying : ` just been out and got steaming ... love spending all my money that you haters do n't ' , the sun reported .
and in another post , she boasted that what she was doing was perfectly legal , and suggested those who were outraged by it were simply envious .
the flishers have just