italy 's top football teams voted to give parma a 5million euro -lrb- # 3.7 m -rrb- emergency fund to help the club finish the season .
sixteen of the 20 clubs in serie a voted in favour of the measure on friday .
roma , napoli and sassuolo abstained , and only cesena voted against the move .
the measure means last-place parma should be able to play atalanta on sunday , after their previous two matches - at home with udinese and at genoa - were postponed indefinitely because the club could n't pay for basic services such as security and electricity .
parma have an illustrious history , however the club are in dire straits financially and could go out of business .
the gates at the stadium were locked as parma 's second match in a row was postponed last weekend .
a banner on the locked gates said the ennio tardini stadium was ` closed for robbery ' parma have been sold twice this season , players have not been paid in months and a bankruptcy hearing has been set for march 19 .
the club 's debts are estimated at nearly 100 million euros -lrb- # 72m -rrb- .
the emergency fund will come from money that clubs pay to the league for fines from crowd trouble and other violations .
after the league decision in milan , italian football federation president carlo tavecchio was traveling to parma to formally present the plan to the squad 's players .
the plan requires parma to play its next two matches before the bankruptcy hearing .
parma captain alessandro lucarelli and his club team-mates have not been paid since july .
earlier , italy 's tax police confiscated records related to parma from club headquarters and the league and federation offices .
also , former parma president tommaso ghirardi and former general director pietro leonardi were placed under investigation by judicial authorities for suspected bankruptcy fraud .
last month , giampietro manenti took over as parma 's new owner and president from the russian-cypriot conglomerate which had taken control in december from ghirardi .
agreeing to pay off the club 's debts , manenti paid a symbolic price of 1 euro -lrb- 0.72 p -rrb- for the club .
hernan crespo , now a youth team coach at the italian club , used to play for