two parents left their two toddlers in their locked car in freezing temperatures while they went to a wine tasting , police have said .
jennie chang , 46 , and christophe lucas , 41 , were arrested in washington d.c. on saturday afternoon after a passerby spotted the children inside their volvo and called 911 .
by the time police reached the vehicle , their two-year-old daughter was ` crying hysterically ' and her one-year-old brother had no socks or shoes on , according to the police report .
neither of the children were wearing hats or gloves , police said in the report .
fleeing : jennie chang , 46 , is seen running away from wjla reporters after appearing in court on monday .
she and her husband were arrested for allegedly leaving their two young children inside a car for an hour .
when they were found , temperatures outside plunged to 28 f -lrb- -2 c -rrb- , wjla reported .
their parents were found at an upscale wine bar , ris , about 400 feet away .
lucas told police that they had left an iphone inside the car so they could monitor the children .
he said that his wife had also been keeping an eye on the vehicle .
but the restaurant manager said the couple had been inside for around an hour .
chang and lucas were charged with two counts of attempted child neglect .
they spent saturday and sunday in jail before their initial appearance in d.c. superior court monday afternoon , according to the washington post .
upscale : they allegedly left their son and daughter in their parked volvo while they went for a wine tasting at ris in washington d.c. .
they told police officers they had left an iphone in the car to monitor the children .
a judge released them on their own recognizance but they are not allowed to contact their children before their next hearing , which will be held on february 18 .
they fled from wjla reporters after leaving the hearing and dodged reporters ' questions .
both children are currently in the custody of washington d.c. 's family services .
if convicted , the couple could each face $ 10,000 in fines and/or 10 years in prison .
see below for video .