by .
james chapman , kirsty walker and christian gysin .
published : .
17:55 est , 26 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
17:55 est , 26 september 2012 .
andrew mitchell and nick clegg have accepted thousands of pounds in donations from a company owned by an offshore firm in the tax haven of jersey .
the beleaguered conservative chief whip was given three donations totalling # 11,000 from brompton capital , the biggest corporate backer of the lib dems .
the company has handed mr clegg 's party # 777,000 since the general election in 2010 .
accepted donations : conservative chief whip andrew mitchell , left , was given three donation totalling # 11,000 from brompton capital , an offshore firm in the tax haven of jersey , which has handed nick clegg 's , right , party # 777,000 as the biggest corporate backer of the lib dems .
tycoon backer : rumi verjee , in brighton yesterday , is brompton capital 's chairman and said to be worth # 125m .
shares in the firm are owned by an offshore firm called integro nominees -lrb- jersey -rrb- ltd , which is based in the channel island tax haven .
brompton capital 's chairman is rumi verjee , a tycoon said to be worth # 125million , having founded domino 's pizza franchise in britain .
he now runs thomas goode , an exclusive china shop in mayfair .
mr verjee has been entertained by the deputy prime minister at chevening , his grace-and-favour country mansion , and was in the audience for mr clegg 's conference speech in brighton yesterday .
he repeatedly refused to respond to questions about why his company shareholdings were based in jersey , or why he had donated money to both the lib dems and a senior conservative .
while all the donations were properly declared and there is no suggestion of impropriety on the part of the mps or mr verjee , the revelations are potentially embarrassing for the lib dems and mr mitchell , who is fighting to save his job following claims he called downing street police officers ` f ****** plebs ' .
both parties in the coalition have made much of their determination to crack down on tax avoidance .
only this week , treasury chief secretary danny alexander told wealthy people