a dentist whose patient died after developing complications while getting 20 teeth pulled has been suspended until a comprehensive review .
the connecticut state dental commission voted 5-0 wednesday to suspend the license of dr. rashmi patel , who has offices in enfield and torrington , after finding that he did n't properly care for two patients , including the woman who died in february .
patel , 45 , of suffield , denied wrongdoing in both cases .
his license was temporarily suspended in april pending a final determination by the commission .
dentist rashmi patel has has his practicing license suspended pending a comprehensive review after finding he did n't properly care for two patients , including a woman who died in february while having 20 teeth removed .
sad story : mother-of-two judy gan , 64 , lost consciousness in the dentist chair while undergoing a complex procedure to have 20 teeth extracted at once .
she later died .
under the discipline , patel 's license will be suspended until he successfully undergoes a review of his practice by the american association of dental board , which may take several months .
he also will be permanently banned from performing conscious sedation , and he will be on probation for five years after the license suspension is lifted .
david tilles , a lawyer for the state department of public health , recommended that patel 's license be revoked , telling the commission that patel 's practice ` was and is a threat to the safety of his patients .
' patel declined to comment .
asked whether patel will appeal to state court , his lawyer , paul knag , said he and his client will be discussing their next steps .
hearing : dentist rashmi patel , center , sits with supporters at a hearing of the connecticut state dental commission in hartford , connecticut .
` based on the evidence , these charges should have been dismissed , ' knag told the commission .
` he did n't act in a reckless manner .
he acted based on what very distinguished experts thought was appropriate .
' the commission found that patel improperly cared for 64-year-old judith gan of ellington at his enfield office on february 17 , when he was to extract 20 teeth and perform six implants .
dr. rashmi patel