arrested : andrew kurt summers , pictured in his mug shot , allegedly made the death threats online .
a man has been charged after threatening to shoot mama june and her daughter lauryn ` pumpkin ' .
andrew kurt summers made the threats on june 's facebook page and has now been charged with making terroristic threats , police in mcintyre , georgia told tmz .
summer turned himself in on monday and has been released on a $ 15,000 bail .
honey boo boo and her family this week appeared to be putting their recent struggles behind them as they reunited to decorate the family home for the upcoming holiday .
with sugar bear newly returned to the family home , he and mama june organized the over-the-top preparations for what will surely be an awkward christmas .
despite the seasonal display , it 's hardly been a year to celebrate for honey boo boo and her family .
first the child star saw her parents split up , then her mother reportedly reunited with a sex offender former lover - leading to the cancellation of the family 's main bread winner - their reality show .
as they decorated their home , june appeared to be putting on a brave face as she faces the risk of losing custody of her children pending an investigation by child protective services .
victim : mama june , pictured , and one of her daughters were targeted by the death threats on facebook .
in october it emerged that she was dating convicted child molester mark mcdaniel .
her ex-boyfriend served 10 years in prison for molesting an eight-year-old girl .
june 's oldest daughter anna ` chickadee ' cardwell , now aged 20 , has said she was the victim .
anna was nowhere to be seen during the christmas event .
instead she is reportedly busy seeking solicitations for herself - selling a potion that she claims can prevent ebola .
chickadee is shilling ebola-blocking potions in her new role with the company young living essential oils .
target : lauryn ` pumpkin ' , pictured at the family home in georgia , was also allegedly threatened by summers .
in custody : andrew kurt summers , pictured in an older mug shot , turned himself into cops this week .
the company 's website described the curious