by .
harriet arkell .
published : .
11:50 est , 27 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
11:54 est , 27 january 2014 .
an iconic british manufacturing giant that dates back to 1887 has been sold to an american investor .
a majority share in bread and flour firm hovis , which is best known for its nostalgic advert featuring a boy pushing a bicycle up a hill , has been sold by cash-strapped premier foods to us investment firm the gores group for # 30million .
the move safeguard 's the future of the firm , which has spent the past six years selling off assets , but it is a blow to british manufacturing , which has lost several iconic brands to overseas investors recently .
scroll down for video .
hovis , the iconic british bread manufacturer dating back more than 125 years , has been sold to us investors .
in 2010 chocolate producer cadbury was sold to american giant kraft foods for # 12billion , and last year weetabix was sold to china 's state-owned bright foods for # 1.2 billion .
hovis ' previous parent firm , premier foods , which employs around 9,000 staff in the uk , has sold a 51 per cent stake in hovis to the americans , and will keep the rest .
despite having spent the past six years selling off assets , premier still has a pension deficit and debt pile of # 1.3 billion , but bosses there say the deal is good news for the business .
premier chief executive officer gavin darby said today : ` we believe it 's a win-win for both halves of our business .
they say the cash injection for hovis will be reinvested in its grocery brands including mr kipling cakes .
premier plans to invest about # 20million in a new line for snack pack cake slices at a factory in carlton , barnsley .
the two parties are locked into the venture for at least three years .
the iconic british bread brand is best known for its ridley scott-directed advertisement , boy on the bike .
hovis - the name comes from the latin ` hominis vis ' , meaning strength of a man , began in the late 1880s when richard smith found a way to cook bread with its