roy hodgson will name his first england squad since the world cup a week on thursday .
calum chambers should be in it .
even if he is only there for the ride , to train in an environment with established internationals , this outstanding young talent needs to get a feel of what is to come .
he does n't need to play and there is no pressure to cap him , but training with england 's elite can only benefit him .
arsene wenger has , quite rightly , formed a human shield around arsenal 's young central defender .
video scroll down to watch calum chambers take his bib off while doing keep-ups .
young gun : calum chambers impressed on his champions league debut against besiktas .
standing strong : calum chambers helped arsenal keep a clean sheet in their goalless draw in turkey .
standing tall : chambers -lrb- left -rrb- has a word with teammate laurent koscielny during the match .
but when you play like this , with composure and class , in a champions league qualifier against besiktas in istanbul , there is point trying to hide him away .
this was another special night .
at the age of 19 , the # 16m recruit from southampton has been arsenal 's best player in their opening two matches .
think about that for a moment .
in a team laced with talent , from the former barcelona forward alexis sanchez to jack wilshere to the match-winning midfielder aaron ramsey -lrb- sent off last night -rrb- , chambers has topped the lot .
he shows remarkable composure , reading the game like an old pro during a tasty and sometimes fiery battle with demba ba in the ataturk stadium .
the former chelsea striker thought he could pick on him , seeking him out in the opening minutes of this champions league qualifier .
chambers was more than ready for him .
it comes to something when chambers was pushing his more experienced team-mate laurent koscielny around , talking him into position when besiktas broke forward .
raising the ba : the arsenal youngster competes in the air with former chelsea striker demba ba .
protest : chambers -lrb- left -rrb- talks to serbian referee milorad mazic as demba ba -lrb- right -rrb- looks on .
there were shades of alan hansen