by .
anthony bond .
filling the sky with a mass of colour , these extraordinary pictures show hundreds of balloons taking off during a new world record attempt .
a total of 408 hot air balloons took off from a former nato base in chambley , france , in the hope of setting a new record for a mass take-off .
the balloonists are taking part in the lorraine mondial international hot air balloon festival , which is held at the chambley-bussieres aerodrome .
scroll down for video .
ambitious : the record attempt is being undertaken at the lorraine mondial international hot air balloon festival which is held at the chambley-bussieres aerodrome .
bright : filling the sky with a mass of colour , these extraordinary pictures show 408 hot air balloons taking part in a new mass take-off world record attempt in france .
attempt : the balloonists are attempting to beat a record which was set at the aerodrome on saturday when 343 hot air balloons took off .
hot : the balloons took off from chambley-bussieres in eastern france in glorious sunshine .
fun : balloonists from all over the world attended the festival , all with a variety of different balloons .
they were attempting to beat the previous record , which was only set on saturday at the same festival when 343 balloons successfully took to the air .
this broke the previous record of 329 balloons , set in 2009 .
the popular festival has been taking place in france since 1989 and attracts balloonists from around the world .
previous record attempts at the festival have been hampered by bad weather .
in 2011 , hundreds of balloonists had to postpone their attempt while poor conditions cleared .
hot air balloon festivals are held annually around the world every year .
ready to go : the balloons line up before their record attempt at the lorraine mondial air ballons an international air-balloon meeting .
colourful : the balloons stretch out as far as the eye can see before their record attempt .
exciting : the balloons gradually begin to take-off , with groups of people below watching the impressive spectacle .
world beaters : hundreds of balloons quickly fill the sky at the festival , which is held every two years .
popular : the lorraine mondial international hot air balloon