a 30-year-old princeton graduate , who allegedly shot dead his multimillionaire hedge-funder father , was upset that his weekly allowance had been cut back , according to published reports .
tommy gilbert jr , a former pupil of manhattan 's most prestigious private schools , was being questioned by police on monday after 70-year-old thomas gilbert sr , founder of $ 200 million hedge fund wainscott capital , was found with a gunshot wound to the head .
a source told the new york daily news that mr gilbert sr had cut back tommy 's weekly allowance to $ 300 and threatened to stop paying his rent .
gilbert jr lives in a one-bedroom apartment in chelsea where , according to listings , guarantors were accepted on the $ 2,400-a-month rent .
scroll down for video .
hedge fund founder thomas gilbert , 70 , -lrb- right -rrb- was allegedly shot in the head and killed by his son , princeton graduate tommy gilbert -lrb- left -rrb- after the father cut the 30-year-old 's allowance , according to published reports .
police remove a body bag from the luxury manhattan apartment building late on sunday where a multimillionaire hedge-funder was found with a gunshot wound to the head .
the nypd broke down the door of gilbert jr 's west 18th st ground-floor apartment -lrb- pictured -rrb- to arrest him on sunday .
according to published news reports , gilbert jr had his allowance cut back by his father who was paying his $ 2,400-a-month rent .
the ivy leaguer , who was a regular fixture at manhattan 's black-tie benefits with society beauties on his arm , reportedly slipped past the doorman and into his parents ' building shortly before the attack at 3.30 pm on sunday .
according to the new york post , gilbert jr went to his parents ' eighth-floor apartment and asked his mother to leave to get him a sandwich .
the father and son were discussing ` differences in their relationship ' , according to the wall street journal .
gilbert sr 's wife shelley , 67 , found her husband dead in the bedroom within minutes of the alleged attack and called 911 , police said .
according to a daily news report , he had the gun on his chest in an alleged attempt to make it look like suicide .