by .
leon watson .
published : .
07:43 est , 27 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:48 est , 27 february 2013 .
a job hunter has tasted sweet success in the employment market thanks to his unique cv made to look like a chocolate bar label .
nick begley , from new york , sent in his ` resume bar ' as an application for 12 jobs with his skills printed under the ` ingredients ' section of the wrapper .
the 32-year-old also replaced the nutritional information with boasts about his skills , including a 100 per cent daily value in qualities such as motivation , leadership and creativity and 110 per cent for his work ethic .
sweet : nick begley , of new york , landed the job using this chocolate bar cv .
nick begley sent in his ` resume bar ' as an application for 12 jobs with his skills printed under the ` ingredients ' section of the wrapper .
he sold himself on the bar as an ` experienced marketing professional ' with a serving size of ' 1 career ' and used the tagline ` credentials that will satisfy any organization 's appetite ' .
the labels were subsequently wrapped around 12 bars and sent off to prospective employers after he completed his mba at the university of central florida in 2009 .
this week , his friend , eli langer , posted a photo of the bar on reddit , where it has received more than 3,200 comments .
the approach has worked for mr begley twice in three months - one time to earn an internship and the other to secure a marketing job with leagueapps , a platform that connects adult recreational athletes .
mr begley told abc news : ` people are either going to love or hate it .
` my focus was to find an organisation that would embrace it , because if they were n't open to that kind of out-of-the-box thinking , that would n't be a company that i would fit in well with anyways .
' instead of waiting in line for a job , nick begley took matters into his own hands and created a unique cv .
mr begley had already found an organisation , the orlando magic basketball franchise , that embraced his creativity