police are investigating a string of suspected arson attacks on three melbourne catholic churches with links to paedophile priests .
emergency services were called to a fire at st mary 's catholic church in dandenong , at 2am on wednesday , and police are treating the blaze as suspicious .
the church is said to be the site of child sex attacks perpetrated by now-deceased convicted paedophile father kevin o'donnell .
police are investigating whether the blaze is connected to two separate suspicious blazes that were lit on monday at st james catholic church in brighton and st mary 's catholic church in st kilda , where paedophile priest ronald pickering served as minister .
emergency services were called to a fire at st mary 's catholic church in dandenong , at 2am on wednesday , and police are treating the blaze as suspicious .
firefighters extinguished blazes at the altar and storage room of st mary 's catholic church on foster street .
on wednesday , it took firefighters 90 minutes to extinguish blazes at the altar and storage room of st mary 's catholic church on foster street in dandenong .
father o'donnell - who was reportedly known by police as the ` two-a-day man ' - was jailed for 15 months in 1995 after he admitted to abusing 10 boys and two girls .
he is believed to have committed hundreds of sexual assaults against young girls and boys over the 50 years that he worked in victorian catholic churches , before he retired in 1992 .
he died in 1997 .
st mary 's catholic church in dandenong is said to be the site of child sex attacks perpetrated by now-deceased father kevin o'donnell .
at the dandenong church in 1958 father o'donnell allegedly molested a 15-year-old boy in the presbytery and went on to sexually abuse his brother , sister and friends , the age reported .
he presided over the church from 1958 to 1986 , before moving onto oakleigh .
on monday , heritage-listed st james catholic church in brighton was mostly destroyed by fire and st mary 's catholic church in st kilda was found with a small amount fire damage to a door .
bishop peter elliott told 3aw catholic churches would be increasing their security , and said he did not believe the fires were lit by sex abuse victims