by .
amanda williams .
the death of a british tourist in a vietnamese hotel room remains a mystery after local doctors blamed alcohol consumption but a british pathologist insists he had not drunk enough to kill him .
student nurse jake o'grady , 26 , was found in his hotel room while on a backpacking expedition in vietnam at the end of last year .
he had been travelling for just over a month with friends katie benefer and ciara desmond when he became unwell while celebrating the new year in the city of hanoi .
police later entered his room hong ngoc hotel and found his body in bed after his friends raised the alarm .
student nurse jake o'grady , 26 , was found dead in his hotel room while on a backpacking expedition in vietnam at the end of last year .
a post mortem examination was carried out by vietnamese doctors who found mr o'grady had died on january 1 from acute respiratory failure as a result of alcohol abuse , adding that there was a slight blood clot to the left of his forehead , suggesting violent contact with a hard object .
but home office pathologist dr alison armour was unable to confirm the cause of his death and said that the 212 microgrammes of alcohol in 100 millilitres of blood was not in the fatal range .
the legal limit for driving is 80mg .
no drugs were found and there was no suggestion of violence or suspicious circumstances surrounding his death .
the details emerged at an inquest in preston , held after mr o'grady 's body was flown back to the uk .
in .
a statement read to the court dr armour said : ` there is no evidence of natural disease to cause or accelerate .
death .
212mg of alcohol per 100ml of blood would cause a moderate degree .
of intoxication but is not within the fatal range which is nearly .
400mg .
in my opinion it is insufficient to cause this man 's death .
' i ca n't contribute this young man 's death to the abuse of alcohol .
death should be regarded as unascertained .
he had been travelling for just over a month with friends katie benefer and ciara desmond when he became unwell while celebrating the new year in