u2 frontman bono revealed today he has suffered from glaucoma for two decades - hence his permanent sunglasses .
many assumed the dark glasses worn by u2 frontman bono were a fashion statement .
but he has revealed the reason he dons shades is because he has suffered from glaucoma for years .
the star said he has suffered the eye condition -- which if left untreated can cause vision impairment and even blindness - for around two decades .
until now , people put the singer 's ever-present sunglasses -- which he even wore indoors -- were a rock star affectation .
but he explained during a recording of tonight 's graham norton show for bbc1 that they are to help with his vision problem .
glaucoma can make the eyes more sensitive to light , causing sufferers to use dark glasses to alleviate difficulties .
presenter mr norton asked whether the singer ever removes his shades , to which bono replied : ` this is a good place to explain to people that i 've had glaucoma for the last 20 years .
' i have good treatments and i am going to be fine .
' he added : ` you 're not going to get this out of your head now and you will be saying `` ah , poor old blind bono '' .
glaucoma is caused by a build-up of pressure in the eyeball when the fluid in the eye can not drain properly , which can damage the optic nerve .
if left untreated , it can lead to loss of peripheral vision and ultimately complete loss of sight .
early diagnosis can mean further sight deterioration can be prevented - with laser treatment , eye drops and surgery used to stop it worsening - but the damage to the optic nerve can not be undone .
several things increase the risk of developing glaucoma .
age : glaucoma becomes much more common as we get older .
it is uncommon below the age of 40 but this type of glaucoma affects one per cent of people aged over 40 .
about five per cent of people over the age of 65 have glaucoma .
race : if you are of african origin you are more at risk of glaucoma .
it is also more likely to develop at an earlier age and