it will sell low-cost unbranded food in cheap locations aimed at people ` on benefits ' and in poorly-paid jobs .
and , true to its founder 's philosophy of offering pared-back , no-frills service , eventually it wo n't even take cash .
easyjet entrepreneur stelios haji-ioannou has unveiled details for his first easyfoodstore budget supermarket -- his latest venture after bargain easyjet flights and windowless rooms at the easyhotel .
scroll down for video .
easyjet entrepreneur stelios haji-ioannou hopes the store -lrb- mock up teacher -rrb- will become the uk 's leading cashless supermarket .
he hopes it will eventually become the uk 's first cashless supermarket , suggesting it is cheaper to process card payments than to cash up every day and pay a security firm to bank it .
but the company admits that , in an effort to compete with discount chains such as aldi and lidl , staff wages will also be low-cost .
all goods will be unbranded ` with white labels ' and , with a mark-up far lower than local corner stores , will cost an average of 50p per item .
the easyfoodstore could become the country 's first cash-less supermarket .
customers would have to pay by debit or credit card or an oyster card-style system where they top-up a payment card online or at the post office .
the firm said cash was more expensive for the business to process , and ` the demise of benefits received by giro cheques means the vast majority of benefits recipients all have to have bank accounts ' and therefore will have cards .
more than half of all transactions in shops were made with cash last year , but is declining .
in terms of the total amounts of money taken , cash accounts for just a quarter .
but the british retail consortium said it was ` absolutely not true ' card payments were cheaper to process .
head of payments richard braham said : ` stores can negotiate on costs associated with cash but you ca n't negotiate on card costs .
' baked beans could cost under 20p , threatening to trigger a repeat of the price wars of the 1990s started by now-defunct kwik save , when own-label beans fell to 3p and bread to 7p .
sir stelios claims he was inspired to create