by .
hayley o'keeffe .
published : .
11:52 est , 26 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:55 est , 26 december 2013 .
traditional techniques are still sometimes better than modern machines as these glass blowers prove .
the skilled craftsmen brave the sweltering heat day in day out to make intricate glassware at dartington crystal in torrington , devon .
and the hot work pays off as high quality products from the factory sell to people all over the world .
scroll down for video .
artwork : a factory worker works with his glass blower at the dartington crystal factory in torrington , devon .
dartington crystal was first established in 1967 and soon became a leading name in the supply of household glassware .
over the past 45 years the company has honed its skills , to produce unique designs and styles of glassware using 3000-year-old glass blowing techniques .
the company was founded by the .
dartington hall trust which was set up to help regenerate rural areas .
through business , education and arts .
in .
the early 1960s the trust was worried about the lack of jobs for local .
people so they set up the glass-making factory as a solution to the .
problem .
the trust .
hired eskil vilhemson , a swedish glass manufacturer who bought a team of .
glass blowers from scandinavia , who taught the locals their trade .
heritage : dartington crystal was first established in 1967 and soon became a leading name in the supply of household glassware .
careful : a piece of molten glass is lowered onto a champagne glass , which will form the base of the beautifully finished design .
hot : a worker reaches into the furness to make glassware at dartington crystal in devon .
the products are sold all over the world .
danger : the skilled craftsmen brave extreme heat to mould the glassware using traditional techniques .
the factory opened and soon thrived with more and more locals involved .
it was at this time the company 's designer frank thrower created some of the most important glassware designs of the 20th century , many of which are still produced today .
today the company employs 150 staff and is a major employer in the area .
it 's the only working