modern life can be hectic and relentless , so everyone is on the hunt for simple ways to make every day a little calmer .
the man behind a new book promises to show you how to take back a little bit of peace , space and all-important calm in just a few simple steps .
the book , which is rather fittingly called calm , contains the simple tools , tricks and habits that he believes will change the rest your life .
a new book promises to show you how to take back a little bit of peace , space and all-important calm in just a few simple steps .
anxiety affects one in six people in the uk with am estimated 70 per cent of gp visits being due to stress-related issues .
according to author michael acton smith , we can do little things every single day to combat this .
his book combines extracts from neurological research with wisdom from history 's great thinkers and the real-life experiences of individuals across the globe .
from how you decorate your house to changing your computer password , femail has selected the best bits from calm to help you live a more successful life .
1 .
change your password , change your life how many times a day do you re-enter your computer password ?
having to change our passwords constantly is one of the exasperating necessities of office life .
but what if you were to reappropriate your password , using it instead as a modern-day mantra to help you ensure you remain mindful of whatever it is you most want to achieve ?
this could be bu!ldnewfri3ndships or save4skiing .
the joy of it is that you can alter it every month if you like .
it 's an opportunity to repeatedly hit your subconscious with a mindful reminder .
2 .
nature meditation sit in a quiet space .
imagine you are sat beneath a tree in the middle of a field or forest beneath a large , leafy tree with strong branches .
smell the rich soil and clean air .
listen to the wind rustling through the leaves and notice if you hear any birds or animals stirring within .
visualise the tree 's leaves , branches and trunk , then picture yourself reaching out to touch it .
feel the