an artist has cashed in on the recent vogue for dense facial fuzz and created the bearded year calendar in which a scruff appears to get longer with every successive month .
anna marinenko , from kiev , ukraine , has drawn 12 beards in various stages of growth , beginning with january 's designer stubble and finally ending in a full woodsman 's beard in december .
each stage is printed on transparent paper , making the fuzz seem bushier as the year goes on , and the pages are laid over each other .
scroll down for video .
an artist was inspired by the idea of growing facial hair to create her bearded year 2015 calendar .
ms marinenko , who is selling her bearded year calendars for # 40 on etsy.com , told femail that she decided to create a minimalistic simple calendar that she could print at home .
she said : ` the idea was to illustrate something that could change during the year .
a beard fits perfectly for this purpose .
` beards are really popular , many men grow one and many women like them .
' she admits to being a fan of the facial hair herself , adding , ` it 's natural and manly ' and ` pleasant to touch ' .
the designer said she did n't expect so much attention on the project and has been overwhelmed by the number of likes and shares online .
in 2014 we saw beard baubles and beard sculptures , now men can invest in a beard calendar .
thanks to being layered on transparent paper , the beard in anna marinenko 's calendar appears to grow .
the calendar consists of 12 transparent a4 layers for each month .
the beard graphics overlay each other , mimicking the effect of growth over the period of time .
for those who hoped 2014 had reached peak beard , this is evidence that we 're still obsessed with all things whiskery .
in december alone , a series of accessories just for beards were created including beard baubles and icicles designed to nestle among the bristles .
a san francisco-based father , isaiah webb , also became famous as incredibeard - the creator of weird and wonderful sculptures made from his impressive chest-length facial hair .
for more information on the