by .
steve nolan .
published : .
07:38 est , 17 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:13 est , 17 october 2013 .
the international monetary fund has appealed to the u.s government to manage its finances better following the eleventh hour deal struck by politicians to avoid a catastrophic debt default .
asian stock markets rallied after american leaders struck the deal to end a 16-day government shutdown and raise the country 's debt ceiling late last night .
with only hours to spare until the $ 16.7 trillion debt limit was reached , congress passed and sent a waiting president barack obama legislation to allow more borrowing and reopen government agencies .
warning : imf managing director christine lagarde , left , urged the american government to manage its long term finances better after an eleventh hour deal to avoid a u.s debt default was signed by president barack obama , right .
and while imf managing director christine lagarde welcomed the ` important and necessary ' deal , she called for a more stable approach to america 's long term finances .
in a statement , ms lagarde said : ` it will be essential to reduce .
uncertainty surrounding the conduct of fiscal policy by raising the debt .
limit in a more durable manner .
` we also continue to encourage the u.s. to approve a budget for 2014 and replace the sequester with gradually phased-in measures that would not harm the recovery , and to adopt a balanced and comprehensive medium-term fiscal plan .
' the deal only permits the treasury to borrow normally until february 7 and fund the government through january 15 next year .
calls : president obama called for the u.s to ` get out of the habit of governing by crisis ' following the deal .
the tokyo stock market , the region 's heavyweight , gained as much as 1.1 percent after news of the deal broke .
markets in china , hong kong and south korea also rebounded from losses .
china and japan , which each own more than $ 1 trillion of treasury securities , appealed earlier to washington for a quick settlement .
there was no indication whether either government had altered its debt holdings .
china 's official xinhua news agency had accused washington of jeopardizing other countries '