for 50 years the hartland carnival march has been accompanied by the sprightly sound of the town 's brass band .
but this year , for the very first time , the band will not be marching .
they have been stopped in their tracks by potholes .
concentrating on their instruments and reading music means they will not be able to pay attention to dodging holes in the road .
danger : councillor brian redwood pictured with the hartland town band in front of potholes in the road .
concern : the musicians say they could trip over the potholes while playing their instruments .
the town is already known by locals as a dangerous place to walk or cycle , but the musicians are even more concerned because they are unable to watch the road while reading music .
the band 's chairman charlie jeffrey has written to devon county council , saying that the roads are so bad they are pulling out of the hartland carnival scheduled for august 9 .
` hartland town band is one of the many organisations in this rural community which provides the glue which holds the community together , ' he wrote .
` this year is a centenary of the hartland carnival and the condition of the roads in the village itself has become too dangerous for our own visiting bands to be able to march safely .
' the band was originally founded before the first world war , and has marched in the parade every year since 1961 .
there are 25 members of the ensemble , many of them in their 70s and one as old as 89 .
anger : flugelhorn player rosalind toase , centre , is concerned that their instruments could be damaged .
action : the council has so far failed to fill in the potholes because it does not have enough money .
flugelhorn player rosalind toase , who has played with the band for 20 years , said the group had no choice but to cancel their plans .
` some of these potholes are so big you can see right through the tarmac to the earth below , ' she said .
` the problem is that we 're looking at our music the whole time so we ca n't see where we 're going .
we 're not aware