by .
kirk maltais .
charges were filed thursday in an investigation into an alleged swingers party last may that turned into a violent ruckus after an argument between the spouses of two denver police officers escalated into a full-blown altercation between the two cops , with punches thrown and a gun being drawn .
police say that officers steven sloan and jeremy ownbey , both members of the denver police department since 2006 , had gotten together , along with wives stephanie sloan and jamie ownbey , for an alleged swinger 's party on may 19 at the sloan 's home in aurora , colorado .
both officers were off-duty at the time .
all parties were drinking alcohol when an argument began between the sloans and the ownbeys .
the sloans asked the ownbeys to leave , but on their way out , jamie ownbey allegedly punched stephanie sloan .
steven , in defense of his wife , then punched jamie .
the two husbands then began to fight .
the altercation ended when steven sloan drew a handgun , prompting the ownbeys to leave .
jeremy ownbey later returned to the sloan 's house to talk to police , appearing visibly intoxicated and even admitting to police that he was drunk .
jamie ownbey -lrb- pictured left -rrb- and steven sloan -lrb- pictured right -rrb- , two of the four parties involved with the swinging party that ended with violence in denver , colorado .
no sobriety tests were performed on ownbey by the aurora police department , who responded to the scene at 11:30 pm that evening .
instead , officers drove ownbey and his vehicle back to his home .
on thursday , jeremy and jamie ownbey were both charged with two .
counts of misdemeanor child abuse .
jamie was charged misdemeanor assault .
and jeremy with trespassing .
the child abuse charges stem from the .
couple allegedly leaving their two small children alone at home while at the sloan 's residence for the party .
according to police , the officers also failed to ask jeremy who .
was watching his children while the party was taking place .
according to court documents obtained by kusa , the argument began when stephanie felt that jamie had been disrespectful at different points in the evening .
according to the documents , stephanie told