by .
paul revoir .
last updated at 7:02 pm on 24th january 2012 .
old favourite : figures show more than 90 per cent of tv watched in the uk last year was viewed live .
the british public 's appetite for conventional tv viewing appears to have levelled out at four hours a day , new figures have revealed .
the average viewing figure last year was four hours and two minutes a day via the traditional method of watching programmes , live or recorded , on a tv set .
this was exactly the same as the record high figures from 2010 , sparking suggestions that the steady growth in time spent watching the box has plateaued .
thinkbox predicted that traditional tv viewing levels would now ` stabilise after a sustained period of record growth ' - but accept that some of us may now be getting our fix via smartphone , laptop or tablet computer .
in addition , the increase in the number of adverts we are bombarded with has also slowed down .
according to research published by commercial tv marketing body thinkbox , viewers were subjected to 47 adverts a day last year , up by one per day from the previous year .
the rapid increase of viewing in recent years has been fuelled by more homes getting digital tv which offers increased choice , easy to use digital video recorders such as sky + and popular commercial hits downton abbey and x factor .
but the marketing body pointed out that the figures on levels of viewing , which are taken from audience measurement body barb , do not include the viewing of tv on lap-tops , smartphones and tablet computers , which is increasing rapidly .
the organisation said data suggested that there is an additional 1.2 per cent of viewing via other devices , on top of normal tv sets .
viewing figures from barb show that we 're each watching nearly 30 hours of tv a week and bbc1 remains a favourite .
the growth of satellite , cable and digital tv over the last 20 years .
the figures revealed 90.6 per cent of the tv watched in the uk during 2011 was watched live and 9.4 per cent was watched on time-shifted viewing , which includes technology such as bbc iplayer or sky + ,