testosterone .
by joe herbert .
-lrb- oup # 16.99 -rrb- .
testosterone does n't always get a good press .
everything that 's unpleasant about male behaviour has been ascribed to the effects of this much maligned hormone .
violence ?
it 's all testosterone 's fault .
sexual assault and rape ?
just blame testosterone .
yet , as joe herbert makes clear in his engaging whistlestop tour of the science surrounding it , testosterone is at the heart of human life .
` without our father 's testosterone , ' as he writes , ` none of us would exist .
' it has only one basic function -- to enable a male to reproduce , and for that it 's essential .
although this is the case and it 's impossible to think of ` maleness ' without testosterone , it 's also important for sexual behaviour in women .
the blood of an adult woman before menopause actually contains about five times more testosterone than oestrogen , the supposedly ` female ' hormone .
however , it 's as a metaphor for masculinity that testosterone is best known .
all that 's unpleasant about male behaviour is ascribed to testosterone , yet as joe herbert explains , testosterone is at the heart of human life .
it begins its influence in the womb as it helps to shape the distinctive characteristics of the male body .
this influence continues immediately after birth .
that three-month-old baby boy , sweetly smiling at you from his pram , may well have testosterone levels that rival his father 's .
we do n't know why but , starting two weeks after birth and lasting for four to six months , a little boy 's testes are producing testosterone in substantial amounts .
the hormone 's power then recedes , but returns -- and how !
-- in puberty .
post-puberty , testosterone drives the competition for females .
in the animal world , stags lock antlers , elephants enter the aggressive state known as musth and male rhinos go horn-to-horn .
even male giraffes , aroused by the hormone 's influence , flail at one another with their long necks .
elaborate colourings emerge in some species , designed to emphasise masculinity and attract female attention .
in guenon monkeys the scrotum turns bright blue .
they do