it roamed the countryside spreading death and terror -- a giant , ferocious hell-hound with flaming eyes and savage claws .
for centuries , the beast that came to be known as black shuck struck fear into the hearts of all who crossed its path .
just a single glimpse was enough to impart a fatal curse ; the briefest encounter sufficient to suck the life from any hapless victim .
discovery : these remains of a giant dog were found during a dig among the ruins of leiston abbey in suffolk .
is it him ?
the bones are believed to date back to the 16th century , when the legendary hell hound black shuck -lrb- pictured in an artist 's impression -rrb- was rumoured to roam east anglia .
they show the dog was a ` large male ' one thing , however , has always been .
absent from the many tales of the dog-like entity and its sinister .
appearances in the east of england flatlands : a single fact .
now that may be about to change with an answer to the question : did it exist only in folklore ... or was it flesh and blood ?
yesterday , .
500 years after black shuck first went on the prowl , archaeologists .
were examining the skeleton of a 7ft long dog unearthed in the remains .
of an ancient abbey .
it was .
discovered a few miles from two churches where black shuck is said to .
have killed worshippers during an almighty thunderstorm in august 1577 .
what 's .
more , it appears to have been buried in a shallow grave at precisely .
the same time as shuck is said to have been on the loose , primarily .
around suffolk and the east anglia region .
site : the bones were uncovered in a 20-inch deep unmarked grave among the ruins of leiston abbey -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
experts will subject the bones and surrounding material to 21st century dating techniques .
but .
first , the legend .
the beast 's most celebrated attack began at holy .
trinity church , blythburgh .
a clap of thunder burst open the church .
doors and a hairy black ` devil dog ' came snarling in .
it .
ran through the congregation , killing a man and boy