councils in england paid more than # 200,000 to teachers after they were attacked by their pupils .
teachers who have been attacked by their own pupils were handed more than # 200,000 in payouts last year .
there were 17 incidents in 2013 , which involved punching , biting and headbutting , and led to councils across the country paying teachers compensation .
the sun on sunday revealed a dorset teacher received # 43,000 after suffering injuries inflicted by a student .
one female teacher was handed # 3,000 after a pupil bit her on the head in croydon , south london .
another teacher received # 3,500 after being hit by glass that was thrown by a student .
the figures come after 16-year-old will cornick was jailed for life with a minimum of 20 years last week after stabbing to death 61-year-old mrs maguire at corpus christi catholic college in leeds in april .
christopher mcgovern , of the campaign for real education , told the sun on sunday : ` schools should be places of learning , not battlefields .
' the nasuwt teachers ' union , which records reports of attacks , says : ` staff are entitled to work in an environment free from violence and disruption and to appropriate access to training and support on behaviour matters .
' ` pupils are entitled to a safe and orderly learning environment , together with effective teaching and support , to assist them in achieving their full potential .
' numbers of students suspended for attacks in school have been rising for the past few years .
earlier this year , a 14-year-old boy attacked seven teachers in school in a terrifying rampage after he was told off for chewing gum .
schoolboy will cornick , 16 , pictured left , stabbed his 61-year-old teacher ann maguire , right , in the classroom .
the pupil headbutted one teacher up to 15 times , body-barged another and kicked out and punched others as they tried to calm him down , a court has heard .
he also picked up a chair and attempted to throw it across the classroom , emptied cupboards and upturned drawers from a desk .
the pupil , who has been allowed to stay at the school , also kicked a glass panel in the foyer .
staff at the school