by .
travelmail reporter .
a summer holiday may involve months of anticipation , but brits have revealed the precise moment they relax while abroad .
it takes travellers exactly three days to switch off and relax -- with the happiest point on a trip abroad pinpointed to the third day at 7.30 pm .
by this point , most holidaymakers say they have stopped thinking or worrying about work and still have plenty of days left ahead to enjoy , according to a survey by www.sunshine.co.uk .
and relax ... brits says it takes them three days to switch off while on holiday .
nearly 1,800 adults were questioned about their last week-long break in the past year .
the majority said they felt most relaxed on day three of their trip at 7.30 pm because they had had enough time to stop thinking about work -lrb- 42 per cent -rrb- .
the second most popular reason was that they still had enough of the holiday left to enjoy -lrb- 31 per cent -rrb- , followed by it being the most enjoyable day -lrb- 26 per cent -rrb- .
thirteen per cent of brits cited this point as their best time in the holiday as they had started to get a good tan , while nine per cent said they were pleased they still had holiday spending money left .
` magic moment ' : travellers said three days gave them enough time to switch off from work and enjoy their trip .
however , some 67 per cent of those taking part in the poll admitted to feeling ` extremely sad ' on the day that they had to return home from their holiday .
and 5 per cent of these even claiming to have become upset to the point of crying .
nearly half of the respondents claimed that their last holiday abroad had a positive effect on them once they had returned home .
when asked to explain this further , 37 per cent said they ` decided to work less/not stress as much ' and 26 per cent said they ` decided to get finances in order ' following a holiday .
sun worshippers : thirteen per cent of brits said day three was their favourite as they had achieved a good tan .
some 13 per cent said that the holiday had a positive