celebrity chef rick stein pioneered its revival , gordon ramsay is planning on opening his own and michelin-starred chef tom kerridge said his ` last meal on earth ' would be cod and chips from his local takeaway .
the humble british chippy is enjoying a revival as endorsement by celebrity chefs and upmarket restaurants make fish and chips fashionable again .
and the number of chippies in the uk had risen to 10,500 by last year , outnumbering both mcdonald 's -lrb- 1,200 -rrb- , and kfc -lrb- 840 -rrb- .
fish and chips from the tom kerridge 's hand & flowers pub and restaurant in marlow , buckinhamshire .
more than 2,000 new chippies have opened in the last decade , according to the national federation of fish friers -lrb- nfff -rrb- .
andrew crook , treasurer of nfff , said : ` it 's great to see such high profile people talking about fish and chips and it demonstrates how far the industry has come .
` we are seeing a change in the demographic of fish and chip shop owners as younger people are coming into the trade , all bringing new ideas .
' the industry has seen a major shift away from greasy corner-shops to well-organised , clean and professional establishments .
rick stein was an early adopter of the trend , opening a busy fish and chip bar in padstow , cornwall .
posh versions of the dish in gastro-pubs and restaurants has added to the affect , along with the current trend for simple and natural food .
rick stein was an early adopter , opening a busy fish and chip bar in padstow , cornwall , along with a number of fish-inspired restaurants and shops in the town .
gordon ramsay is getting in on the trend , with plans for a fish and chip restaurant in las vegas nevada , named ` gordon ramsay 's fish & chips ' in spring 2015 .
and in an interview with the mail on sunday masterchef star tom kerridge - who runs the two-michelin starred hand and flowers in marlow , buckinghamshire - said his last meal would be fish and chips from his boyhood chippy , danny dykes of linden , gloucestershire , washed down with a can of lilt .
celeb endorsement : both mr stein -lrb- left -rrb- and gordon