fiddling with tiny padlocks and trying to remember combinations could be a thing of the past for travellers .
a new digital lock has been launched , allowing tourists to lock and unlock their suitcase with a swipe of their iphone .
the egeetouch lock , from us company digipas , claims to offer a hassle-free alternative to normal locks and keys , offering increased security because you will need a specific smartphone or tablet to use it .
scroll down for video .
you can now open your luggage lock with your smartphone , removing the need to remember combinations .
the egeetouch uses nfc , a feature found on most smartphones , to open and close the mechanism .
the lock is battery operated which will last for three years , but it can also be charged via usb , and uses nfc -lrb- near field communications -rrb- to operate ; a feature that is compatible with most smartphones .
however , the product also comes with a pre-paired fob and sticker that is specific to that particular combination - working in a similar way to a lock and key .
it was decided to use nfc technology as , unlike bluetooth , there is no pairing code to input .
the package also includes a pre-paired fob should your phone not have nfc enabled .
the egeetouch smart lock will be able to be purchased in a variety of colours and designs .
the company 's website states : ` the world 's - first egeetouch smart luggage lock elevates your travel experience offering hassle free and improved security of luggage to accommodate increasing highly mobile worldwide travelers .
` this smart lock is embedded with state-of-art intelligent proximity access security technology to effectively eradicate disadvantages associated with traditional keyed and combination padlocks .
the new smart lock will provide relief to passengers who are prone to losing keys .
` the smart luggage lock is innovated for incredibly ease-of-use plus high security protection offering hassle-free and peace of mind experience to the frequent travelers and holiday makers which the traditional luggage locks are unable to match .
' the design has also been recognised in the tech for better world category at the 2015 ces innovation awards .
` we are truly honored and privileged to be named a winner of the prestigious ces innovation awards