a patient is being treated for suspected rabies in a northern ireland hospital .
the public health agency -lrb- pha -rrb- confirmed the person had recently travelled in an area affected by the disease .
they are being assessed in accordance with the ` national risk assessment protocol ' at the royal victoria hospital , belfast , the pha added .
a patient at the royal victoria hospital in belfast is being tested for suspected rabies .
lisa mcmurray died at the royal victoria hospital , belfast , in 2009 after contracting rabies while working in south africa .
` the patient is currently being treated in the royal victoria hospital , belfast , and is being tested for a number of diseases including rabies , ' said a spokeswoman .
the results of the ` complex ' series of tests are not expected to be known until early next week .
the pha refused to reveal any details about the patient , including their gender , age or their condition .
transmission is generally through the bite of an infected animal , usually dogs , but also cats , bats and other wildlife .
in the uk , the viral infection that attacks the brain and nervous system has been largely eliminated from the animal population .
the nhs website states infections are mostly picked up during travel abroad and are almost always fatal unless early treatment is received .
animal career lisa mcmurray died at the same belfast hospital in 2009 after contracting rabies .
it was thought she contracted the infection while working at an animal sanctuary in south africa .
ms mcmurray had told friends she had been injured while separating two fighting dogs .
today the pha said there was no increased risk to the wider community as a result of the latests possible case .
they stressed that a course of rabies vaccination could prevent infection .
rabies can spread to humans from infected animals through a bite , a scratch , or a lick to broken skin or the eye .
you may also be at risk if an animal spits in your face .
in very rare cases , rabies can be spread during an organ transplant .
once it enters the body , the rabies virus multiplies before spreading into nerve endings .
it then travels to the spinal cord and