england midfielder fabian delph returned to training on friday as he fights to return for some of aston villa 's christmas fixtures .
the 25-year-old dislocated his shoulder in october and was ruled out until the end of december .
delph , who has impressed since breaking into roy hodgson 's side this season , missed england 's recent euro 2016 qualifier against slovenia and the friendly against scotland as well as crucial barclays premier league games for villa .
fabian delph returned to aston villa training on friday after dislocating his shoulder in october .
the midfielder underwent surgery and manager paul lambert is pleased with his progress .
the 25-year-old made his england debut in september before being struck down with injury .
however , paul lambert revealed the yorkshireman is making good progress since having surgery and was able to make a tentative return to training this week .
the villa boss , also without key defenders ron vlaar and philippe senderos at the moment , said : ` fabian 's coming on , he trained with the team today -lrb- friday -rrb- .
` it 's non-contact at the minute but he 's doing really well .
` ron will maybe do a bit of training on saturday with the team , he 's more advanced than philippe .
he 's coming on .
i 'd like to think we can get into the new year with both of them back .
delph battles for the ball with xherdan shaqiri duing england 's euro 2016 qualifier with switzerland .
ron vlaar is also nearing a return to fitness and lambert hopes to have him available by the end of the year .
` that 's the target , though we ca n't put too much pressure on them .
and if things go well with philippe , maybe we can get him back by the end of the month .
` slowly but surely we 're starting to get guys back .
' lambert has taken stick from some supporters recently as villa show signs of heading for another flirt with relegation but he insists things are not as bad as many suggest .
ahead of sunday 's clash with leicester , he said : ` we 're sitting 12th at the moment , two points behind everton , who had a massive season last year