by .
rupert steiner .
published : .
18:31 est , 15 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
18:32 est , 15 october 2012 .
flamboyant property tycoons robert and vincent tchenguiz could sue the serious fraud office for # 100million following the collapse of britain 's biggest-ever fraud inquiry .
the brothers -- who were arrested as they prepared to stage a champagne party on their yacht in cannes -- were questioned as part of an investigation into the collapse of icelandic bank kaupthing .
however , the inquiry quickly became bogged down in legal disputes which exposed procedural blunders by sfo officials .
playboy lifestyle : property tycoon vincent tchenguiz -lrb- left -rrb- pictured with his sister lisa and brother robert .
yesterday , in a humiliating climbdown , the agency dropped its inquiry into robert , 52 , just four months after ending its case against his 55-year-old brother .
now robert is threatening to join vincent , who has issued a # 100million ` letter before action ' over compensation .
the claim would almost certainly break the agency , which faces questions over its future and ability to handle the most complex cases .
the brothers -- who are said to have had a combined wealth of # 4billion before the 2008 banking crisis -- are renowned for their playboy lifestyle .
as well as the # 30million london mansions , and offices adorned with damien hirst sculptures , there were dates with beautiful models and a place at the table alongside the movers and shakers of society .
they bought their first property -- a # 47,000 one-bedroom flat in london 's marble arch in 1979 -- after their father , the shah of iran 's former jeweller , gave them # 1million with which to go into business .
just six months later , they had sold it for # 73,000 .
before long , the brothers were major london landlords , renting out flats to students and tourists .
soon after , they founded their company , rotch .
the pair have continued to live a jet-set lifestyle .
in 2010 , despite reports that he lost # 1billion in just 24 hours in the collapse of the icelandic banks , robert had allegedly commissioned a 200ft yacht .
probe : the brothers - who were arrested as they prepared