by .
emma thomas .
published : .
01:30 est , 18 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:33 est , 18 december 2013 .
a vulnerable dementia patient filled his house with an estimated # 15,000 of unwanted reader 's digest books - in the hope that he 'd win a prize .
he bought anything and everything - from history volumes to noddy hardbacks - and hid them in every available corner of his home .
as he bought more books , he became more convinced he was moving up the ladder towards winning a reader 's digest prize .
books : catherine shilling 's father filled his house with # 15,000 of reader 's digest books to ` win a prize ' his daughter catherine shilling was shocked to learn the truth when he was taken ill and moved in to a care home .
she found his house , in inverness , crammed with books stuffed under cushions , stacked in wardrobes and behind cupboards .
he 'd also been targeted by more than 100 charities , and his underwear drawers were overflowing with their thank you letters .
mrs shilling has blasted the unscrupulous sales tactics of those who targeted her 89-year-old father and bombarded him with literature .
her mp , lib dem danny alexander has called more protection for the vulnerable from cold callers and mail order firms .
mrs shilling , 53 , has asked for her father , who lived in cradlehall , inverness , not to be named .
she believes he spent around # 20,000 altogether , the majority on books and some in response to appeals from more than 100 charities , as well as herbal supplements .
` he was actually running out of hiding places for all the books , ' said mrs shilling .
' i could not believe my eyes .
there was everything from countryside and animal books to noddy hardbacks .
' more than 127 charities were also in regular contact with and a paper trail suggests he gave away at least # 4,000 to good causes in recent years .
danny alexander mp , who is also chief secretary to the treasury , has now intervened to try and help the family recover some of the money and investigate the wider issue of how the vulnerable and elderly can