coffee chain caffe nero is to remove a poster from its branches that shows three men leering at a woman 's behind after customers complained it was sexist .
the large illustration depicts two of the men lifting their sunglasses to peer at the backside of a lone woman as she walks by .
bosses at caffe nero -- britain 's third largest coffee-house chain with 500 cafes -- say the image was supposed to ` portray italian culture ' .
but they now concede it may cause offence , and say it will be removed from all stores as soon as possible .
caffe nero plans to remove dozens of these ` sexist ' posters , which show three men ogling a woman in the street .
a caffe nero branch .
chiefs say they have removed the offending poster after complaints it was sexist .
teacher laura palmer , 32 , was visiting caffe nero in ashford , kent , with a group of new mothers when she spotted the print .
she said : ` i think it 's a really inappropriate image , which in my view promotes sexual discrimination and the sexualisation of women .
it has undertones which are almost creepy -- three guys standing by the side of the road in a pack with their eyes obviously drawn to the woman 's behind .
i decided to complain .
foaming with anger : it had been claimed the poster portrayed everyday italian life - instead it was accused of ` everyday sexism ' ` i was extremely shocked to be faced with such blatant leering at women .
it just is n't the sort of image nero should be promoting .
' writer laura bates , founder of the online everyday sexism project which records women 's real-life brushes with sexism , said it was only right that the chain was taking the matter seriously .
she said : ` some people will dismiss this as being a very minor issue , but behaviour like this is something that impacts on the lives of thousands of women and girls up and down the country .
being harassed in the street is n't a harmless compliment -- it can be scary , uncomfortable and have a real impact on women 's lives .
' however , tory mp alec shelbrooke said he could not