by .
michael zennie .
published : .
09:32 est , 14 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:28 est , 14 january 2013 .
a boy who shot his neo-nazi father in the head at age 10 has been found guilty of murder by a california judge .
joseph hall , now 12 , was convicted of killing jeff hall , 32 , despite arguments from defense lawyers .
that the child was beaten and kicked by his abusive father and that he was too young to understand what he was doing .
riverside superior court judge jean leonard found that joseph was legally responsible for the death , but opted for a lesser charge of second-degree murder - indicating that the killing was not premeditated as prosecutors had argued .
troubled : joseph hall was just 10 when he admitted to shooting his father in the head at point blank range while he slept .
neo-nazi : jeff hall , 32 , was a regional leader of the white supremacist group the national socialist movement - though prosecutors argue that had nothing to do with his murder .
prosecutors say the boy has a history of violent behavior - choking his teacher , stabbing his sister and clubbing his uncle - and that he planned the killing because he did n't like his father .
he will be sentenced on february 15 and could remain in custody until he is 23 - the maximum possible sentence for a juvenile his age .
joseph could be sent to a juvenile detention lockup or could spend the time in a private care facility that would provide treatment , therapy and schooling .
defense lawyers have argued for the latter sentence .
jeff hall was the regional leader of the national socialist movement , a neo-nazi group and was an outspoken white supremacist .
prosecutors have urged judge leonard to ignore hall 's racist affiliations - arguing that they have no bearing on the murder trial .
joseph 's younger sister bolstered the prosecution 's case last week by testifying that the boy plotted the shooting days in advance .
` this boy laid awake and thought about shooting his father .
he told investigators that he `` thought this thing between father and son had to end , '' ' riverside county deputy district attorney mike soccio said