with a # 4million mansion in picturesque swedish countryside , a 60ft pool and an exotic dancer girlfriend roughly half his age , life is good for sven-goran eriksson .
posing for sweden 's answer to hello !
magazine , the former england manager , 66 , showed off his ` dream house ' which he has just put on the market , giving a rare glimpse into his gilded lifestyle .
his flat-screen tv is so large it would make some of the footballers he once managed blush , while the pebble drive outside the 12-bedroom mansion has room for ten cars .
scroll down for video .
romance : sven-goran eriksson with former nightclub dancer girlfriend yaniseth bravo outside his # 4million mansion in picturesque swedish countryside .
at the table : eriksson at dinner with yaniseth , her son alcides , in the yellow top , and members of his family .
features : as well as the heated pool , the seven-acre estate boasts a gym , a private lake , a beach house with sauna , tennis courts and a garage big enough for four cars .
watching tv : he claims he was forced to put the mansion up for sale after losing # 10million through the actions of a financial adviser who was declared bankrupt .
as well as the heated pool , the .
seven-acre estate boasts a gym , a private lake , a beach house with .
sauna , tennis courts and a garage big enough for four cars .
add .
to that the fact that the swede now has his own italian wine range -- .
known simply as ` sven ' -- and you may feel he has done well out of life .
and .
this is just his holiday home where he spends two weeks a year .
in the .
words of the hotel porter who once delivered champagne to george best .
and found the footballer entertaining a scantily clad miss world on a .
bed covered in casino winnings : where did it all go wrong ?
in .
the expressen söndag magazine piece , eriksson -- who had high-profile .
affairs with nancy dell ' olio , ulrika jonsson and football association .
secretary faria alam , among others -- is pictured with former nightclub .
dancer girlfriend yaniseth bravo ,