police have launched an investigation into the senior nhs children 's brain doctor exposed last week by the mail on sunday for taking a cocktail of illegal drugs just before going on duty .
an hour after dr colin ferrie was filmed snorting cocaine with an acquaintance and taking the powerful sedative and date-rape drug ghb , the hospital where he works confirmed he was on call for his vulnerable young patients .
last night west yorkshire police said that the same officers who investigated shamed co-op bank boss the reverend paul flowers -- who has since been prosecuted for his drug use -- would be handling the inquiry .
dangerous habit : the damning text messages between dr ferrie and a friend , which date from may last year .
a spokesman said : ` west yorkshire police is now conducting an investigation into potential drugs offences following an article in a national sunday newspaper about a member of staff at leeds general infirmary .
' the mail on sunday has agreed to hand over its dossier of evidence to police .
the move comes as fresh testimony emerged that dr ferrie , a consultant paediatric neurologist and a leading expert on childhood epilepsy based at leeds general , has been a regular user of powerful illegal drugs , including dangerous and addictive class as , for some time .
following our shocking exposé last weekend , this paper was contacted by another drug-taking friend of the consultant about a night of debauchery last may during which dr ferrie consumed five different mind-altering substances .
as well as two powerful class a stimulants -- cocaine and crystal meth -- he also took party and date-rape drug ghb , the class b stimulant mephedrone -lrb- similar to ecstasy and often referred to as mcat -rrb- , and sniffed amyl nitrite or ` poppers ' .
` i was surprised by just how keen he was on taking chemicals but i knew he was a doctor so i guessed he must know what he was doing , ' said the man .
` now i think he needs help .
inquiry : dr colin ferrie has been suspended from his role at leeds general infirmary .
` that night he took cocaine , ghb , mcat , crystal meth and poppers and then drove home , saying he had work the