us officials are expected to stop prosecuting families of american hostages who communicate with kidnappers abroad or raise funds and pay ransoms .
a national counterterrorism center advisory group , ordered by the white house , is expected to recommend what would mark a radical shift in us hostage policy , abc news reported on sunday .
the nctc interviewed families of hostages , including the parents of journalist james foley , who was killed by islamic state fighters .
the family of a us contractor held by al-qaeda militants , warren weinstein -lrb- above -rrb- , confirmed they paid a ransom in an attempt to secure his release which was reported in the amount of $ 250,000 .
foley 's mother diane said that officials from president barack obama 's administration repeatedly told her family it was illegal to try to raise a ransom to free her son , and warned that her family could face prosecution for doing so .
the obama administration has denied making any such threats .
` there will be absolutely zero chance of any family member of an american held hostage overseas ever facing jail themselves , or even the threat of prosecution , for trying to free their loved ones , ' a senior official told abc news .
meanwhile , the family of us contractor warren weinstein , who was snatched by al-qaeda in pakistan in 2011 , confirmed it had paid a ransom to try to secure his release , which was in the amount of $ 250,000 , according to cbs news .
a spokesman for the family said it had ` made every effort to engage with those holding him or those with the power to find and rescue him .
' ` this is an ordinary american family and they are not familiar with how one manages a kidnapping , ' the spokesman added .
hostage james foley was killed by islamic state fighters .
his mother diane said that officials from president barack obama 's administration repeatedly told her family it was illegal to try to raise a ransom to free her son .
` as such , they took the advice of those in government who deal with such issues on a regular basis and were disappointed that their efforts were not ultimately successful .
' it was unclear what sort of advice the family