obesity is a ` slow-motion car crash ' which is threatening to bankrupt the nhs , according to its chief executive .
simon stevens said the problem is now more deadly than smoking and causing millions to suffer life-long illness and disability .
he also revealed that -- absurdly -- the nhs is spending far more on drastic weight loss surgery than trying to prevent the problem in the first place .
a quarter of adults and a fifth of children are now considered obese and the rates have almost doubled in 20 years .
the nhs is spending far more on drastic weight loss surgery than trying to prevent the problem in the first place , its chief executive , simon stevens , has revealed .
and figures show the nhs spends anywhere between # 5 billion and # 9 billion a year treating obese patients and related complications such as diabetes .
next month , mr stevens will publish a set of plans to tackle the problem which will see the nhs and private firms urged to do more to help staff lose weight .
doctors and nurses will be encouraged to be healthy role models for patients and hospitals told to ban junk food from canteens .
nhs trusts and private companies will also be urged to help staff lose weight by holding slimming classes , running clubs or just providing bike racks at work .
mr stevens , who took up post last april , said : ` obesity is the new smoking , and it represents a slow-motion car crash in terms of avoidable illness and rising health care costs .
` if as a nation we keep piling on the pounds around the waistline , we 'll be piling on the pounds in terms of future taxes needed just to keep the nhs afloat .
' addressing a conference hosted by public health england in coventry , he added : ` it 's bizarre that we are spending more nationally on bariatric surgery than we are on implementing at scale evidence-based programmes to prevent diabetes .
` if we are serious about this then between nhs england and public health england we are going to have to switch some of our investment - not having futile arguments about who is paying for what .
he added : ` there is a danger we are