act police have been left red-cheeked after their twitter account re-tweeted several pornographic photos .
the @actpolicing account followed up a series of messages about safely celebrating new years eve with by sharing a tweet by ` katie sanders ' .
her message said : ` one good thing about winter ... these boots !
#thonglessthursday ' and included three photos of a woman naked except for a pair of black furry boots .
act policing retweeted this unusual message to its 6700 followers .
` interesting retweet ' : many punters were confused and amused by the tweet .
it caused some confusion among act policing 's followers .
` oops - looks like someone in @actpolicing may have tweeted from the wrong account ?? , ' said @annebb .
police later deleted the nude photos from their feed and apologised .
` thanks to those who brought an untoward tweet to our attention , ' they said .
` not sure how it got on our page , but it 's deleted and our account is secure .
' there are more messages by katie sanders containing nude photos on the act policing 's favourited tweets page .
the act policing account drew praise earlier this month for its series of creative christmas tweets .
act police kicked off the festive tweet trend with this jingle about wearing seatbelts .
act issued a warning that double demerits are at risk if you break the rules of the road at christmas .
act police were on fire with their road safety versions of christmas songs .
' u better watch out , u better not fight , u better not drink if driving tonight cause act policing is gon na find out #sobegoodforgoodnesssake , ' it tweeted on december 19 .
` always wear a seatbelt when driving fa-la-la-lal-la , la-la-la-la , do n't drink if you 're partying , fa-la-la-la-la , la-la-la-la #christmas , ' the merry cops sang .
they continued spreading the christmas cheer into early last week .
` slow down , they told me parum pa pum pum , otherwise we 'll fine u , parum pa pump um , do n't say we did n't warn u , parum pa pum pum , rum pa pum pum .
'