in your social circles , there will likely be friends you love spending time with , those who calm you down , and others that you know are a bad influence .
and now an app can reveal exactly how these different people make you feel , including which friends you should cut out of your life for good .
called pplkpr , pronounced ` people keeper ' , it syncs with a heart rate monitor to track and log subtle changes in emotional state when you 're around these people .
scroll down for video .
the pplkpr app -lrb- right -rrb- syncs with a bluetooth heart rate monitor -lrb- left -rrb- to track emotions .
when the monitor spots a change in heart rate , the app alerts the user .
it asks the wearer to explain how they 're feeling and who they 're with , and over time , an algorithm learns the difference between the varying heart rates .
and in doing so , it can even tell you which friends could be damaging your health .
the free ios app was created by brooklyn-based artists kyle mcdonald and lauren mccarthy , and was recently tested on a group of students at carnegie mellon university .
pplkpr pairs up with any bluetooth-enabled heart rate monitor , although the students were given mio devices during the test .
from this list , the free ios app ranks friendships based on different emotions -lrb- left -rrb- .
the app can then reveal which friends should be avoided during times of stress , it can block people who make the wearer anxious -lrb- right -rrb- , or send text messages to people who make the wearer happy or calm .
using gps , the app also notifies wearers when they change locations , to ask if they 've just left , or are about to meet someone .
the measurements are based on a metric called ` heart rate variability ' -lrb- example pictured -rrb- , where subtle changes in heart rhythm signal changes in an emotional state .
this is fed into an algorithm .
called pplkpr , or people keeper , it syncs with a heart rate monitor to track subtle changes in emotional state .
pplkpr notifies the wearer when it detects heightened emotion , and asks them to report how they 're feeling .