it has been at the root of division and persecution for centuries , but it seems that the white skin of most modern europeans did not evolve in europe at all .
now genetic research has revealed that ancient european populations were dark skinned for far longer than had originally been thought .
rather than lightening as early humans migrated north from africa around 40,000 years ago due to lower levels of sunlight , these first homo sapiens retained their dark skin colour .
scroll down for video .
this graphic above shows the influx of genes to europe that brought lighter skin colour and taller body shapes , according to the new research on ancient human remains conducted by geneticists at harvard university .
genetic analysis has shown that hunter gatherers living in spain up to 8,500 years ago still had dark skin .
it was not until 7,800 years ago , when the first farmers migrated from the near east through turkey that two key genes that provide lighter skin appeared .
dna analysis obtained from ancient human remains has shown that as these farmers bred with the dark skinned hunter gatherers , one of these genes became prevalent in the european population and european 's skin colour began to lighten .
around 5,800 years ago the second gene , which makes skin colour lighter still , also began to spread though the european population .
the first europeans looked dramatically different to most of the fair skinned people that live there today .
new research suggests caucasians were a recent addition to the area , arriving on the continent 8,000 years ago .
europeans had dark skin for far longer than previously though .
photographed are two participants in the bbc 's trading races where members of the british public spent several days dressed with a different skin colour .
the research , which was presented at the 84th annual meeting of the american association of physical anthropologists , shows that populations in europe were still evolving until relatively recently .
it also shows that a population of hunter gatherers living on the site of motala , southern sweden , had already developed both skin-lightening genes around 7,700 years ago together with a third that gave them blue eyes .
dr iain mathieson , a geneticist at harvard university in massachusetts who led the work , said