by .
olivia fleming .
published : .
08:55 est , 18 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
13:07 est , 18 october 2012 .
sarah silverman 's father has attacked an orthodox rabbi who criticised his daughter 's life choices .
ronald silverman , 75 , called rabbi yaakov rosenblatt an ` a ** hole , ' and warned , ` do n't f**k with my family ' .
his angered response comes after rabbi rosenblatt published on open letter on jewishpress.com , which takes issue with the 42-year-old 's use of ` biblical language ' in her let my people vote campaign , and assaults her choice to focus on her career rather than have a family .
dad 's duty : sarah silverman 's father , donald , has attacked an orthodox rabbi who criticised his daughter 's life choices and the language she uses in her political campaigns .
rabbi rosenblatt , who has since been labelled a misogynist by commenters , wrote : ` you will soon turn 42 and your destiny , as you stated , will not .
include children .
you blame it on your depression , saying you do n't want .
to pass it on to another generation .
` surely you appreciate being alive and .
surely , if the wonder of your womb were afflicted with your weaknesses .
and blessed with your strengths , it would be happy to be alive , too .
he continued : ' i think , sarah , that marriage and childrearing are not in the cards for you because you ca n't focus on building life when you spend your days and nights tearing it down .
` take your false god , and shove god up your judgmental a ** ' ` that is why you have had trouble forging a permanent relationship -- the most basic desire of the feminine soul .
' he adds : ` nothing .
you say or stand for , sarah , from your sickening sexual proposal to a .
republican donor to your equally vulgar tweet to mitt romney , has the .
slightest thing to do with the most basic of tenets which judaism has .
taught the world -- that the monogamous relationship is the most .
meaningful one and that a happy marriage is the key to wholesomeness