by .
martin robinson .
published : .
05:21 est , 26 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
11:11 est , 26 june 2012 .
david cameron 's spin doctor helped his celebrity wife run an ` avoidance ' scheme that may have diverted thousands away from the tax man , it was claimed today .
craig oliver 's partner , bbc news presenter joanna gosling , could have pocketed an extra # 22,000 a year by being paid through a private company the pair set up , according to newspaper reports .
it comes just days after the prime minister declared comedian jimmy carr ` morally wrong ' for putting millions in an offshore tax dodging scheme .
but it appears one of his closest aides helped his wife to run a company for several years that may have reduced the tax she paid on her estimated # 150,000-a-year earnings .
claims : the daily mirror has said a business set up to handle bbc presenter joanna gosling 's pay was an ` avoidance ' scheme .
` it is total hypocrisy and craig oliver should stay out of downing street until it is sorted out , ' labour mp john mann told the mirror last night .
` the jimmy carr publicity stunt has clearly come back to haunt the prime minister .
' mr oliver , who is a former senior bbc executive , ran paya limited with ms gosling to handle her earnings .
he was paid # 2,999.97 to be secretary .
star : top presenter joanna gosling , pictured on bbc breakfast in a controversial short skirt , may have saved thousands by being paid through a company .
the tv presenter hit the headlines herself recently after wearing a short skirt to work on the bbc breakfast sofa .
classed as a ` tv and journalism ' company , they were helped by accountant nicholas ridge , who says he helps tv producers ` make sure their tax bills are kept as low as possible ' .
figures from companies house seen by mailonline show that around # 150,000 a year was funnelled into paya .
if ms gosling had earned the cash via paye she would have paid around # 52,000 a year in income tax and national insurance , according to the mirror .
but paying herself via a