she 's been photographed hundreds of times and starred in magazines and tv advertisements but you wo n't have seen her face - until now .
emily grimson , from shopshire , is one of britain 's most successful models yet it 's not her stunning face that 's her fortune - it 's her perfect hands .
and the 25-year-old has only been modelling for a year but has already built a lucrative full-time career making up to # 100 an hour .
professional model emily , 25 , from shropshire , gets paid # 100 an hour - but it 's unlikely you 've seen her face .
professional hand model emily , has appeared everywhere from television screens to magazine ads .
she 's on course to become a hand supermodel after her high-earning hands featured in product videos for bosch , adverts on the disney channel and advertorials in the sunday times style magazine .
not one to put her assets at risk , emily , a former beauty writer , moisturises her hands up to ten times a day to keep them looking their best .
emily said : ' i used to write the beauty pages for a bridal magazine but everyone would mention how lovely my hands are .
' i started hand modelling around about may last year and have been doing it full time since autumn .
` work can vary ; sometimes i work for one client for a couple of weeks , sometimes i do odd days here and there for various different brands and products - no week or month is the same .
' i love it , you can make anything from # 100 a day to # 100 an hour , and if you film a commercial , you may even be paid a buyout fee .
' the stunning brunette has only been modelling for a year but has already built a lucrative full-time career .
she moisturises her hands up to ten times a day to keep them looking their best .
she exfoliates them once a week and always wears a strengthener to keep her nails from snapping .
emily used to write the beauty pages for a magazine but everyone would mention how lovely her hands are .
emily , who is signed with bma models , was encouraged to give