by .
deni kirkova .
published : .
18:01 est , 21 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:36 est , 21 july 2013 .
despite the national obsession with cookery programmes , british cooks now spend just 38 minutes preparing the evening meal - down from an hour in 1980 and 100 minutes in 1960 .
what 's more , although nigella , jamie and hugh remain as popular as ever , a new survey looking at the national attitude to food found that more take inspiration from their parents ' culinary repertoire than from the efforts of tv super-chefs .
more than half of those questioned said that their family was their biggest source of gastronomic inspiration , possibly because for six in 10 , their parents also taught them how to cook .
time was less of a luxury in the 1960s , when one could spend more than an hour and a half cooking dinner .
the survey of 2,000 people found almost 60 per cent of women .
say they were inspired to start cooking by their parents , a third take ideas from .
their friends , one fifth from their grandparents and one in 20 are .
influenced by the recipes their children learn at school .
men .
seek their inspiration from other sources , with more than a third using .
recipes from cookery books , one in five taking mealtime inspiration from .
travelling abroad and almost one fifth -lrb- 17 per cent -rrb- attempting dishes .
they 've tried in restaurants .
but despite britain 's increasingly adventurous chefs , the sunday .
roast remains the nation 's favourite meal , with two .
thirds regularly reaching for the roasting tray .
curry also remains a popular choice although it was beaten into third place by spaghetti bolognese and was closely followed by another british .
classic - bangers and mash .
tulisa shared a picture of her evening meal on instagram in march .
but contemporary cooking is n't all about aping the older generation and tucking into classic dishes .
20 per cent said they not only share their dinner with friends but also with online acquaintances by posting .
pictures of food on instagram , facebook and twitter .
social networking at suppertime increases to 50 per cent in the 18-24 age bracket ,