grand canyon visitors are being forced to wait their turn at some of the national park 's drinking stations after thirsty elk figured out how to help themselves to water .
the crafty animals are surprising tourists by lifting spring-loaded levers with their noses to get a refreshing drink .
but the animals are being overly protective and have acted aggressively toward hikers , forcing grand canyon officials to take steps to elk-proof at least one water station .
water you doing ?
elk interact with visitors at the south kaibab water station at grand canyon national park .
after banning disposable plastic water bottles and installing water stations in an attempt to reduce waste , park officials are now experimenting with a cage around the spouts at one water station and will change the way it is turned on .
around a dozen of the filling stations are set up , but the elk favour one at south kaibab trail because it allows them to easily duck back into the woods .
the elk do n't always back down when visitors approach .
instead , they take a firm stance , particularly when protecting calves or during fall rutting season .
chief resource officer martha hahn said : ` they got a little aggressive about it .
they were pretty protective of that water and wanting to get it first .
' elk have figured out how to use the water stations by lifting spring-loaded levers with their noses .
flagstaff , arizona resident ian tong was hiking rim to rim at the canyon with three other people in 2012 when they saw an elk guarding the water station at south kaibab trail .
the elk tried to intimidate the group by making clicking sounds with its mouth and following them on either side of the filling station , he said .
tong said : ` it definitely was a `` go away '' kind of thing .
she was n't wanting to share .
' still , he said elk encounters are part of experiencing nature and he saw no problem with them at the watering stations .
park officials say elk have been guarding one water station and intimidating visitors who approach it .
there have been no reports of visitors being injured , but the elk have charged at wildlife biologists trying to disperse herds by