re-live all the drama here .
there was no transfer bombshell on deadline day at real madrid so cristiano ronaldo took it upon himself to send a few shockwaves through the club with a damning indictment of its transfer policy .
` if i was in charge , maybe i would have done things differently ' he said at the jarama racing circuit in madrid on monday fresh from a publicity shoot for watch makers tag heuer with jenson button .
what did he mean by ` doing things differently ' ?
did he mean he would not have allowed angel di maria -- real madrid 's top assist provider last season to leave ?
video scroll down for ronaldo : falcao and di maria excellent players for united .
damning : cristiano ronaldo claims he would do things differently if he were in charge at real madrid .
did he mean he would not have sold the team 's hugely experienced midfield fulcrum xabi alonso to a direct champions league rival in bayern munich before new man toni kroos was properly bedded-in ?
did he mean would not have bought a manchester united reserve team striker in javier hernandez in the name of providing competition for real madrid 's only out and out centre-forward , karim benzema ?
did he mean he would not have left benzema as the club 's only centre-forward by selling alvaro morata to juventus ?
upset ?
ronaldo has seen madrid 's top assist provider angel di maria leave for manchester united .
did he mean he would have moved on sami khedira who only has a year left on his contract or alvaro arbeloa who has fallen out with captain iker casillas as well as out of both the spain and real madrid team ?
or was he just referring to the failure to bring the prolific radamel falcao to the club on loan ; an option subsequently taken up by manchester united , after madrid repeatedly turned down the offer .
ronaldo was vague .
he also added : ' i have a very clear opinions but i ca n't always say what i think ' .
he had said enough .
sign here , please : di maria signed for united in a # 60million british record fee move .
real madrid started the month of august so well .
they