by .
alex ward .
published : .
22:47 est , 28 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
04:09 est , 29 october 2012 .
a top leader of the basque separatist group eta has been arrested in an anti-terror operation in france .
izaskun lesaka , 37 , who is said to be responsible for the terrorist group 's arms and explosives caches and another suspected eta member , joseba iturbide ochoteco , 35 , were arrested in the early hours of sundday by elite french police in a hotel in macon , france , spain 's interior ministry said in a statement .
the suspects , both armed , were tracked down and arrested by a special operations tactical unit of the french national police in close collaboration with spanish counterparts .
terrorist arrested : considered one of the top three leaders of basque separatist group eta , izaskun lesaka -lrb- centre -rrb- was arrested by elite french police on sunday .
eta is considered a terrorist organisation by spain , america and the european union .
it is blamed for the killings of more than 825 people in a campaign of bombings and shootings for an independent basque state straddling spain 's border with france .
it is believed that lesaka was considered one of eta 's top three leaders and that police also seized ` abundant computer equipment and a stolen car with false number plates ' .
group numbers have been decimated by waves of arrests in spain , france and other countries over recent years which have further weakened the declining grassroots support among basque nationalists who had tolerated its activities in exchange for working toward the goal of independence .
armed suspects : joseba iturbide ochoteco , a suspected member of the terrorist group , was also arrested in the early morning raid on a hotel in france .
campaign of killings : police also seized computer equipment and a stolen car with false number plates during the raid on the suspected terrorists from the group blamed for killing more than 825 people in bombings and shootings for an independent basque state .
eta did announce a definitive ceasefire late last year but the spanish government insists the group must lay down its arms and dissolve before they take such declarations seriously .
the group also declared what it called a