by .
bianca london .
published : .
03:07 est , 4 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:24 est , 4 october 2013 .
supermarket giant morrisons has been forced to apologise to a mother after asking her to breastfeed her baby in the disabled toilets , which she described as ` grubby and dirty ' .
michelle garner , 31 , was stunned when staff at her local store in sutton-in-ashfield , notts. , told her she should feed her six-week-old daughter lois in the supermarket washroom .
the mother-of-two said she was shopping with her baby on wednesday afternoon when she approached a senior member of staff .
supermarket giant morrisons has been forced to apologise to michelle garner after asking her to breastfeed her baby in their ` grubby ' disabled toilets .
after asking if there was somewhere she could feed her baby she was advised by the morrisons worker to use the disabled toilet .
but when she reluctantly got there , michelle found there was not even a toilet seat in the ` grubby and dirty ' cubicle and stormed out of the store in tears .
today michelle said she was left feeling like an outcast following the ` humiliating ' incident .
she said : ' i was really upset .
i felt like an outcast and really embarrassed .
` there was n't even a lid on the toilet , it was dirty and very grubby .
' i would have breastfed in the cafe , but the chairs are welded to the tables and there just was n't enough room .
` the staff were short with me , and it really made me feel upset .
morrisons have apologised for breastfeeding options not being ` good enough ' ` so i went and sat in the car .
it really upset me and i felt completely humiliated .
' michelle , who also has a 12-year-old son , said she could not understand why morrisons could not offer breast feeding facilities while other supermarkets did .
her husband bryan , 34 , added : ` post-natal depression is one thing i 'm very aware of and it 's incidents like this which can trigger bad feelings in mums .
' to vent her frustration she took to facebook and complained about what had happened to her