blow out the scented candle and ditch the aerosol spray can .
now there 's a deodorising toilet seat that claims to eliminate embarrassing bathroom odours .
the ` purefresh ' seat has a hidden fan that sucks in air and pushes it through an odour-eating carbon filter , before adding a more pleasant scent .
scroll down for video .
how to loo-se a nasty smell : a toilet that with a deodorising seat claims to eliminate embarrassing bathroom odours .
the ` purefresh ' seat has a hidden fan that sucks in air and pushes it through an odour-eating carbon filter -lrb- pictured -rrb- , before adding a more pleasant scent .
jerry bougher , product manager at kohler co in wisconsin , explained that the idea 's to attack smells ` where the action is ' .
he said : ` in terms of odour , everyone 's experienced it ' - the nasty experience of walking into a smelly bathroom , or leaving an embarrassing smell behind .
the $ 90 -lrb- # 58 -rrb- seat turns on automatically when someone sits down and the built in fan hums quietly as it filters out any nasty smells , the company says .
the air flows over a scent pack similar to to mask any unwanted odours .
the device is powered by two ` d' batteries which last around six months , along with the filter , while the scent packs have to be replaced monthly .
the $ 90 -lrb- # 58 -rrb- seat -lrb- illustrated -rrb- turns on automatically when someone sits down and the built in fan hums quietly as it filters out any nasty smells , the company says .
the air flows over a scent pack similar to air fresheners to mask any unwanted odours -lrb- pictured middle right -rrb- and a light can be turned on -lrb- bottom right -rrb- .
the toilet seat is powered by two ` d' batteries which last around six months , along with the fliter , while the scent packs have to be replaced monthly to keep bad smells -lrb- illustrated with a stock image -rrb- at bay .
the purefresh toilet seat is designed to neutralise and mask unpleasant smells as quickly as possible .
a battery-powered fan draws air through a deodorising carbon filter , which is integrated into the seat .