one of the most hotly anticipated events in monaco 's social calendar , the annual rose ball , took place in monte-carlo on saturday night and provided the perfect opportunity for a host of the principality 's young royals to let their hair down , while it even attracted a public appearance from prince albert and his wife , princess charlene .
the bal de la rose is a traditional annual charity event in aid of the princess grace foundation , and this year princess .
caroline , the foundation 's president , had asked her friend karl lagerfeld to .
design the rose ball .
heading up the royal entourage was .
princess charlene , prince albert , and princess caroline - joined by her .
fun loving children , including daughter charlotte casiraghi , 27 , who was pictured dancing up a storm to british popstar mika .
belle of the ball : charlotte casiraghi -lrb- center -rrb- , was full of the party spirit as she danced the night away at one of the annual highlights of the principality 's social calendar .
charlotte wore her hair in a simple up do , teaming it with a flattering and form fitting silver gown .
the annual charity event in monte-carlo was organized by german fashion designer karl lagerfeld and princess caroline of hanover , second left , who are pictured along with princess charlene and prince albert .
prince albert and princess charlene , who married in 2011 , were pictured arm-in-arm at the event held in monte-carlo on saturday night .
prince albert and his south african wife charlene wed in 2011 and looked to be having fun at the annual charity event in aid of the foundation princess grace .
princess charlene of monaco and beatrice borromeo appear to be enjoying the evening 's festivities .
the rose ball was charlotte 's first official post-baby appearance and she was undoubtedly the life and soul of the party .
for the glamorous event , she sported a silver strapless chanel couture gown with an embellished shawl .
she also wore her hair in a simple up do and sparkled in her metallic dress as she cut loose on the dancefloor .
charlotte was joined by her partner gad elmaleh and their son raphaël .
her brother pierre also attended the star studded bash , accompanied by