high streets were given a helping hand yesterday as george osborne -lrb- pictured -rrb- announced a ` wide-ranging review ' into crippling business rates .
high streets were given a helping hand yesterday as george osborne announced a ` wide-ranging review ' into crippling business rates .
introduced in elizabethan times , the tax is accused of pushing independent shops out of business by charging punishingly high rates .
high street retailers claim it places them at a disadvantage to online rivals because it is only charged on ` bricks and mortar ' .
business rates are forecast to raise # 22.4 billion in england in 2014-15 , from 1.8 million non-domestic properties .
but the chancellor announced a review into the controversial levy , saying ` you can not create jobs without successful businesses ' .
` in my opinion , the current system of business rates has not kept pace with the needs of a modern economy and changes to our town centres , ' he said .
` it needs far-reaching reform .
' business rates are currently calculated according to the rental value of the property a company uses .
but this is based on prices from 2008 , the height of the property boom , which do not take into account the effect of the recession .
the system also means some small shops on busy high streets pay very high rates , while online giants such as amazon , with large warehouses in cheaper locations , pay less .
tax expert richard rose , of bdo accountants , said the review launch was ` welcome but long overdue ' , adding that ` any benefits of change are unlikely to filter through until well into the next parliament ' .
` it will , therefore , be a watching brief for some time yet , which will offer little respite for mid-market retailers who continue to feel the pain of rates set in 2008 .
' scroll down for video .
` now the budget 's out of the way we can focus on serious issues like who 's going to host top gear ' jules winstanley , 51 , who will pay # 15,000 in business rates for her two clothing boutiques , in bath and teddington , south-west london , urged the review to radically reduce rates for small businesses .
`