by .
corey charlton .
pippa middleton and her stockbroker boyfriend nico jackson are apparently eyeing up a new # 3million home in parsons green , west london .
it was reported last month the two have been on the hunt to find a new home together and it 's believed they have now finally found their dream home .
the home features six double bedrooms and a nanny quarters - adding fuel to rumours the couple of two years are planning for a child .
pippa middleton and nico jackson have been together two years and are reportedly keen to start a family .
parson 's green has a lively village feel and is home to many professionals and young families .
parsons green is an area popular with young families and professionals , with house sales reaching # 3million .
the area takes its name after its popular village green which is popular with dog walkers .
the white horse is a favourite of locals and is known as the ` sloaney pony ' due to its posh customers .
the sunday mirror reported the 1900s victorian-style property features six double bedrooms and a luxury cinema suite alongside the nanny quarters .
a source told the paper : ` the separate living accommodation for childcare is particularly appealing for them which could signal they think starting a family is n't too far off .
' ' a little cousin for prince george might not be out of the question after they set up home .
' parson 's green is an upmarket suburb located within the london borough of hammersmith and fulham .
the area features a host of ritzy bars , restaurants and is known to be frequently by the made in chelsea stars .
the local green after which it takes its name is extremely family friendly and is known for being particularly accommodating to dog walkers .
it boasts a number of upmarket bars , restaurants and chain shops including as little waitrose , space nk and cote brasserie .
historically it was an aristocratic suburb and features many georgian and victorian properties - such as the one miss middleton and mr jackson have their eye on .
it is part of the fulham area which is very much an up and coming location for young families and professionals , with properties going for anything