by .
charles walford .
updated : .
11:42 est , 18 january 2012 .
ukip deputy leader paul nuttall has said the ` brainwashing ' of british pupils must stop .
eu ` propaganda ' is being handed out to teachers to indoctrinate pupils at a young age , it has emerged .
a brussels official responsible for providing classroom material to uk schools admitted a desire to teach youngsters about the ` values of eu membership ' from a young age , before they are ` misinformed ' .
the revelation that aggressively pro-european leaflets were being handed out at an education fair to ` brainwash ' pupils has been heavily criticised .
ukip deputy leader and education spokesman paul nuttall mep told the express : ` it is what we always suspected but could never prove .
now we can .
they -lsb- the eu -rsb- are effectively using our cash to brainwash our children .
and it has to stop .
' a video has emerged of judith schilling , the european commission 's publication manager , handing out eu-focused leaflets at the education show in birmingham .
she tells an interviewer : ` everybody has now picked up on the idea that we will never .
succeed to convince people about the value of being a member of the .
european union if we do not start early enough with the young people .
before they form prejudices and are misinformed by other sources .
' mr .
nuttall said he has written to education secretary michael gove and .
schools minister nick gibb saying the teaching programme appears to .
breach the law banning promotion of ` partisan political views ' in .
schools .
pupils must be given a balanced presentation of issues , he said .
mr .
nuttall has also called for the european commission to be made to halt .
its schools programme pending an inquiry and to order schools to stop .
using such aids .
ukip leader nigel farage said : ` it is .
vital that such an important issue , which is essentially the deliberate .
political indoctrination of our children , be dealt with in as open and .
as transparent a way as possible .
' it .
comes after the eu was accused of trying to ` brainwash ' children after .
pupils