by .
lucy waterlow .
published : .
07:56 est , 10 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:06 est , 10 june 2013 .
designer alberto moretti has proved he has the midas touch by creating 24 carat gold shoes .
the italian designer , who can count jessica chastain , cameron diaz and elle macpherson among his celeb fans , unveiled the golden heels for women and loafers for men at the monaco grand prix at the end of may .
as you would expect of a designer shoe covered in precious metal , a pair does not come cheap with prices starting at 2000 euros -lrb- # 1,700 -rrb- .
struck gold : the alberto moretti heels for women , left and loafers for men are 24 carats .
the shoes , made from velvet and covered in gold , will only be on sale at five of the word 's most exclusive department stores - barneys in new york , fred segal in l.a. , the swank in hong kong , level shoe district in dubai and harrods in london .
gold has featured heavily in alberto moretti 's autumn/winter 13 shoe collection but the brand say their latest offerings are the world 's first 24 carat shoe that can actually be worn .
made in collaboration with horo , the brand said the style has been kept simple as the gold speaks for itself as a luxury and stylish product .
fan : lady gaga wore bespoke alberto moretti heels to her perfume launch in paris last year .
in the golden shoes next ?
ryan gosling and elle macpherson pictured in footwear by the italian designer .
` both models -lrb- the stiletto and loafers -rrb- are simple with essential .
lines , the importance of the material that covers the entire surface of .
the shoe makes it unnecessary to any kind of decoration , ' they state .
alberto moretti , from tuscany , established the label bearing his own name with his brothers in 2011 and within a few seasons has established a star - and royal - following .
exclusive : the gold shoes will only be on sale at department store harrods in the uk .
as well as the hollywood actresses previously mentioned , lady gaga has also worn his shoes .
the pop star -