by .
chris brooke .
published : .
19:43 est , 11 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
21:10 est , 11 march 2014 .
david hockney 's ex-lover has escaped drugs charges in relation to the death of a 23-year-old studio assistant at the artist 's seaside mansion .
john fitzherbert , 48 , was involved in a 24-hour drink and drugs binge with studio assistant dominic elliott before he was rushed to hospital and died from swallowing toxic toilet cleaner .
an inquest heard how both men ` partied ' through the night , taking cocaine , ecstasy and smoking cannabis , before falling asleep in each other 's arms , down the corridor from where mr hockney was asleep .
david hockney 's ex-lover john fitzherbert , right , has escaped drugs charges following the death of a 23-year-old studio assistant .
shortly after mr elliott died , mr fitzherbert phoned another employee sharing the artist 's house and told him to clear his bedroom of evidence of drug use to avoid ` adverse publicity ' .
details of the apparent ` cover up ' were revealed at the inquest last august but police decided not to pursue the matter .
however , it emerged that mr fitzherbert and a 23-year-old man , who has not been identified , were arrested in connection with ` drugs offences ' surrounding the tragedy .
they were released on bail pending further inquiries by humberside police , but the investigation has now ended without anyone being charged .
a police spokesman said : ` the two men arrested on suspicion of drug offences have been unconditionally released .
' police refused to reveal whether or not a file was sent to the crown prosecution service .
ex-lovers : the multimillionaire artist david hockney -lrb- left -rrb- was a in a relationship with john fitzherbert -lrb- right -rrb- for 24 years before they split .
they shared a house in bridlington , yorkshire before mr hockney relocated to los angeles .
the decision - revealed almost a year after mr elliott 's shocking death last march - means there will be no legal repercussions from the tragedy , despite revelations of drug-taking and admissions of a ` cover-up ' to hide evidence .
mr hockney has left his home in bridlington , east yorkshire , and has moved back