by .
emma reynolds .
published : .
03:29 est , 15 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
06:06 est , 15 october 2012 .
chainsaw-wielding psychopaths , creaking boards and rats scuttling through pools of blood - these are america 's scariest houses .
each crumbling old home will strike terror into the heart in its own spine-tingling way , whether it is haunted by a creepy clown , a headless horseman or a 25ft python .
fear fans have become addicted to seeking out the biggest screams , spookiest special effects , eeriest history and most chilling attention to detail across the u.s. scroll down for video .
fear-factor : wary visitors are ordered to ` face their fears ' in the dungeons of the 13th gate , in baton rouge , la .
monsters from the deep : the 40,000 square-foot house features a dragon 's lair , bottomless pits , traps , a swamp and a giant beehive .
now a definitive list of the 13 most .
skin-crawling haunted houses lays out the most horrifying spots to visit .
if you want to experience true terror .
topping the list by website hauntworld.com .
is the 13th gate in la , where visitors must crawl through a burning .
crematory oven and feel their way through a dim , snake-infested cave .
at .
netherworld in atlanta , defenceless tourists will encounter a wailing .
banshee , a crawling eye and a sunken city that rises towards the skies .
the .
brilliantly named cutting edge in texas is built on the gruesome .
location of a meat-packing plant while ohio invites foolhardy .
holidaymakers to the dent schoolhouse , which was shut down in the 1950s .
after a homicidal janitor who lived in the basement was caught .
in houston , you can check out texas 's oldest graveyard at nightmare on the bayou , .
where crazed actors , hollywood quality props and lifelike animatronics .
combine to create one of weirdest and most frightening spots in the .
states .
so take a trip on a .
mind-bending hayride , dodge repulsive monsters and fend off vicious .
beasts as you tiptoe your way through this jitter-inducing maze .
tread carefully .
spine-tingling sightings : nightmare on the bayou , which stands beside a texan graveyard , claims to