relive sportsmail 's minute-by-coverage of england 's clash against south africa as stuart lancaster 's side looked for their first win from the autumn internationals .
host commentator .
it may have looked close , but england were a long way behind south africa today .
the winless run is now up to 12 games against the springboks , and surely stuart lancaster needs to change things against samoa next week .
80mins : it nearly gets worse for south africa , but la roux knocks the ball on before celebrating scoring .
78mins : just like last week against new zealand , it seems as though england are going to be beaten by the clock .
seconds remain , as brad barritt goes over in the corner - but george ford misses the tricky conversion .
76mins : and that , should be that .
the visitors build some pressure in england 's half and the ball is placed back for lambie , who has kicked well all day , to send home a drop goal .
england have been galvanised by their replacement half-backs .
ben youngs has added tempo and energy behind the pack and george ford has already shown his willingness to take the ball to the line and challenge the opposition at close quarters .
as a result , england have started finding spaces and they have reignited the crowd .
a grandstand finish is in prospect .
71mins : sin-bin is over !
can england fight back and score that crucial try ?
67mins : perfect restart from england and 21-year-old george ford sends the ball over the posts .
66mins : now england could be in trouble .
south africa opt for the three points instead of kicking for the corner and lambie holds his nerve .
significant changes - interesting with ford now - must play territory , the chance of winning is through driving play .
64mins : george ford and ben youngs on , owen farrell and danny care off .
61mins : now it 's england 's turn to readjust after a dismissal .
dylan hartley is off for stamping on an opponent , the referee saw it , but went to the tmo to check if it was worse than he thought .
it was , and the hosts are a man down .
60mins : with attfield