it 's not something parking wardens are usually accused of ... but some have been criticised for being too nice .
an inspection in two welsh towns found officers there were reluctant to issue tickets , letting many locals get away with parking offences .
and their lax approach meant that parking in the evenings and at weekends had become a ` free for all ' .
inspectors in welshpool and llandrindod wells have been accused of being too lax when it comes to giving out parking tickets for infringements -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
the investigation was carried out by officials from powys county council , who could not understand why the council was losing money on enforcing parking restrictions .
powys council needs to issue 40 per cent more tickets just to break even .
councillors shadowed wardens three times in the towns of welshpool and llandrindod wells and found there were plenty of infringements , but many were going unticketed .
in one case , a driver had already overrun their allotted time by 15 minutes , but the warden ` still appeared to be reluctant to issue the ticket ' .
officials also often did not penalise tradesmen for parking in restricted areas -- even though only water and electricity vehicles are allowed to stop in them without permits .
the councillors said some of the conversations they overheard between residents and officers ` would indicate that paying to park may be the exception rather than the rule ' .
even when tickets were issued , 39 per cent were cancelled at the first challenge .
the councillors said some of the conversations they overheard between residents and officers ` would indicate that paying to park may be the exception rather than the rule ' -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
the investigators suggested a range of actions to toughen up the operation , including shortening the grace period drivers are given after their time runs out before a ticket is issued .
they said wardens are currently leaving it ` too long ' , particularly since the process to issue a ticket itself takes seven minutes and can be aborted at any time .
they also said ticketing policies need to be more consistent across powys as ` decisions are made locally and sometimes contrary to police recommendations ' .
some 5,000 tickets are issued in