the antarctic ice sheet is more unstable than first thought with a new study suggesting melting began 5,000 years earlier than previously believed .
the study reveals that shrinking of the .
vast ice sheet accelerated during eight distinct periods between 20,000 .
and 9,000 years ago causing a rapid sea level rise .
during one period 14,600 years ago , melting glaciers released so many icebergs into the ocean that sea level rose 6.5 ft -lrb- 2 metres -rrb- in just 100 years .
scroll down for video .
a new study has revealed that shrinking of the vast ice sheet accelerated during eight distinct periods between 20,000 and 9,000 years ago causing a rapid sea level rise .
pictured is one of many icebergs that sheared off the continent and ended up in the scotia sea .
the results provide the first clear evidence for dramatic melting in antarctic 's and reflect predictions for the region 's future .
it also follows recent news that destabilisation of part of the west antarctic ice sheet has already begun and could be ` unstoppable .
' the study was conducted by an international team including researchers from germany , canada , hawaii , lapland and australia .
the group examined two sediment cores from the scotia sea between antarctica and south america that contained ` iceberg-rafted debris ' .
this is debris that has been scraped off antarctica by moving ice and deposited via icebergs into the sea .
as the icebergs melted , they dropped minerals into the seafloor sediments , giving scientists a glimpse into the past behaviour of the antarctic ice sheet .
an international team examined two sediment cores from the scotia sea to uncover the history of the antarctic ice sheet .
in this image researchers aboard the french r/v marion dufresne ii are shown recovering the sediment cores .
periods of rapid increase in iceberg-rafted debris suggest that more icebergs were being released by the antarctic ice sheet .
the researchers discovered increased amounts of debris during eight separate episodes beginning as early as 20,000 years ago , and continuing until 9,000 years ago .
up until now , the melting of the antarctic ice sheet was n't thought to have started until 14,000 years ago .
` conventional thinking based on past research is that the antarctic ice sheet has been relatively stable