steve ockerby resigned as chair of governors after taking his children on a holiday during term-time .
a chair of governors at a primary school has been forced to quit after taking his children out of lessons for a three-day trip to lapland despite being refused permission .
steve ockerby resigned from his role at shibden head primary academy in bradford , west yorkshire , after furious parents noticed photographs of the trip were posted on facebook .
the family , who have a daughter at the school and a son at nearby queensbury school , made the decision to take their children on the trip , despite the threat of a # 360 fine .
mr ockerby , who is a firefighter with west yorkshire fire & rescue service , was warned his daughter 's absence would be treated as ` unauthorised ' .
his decision comes as bradford council continues its crackdown on school absence during term time .
councillor ralph berry , the executive member for children 's services at the council , called mr ockerby 's actions ` breathtaking ' and pointed out that school attendance rules applied to all parents .
the firefighter has now stepped down from his position as governor but said he remained ` totally committed ' to the school .
he said : ` my role in the fire service dictates i have to work shifts and have an allocated holiday pattern which leaves me with no choice over when i can take holiday .
` we followed the correct procedure , according to the school policy , to request leave of absence during school time , and we received notification back from the school that the trip would be unauthorised .
` this is the first time we 've taken our child out of school .
my daughter has a 100 per cent attendance record and is achieving well .
` however , this was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for the whole of my family .
' i understand that people will condemn me for my decision .
they are , of course , entitled to their opinion .
` it is unfortunate that my family 's enjoyment has caused some parents so much distress .
' i am fully aware that my actions may result in a fine .
i will pay whatever sanction is imposed .
mr ockerby said