david cameron is set to hold crisis talks with barack obama and other world leaders over the ebola outbreak .
the prime minister will hold talks with the us president , as well as the leaders of germany , france and italy , during a conference call this afternoon about international efforts to counter the virus .
it came after mr cameron pledged that the government would do ` everything we can to keep this country safe ' from the outbreak of deadly virus .
prime minister david cameron will today hold crisis talks with us president barack obama over the ebola epidemic .
the discussion comes as it was revealed that a second us health care worker had tested positive for the illness , which has already claimed almost 4,500 lives , mainly in west africa .
speaking at prime minister 's questions in the commons , mr cameron stressed there were no direct flights from the affected areas , though screening processes beginning at heathrow airport were being rolled out .
he told mps : ` there 'll be another cobra meeting chaired today by the foreign secretary , i 'll be chairing one tomorrow .
` we 're looking at all these issues about where people are arriving to and co-operating properly with all the devolved authorities .
' the prime minister added : ` it is worth stressing there are no direct flights from liberia , sierra leone or guinea into the united kingdom , so we 're talking about people who come here indirectly , and that is why it 's so important we put in place the screening processes starting at heathrow but to be rolled out more as the days go by .
` i 'm absolutely convinced that we will do everything we can to keep this country safe .
i will make sure that proper liaison not only with northern ireland but also with the republic takes place .
' his comments came as dup parliamentary group leader nigel dodds urged the prime minister to liaise ` very closely ' with northern ireland authorities on the issue of screening checks .
a liberian red cross ` burial ' team arrive in the country 's capital monrovia today .
liberia is one of the worst-hit countries in west africa .
the ebola epidemic has already claimed more than 4,000 lives , largely