by .
julie anne barnes and steve robson .
published : .
03:01 est , 20 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:47 est , 20 june 2013 .
for more than 40 years it has gently chugged along giving joy rides to generations of delighted children .
but last week the model railway at barshaw park in paisley , scotland , was brought to an abrupt standstill at the insistence of health and safety bosses .
excited youngsters who had flocked for the park 's annual gala day were ordered off the miniature train moments before it was about to depart because council bureaucrats say the genteel attraction does not have the necessary certification .
all change : the miniature railway has been popular with young children and families for generations but now requires a health and safety certificate .
despite paisley model engineering society having safely operated the railway without incident since the 1970s , renfrewshire council now says the tracks must be subject to an ` independent inspection ' .
society member alan wallace accused the council of being heavy-handed and said the safety certificate they had been asked to produce was the kind expected of ` high-speed , money-making fairground rides ' .
he said : ` we have been running the railway for over 40 years without incident but now the council needs to see a certificate stating that it is safe .
` it would appear that council .
officials are requiring the same level of certification as that required .
for high-speed , money-making fairground rides .
' he .
added : ` we would like to apologise to kids , of all ages , who hoped to .
have a ride on the miniature railway as part of their gala day outing .
` we especially want to apologise to the passengers who were ordered off the train just before its departure .
' heavy-handed : society member alan wallace accused the council of asking for the kind of certification required by high-speed fairground rides .
local councillor brian lawson pointed out that the model engineering .
society is covered by public liability insurance and maintains the .
railway equipment to meet with health and safety executive -lrb- hse -rrb- .
guidelines .
he said : .
` while i appreciate the need to ensure public safety , i have