guilty : christopher haughton tried to kill two police officers with a meat cleaver .
a judge today praised police officers seriously injured by a deranged knifeman who turned a halal butchers shop into a bloodbath .
christopher haughton , 33 , seriously injured three officers and attacked the colleagues who tried to save them .
judge peter beaumont , the recorder of london , said the officers showed courage , as he ordered haughton to be detained without limit of time under the mental health act .
he asked for his comments to be passed on to the metropolitan police commissioner .
police constables alistair hinchliff , thomas harding and andrew robb needed surgery and months of treatment after the attack in november last year .
judge beaumont said : ` it seems appropriate to draw to the attention of the commissioner the court 's appreciation of the very considerable courage of the three police officers .
` all three acted in a very difficult situation with very considerable courage and the public is in their debt .
' he also praised sergeant david weir , the senior officer at the scene , who was in a police vehicle when a breeze block was thrown at the windscreen .
the judge said : ` the court expresses its appreciation of the determination and skill he displayed in a situation which was in danger of unravelling out of control .
' haughton , a paranoid schizophrenic , watched the proceedings from a videolink from broadmoor secure hospital where he is detained .
in a letter , his mother angela apologised to the officers on behalf of her family .
she said haughton had been calm and loving before becoming ill .
haughton , of wembley , north london , was convicted at the old bailey this week of the attempted murders of pcs hinchliff and harding .
he was also found guilty of assaulting six other officers , including causing grievous bodily harm to pc robb .
haughton caused minor injuries to two female officers during an incident in october last year .
attacked : pictured left to right are alastair hinchliff , andrew robb , john charlton , tom harding and sham haque who were involved in the incident in a butcher 's .
he was allowed bail but in november he caused chaos when he launched his knife