two illegal immigrants who conned the government into allowing them to stay in britain as asylum seekers and claimed # 130,000 in benefits just by changing their names face jail today .
mohammed zakariya wadiwala , 42 , and wife zenabbibi , 44 , used a false identities to claim asylum in the uk from india in 2007 before claiming handouts for themselves and their five children .
the couple landed in britain under the bogus name sheikh instead of wadiwali , meaning the family 's asylum case has ` dragged on for years ' , preston crown court heard .
guilty : mohammed zakariya wadiwala , 42 , and wife zenabbibi , 44 , used a false identities to claim asylum in the uk from india in 2007 before claiming handouts for themselves and their five children .
prosecutors say had their real name been known to the authorities they would have been deported back to their homeland within a ` matter of months ' .
the couple claimed they had lost all their documentation and were in danger if they returned to india .
while their asylum case rumbled on they claimed up to # 2,000 a month over almost six years to house and feed themselves and their family .
in all they pocketed # 134,438 worth of benefits before being arrested following an investigation in 2012 .
at preston crown court the couple , of blackburn , lancashire , spoke through an urdu interpreter to plead guilty to fraud linked to false identities and claiming financial support , and were told they face jail .
granting both unconditional bail until sentencing next month judge ian leeming qc said : ` rather than a speedy refusal of asylum , the matter dragged on for years during which time more benefits and advantaged accrued - on the face of it # 134,438 worth of benefits .
` the court is keeping all its sentencing options open .
it seems clear that some form of custody will be appropriate ' .
if they are jailed they will serve their sentence and then most likely be deported .
earlier the court heard how wadiwala , a muslim had married his wife a hindu in 2003 , claimed they had to flee to britain fearing persecution - after one of their children was killed due the cultural differences .
they arrived