by .
martin robinson .
this winter has been the wettest in at least 248 years , and the fifth warmest since 1910 .
so perhaps it will surprise few that it will finish with snow and sleet .
this morning -- the last day of winter in the forecasters ' calendar -- snow and sleet is sweeping across wales , southern england and parts of the midlands .
as communities secretary eric pickles warned last night that the widespread flooding is set to continue for months , the met office confirmed that england and wales have suffered the wettest winter since records began in 1766 .
taste of things to come : snow returned to county durham today but the met office is warning that sleep and snow will fall across england and wales today .
having fun : monty , a springer spaniel enjoying a walk after fresh snow falls in weardale but for millions snow could cause misery with hazardous conditions on the roads .
today : snow has fallen on northern moorland and roads in the pennines yesterday but the met office has issued a yellow weather warning for today .
but the same atlantic weather systems that caused the relentless rain and floods have also created a remarkably warm winter .
few .
parts of southern england have seen any snow , with only sporadic .
snowfalls in the north , and many areas have not had a frost since .
november .
the average temperature this winter has been a mild 5.2 c .
-lrb- 41f -rrb- -- 1.5 c above what is expected .
southern england saw 12 per cent .
more sunshine than average .
snow has been forecast for parts of the uk today .
it has marked a dramatic change from the .
previous three winters , which saw heavy blizzards throughout the uk and .
below-average temperatures .
last year the three months of winter -- .
december , january and february -- averaged 3.3 c -lrb- 38f -rrb- .
with the exception .
of 2011-12 , which averaged 4.6 c -lrb- 40f -rrb- , every other winter since 2007-08 .
has been colder than average .
mr pickles said last night : ` further .
groundwater flooding is unfortunately expected over the coming days in .
the south and south east , and may be an issue for