monica lewinsky is writing a tell-all book about her affair with bill clinton after the scandal left her hard up , unable to get a job and with her dreams dashed , friends have claimed .
the former white house intern , 39 , is reportedly penning the book - including her intimate love letters to the ex-president and how he desired threesomes - for revenge on her former flame .
but friends say it could simply be a matter of cash for lewinsky , who was left with massive legal debts and could never achieve her dream of ` losing 30 lbs , finding a boy , moving to westchester county and having a family ' after revelations of her oval office trysts with clinton surfaced .
speaking out : monica lewinsky is reportedly writing a $ 12 million tell-all book about her affair with clinton .
while lewinsky has yet to sign a deal , it had previously been claimed that publishers were scrambling for the book and had offered her as much as $ 12 million .
` she may very well need the money , ' a friend told mailonline .
` that 's why she did the andrew morton -lsb- biography in 1998 -rsb- .
she had massive legal debts .
it was a misconception that she came from a wealthy family .
she 's had trouble finding work .
` she went to the london school of economics where it was easier for her blend in , because , in europe , what prime minister has n't had an affair ?
but when she came back to the states , she could n't escape her past .
` who is going to hire her and have her name come across in an email ?
it 's unfair .
she 's a smart , capable , personable woman .
how many 22-year-olds have made bad judgements ?
admiration : a december 1996 white house photo shows clinton and lewinsky at a christmas party .
affair : lewinsky , pictured in november 1995 , claimed she had nine sexual encounters with president clinton in the oval office between november 1995 and march 1997 .
' i think , if she had her dream , she would have lost 30 pounds , found a boy , moved to westchester county , and had a family .
'