by .
oliver todd .
follow @@ oliver_todd .
ian poulter might have earned # 9.4 million in prize money as a professional golfer , but it was n't able to buy happiness on a british airways flight .
the 38-year-old has been accused of being ` out of touch with reality ' after complaining that his family nanny was seperated one his flight - leaving his wife to look after their children alone .
the ryder cup star had booked six business class seats with british airways , for his wife katie , their four children and their nanny but one of the seats was downgraded .
poulter spoke out on twitter .
twitter rant : ian poulter was accused of being ` out of touch with reality ' after complaining that his wife was forced to look after their children without a nanny .
above , poulter and his wife katie at a ryder cup dinner .
angry : the 38-year-old sportsman had booked six business class seats with british airways , for his wife katie , their four children and their nanny .
but one of the seats was later downgraded by the airline .
poulter wrote : ` booked 6 business seats for my wife & nanny to fly home and british airways downgrade my nanny so katie has no help for 10 hours with 4 kids .
' he then added : ` amazing how british airways have downgraded a full fare ticket when you buy 6 seats together in 1 booking .
just does n't seem right .
' perhaps unsurprisingly , many of poulter 's 1.7 million followers failed to sympathise with his situation .
outburst : poulter , who has won two world championships , wrote on facebook : ` amazing how british airways have downgraded a full fare ticket when you buy 6 seats together in 1 booking .
just does n't seem right ' professional : british airways -lrb- right , file picture -rrb- reportedly offered poulter -lrb- pictured , left , playing golf in march this year -rrb- # 200 in compensation for the downgrade .
it told the golfer it would be ` happy ' to discuss the situation .
collection : poulter 's profile picture is of his sportscar collection parked outside his mansion in orlando , florida .
one tweeter , joe walker , wrote :