by .
victoria woollaston .
published : .
10:39 est , 30 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
11:57 est , 30 january 2014 .
rumours about a facebook news reader app have been circulating for years , and now they 've not only come true , they could spell the end of the facebook app as we know it .
paper is a news curation and reader app that pulls in stories , photos , videos and links from the user 's facebook feed - alongside facebook 's own notification bar and action buttons .
all stories are displayed on a customisable picture-led grid , and the app has been designed to make it easier to share content with other people .
scroll down for video .
facebook paper , pictured , is the first product to launch from the california firm 's creative labs project .
it 's a news curation app that pulls in stories , photos and videos from a user 's facebook news feed .
it additionally comes with facebook 's own notification bar and action buttons .
the app is set to launch on 3 february .
facebook has a history of developing separate apps for new features , such as the facebook messenger and camera apps .
like paper , these apps linked with the original facebook app but had their own set of features .
facebook messenger lets people chat while using other apps , for example .
paper , on the other hand , includes many of facebook 's existing features .
users can also browse content and read stories from partner publications , as well as customise which categories they see .
paper is set to launch in the u.s. on 3 february .
the app looks similar to news reader rivals flipboard and google currents .
each section has a main screen with a cover photo at the top , and a row of content along the bottom .
users can scroll left and right from the main screen through these content cards to see new stories , photos , videos , and so on .
alternatively , with paper , users can select a story to see it in fullscreen mode .
the traditional facebook notification .
bar is shown in the top right-hand corner of the screen - including .
friend requests , messages and