daniel sturridge and his liverpool team-mates were in jubilant mood as they took to a frosty melwood training ground on monday morning .
following on from their 2-0 win against west ham at anfield on saturday , brendan rodgers put his men through their paces as they look to work their way back into the champions league places .
and it 's no surprise sturridge 's beaming grin was on show for all to see after ending a five-month injury absence with a goal against the hammers .
daniel sturridge -lrb- left -rrb- jokes with team-mate jordan ibe during a training session at melwood .
the liverpool striker sharpened his skills with some target practice against goalkeeper danny ward -lrb- left -rrb- .
following a lengthy absence sturridge was in high spirits during the session on monday morning .
liverpool duo sturridge -lrb- left -rrb- and ibe -lrb- right -rrb- took a second to pose for the cameras in between drills .
it took the england star just 11 minutes to get himself back on the scoresheet for the first time since the opening game of the season after he replaced lazar markovic .
sturridge 's timely return will be a huge boost for the reds , who have struggled in front of goal since the striker suffered a thigh injury on international duty in september .
despite bringing in rickie lambert and mario balotelli over the summer , and recalling fabio borini from a season-long loan spell at sunderland , the frontmen had managed just four premier league goals this term .
with sturridge back in the fold in such emphatic fashion , boss rodgers will be hoping the england man can kickstart the campaign for the merseyside club .
rodgers is also still keen to land a deadline-day deal for burnley striker danny ings however the clarets have insisted the england under 21 international will not be leaving before the window closes .
sturridge 's goal during his cameo against west ham will likely put him back at the top of the pecking order .
liverpool captain steven gerrard awaits instructions before delivering a free-kick in training .
gerrard announced that he will be leaving anfield at the end of the season to join la galaxy in the mls .
former england international gerrard -lrb- right -rrb- takes on reds defender dejan lovren as fabio borini looks on