an avowed white supremacist charged with killing three people outside two suburban jewish facilities on the eve of passover has said that he was surprised none of the victims were jewish .
f. glenn miller jr , 73 , of aurora , missouri , said that he went to jewish community center of greater kansas city in april and a nearby jewish retirement home ` for the specific purpose of killing jews ' .
miller said that he had learned from a newspaper story the following saturday that the people he killed were not jewish , the kansas city star reported last week .
f. glenn miller jr , 73 , -lrb- pictured at an april court hearing -rrb- said that he went to jewish community center of greater kansas city and a nearby jewish retirement home ` for the specific purpose of killing jews ' miller jr , pictured in april , was jailed in johnson county on a charge of capital murder for the april 13 attacks .
' i was convinced there would be all jews or mostly jews ' at the two centers ' , he said , but added that the attacks still accomplished his goal of making ` jews feel less secure ' .
the 73-year-old said he had staked out the centers for days before the attacks .
miller , who also goes by the name frazier glenn cross jr , was jailed in johnson county on a charge of capital murder in the april 13 attacks .
a preliminary hearing that was scheduled for last week was delayed so miller could undergo a mental evaluation .
miller is accused of killing dr william lewis corporon , 69 , and his 14-year-old grandson , reat griffin underwood , who were at the community center in leawood for a singing contest audition .
he also is accused of fatally shooting 53-year-old terri lamanno , who was visiting her mother at the retirement home in overland park .
miller said he decided to carry out the attacks because it was something he wanted to do before he died .
he said he suffers from emphysema and became concerned that he did n't have much time left during an emergency room visit in late march .
he said his one regret was the death of the ` young white boy , ' and several times during