this is the moment an ostrich turned into a real life version of road runner - when it escaped from its owner and sprinted onto a highway .
the six-foot bird ran away from home and onto an expressway at yiwu in the eastern province of zhejiang in china .
after smashing through a toll booth barrier , it careered down the road past astonished drivers - and even attempted to chase down a lorry .
scroll down for video .
ruffling feathers : this ostrich turned into a real life version of road runner - when it escaped from its owner and sprinted down a highway .
great escape : the six-foot bird ran away from home and onto an expressway at yiwu in the eastern province of zhejiang in china .
in a flap : after bursting through toll booth barriers , it careered down the road past astonished drivers - and even attempted to chase down a lorry .
on the run : it is understood that the ostrich was on the loose for a number of hours before it was finally tracked down .
cctv captured the moment the flightless bird made a dash for the busy highway taking motorists by surprise .
it is understood that the ostrich was on the loose for a number of hours before it was finally tracked down .
the scenes were reminiscent of the cartoon road runner in which a coyote repeatedly tries to catch and eat a fast-running ground bird .
footage shows traffic officers trying desperately to bring the exhausted bird to a halt on the side of the road .
but after appearing to have calmed the animal it powers off once again in pursuit of a passing lorry .
traffic alert : workers eventually caught up with the real-life road runner and managed to guide it to safety .
the game 's up : despite making one last bid for freedom when it tried to chase down a lorry , the exhausted ostrich was brought under control .
walking pace : eventually workers manage to guide the giant bird back towards the motorway exit while bewildered drivers watched on .
helping hand : a traffic officer pushed the giant bird in the right direction after it started to veer off course .
eventually workers manage to guide the giant bird back towards the motorway exit