picture this : dapper looking gentlemen donning waistcoats , bow ties and impeccably groomed moustaches riding through town on classic motorcycles .
add to the mix tailored suits , crisp shirts , monocles , and riding goggles plus genteel ladyfolk sporting elegant dresses and it may just sound like a scene from mad men .
however this is n't the 1900s , but the distinguished gentlemen 's ride , where participants dress up to the nines in the their finest vintage attire and coast around the roads on retro or custom bikes .
the distinguished gentleman 's ride took place across the world on september 28 , and riders in sydney enjoyed a warm and sunny spring day for the event .
` café racers , bobbers , classics , flat trackers , scramblers and quirky , undefinable two-wheeled machines ' are all welcome at the ride according to the distinguished gentlemen 's website .
these dapper gentlemen took part in the zurich ride .
men and women across the world donned their finest tailored suits and trimmed their moustaches for the ride , and these lucky participants had the backdrop of sydney harbour behind them .
some little motorbike enthusiasts also took part in the ride in sal paulo , brazil at the weekend .
this gentleman from taunton in somerset , england , donned some very fancy glasses and a smoking pipe for the annual event .
the annual event has one key aim , besides looking impeccable atop a stunning bike with a lovely dame or gent in the side car of a motorbike .
` our focus is on gentlemen who are dealt a tough hand in life .
in particular , we raise funds for research into prostate cancer as part of our mission to support men 's health , ' the distinguished gentlemen 's ride 's -lrb- dgr -rrb- website states .
` for one day a year ... thousands of distinguished gentleman -lrb- and genteel ladyfolk -rrb- in hundreds of cities worldwide press their cravats , starch their tweed and sit astride their classic-styled motorcycles to raise funds for prostate cancer research and awareness .
jun song took part in the ride all the way from salt lake city in utah , usa .
romanian men in the city of bucharest jumped on their favourite two-wheeled vehicles and donned their finest pinstripe suit