mrs kirchner : the president 's name was on a draft warrant discovered in the home of alberto nisman .
a prosecutor shot dead after accusing argentine president cristina fernandez de kirchner of helping cover up a terrorist bombing was trying to have her arrested , it emerged last night .
investigators probing the killing of alberto nisman -- found dead in his bathroom before he could testify over the 1994 attack on a jewish community centre in buenos aires -- revealed they had found a draft document requesting mrs kirchner 's detention .
chief investigator viviana fein said the warrant was found in a wastepaper bin at the apartment where mr nisman 's body was discovered on january 18 .
it was not included in a complaint mr nisman had filed in the federal court days earlier .
the 51-year-old was found slumped in his bathroom with a bullet wound in his head hours before he was to appear before congress to detail allegations that mrs kirchner agreed to protect those responsible for the bombing , which killed 85 and injured more than 200 .
the attack was believed to have been masterminded by iran .
mrs kirchner , whose country is facing economic chaos , has rejected mr nisman 's claims and has suggested that rogue intelligence operatives were behind the special prosecutor 's death .
his allegations , she said , were based on false information given to him by the former head of the intelligence services .
mr nisman had been appointed a decade ago by kirchner 's late husband , president nestor kirchner , to investigate the bombing of the argentine-israeli mutual association .
in 2013 , he released an indictment accusing iran and hezbollah of organising the blast .
iran denied the allegations but last month mr nisman accused mrs kirchner and other senior officials of agreeing not to punish at least two former iranian officials believed to have been involved .
scroll down for video .
mystery death : alberto nisman , pictured , was found dead in his bathroom last month before he could testify over the 1994 attack on a jewish community centre in buenos aires .
he asked a judge to call mrs kirchner and others , including foreign minister hector timerman , for questioning .
he said : ` the president and her foreign minister took the criminal decision