a fifth student at wesleyan university has been arrested in connection with a ` bad batch ' of party drug molly that resulted in the hospitalization of 12 people , including two in a critical condition .
abhimanyu janamanchi , 21 , was among those treated at hartford hospital , 20 miles north of the college 's campus in middletown , connecticut , on february 22 after taking the popular stimulant .
he surrendered to police friday morning on a warrant for drug charges relating to the particular batch of molly , which officials believe may have included a mix of various designer drug chemicals .
now , he has been charged with distribution of a hallucinogen , possession of a hallucinogen and possession of a controlled substance with intent to sell , among other counts .
fifth suspect : abhimanyu janamanchi -lrb- pictured in his mug shot -rrb- , 21 , has been arrested in connection with a ` bad batch ' of drug molly that resulted in the hospitalization of 12 people , including two in a critical condition .
other suspects : last month , four other students were charged in connection with the drug overdoses .
they included eric lonergan -lrb- left -rrb- , 22 , of rio de janeiro , and rama agha al nakib -lrb- right -rrb- , 20 , a syrian national .
also detained : the other two suspects are zachary kramer -lrb- left -rrb- , 21 , of bethesda , maryland , who was also released last month after posting a $ 5,000 bond , and andrew olson -lrb- right -rrb- , of atascadero , california .
he has also been suspended from wesleyan .
` given the nature of the charges , we immediately suspended this student pending a formal hearing , ' college spokesman lauren rubenstein said .
` wesleyan takes very seriously allegations concerning the distribution of dangerous drugs .
' janamanchi , from rockville , maryland , is the fifth student to be arrested over the on-campus drug overdoses , which affected ten students at the private liberal arts school , as well as two visitors .
some of the victims had attended a rave music show on the night of february 21 .
the calls for medical attention began the next morning .
four students were transported to hartford hospital .
one student was found unresponsive