by .
alexandra klausner .
one westland , michigan woman 's facebook post the day after saint patrick 's could lead to her own post in a local jail .
colleen cudney , 22 , who was on probation for a dui from 2012 thought she had police fooled the day after saint patrick 's day when she was called in for a random breathalyzer test and passed even though she 'd been drinking the night before .
cudney who is n't allowed to drink as part of her dui probation was so proud of her so-called accomplishment that she posted it on facebook .
scroll down for video .
colleen cudney , 22 , may serve 93 days in jail for violating her dui probation by drinking .
colleen cudney did n't think police would see this facebook post publicly admitting that she drank while under her probation .
local 4 reported that she wrote , ` buzz killer for me , i had to breathalyze -lrb- sic -rrb- this morning and i drank yesterday but i passed thank god lol my dumba@@.' cudney 's facebook and the post has since been deleted following media coverage .
a westland police officer saw cudney 's post that morning and and notified the probation office who called her in for a urine test .
police say upon receiving the call she hung up the phone .
a urine test will show if cudney had anything to drink up to 80 hours before taking it .
cudney is due in court on april 1st for a probation hearing .
she could be sentenced to 93 days in jail .
ironically enough , cudney 's probation was set to end soon .
news 4 interviewed michigan locals about their opinion on cudney 's behavior .
' i hope they throw the book at you young lady because it 's sad that you did something like that because you could hurt someone or kill someone , ' oak park resident anita brown said .
the mail online tried contacting the westland police department to see if facebook regulation was common practice but no one was available for comment .
anita brown told reporters that she hopes cudney will read the bible and take responsibility for her dangerous actions ` that could have killed someone '