banks including lloyds and rbs have come under fire for their treatment of small businesses .
banks including rbs and lloyds have again come under fire over their treatment of small businesses .
it has emerged many put firms into high-interest fixed-rate loans then charged them huge fees to switch when interest rates plummeted .
mps are stepping up pressure on high street lenders , urging them to review their sales of the loans , which have trapped thousands of businesses in poor deals .
members of the treasury committee are said to be ` furious ' the city watchdog failed to protect these small firms .
banks have already paid # 1.8 billion in compensation for mis-sold ` interest rate swaps ' , meant to protect firms if interest rates rose .
when rates fell to record lows many companies were hit with huge ` breakage ' penalties if they wanted to switch deals .
more than 14,000 small businesses received compensation .
but fixed-rate loans and tailored business loans -- the centre of the latest row -- are not regulated by the financial conduct authority , meaning customers mis-sold them are not eligible for compensation .
the fca says such loans can also saddle businesses with huge switching fees .
some have an interest rate swap buried in the contract , but even the more basic loans can come with huge unpredictable break penalties .
according to the treasury committee , fixed-rate loans and tailored business loans can be just as dangerous as interest rate swaps .
it has emerged 60,000 firms were sold these loans -- about half by lloyds , around 11,000 from rbs , and 11,272 by clydesdale bank .
in a damning report earlier this month into the treatment of small firms by banks , the treasury committee said it had received evidence clydesdale bank mis-sold tailored business loans .
it said the lender engineered the products so the interest rate swap was buried in the loan -- meaning it fell outside the fca 's remit .
firms were hit with penalties of up to 40 per cent of the value of the loan if they wanted to terminate their contract .
last night mark garnier , a conservative member of the treasury committee , said : ` we are furious with the regulator for not picking this up .
the fca is walking