the bunker in which adolf hitler married eva braun shortly before the couple committed suicide is being re-created by a german museum despite fears it may be deemed insensitive .
a replica of the fuhrerbunker , where nazi leader hitler spent his final months in berlin , is being planned for a summer opening at the ` top secret ' museum in oberhausen , in the ruhr valley more than 300 miles from its original location .
` we 're just in the planning stages -- the architects are working on it , ' museum director ingo mersmann told thelocal.de .
scroll down for video .
adolf hitler 's final hideaway the fuhrerbunker is being re-created by a german museum .
the underground complex was destroyed in 1947 , after it was stormed in 1945 as the third reich fell .
` we want this to be an educational experience so that families or groups of school kids can see how it really was : to experience the tiny rooms and the dampness of the bunker .
we want to recreate it to show people .
' mersmann added : ` we are doing so very carefully and with sensitivity .
' the museum is being careful not to create a place of pilgrimage for the few who still identify with the ideology of hilter in their rebirth of the bunker that was originally at potsdamer platz and brandenburg gate in berlin .
empty black frames will hang on the walls of the bunker instead of the portraits of hitler that were in the original to make the bunker an educational piece and avoid it being considered any sort of tribute .
the fuhrerbunker in berlin was where hitler married eva braun -lrb- below -rrb- before they committed suicide .
eva braun , who died eva hitler , was the long-time companion of nazi leader hitler until their death .
a carpark marks the spot where hitler ended his own life as his nazi regime collapsed .
an unadorned plaque was erected in 2006 , but it 's policy in germany to make nazi landmarks as dull as possible so not to make them attractive destination for those who identify with hitler 's policy .
` we certainly do n't want to recreate a place for the misguided people who still see him as a hero to come as a