because they 're dying : dave agema -lrb- r-mi -rrb- claimed that gays only wants free health care because they are dying of aids .
a prominent michigan republican told a packed room last week that gays and lesbians want free health care because they are dying from aids .
dave agema , a former state representative and currently one of the state 's reps to the republican national committee , made the remarks at the berrien county republican party 's annual holiday reception .
this is not the first time the gay bashing politician has found himself in hot water for homophobic comments , according to the washington post .
` folks , they -lrb- gay people -rrb- want free medical because they 're dying -lrb- when they 're -rrb- between 30 and 44 years old , ' he said , according to the herald-palladium .
` to me , it 's a moral issue , it 's a biblical issue , ' he continued .
` traditional marriage is where it should be and it 's in our platform .
those in our party who oppose traditional marriage are wrong .
' the controversial stance , he explained , comes from his observations of gay co-workers at american airlines claiming aids-infected people were their spouses so they could receive health insurance .
` i stand for traditional marriage , no homosexual ones , ' he proclaimed .
mr agema 's remarks came during a speech urging the different factions of the republican party to come together .
in april , the conservative politician shared an article to his facebook page accusing gays of living a ` filthy lifestyle , ' as well as prodding christians to help them ` get out of it , ' the post noted .
` we ought to be saying to these people , ` hey , we do n't agree with your lifestyle and we 'll help you get out of it , ' he also told a conservative radio show the same month , according to the post .
he continued , saying that children are being brainwashed in school to think homosexuality is okay , according to the post .
` the next thing that will occur is your kids will come home and say , ` i think this is a good thing and i think i want to