by .
snejana farberov for mail online .
and david mccormack for mailonline .
and associated press .
and mailonline reporter .
and zoe szathmary for mailonline .
the woman whose massive personal closet supposedly full of luxury goods was robbed earlier this month has admitted some of her personal items are in fact ` costume .
' the houston press reported that it received goods from the supposed thief that broke into theresa roemer 's ` she-cave ' august 2 .
that individual used a new york city-based disposable phone - and a voice modulator - to call the weekly august 12 , the houston press said .
' i contacted theresa roemer and explained .
to her that her items were fake , ' the person reportedly told the press .
' i .
requested over half a million dollars to return her items and not .
expose her to the news .
during the meet , it seemed as if she contacted .
authorities .
the deal never went through .
i 'm following through with my .
threat .
' in response , roemer told abc13 ` he claims that whatever it is that 's in there is fake .
well , you know , if you walk into any one woman 's closet there 's gon na be valuable things , and there 's gon na be costume things , and there 's gon na be vintage things .
' scroll down for videos .
homeowner : theresa roemer has revealed that some of the items inside her massive ` she cave ' closet are not as expensive as others .
the person who reportedly robbed roemer earlier this month has said the items in her closet are fake .
ransom plot : the bracelet and watch were among some 10-15 valuables stolen earlier this month from the home of theresa roemer .
personal memento : the loot included this silver heart-shaped locket with a lock of light-brown hair inside that supposedly belonged to roemer 's deceased son .
shakedown : the burglar allegedly asked roemer to pay up $ 500,000 to stop him or her from revealing to the media that her valuables were worthless , but the former miss texas refused .
` it 's one thing to be robbed but now it 's .
another for someone to hold me for ransom