by .
graham smith .
published : .
09:33 est , 17 april 2012 .
| .
updated : .
01:56 est , 18 april 2012 .
the joys of spring were banished yesterday as six inches of snow and daytime temperatures of -2 c gripped parts of the north and scotland .
the wintry conditions took hold as the met office warned the severe weather is making its way south and will this morning cover all of britain .
marble-sized hailstones , 60mph gales and seasonal torrential rain will cause flooding , leading to dangerous driving conditions .
so much for spring : snow swept across the north yorkshire moors yesterday morning , causing traffic problems between whitby and scarborough , as gales and heavy rain spread across britain .
afternoon thunderstorms are forecast to dump an inch of rain , causing surface flooding , with large hail showers making roads slippery .
it is feared that greenhouse window panes could be damaged by hail up to 1cm thick - the size of a marble .
near-60mph gales will hit the south , buffeting vehicles and matching wind speeds endured by coastal regions yesterday .
heavy morning rain deluged parts of england as snow blizzards fell on the north and scotland , where up to six inches fell over higher ground .
drivers in central scotland were warned to ` exercise extreme caution ' due to the threat of landslides on the a83 in argyll .
severe conditions : the bad weather is forecast to spread south today with marble-sized hailstones , 60mph gales and torrential rain expected to strike .
more typical april weather : tourists shelter under their umbrellas during a visit to tower bridge in london yesterday .
staff at cairngorm ski centre dug out .
4ft drifts over piste access routes after four inches of snow fell .
overnight .
temperatures had reached just -2 c by midday .
around 200 skiers and snowboarders are visiting the centre every day and bosses , who laid off staff when one of the worst-ever ski seasons ended in february , now plan to stay open until next month .
cairngorm mountain spokesman colin .
kirkwood said : ` we did n't ski at all in march , which .
is almost unheard of , but more snow is forecast and we expect to ski .
through next