the german government has called for greece to hand control over its finances to the european union in what would be an unprecedented expansion of brussels ' power .
under the plan , in order for the embattled country to receive a second bail-out - now estimated at up to $ 145bn -lrb- # 122bn -rrb- - a eurozone ` budget commissioner ' would be given the power to decide athens ' tax and spending , .
the proposed power grab , revealed today by the financial times , would be met by strong opposition in athens , where anti-german protests have already been seen on the streets and in the media .
greek prime minister lucas papdemos is yet to comment on the proposal from chancellor angela merkel 's government .
the plan would see his state stripped of its power to control tax and spending .
voters in greece have already expressed anger about eu moves to .
intervene in its reform process , and any proposal to surrender yet more powers to brussels could prompt further protests .
under the extraordinary extension of european control , the commissioner would be able to veto .
decisions taken by the greek government if they were not in line with .
targets set by international lenders .
the proposal , which highlights the .
deep level of mistrust between greece and other eu countries , was apparently .
circulated to finance ministry officials from the eurozone countries .
yesterday afternoon .
` given .
the disappointing compliance so far , greece has to accept shifting .
budgetary sovereignty to the european level for a certain period of .
time , '' the document reportedly says .
`` budget consolidation has to be put under a .
strict steering and control system .
'' many greeks are already protesting against moves by the eu to force a cut in state spending .
the german plan comes after months of worsening relationships between eu member states and greece .
the appointment of economist lucas papademos as technocratic prime minister in november has not helped improve attitudes towards the financially stricken country .
the proposal comes amid intense .
talks to finalise the second rescue package for greece , which has .
repeatedly failed to meet the fiscal targets set out for it by its .
international lenders .
greece first needs to