rangers boss ally mccoist has told dundee united chairman stephen thompson to stop ` moaning ' as the row over the charlie telfer transfer fee rumbles on .
an spfl tribunal this week ordered the tannadice club to fork out # 204,000 in compensation to the ibrox club after signing the youngster in the summer .
rarely used by mccoist , scotland under-19 midfielder telfer turned down a new contract after 10 years at rangers to team up with jackie mcnamara 's side on a bosman and was named spfl young player of the month for november .
dundee united have been told to pay rangers # 204,000 for youngster charlie telfer -lrb- second from left -rrb- .
after tuesday 's verdict , united chief thompson , who had initially offered # 100,000 for the 19-year-old , described the figure as ` ridiculously prohibitive ' and warned it could have a serious impact on young scottish players ' ability to move clubs under freedom of contract .
but mccoist hit back by claiming thompson has no reason to complain because he knew the regulations before making his move to land the talented teenager .
` stephen knew the rules before he went and got charlie , ' said mccoist .
` i do n't think you can complain about the rules after you make your own decision .
you have to abide by them .
` of course i can understand dundee united 's disappointment and frustration .
but they knew the rules before -lsb- they signed telfer -rsb- and now they are having a moan about the rules .
i 'm not so sure i can understand people complaining about the rules after when they know the rules .
` we got our just rewards for the education we gave charlie over the last 10 years .
' the rangers boss will be without star man lewis macleod tonight for the championship clash against queen of the south but revealed the hamstring injury sustained in the horror petrofac training cup semi-final defeat at alloa wo n't lead to a lengthy spell on the sidelines for the recent scotland call-up .
rangers boss ally mccoist believes dundee united chairman stephen thompson should stop complaining .
yet , while mccoist says there is nothing to report on interest in the creative midfielder , he does n't expect his injury to render