by .
mark duell .
gunmen killed three egyptian soldiers in an attack on a bus today - prompting a warning from the army that it would eliminate the muslim brotherhood .
al qaeda-inspired islamist militant groups in sinai have stepped up attacks on security forces since the army toppled president mohamed mursi in july after mass protests against his rule .
some 49 people were killed yesterday in anti-government protests which were attacked by supporters of the new political order and security forces , witnesses said .
scroll down for video .
attack : his appearance comes as british holidaymakers are repeatedly told to stay indoors in egypt 's capital after 80 people died during a weekend of street clashes .
above , protestors throw stones and glass at police .
help : supporters of the muslim brotherhood and ousted egyptian president mohamed mursi carry an injured demonstrator who was shot during clashes in cairo .
deaths : supporters of egypt 's army and police at tahrir square , on the third anniversary of egypt 's uprising .
yesterday was the third anniversary of the uprising that toppled autocrat hosni mubarak .
security forces said they fired live rounds on brotherhood supporters as they tried to set up a sit-in in cairo .
security sources said that 23 people died in the incident , 22 from by bullet wounds , and that they were included in the official death toll of 49 .
the violence showed deep divisions that have flared often since the 2011 revolt that raised hopes of a stable democracy .
the military blames the brotherhood for much of egypt 's political violence .
in another attack in lawless sinai , five soldiers were killed yesterday when an army helicopter crashed in the north of the peninsula in an operation against militants .
it was a missile attack , security sources said , without giving further details .
the army has not commented on the cause of the crash .
militant group ansar bayt al-maqdis -lrb- supporters of jerusalem -rrb- claimed responsibility for a rocket attack on an army helicopter in a statement posted on the internet .
fire : supporters of the brotherhood and president mursi close the road during clashes with riot police in cairo .
protection : a riot policeman sits inside a police vehicle on october bridge during the clashes with protestors