an armed robber who died when eight have-a-go heroes sat on top of him during a bungled jewellery shop raid said ' i ca n't breathe ' shortly before his death , an inquest has heard .
clint townsend died when shoppers piled on top of him during a raid at oxford 's historic covered market in march last year .
the 33-year-old , who was wearing motorcycle gear and a helmet , had smashed the window of a jewellery shop repeatedly with a sledgehammer , before wrestling with the store 's manager and owner .
onlookers had gone to the aid of jewellery shop staff after seeing townsend and another man attacking the store with a sledgehammer and smoke bombs .
they forced the 33-year-old would-be robber to the ground and kept him there until police arrived .
scroll down for video .
clint townsend was sat on by passers-by and two employees of the jewellery shop he tried to raid in the historic covered market , in oxford , an inquest has heard .
mr townsend was suspected of putting smoke bombs and smashing gowing goldsmith & jewellers window with a sledgehammer when he was sat on until police arrived , a coroner was told .
he was found to be unresponsive and was given emergency first aid , before being rushed to hospital , where he died the next day .
flooring company owner darren maunder and his employer oliver lewis , who had been working in the historic covered market in oxford , on march 30 last year , spoke of the raid at an inquest today .
mr lewis said that as he walked past he heard the man being held down say something like ' i ca n't breathe ' a number of times but his voice was muffled by the helmet .
a woman bystander then said : ' i think it 's just an act .
' mr lewis told the inquest : ' i would have thought he was using it as a get-out-of-jail-free card .
' recalling the events , mr maunder said : ` we heard a mighty bang .
it sounded at first like a bomb had gone off or something had gone wrong .
` we 're always wary of a loud noise and i thought something had happened to one of my chaps .
' he