the irish tourist who left his brother fighting for life in an alleged one-punch attack has pleaded for a lesser charge in a bid to head home soon with his family .
barry lyttle , 33 , is facing reckless grievous bodily harm charges after he allegedly struck his brother patrick , 31 , during a late-night argument in kings cross in sydney 's inner-city on january 3 .
patrick was taken to hospital in a critical condition and spent six days in a coma in the intensive care unit at st vincent 's hospital before being moved to a rehabilitation centre in ryde .
after making a remarkable recovery , patrick called for the charges laid against his brother to be dropped .
scroll down for video .
barry lyttle -lrb- pictured -rrb- hopes to head home soon with his family after negotiating for a lesser charge .
speaking outside the court , lyttle 's lawyer chris watson said the family were hoping the director of public prosecutions would agree to a lesser charge , which could be finalised in the local court .
` the best-case scenario is that whatever happens it does n't impact on the family 's ability to go home , ' mr watson said .
mr watson said the family were waiting for the prosecution to consider a medical report of patrick 's condition before continuing negotiations .
` we are pressing to bring the matter to a close as quickly as we can , ' he said outside of court .
` we 're just waiting for the dpp to look at the evidence that shows that patrick 's recovered fully and there 's no ongoing problems .
' barry -lrb- left -rrb- is facing reckless grievous bodily harm charges after he allegedly struck his brother patrick -lrb- right -rrb- .
the brothers from belfast in ireland -lrb- pictured here as children -rrb- went on a night out on january 3 in kings cross .
the family has been in australia for months , supporting the brothers .
lyttle told reporters he hoped ` it would come to a close very soon ' .
patrick said he had recovered well and did n't need ongoing treatment ` i 'm just delighted with all the treatment that i 've received , ' he said .
he and his brother are supporting each other `