a london home in a block where mussolini 's ambassador once arranged for parades of oswald mosley 's blackshirts to celebrate the italian dictator 's birthday has gone on sale for # 4.25 million .
the luxury property has just become one of the most expensive two-bedroom houses in history when it went on sale for 24 times the price it was sold for in 1985 .
built in 1908 by joseph sawyer under the auspices of eustace balfour , the chief architect and surveyor for the grosvenor estate , it is based in one of mayfair 's most historic gated mews .
this stunning home , which is spread over three floors which a large living room , in located in a historic , gated mews in mayfair , london .
three kings yard mews , near claridges in mayfair , has a long and fascinating history .
during the 1930s , one of houses in three kings yard mews was turned into the chancery of the italian embassy .
in the run-up to the second world war , dino grandi , a fascist minister and a huge supporter of benito mussolini , was appointed as italian ambassador to london .
he took huge pleasure in organising parades of the blackshirts in the mews courtyard to celebrate events such as mussolini 's birthday and italian national day .
the luxury property has just become one of the most expensive two-bedroom houses in history when it went on sale for 24 times the price it was sold for in 1985 .
built in 1908 by joseph sawyer under the auspices of eustace balfour , the chief architect and surveyor for the grosvenor estate , it offers 1,398 sq/ft of space .
the house is located three kings yard mews which was the base of the chancery of the italian embassy during the 1930s in the run up to the second world war .
sir oswald mosley , founder of the british blackshirts which later became known as the british union of fascists , was a regular visitor during this time .
but the blackshirts ' visits outraged residents in mayfair , and the gates would regularly be closed after being besieged by protesters and members of the press .
despite its chequered past , the mews ' luxury homes have become highly sought after by london based business people ,