bones that could belong to king alfred the great have been exhumed from a churchyard over fears that they might be stolen or vandalised .
it couldbe the year for discovering notorious monarchs .
just weeks after remains found under a car park were confirmed as richard iii , archaeologists now believe they may just have stumbled on alfred the great .
amid great secrecy , a team exhumed an unmarked grave at a more fitting location for a royal burial - a churchyard in winchester named in ancient documents as his burial place .
after a delicate 10-hour operation on monday , human skeletal remains were unearthed in the churchyard of st bartholomew 's in the hyde area of the city , and taken for storage at an undisclosed location .
unearthing alfred the great , the anglo-saxon king who fought off the vikings and established the foundations of our law codes and justice system , would be one of the most significant finds ever .
historians agree that the king , who died in the year 899 after a distinguished 28-year reign , had a great impact on britain today , safeguarding the english language and christian religion .
but archaelogists admit discovering him would be a very long shot , as unlike richard iii who remained under the same car park for five hundred years , alfred 's bones were moved at least twice .
earlier this year , katie tucker , an archaeologist from the university of winchester leading the search admitted it would be difficult to prove any remains are his - but hoped her team could prove the age of the bones .
she said : ` if the bones are from around the 10th century then that is proof they are alfred and his family , because hyde abbey was not built until the 12th century , and there is no reason for any other bones from the 10th century to be there .
' no-one from the university would comment on the latest developments last night , as the exhumation was carried out behind metal screens on monday and yesterday in total secrecy for security reasons - although filmed by a tv company .
it is not known how alfred the great died , but he was buried in the old minster , the anglo-saxon cathedral in winchester .
archaeologists carried out