by .
ellie zolfagharifard .
in the world of online shopping , customer reviews can make or break a sale -- but not in the way you might expect .
a new u.s. study suggests that negative reviews written politely could help sell a product .
in a series of five experiments , scientists looked at how including a marker of politeness in a negative online review affected the image of both the reviewer and the product being sold .
a new u.s. study suggests that negative reviews written honestly and politely could help sell a product .
markers of politeness could include phrases like ` i 'll be honest , ' and ` i do n't want to be mean , but ... ' in one experiment , participants were asked to read a page-long description of a luxury watch .
two versions of the product description were used , one of which added the polite customer complaint : ` i do n't want to be mean , but the band pinches a bit .
' phrases ` i 'll be honest , ' and ' i do n't want to be mean , but ... ' are ways to soften the arrival of bad news on online retail websites such as amazon .
a recent study of 1,193 american online shoppers by yougov has found that sites such as amazon , tripadvisor and yelp are now the go-to destinations for customers who want to cut through advertising waffle and discover what products and services are really like.nearly half of respondents in the survey said that the most popular site for online reviews .
was amazon .
this was followed by google and yahoo on .
14 per cent and 13 per cent respectively .
yelp came fourth with 10 per cent , and tripadvisor was fifth with eight per cent .
movie site rotten tomatoes received two per cent , while air bnb and seamless both featured in one per cent of the reviews .
` other websites ' were quoted as the final 8 per cent .
according to the yougov research , 39 per cent of people have never left an online review .
results revealed that people were willing to pay # 24 -lrb- $ 41 -rrb- more for the watch if they read the description that included the marker of politeness .
` most