by .
sarah griffiths .
torture permanently damages a human 's normal perception of discomfort , scientists have warned .
this picture is posed by an actor .
torture permanently damages a human 's normal perception of discomfort , scientists have warned .
ex-prisoners of war -lrb- pows -rrb- , continue to .
suffer from ` dysfunctional pain perception and regulation ' , likely as a .
result of their torture , according to israeli researchers .
they found the ex-soldiers ' bodies do not recover from immediate pain as quickly as people who have not been tortured and that they also feel pain more acutely if it is reoccurring .
a team of scientists studied the long-term effects of torture on the human pain system by looking at a group of israeli soldiers 40 years after they were captured .
the soldiers who took part in the study were seized during the 1973 yom kippur war and were subjected to brutal torture in egypt and syria .
held alone in tiny , filthy spaces for weeks or months , sometimes handcuffed and blindfolded , they suffered severe beatings , burns , electric shocks and starvation , and rather than receiving treatment , additional torture was inflicted on existing wounds .
now research by professor ruth defrin of the department of physical therapy in the sackler faculty of medicine at tel aviv university , shows that ex pows continue to suffer from dysfunctional pain perception and regulation , probably as a result of their bad treatment decades ago .
the study , which was conducted in .
collaboration with professor zahava solomon and professor karni ginzburg .
of the university 's bob shapell school of social work and professor .
mario mikulincer of the school of psychology at the interdisciplinary .
centre , herzliya , was published in the european journal of pain .
` the human body 's pain system can either inhibit or excite pain .
it 's two sides of the same coin , said professor defrin .
` usually , when it does more of one , it does less of the other , but in israeli ex pows , torture appears to have caused dysfunction in both directions .
our findings emphasise that tissue damage can have long-term systemic effects and needs to be treated immediately .
' a team of scientists studied the long-term