ten-year-old twin brothers obsessed with naval history had their passion come to life as they heard first-hand battle stories from their new best friend - 89-year-old world war ii veteran , robert harding .
carter and jack hanson , who live in raleigh , north carolina , met their hero on the yorktown - a retired carrier in charleston , where mr harding served as an aircraft handler decades before , cbs reported .
it was an emotional first meeting for the three friends who had been in contact for about a year via email after the twins learned about mr harding on their first trip to yorktown and the patriot 's point museum .
scroll down for video .
world war ii veteran bob harding , of oklahoma , began exchanging emails with carter and jack hanson of raleigh , north carolina about a year ago .
they recently had the chance to meet each other on board the yorktown aircraft carrier where he once served .
unbreakable bond : the three friends had an emotional first meeting on the retired war ship during a recent visit to charleston , south carolina .
mr harding -lrb- pictured -rrb- served as an aircraft handler on the warship many decades before his young friends were born .
the friends sent each other emails every day but only got to meet on board the yorktown recently .
they spent the day exploring the ship together with the boys hearing first-hand just what life was like on board a real battleship .
the boys told cbs in an interview that meeting mr harding , who lives in oklahoma , has changed their lives .
carter said : ` we want to know what his voice actually sounds like .
we want to touch him .
we want to know him a lot more .
' the ten-year-old added : ' i just realized how amazing history can be .
' and getting first-person history lessons has n't only been good for the twins , it appeared mr harding had been looking for someone to share his stories with .
the veteran told cbs : ' i guess i needed somebody to talk to about it .
it 's surprising the way it worked out .
' the 89-year-old vet is still married and has a couple of children along with grandchildren and several