more than 400 war heroes , army generals and rank-and-file soldiers have issued a plea to scottish voters warning that independence would leave britain 's defences ` irresponsibly weakened ' .
the former servicemen and women - who are all eligible to vote - have signed a statement entitled ` we are stronger when we stand together ' urging scots to vote against separation on thursday .
the signatories boast a who 's who of scotland 's military history over the last seventy years , including six former heads of the army in scotland and the two ww2 veterans who helped sink the bismark and its sister ship the tirpitz - lt cdr jock moffat and lt cdr john lorimer .
in the statement , the veterans warn voters that the only way to safeguard scotland 's interests in the future is to vote against independence .
scroll down for video .
warning : military veterans including jock moffat , left , and john lorimer , right , have spoken out against scottish independence .
they said : ` as former members of the royal navy , british army and royal air force who are proud to call scotland our home , we passionately believe that the people of scotland will be stronger and more secure if we remain part of the united kingdom .
` we are in no doubt that were scotland to break away from the united kingdom the current arrangements for defending all these islands would be irresponsibly weakened .
' ` we recognise that when deciding which way to vote we will all be influenced by many different factors .
however in defence terms there is no question about it .
we are a great deal better together .
' the statement also expressed concern over the snp 's plans to set up a separate scottish defence force with a budget of just # 2.5 billion a year .
plans : alex salmond says that an independent scotland would set up a # 2.5 billion scottish defence force .
` we see no evidence that the snp 's proposals for the defence and security of an independent scotland could possibly provide us with a credible , effective defence force capable of securing the interests of scotland and our people .
` britain 's armed forces represent a potent safeguard against those who mean us harm