the disturbing world of amateur pornography has been laid bare by a new documentary called ` hot girls wanted , ' which premiered at the sundance film festival on saturday .
the insightful look at the world of pornography shows just how easy it is for teenagers , in particular , to get caught up in a sex trade that promises big bucks and fame .
but in a revealing peek into the billion dollar industry , documentary filmmakers exposed how professionally produced films are being made to look like home movies .
scroll down for video .
girls : in a revealing peek into the billion dollar industry , documentary filmmakers exposed how professionally produced films are being made to look like home movies .
hot girls : the director/producer ronna gradus , actress/producer rashida jones , center , and director/producer jill bauer from ` hot girls wanted ' ` hot girls wanted , ' was shot by jill bauer and ronna gradus , and produced by rashida jones .
it showed how craigslist ads which promised free flights to miami bring in a constant stream of would-be porn stars .
during the film , riley , a 23-year-old ` agent ' hosts half a dozen young women eager to enter the industry at his miami home .
he says casually : ` every day , another girl turns 18 .
' but the brutal world of pornography only gives girls aged 18 - to 21 a career span that typically lasts just three months , due to high turnover .
tressa , an 18-year-old girl featured in the film , admits she was attracted to porn as a way to escape her texas hometown .
tressa silguero in ` hot girls wanted ' : the 18-year-old featured in the film and admits she was attracted to porn as a way to escape her texas hometown .
film subjects kendall plemons and tressa silguero attend the ` hot girls wanted ' premiere during the 2015 sundance film festival on january 24 , 2015 in park city , utah .
she said she earned $ 25,000 in her four months in the industry , but after paying for lingerie , manicures , makeup and biweekly std tests , she only had about $ 2,000 in her bank account when she quit the business .
` it 's easy to take