by .
gemma mullin for mailonline .
shoppers dusted off their shoulder pads and donned their biggest flares as they were taken back in time wit a show of britain 's favourite fashions from decades past .
the marks and spencer company archive showcased pieces from the swinging sixties , super seventies and eccentric eighties with a nostalgic event in leeds today -- where the retailer 's story began .
more than 70,000 historic items were on display and guests were asked to dress in items from the era were they could enjoy being pampered by two vintage make-up and hair artists .
scroll down for video .
marks and spencer 's has taken shoppers back in time with its exhibition of fashion - including this 1972 crimplene mini dress -lrb- left -rrb- and 1960 green poplin shirt dress .
more than 70,000 historic items were on display in leeds today including this man 's suit from 1974 -lrb- left -rrb- and a crimplene royal blue maxi dress from the 1970s -lrb- right -rrb- .
the archive demonstrates how style evolved for men , women and children over the three decade period - in a time when the miniskirt and bell-bottom flares were all the rage .
visitors could take part in twisting and disco dancing classes and the best dressed was in with a chance of winning a # 50 m&s voucher .
helen chatterton , education and outreach officer at the m&s company archive , said : ` these three decades are key to the development of technology , fashion and pop culture , so we are thrilled that we can use the resources here at the archive to transport visitors to these iconic decades .
' there were also a mixture of fashion adverts , in store display photography and product images on show .
m&s archivist helen chatterton with a 1977 floral kaftan and right , man 's casual attire c. , 1980 .
she says these three decades are ` key to the development of technology ' an m&s catalogue from 1967 , while the retailer was still operating under the brand name of st michael , in honour of the company 's co-founder michael marks .
helen chatterton from the m&s archive poses with the items of clothing that went on display today .
visitors were asked to don clothes from the era for