by .
daily mail reporter .
this incredible photograph has sparked debate and confusion across the internet .
the image , which has sweeped across social media sites , appears to show a python that has just finished a human-sized meal .
while suggestions about where the picture may have been taken range between asia , africa and america , the general consensus is that this snake 's food was human .
this incredible photograph , which appears to show a snake shortly after a human-sized meal , has sparked debate and confusion across the internet .
one website claims it was taken in india , where the mighty snake swallowed a sleeping drunkard .
another version goes that the snake swallowed a woman in durban north , south africa , this summer , and that the picture was taken by a reporter .
the picture has also been claimed to have been taken in jakarta , indonesia , and guyana , south america .
there have also been stories that the snake was found in game reserve before eating its rescuer .
many others , including the website hoax slayer , have claimed the photograph is fake .
if real , this would not be the first reported incident involving a python eating a human whole .
one of the deadliest creatures in the world , this would not represent the first time a python has eaten a human .
in 2002 , a 20ft python reportedly swallowed a ten-year-old boy whole in durban , south africa , in the first recorded man-eating incident for its species .
meanwhile , last month a ten-foot albino burmese python swallowed two cats in florida , united states .
elsewhere , in 2011 a 16-foot python was found in the everglades national park , united states , after swallowing a whole adult deer .
python snakes are found in countries across africa , asia and australia .
they are also now found in north america after making their way into the everglades national park , florida .
there are currently 26 species of python recognised across the world .
reported attacks on humans are rare , and the snake is generaly expected to remain calm unless startled or provoked .
their victims are killed by constriction and then swallowed whole .
depending on the size of the prey , the digestion process