based 4,300 miles away in memphis , tennessee , the pilgrimage to elvis presley 's graceland mansion has previously been confined to only the most devoted fans .
but with 300 of the king 's most personal items being shipped to london for a nine-month public exhibition , soon anyone with a love of the king will be able to have the full ` graceland experience ' .
the elvis at the o2 exhibition will include some of the singer 's trademark pieces , such as the leather outfit from his 1968 television special , the american eagle jumpsuit presley wore in the aloha to hawaii concert , the red mg roadster from his film blue hawaii and his custom-made ` taking care of business ' ring .
scroll down for video .
fans of elvis presley will get the chance to see some of his personal items when an exhibition comes to london next month .
he is pictured wearing his aloha jumpsuit , which is among the 300-piece collection .
but it will also give a rare insight into presley 's personal life , putting on display items such as the first christmas present he was bought by priscilla , 69 , his wallet containing a picture of his two year old daughter lisa marie and a gold phone from his home .
presley was found dead in the bathroom of graceland on august 16 , 1977 , aged 42 shortly before he was scheduled to begin another tour .
angie marchese , graceland 's director of archives , said : ` elvis did n't have anything out in graceland that did n't mean something to him because , obviously , he has thousands of pieces and gifts from fans , so everything elvis chose to put out was special to him .
` i have close to a million documents , 5,000 pieces of wardrobe in the collection , it 's massive .
how i chose the exhibition was i asked myself : `` what are the key pieces that tell this story '' and i kept in mind that the majority of the people who come and see this exhibition will probably never have a chance to come and visit graceland .
` i wanted them to feel like they were part of this magical legacy that elvis has left behind .
so it was really