for a second , it looked like jermaine kearse would lead the seattle seahawks to a spectacular victory with one of the craziest catches in super bowl history .
but while the 24-year-old wide receiver used every part of his body to make the unbelievable bobbling catch late in the fourth quarter of the game - it was n't enough to see off the new england patriots .
in the final minutes of the game , quarterback russell wilson was moving the seahawks down the field in a bid to erase a four-point deficit .
scroll down for video .
wide receiver jermaine kearse made one of the craziest catches in super bowl history but it was n't enough to secure victory for the seattle seahawks .
late in the fourth quarter , kearse used every part of his body to make the unbelievable bobbling catch which was tipped by new england patriots cornerback malcolm butler .
wilson entered the two-minute warning in new england territory and threw a deep pass to kearse down the right sideline .
it was well defended by patriots cornerback malcolm butler , who tipped the ball .
but kearse refused to let the ball touch the ground - and an incredible circus catch saw him juggle the ball four times before bringing it under his control , bringing the seahawks to the one-yard line .
sadly , any hope of victory was soon dashed when wilson threw an interception a couple of plays later to end the game 28-24 .
kearse wrote on twitter : ` tough loss today but so grateful for the opportunity and so appreciative of my teammates .
' he added : ` this team is special and blessed to be a part of it .
' the new england patriots sealed their win when rookie malcolm butler intercepted a pass from wilson at the new england end zone in the final seconds of the game .
the 24-year-old took to twitter to express his disappointment , but added he is ` grateful ' to be part of the team .
any hope of victory for the seahawks was dashed moments later when malcolm butler intercepted a pass from quarterback wilson to end the game 28-24 .
in the final seconds , it was malcolm butler 's interception -lrb- pictured -rrb- that prevented the seahawks from winning .
stadium :