franck ribery has dismissed reports linking wolfsburg forward kevin de bruyne with bayern munich as a potential replacement for the former france international or his team-mate arjen robben .
de bruyne , who spent his two years at chelsea largely on loan before joining the second-placed bundesliga club , has scored nine goals this season and is topping the league 's assist charts with 16 -- seven more than the next best .
but ribery says despite his impressive form the 23-year-old belgian is the wrong style of player to come in under pep guardiola because he has different assets to himself and the holland winger .
kevin de bruyne is linked with bayern munich as a potential replacement for the club 's veteran forwards .
the wolfsburg playmaker , here in action for belgium against israel , has 16 assists and nine goals this season .
bayern 's franck ribery says despite de bruyne 's impressive form he is the wrong type of player for munich .
` he is not a player who takes the ball and dribbles forward and likes to have the opponents in front of him , ' ribery told german publication sport bild .
` de bruyne is great , when he fits the counterattack .
at bayern , however , you usually only have three or four metres in front of you , not a lot of room .
but he is a good player and he is still young , so he can still learn .
' ribery and robben 's contracts run out in 2017 and both have endured injuries worries of late prompting reports that an injection of youth such as 23-year-old de bruyne could be good for the club .
ribery -lrb- left -rrb- says de bruyne 's counter-attacking skills do n't mesh with the style of pep guardiola -lrb- right -rrb- .
ribery has struggled with injuries of late and has been linked with moves away from the bundesliga leaders .
should bayern be in the market for a young attacker , however , ribery knows precisely who he 'd want to see at allianz arena -- de bruyne 's belgian team-mate eden hazard .
` he attacks all of the time .
he loves to run at his opponent , ' he said .
` but he plays at chelsea - this could be very expensive for