even in a world of flash cars and designer clothes , many will be familiar with the saying : ` money does n't buy happiness .
' it turns out , there are things that you can do to make you feel slightly happier everyday .
the best part ?
according to author of happier people healthier planet , dr teresa belton , they 're all completely free .
dr teresa belton insists that there are many simple things - such as inviting a lonely person out to tea - that we can do on a daily basis to increase happiness , and they are all free .
researcher and education expert at the university of east anglia , dr teresa belton , believes that people living modestly tend to find more satisfaction in their lives .
simple activities such as inviting someone out for a cup of tea , singing in a community choir and practicing good posture can all improve general wellbeing .
this is because they are all activities that generate a sense of belonging , and help the person adopt confident habits .
author belton has insisted that practices as small as going on walks can be calming and restorative .
the 62-year-old believes simple acts such as straightening posture -lrb- left -rrb- and joining a community choir -lrb- right -rrb- can increase happiness levels over time .
firstly the doctor emphasises that it is important to prioritise ` wellbeing ' over happiness .
belton says : ` wellbeing is a continuing state , while happiness can come and go .
wellbeing means that we both feel good and function well .
' her book , happier people healthier planet , supports the belief that while many strive for material things that may generate temporary happiness , it is not sustainable way to be .
belton insists that it 's actually non-material things that support our wellbeing , like good relationships and a sense of belonging .
list five things for which you are grateful : whether they are big or small things , belton recommends doing this for ten weeks can have a big impact on wellbeing .
among her simply everyday tips to feeling happier right away - see below - she highlights seemingly trivial activities such as standing up straight and smiling , and even hanging washing up outdoors .
the doctor and