by .
becky evans .
published : .
14:16 est , 12 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
15:32 est , 12 december 2012 .
spared jail : marie friendship , pictured arriving at bristol crown court , was given a suspended sentence after admitting an affair with a teenage boy .
a married woman who had a six-month relationship with a teenage boy has been spared jail today .
marie jane friendship , 38 , told people she was in love with the teenager and even sought advice from a solicitor about the legality of the affair .
prosecutor kenneth bell told bristol crown court friendship was wrongly told there was no criminal offence because the boy was over 16 years old .
he said the affair , which happened while she was living with her partner of 18 years , only came to light because she told others .
friendship , of whitchurch , bristol , admitted one count of having sexual activity with a child by a person in a position of trust .
she was given a six-month prison sentence suspended for two years today .
judge julian lambert accepted the affair resulted from ` genuine affection on both sides ' .
mr bell said there was no way of knowing how the affair affected the boy as he ` declined to assist police in any way ' .
the relationship ended when legal proceedings began .
friendship was charged with a position of trust offence , which aims to protect children over the age of consent who have the potential to be vulnerable to sexual abuse by adults in positions of trust .
robert duval , defending , said .
friendship 's life had been wrecked by her actions and now she could not .
even get employment as a cleaner .
he said : ` she has never been in trouble in any way , shape or form in her life before these events .
` it is to her credit that she has been as frank as she has to the sexual relationship that has taken place .
` had she not done so it is probable , .
although not certain , that she would not have been prosecuted and this .
matter would have made no news and she would not have appeared in the .
dock of a