experts today named discount supermarket aldi as the best place to buy wine with some of its # 3.99 bottles judged better that ones being sold elsewhere for # 45 .
the budget supermarket was named the new wine retailer of the year at the prestigious drinks retailing awards , beating previous winner waitrose , and top drinks merchant majestic wine .
the award , designed to celebrate the best wine merchants in the country , is the latest accolade aldi has received for its wine range .
last year the retailer - which sells wine from just # 2.99 a bottle - was handed 121 medals at international competitions .
scroll down for video .
cream of the crop : budget supermarket aldi has been named as the best place to buy wine - stealing the crown from last year 's winner waitrose .
it is the latest in a series of gongs for the german discount chain .
cheap : the supermarket giant 's wines - including a baron saint jean rosé -lrb- left -rrb- - start at just # 2.99 .
one of the cheapest medal-winners last year was its # 3.99 kooliburra reserve shiraz -lrb- right -rrb- , which won a silver medal .
these included gold at the international wine challenge for its caversham cream sherry , which costs # 5.25 .
it was also given gold at the decanter world wine awards for the exquisite collection plan de dieu , which costs # 6.49 .
it was one of only six rhone reds in the world to receive a gold medal .
other awards included a gold at the international wine challenge for the exquisite collection marlborough sauvignon blanc -lrb- # 7.99 -rrb- ; the only dry sauvignon blanc to win .
and aldi 's kooliburra australian shiraz cabernet 2013 -lrb- # 3.99 -rrb- got a silver award at the international wine & spirits competition , beating a host of expensive bottles .
these included the eileen hardy shiraz 2010 , which typically retails at # 45 - 11 times the price of the aldi winner .
cheap : aldi wines won 121 medals in international competitions last year , including gold for its caversham cream sherry , which costs # 5.25 -lrb- left -rrb- and its # 7.99 exquisite collection marlborough sauvignon blanc -lrb- right -rrb- .
beaten : last year 's winner