it looked like a typical sunday morning at any mega-church .
several hundred people , including families with small children , packed in for more than an hour of rousing music , an inspirational sermon , a reading and some quiet reflection .
the only thing missing was god.nearly three dozen gatherings dubbed ` atheist mega-churches ' by supporters and detractors have sprung up around the u.s. and australia - with more to come - after finding success in great britain earlier this year .
the movement fueled by social media and spearheaded by two prominent british comedians is no joke .
scroll down for video .
attendees play a game with each other at the sunday assembly , a godless congregation founded by british comedians sanderson jones and pippa evans .
on sunday , the inaugural sunday assembly in los angeles , calif. attracted several hundred people bound by their belief in non-belief .
similar gatherings in san diego , nashville , new york and other u.s. cities have drawn hundreds of atheists seeking the camaraderie of a congregation without religion or ritual.the founders , british duo sanderson jones and pippa evans , are currently on a tongue-in-cheek '40 dates , 40 nights ' tour around the u.s. and australia to drum up donations and help launch new sunday assemblies .
they hope to raise more than $ 800,000 that will help atheists launch their pop-up congregations around the world .
so far , they have raised about $ 50,000 .
they do n't bash believers but want to find a new way to meet like-minded people , engage in the community and make their presence more visible in a landscape dominated by faith .
british comedians sanderson jones , right , and pippa evans smile as they go over their presentation before the sunday assembly in l.a. on sunday .
church choir : the british duo sing the song , ` lean on me , ' by bill withers .
jones got the first inkling for the idea while leaving a christmas carol concert six years ago .
` there was so much about it that i loved , but it 's a shame because at the heart of it , it 's something i do n't believe in , ' jones said .
` if you think about church , there 's very little that 's bad