a hazardous drug that eliminates free will and can wipe the memory of its victims is currently being dealt on the streets of colombia .
the drug is called scopolamine , but is colloquially known as ` the devil 's breath , ' and is derived from a particular type of tree common to south america .
stories surrounding the drug are the stuff of urban legends , with some telling horror stories of how people were raped , forced to empty their bank accounts , and even coerced into giving up an organ .
scroll down for video .
danger : ` the devil 's breath ' is such a powerful drug that it can remove the capacity for free will .
deadly drug : scopolamine is made from the borrachero tree , which blooms with deceptively beautiful white and yellow flowers .
vice 's ryan duffy travelled to the country to find out more about the powerful drug .
in two segments , he revealed the shocking culture of another colombian drug world , interviewing those who deal the drug and those who have fallen victim to it .
demencia black , a drug dealer in the capital of bogota , said the drug is frightening for the simplicity in which it can be administered .
he told vice that scopolamine can be blown in the face of a passer-by on the street , and within minutes , that person is under the drug 's effect - scopolamine is odourless and tasteless .
` you can guide them wherever you want , ' he explained .
` it 's like they 're a child .
' black said that one gram of scopolamine is similar to a gram of cocaine , but later called it ` worse than anthrax .
' in high doses , it is lethal .
it only takes a moment : one drug dealer in bogota explained how victims are drugged within minutes of exposure .
victims : one colombian woman said that under the influence of scopolamine , she led a man to her house and helped him ransack it .
the drug , he said , turns people into complete zombies and blocks memories from forming .
so even after the drug wears off , victims have no recollection as to what happened .
one victim told vice that a man approached