by .
associated press reporter .
published : .
17:19 est , 9 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:31 est , 9 july 2013 .
the air force has pulled a brochure circulated at a south carolina base after a lawmaker complained about some objectionable advice to sexual assault victims - such as submitting to an attack rather than resisting .
the brochure included advice that congresswoman louise slaughter described as victim-blaming and inappropriate as the .
military struggles with the problem of sexual assault .
` if you .
are attacked , it may be advisable to submit than to resist , ' the .
brochure reads .
` you have to make this decision based on circumstances .
be especially careful if the attack has a weapon .
' complaint : senator louise slaughter wrote to the air force about the controversial brochure .
pulled : the air force has removed this brochure from circulation after a lawmaker complained about some objectionable advice to sexual assault victims such as submitting to an attack rather than resisting .
the brochure also contained some common-sense recommendations , such as .
checking around a car before entering and using dead-bolt locks and .
peepholes when home alone .
problem : the deparment of defense estimates that there are 26,000 sexual assaults a year in the military .
the brochure suggested that if an .
individual is accosted in a parking lot , ` consider rolling underneath a .
nearby auto and scream loud .
it is .
difficult to force anyone out from under a car .
' more ... how many women find street harassment flattering ?
none : new wave of websites reveal terrifying reality of catcalling .
award-winning fifth grade teacher , 48 , ` molested one of her 10-year-old male students on and off campus ' representative louise slaughter , democratic senator for the state of new .
york , who complained about the brochure in may , on tuesday released a .
copy of a letter she received from the pentagon informing her of the air .
force 's decision and steps the services are taking to deal with the .
epidemic of sexual assault in the ranks , including reviewing its .
prevention material .
` we have reviewed the shaw air force base brochure you mentioned in your letter , '