by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
03:37 est , 1 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
18:55 est , 1 february 2014 .
baroness sally morgan has claimed she is being forced out of as chairman of schools watchdog ofsted in a government move to oust non-tories from key posts .
the labour peer 's contract , due to end this month , has not been renewed .
she said last night : ` there is a determined effort from no 10 that conservative supporters will be appointed to public bodies .
' a source close to lib dem schools minister david laws said : ` the decision to get rid of sally morgan had absolutely nothing to do with her abilities and everything to do with michael gove 's desire to get his own people on board .
' labour peer baroness sally morgan -lrb- pictured with alastair campbell -rrb- currently chairs the schools inspectorate ofsted , but has reportedly been told she will not be given a second three-year term at the watchdog .
a no 10 spokesman admitted that mr gove had taken the decision , but denied that it was political .
` this government appoints people on merit .
for example , sally morgan herself , ' he said .
david cameron was today accused of seeking to purge public bodies of officials who do not support the conservative party .
speaking on bbc radio 4 's today programme , she added : ' i am the latest of a fairly long list of people now who are non-conservative supporters who are not being re-appointed .
' i think there is absolutely a pattern .
it 's extremely worrying .
' it .
was reported that michael gove was keen to appoint a ` fresh face ' - .
despite the fact that lady morgan , a labour peer , is a strong supporter .
of the education secretary 's free schools and academies .
however , she insisted today that she .
had not fallen out with mr gove and suggested that no 10 was behind the .
decision not to give her another three-year term .
` one .
of the really important things about public appointments is that they .
are made on the basis of merit and they are seen to be transparently .
made ,