they were supposed to be getting a good view of the sea during a walk along the newquay coastline .
but three intrepid tourists got into difficulty when they failed to remember the tide was coming in .
the trio were left stranded and desperately calling for help as the water started to come in around the rock they were standing on .
scroll down for video .
three walkers had to be rescued by a lifeboat crew after they became stuck on a rock as they walked along the beach near newquay and had lost track of time and were unaware the tide was coming in , trapping them .
a lifeboat crew rescued them just minutes before the rock became completely submerged because of the incoming tide .
the lifeboat was dispatched to rescue the walkers after attempts to pluck them from the rock using a harness had to be abandoned because parts of the cliff started to give way .
` the timing was perfect , within minutes of them being rescued the area they were standing was completely underwater , ' said chris charlton , who witnessed the dramatic rescue .
` once they got into the lifeboat it was so rough the boat nearly tipped over with them all inside .
` it 's a popular walking spot but unfortunately people do n't think about the times of the tides and they get caught .
` it is really not that far from where those poor surfers drowned a few weeks ago , people need to be aware of how dangerous the sea can be .
rescuers had to abandon efforts to save the trio using a harness because rock and shale started to crumble .
the trio were left surrounded by sea as the tide started to come in at whipsiderry beach and watergate bay .
a lifeboat was dispatched to save the trio before the rock they had been on was completely submerged .
` thankfully these three people were all rescued safely , but they were within minutes of it being a totally different kettle of fish .
' the two men and a woman had become trapped on a rock as they walked along whipsiderry beach and watergate bay near newquay .
it is thought they became stranded after losing track of time and the incoming tide .
witnesses said the