by .
steve hopkins .
argentina has defaulted for the second time in 12 years after last-ditch talks with what it called ` vulture ' creditors failed .
the failure follows accusations that president cristina fernandez de kirchner spent close to # 20,000 a .
day having the presidential plane bring her the daily newspapers while she was on holiday .
an .
argentinian television claims she had the papers flown to the town of .
rio gallegos , in the south argentinian province of santa cruz .
argentinean .
president , cristina fernandez de kirchner , has been accused of spending close to # 20,000 a day having newspapers delivered to her while she was on holiday .
footage .
aired on the programme shows a paper boy leaving the plane in santa .
cruz airport with the newspapers that were then delivered to the .
president at her house .
opposition ucr party politician anselmo .
martinez said : ' i ca n't say that this is a particular surprise because .
our country has a history of people using state assets for their own .
purposes since the time of nestor kirchner .
argentina failed to strike a deal in time to meet a midnight payment deadline after a long legal battle with hedge funds that rejected its debt restructuring following a 2002 default .
argentina fought to suspend a u.s ruling requiring it to pay holdouts of $ 1.33 billion plus .
interest and preventing it from servicing its exchange debt without paying the holdouts at the same time .
footage from the programme showing ms kirchner 's newspapers being taken to the plane .
in this photo the paper boy can be seen leaving the plane in santa .
cruz airport with the newspapers that were then delivered to the .
president at her house .
a proposal for argentinian banks to buy out the hedge funds ' non-performing debt also fell through .
the .
immediate focus on solving argentina 's debt crisis is on whether a group .
of big banks and funds overseen by the international swaps and .
derivatives association would declare the situation a ` credit event ' .
that would set off a series of insurance payments and give most of argentina 's current bondholders the right to demand their money back immediately .
the cost of insuring argentina