by .
jennifer newton .
the house in kensington where mayir naturbhai patel illegally extended his home .
a man who extended his # 2.8 million home in one of kensington 's most exclusive streets without planning planning permission has been fined # 40,000 .
mayur naturbhai patel admitted breaching the town and country planning act 1990 after he made major rooftop alterations to his property without permission and did not comply with a council enforcement notice requiring them to be removed .
the extension made room for a new staircase and an ensuite bedroom and could have added hundreds of thousands of pounds to the four-storey property .
sentencing was referred to isleworth crown court as it has the power to deal with a proceeds of crime action instigated by the royal borough of kensington and chelsea .
the authority wanted to prevent patel , 54 , from profiting financially from the additional floor space created by his illegal development .
he was fined # 15,000 and also had # 23,350 confiscated under the proceeds of crime act and was warned the faced 15 months in prison if he fails to pay the confiscation order in three months .
in his closing remarks his honour judge phillip matthews said he did not ascribe shady motives when imposing the financial penalty , but thought patel had acted with the ` utmost stupidity ' and that it was no mitigation to say he relied on the advice of architects .
neighbours complained to the royal borough of kensington and chelsea after work began to build the extension .
at his original hearing on last month , magistrates heard how patel failed to comply with a planning enforcement notice served by the royal borough of kensington and chelsea in november 2012 .
enforcement officers issued the notice following complaints that major work was underway .
one of mr patel 's neighbours , aaron jessop , told the evening standard : ` it is as if it .
happened overnight .
scaffolding was erected , screening went up to hide .
the work and suddenly this thing started to grow up .
' on inspection they discovered that the roof had been altered and that a large roof extension and a rear roof had been constructed , all of which is unauthorised development harming the appearance of the norland conservation area where the