by .
laura cox .
published : .
18:16 est , 15 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:36 est , 17 may 2013 .
her bouncing waves regularly top polls as the hairstyle most desired by women .
but the man who looks after kate middleton 's hair has confessed that in the race for most popular haircut , the duchess of cambridge is beaten by ` the rachel ' .
twenty years after it was first made famous by jennifer aniston in hit american sitcom friends , the style is still regarded by richard ward as the one that women really wanted .
most wanted : jennifer aniston sporting the famous rachel cut in 1996 , left , and , right , kate middleton whose hair hairdresser richard ward praised as ` beautiful ' the chelsea-based hairdresser , whose team has tended to the tresses of not just kate but the entire middleton family , was speaking at the launch of shopping site tothetops.com .
he said : ` i really do n't remember another time in my whole career where people have come in and asked for a haircut as many times as they have asked for a rachel .
not even people wanting their haircut like kate middleton and she has the most beautiful hair .
' he added the only other celebrity style to have come close to the rachel was the bob victoria beckham sported a few years ago .
the royal-mother-to-be is a loyal client at mr ward 's salon and it is believed he even cut in the fringe she debuted last november days before she confirmed she was pregnant .
mr ward said : `` i 've done so many .
celebrity haircuts that i 'm proud of - kate middleton being one of them .
but , you know what , if i could actually create something like the rachel .
-- jennifer aniston 's haircut in friends - or meg ryan 's haircut , those .
kind of classic haircuts i would n't work any more .
' last week the man behind miss aniston 's most famous hairstyle revealed he was high when he created ` the rachel ' .
chris mcmillan made the confession during an interview saying ` i 'm 14 years sober - so i feel safe enough to say that .
'