the snp will force ed miliband to abandon planned spending cuts from labour 's very first budget if the party holds the balance of power after the election , alex salmond said today .
the former scottish first minister said the snp would hold all ` the power ' if a labour government needed its votes to survive -- and even claimed the party 's surge in support showed it had been the real winner of last year 's independence referendum .
he said the party would demand an end to austerity -- with billions of pounds more borrowing and debt -- as the price of propping mr miliband up in power .
scroll down for video .
the snp will force ed miliband to abandon planned spending cuts from labour 's very first budget if the party holds the balance of power after the election , alex salmond said today .
the comments , in a round of broadcast interviews this morning , were immediately seized on by the tories , with defence minister anna soubry branding them ` terrifying ' .
appearing alongside the former scottish first minister on the bbc 's andrew marr show , ms soubry said : ` the thought that we are in a position where you can be actually controlling in the way that you have described this united kingdom fills me with absolute horror .
` the audacity is atonishing .
there was a wonderful debate in scotland , you lost it .
we are a united kingdom , that is what the people of scotland wanted .
' but mr salmond , who is standing to re-enter parliament in the gordon constituency , boasted that the party was set to dictate what was happening in westminster .
he said it would be ` very good for scotland ' if there was a decisive number of snp mps after may 7 , adding : ` if you hold the balance , then you hold the power , ' he said .
asked if that meant ed balls or another labour chancellor would have to negotiate their budget with the snp , he replied : ` yes , any minority government has to negotiate in order to win a majority for its proposal .
that is patently obvious .
to deny that is to deny reality .
` if the snp are in