his face contorted in pain , this is the end of the road for one migrant 's desperate bid to reach britain .
the picture shows the extreme lengths young men and women living in squalid camps in the port of calais will go to for a new life in the uk .
the migrant had managed to sneak on to a lorry after heavy traffic caused queues on the approach road to the channel tunnel .
when he tried to hide he accidentally wedging himself between the cargo of paper bales and the trailer wall , injuring himself in the process .
police were alerted after the lorry driver heard his cries of pain .
scroll down for video .
help : a police officer helps the migrant , who was wedged between the cargo of paper bales and the trailer wall .
meanwhile french authorities were forced to call in mediators yesterday following two days of violent clashes between rival migrant groups .
and the town 's deputy mayor raised fears of a descent into lawlessness as police lose control of the desperate gangs .
philippe mignonet also warned the number of migrants in the small port area were expected to swell to 5,000 in the coming weeks .
calais has been under siege for the past few days as rival ethnic groups battle each other for access to lorries at the ferry port .
mr mignonet claimed his town had been ` sacrificed ' by the british and french governments and europe .
left , the lorry he was caught in .
police were forced to step in when immigrants in calais caused a disturbance , using canisters of tear gas on the camps as the immigrants retaliated by throwing stones and sticks .
an officer searches an immigrant after the scuffle between ethiopian and eritrean gangs .
` there has been an increase in crime in recent months with migrants stealing phones and breaking into shops , ' he said .
` we do not know why this is happening , but we suspect that there are people smugglers here who are causing problems in the communities .
most of the migrants are good people , but there are a few bad people who are committing crimes .
' aid workers say up to 2,000 migrants are currently camped in calais but mr mignonet predicts this