by .
helen pow .
published : .
13:25 est , 11 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:10 est , 11 july 2013 .
fake rape : kelly wilson , 29 , pictured , was arrested on july 3 and charged with second degree falsely reporting an incident , making a false statement and misusing 911 .
a connecticut woman slashed her body with a steak knife and choked herself with a metal dog collar before falsely claiming to police that she was raped by a masked intruder - all so her military boyfriend could visit her .
kelly wilson , 29 , was arrested on july 3 and charged with second degree falsely reporting an incident , making a false statement and misusing 911 after she called the emergency line begging for help on april 14 .
when officers arrived at her suffield home , they found her lying on the floor ` visibly upset and crying ' with a bruised eye and ` cuts all over her body .
' according to the hartford courant , wilson told police a man wearing a ski mask had twice knocked on her door that evening , telling her his truck had broken down and asking for money .
she said he came back a third time with a handgun and broke into the house then sexually assaulted her .
in subsequent interviews she padded out the story , telling detectives the man forced her to shower for 30 minutes after the rape , presumably to explain the lack of seminal evidence .
when police became suspicious , they called in an fbi profiler and a medical examiner to check out her injuries .
both believed her story did n't stack up .
shortly after , wilson admitted it was all an elaborate lie she had concocted in an effort to have her boyfriend granted leave from the military so he could visit her in hospital .
investigation : police quizzed motorists and searched the house for evidence after the report in april .
on may 22 , wilson gave a seven page statement saying the home invasion and rape never occurred .
she said she had been missing her boyfriend who was out of the state at a military training camp so she took four ` pain pills ' then drank a bottle of wine .
on