ever wondered why we go grey or most men 's beards have a reddish , ginger tinge ?
or why a young child 's golden locks often disappear before the age of 10 ?
here , one leading expert , rodney sinclair , professor of dermatology at the epworth hospital and university of melbourne , explains the science of hair colour - and why some of us are cursed with more greys than others ... what determines the colour of hair ?
hair colour is produced by cells known as melanocytes , which migrate into the hair bulb as the hair follicles develop in utero .
the melanocytes produce pigment that is incorporated into the growing hair fibres to produce hair in a bewildering array of natural shades .
hair colour depends on the presence and ratios of two groups of melanins : eumelanins -lrb- brown and black pigments -rrb- and pheomelanins -lrb- red and yellow pigments -rrb- .
while variations in the ratio of these pigments can produce an large number of colours and tones , siblings often have strikingly similar hair colour .
the duchess of cambridge battles with grey hair , as these pictures reveal .
genetic factors appear to be important in determining when we turn grey , rather than lifestyle , says professor sinclair .
most of us find our first ` greys ' by the time we turn 30 , usually at the temples , then later , across the scalp .
how hair colour varies according to body site .
for example , eyelashes are the darkest because they contain high levels of eumalanin .
scalp hair is usually lighter than pubic hair , which often has a red tinge , due to the presence of more phaeomelanin pigments .
a red tinge is also common in underarm and beard hair , even in people with essentially brown hair on their scalp .
hormones such as melanocyte-stimulating hormone can darken light hair , as can high levels of oestrogen and progesterone , which are produced in pregnancy .
certain drugs , such as those to prevent malaria can lighten hair , while some epilepsy medications can darken it .
why do blonde children often go dark ?
blond children tend to see their hair darken around the age or seven or eight .
the mechanism for this is unknown and probably not related