by .
andy dolan .
last updated at 11:31 am on 29th september 2011 .
new evidence could cast doubt on whether it was golding -lrb- pictured -rrb- who actually passed on the sexually transmitted infection .
a traffic officer who was jailed for giving his ex-girlfriend genital herpes today walked free from prison on bail after launching an appeal against his conviction .
david christopher edward golding , 28 , from braunston , northamptonshire , was jailed for 14 months at northampton crown court last month after admitting causing grievous bodily harm .
but new evidence could cast doubt on whether it was golding who actually passed on the sexually transmitted infection to the woman , the court of appeal heard today .
a prosecution-commissioned medical report suggests that it could not be proved that it was definitely golding who gave the victim the disease .
mr justice burnett , sitting at the london court , granted golding 's application for bail to allow him to go home while new evidence is gathered for his appeal .
golding , who worked for the highways agency , was accused of recklessly infecting his then partner with the genital herpes virus when they were together about two years ago .
but his jailing caused outrage among sexual health groups , who said the sentence would add to the stigma attached to carriers of the ` trivial ' condition .
the appeal is to be based around .
examination of a blood sample given by the woman some time ago , which .
might cast doubt on golding 's guilt , mr justice burnett told the court .
` this whole matter should not go into the long grass whilst both parties seek further expert evidence , ' the appeal judge added .
` it is important that this proceeds .
with some speed .
if the conclusion following the further medical .
evidence is that causation really could not be proved , then the sooner .
that is , the better .
` as importantly , if the outcome .
excludes the possibility of causation by another route , then that needs .
to be known as quickly as possible because the appellant may , in those .
circumstances , have to return to custody to continue to serve his .
sentence .
' granting bail pending appeals is a rare