danny welbeck rescued arsenal with a late equaliser on saturday , but the gunners lost more crucial points in the title race .
check out adam shergold 's player ratings from the emirates stadium .
arsenal .
wojciech szczesny 6 .
had very little to do all afternoon as hull had took their chances clinically .
perhaps committed to ground a little too early for the first , allowing diame to lift the ball over him .
hector bellerin 6.5 .
making his first premier league start , the spaniard did little wrong but did n't get forward as much as he is known to do .
made a fine slide tackle to prevent andrew robertson storming through in first-half stoppage time .
per mertesacker -lrb- c -rrb- 6 .
little threat to deal with for long spells of the game but was outjumped by abel hernandez for hull 's second goal and should have been more alert to the threat .
per mertesacker and mathieu flamini protest to referee roger east after mohamed diame 's goal .
nacho monreal 6.5 .
did n't do much wrong considering he was played out of position because of arsenal 's debilitating defensive injury crisis .
is n't as tall as most centre-backs but was effective in the air when hull threatened aerially .
kieran gibbs 6.5 .
did n't need a second invitation to bomb forward down the left and was there in support of a number of arsenal assaults in the first-half .
mathieu flamini 6 .
fetched and carried between defence and midfield without doing anything spectacular .
was too lightweight as mohamed diame bustled up behind him to score hull 's equaliser though flamini did have a strong case for a foul as he was being wrestled back .
jack wilshere 7 .
had been bright and effective throughout , collecting the ball in deep central positions and beating hull defenders with ease .
like all arsenal 's creative players , was perhaps guilty of playing one pass too many .
took a nasty knock to the ankle with 20 minutes left and walked straight down the tunnel - another injury worry for arsene wenger .
jack wilshere receives a yellow card from east as he leaves the field with an ankle injury .
alex oxlade-chamberlain 5.5 .
not really his afternoon .
took him until the second half