by .
jason groves .
updated : .
05:01 est , 21 november 2011 .
toll lanes to relieve the congested road network are to be built as part of a major government drive to kickstart the economy .
firms will be asked to construct dedicated ` express lanes ' alongside busy sections of motorways and trunk roads .
drivers using the lanes would be billed per journey , with the profits going to the private sector .
vision of the future : drivers queue to pay at the m6 toll road booths at great wyreley , near cannock , staffordshire .
a plan to introduce toll lanes across the motorway network is to be proposed by the government today .
ministers , desperate to get more private sector cash into the economy , believe that by creating extra lanes , the scheme conforms with their pledge not to introduce tolls on existing roads .
but the sight of wealthy drivers speeding past could cause resentment among less affluent motorists who already pay massive taxes to be on the road .
the initiative is being actively considered as part of the government 's ` growth review ' which will be unveiled by chancellor george osborne next week .
plans : george osborne , chancellor , is set to reveal the road charges as part of the government 's ` growth review ' today david cameron and nick clegg will announce a package of initiatives to kickstart the moribund housing market .
these include a # 400million fund to build 16,000 new homes and a scheme to underwrite the deposits of first-time buyers .
later they will thrash out the final elements of the growth review with mr osborne and the lib dem chief secretary to the treasury danny alexander .
sources close to nick clegg last night said it was vital for both the economy and the coalition that the review is a success .
one said : ` this is a big moment for the government .
` we have to show not just that we can cut the deficit , but also that we can get growth going again .
' other elements being considered in the growth review include : .
david cameron and nick clegg , his lib dem deputy , right , will announce measures to kickstart the moribund housing market today .
treasury sources