an international human rights group has accused israel of committing war crimes during the brutal 50-day war with gaza which left more than 2,100 palestinians dead .
human rights watch has said it reached the conclusion after investigating three attacks on or near united nations-run schools housing displaced palestinians , in which at least 45 people were killed .
the new york-based group , which carried out field research and interviews with witnesses , said no military targets were apparent in the area of the schools and some of the attacks were indiscriminate .
scroll down for video .
a palestinian wounded in an israeli strike on a compound housing a un school in beit hanoun , in the northern gaza strip , arrives on a stretcher at the al-shifa hospital in gaza city , on july 24 .
an international human rights group has accused israel of committing war crimes during the brutal 50-day war with gaza .
human rights watch said its inspection of the beit hanoun site and photographs of munitions remnants suggested israel fired mortars at the school , killing 13 people .
` the israeli military carried out attacks on or near three well-marked schools where it knew hundreds of people were taking shelter , killing and wounding scores of civilians , ' fred abrahams , special adviser at human rights watch , said in a statement .
` israel has offered no convincing explanation for these attacks on schools where people had gone for protection and the resulting carnage .
' israel says the heavy civilian death toll during the war was the fault of islamic militant group hamas , which it accused of launching rockets , and drawing retaliation , from school yards , residential areas and mosques .
the israeli military yesterday announced it had launched its own probe into cases involving palestinian civilian casualties during the war , including the shelling of a u.n school .
more than 2,100 palestinians were killed during the war , the majority of them civilians , according to palestinian and un officials .
israel says the number of militants killed was much higher and accuses hamas of using civilians as human shields .
on the israeli side , 66 soldiers and six civilians were killed .
about a quarter of a million palestinians displaced by the violence were seeking shelter in un-run schools .
a