liverpool would have beaten basle if daniel sturridge had been playing , according to sportsmail columnist jamie redknapp .
liverpool were eliminated from the champions league by the swiss champions on tuesday night after a 1-1 draw at anfield .
basle progressed to the knockout stages at the expense of brendan rodgers ' side , who finished third in group b after managing just a single win in six champions league matches .
daniel sturridge is currently in la as he recovers from the thigh injury that will keep him out until the new year .
steven gerrard looks forlorn after the final whistle as liverpool are knocked out of the champions league .
gerrard curls home a sublime free-kick to give liverpool a lifeline with around 10 minutes left on the clock .
gerrard celebrates after his free-kick left liverpool needing one more goal to qualify with 10 minutes left .
raheem sterling cuts a frustrated figure in the rain as liverpool struggle to get a foothold in the match .
fabian frei fires in a shot from the edge of the box that gave basle the lead early in the first half .
but former liverpool midfielder redknapp believes the reds would have got the win they needed to advance had crocked striker sturridge , who is currently recovering from a thigh injury in the united states , been fit .
` where i do have sympathy for them is daniel sturridge .
if daniel sturridge plays , liverpool win that , ' redknapp said on sky sports .
and 41-year-old redknapp said liverpool 's struggles this season are simply highlighting just how good former striker luis suarez is .
raheem sterling -lrb- right -rrb- ca n't believe his eyes as frei wheels away to celebrate his sweetly struck strike .
a glum sterling watches on as frei 's team-mates rush to celebrate the goal which put basle in the driving seat .
` the suarez exit shows just how good that fella is , because he transcended that whole team and the club , and the players around him .
` when you look at them now , you think they 're decent players , but with suarez , they looked like world beaters .
i think that 's been the difference for them , they 've lost him and sturridge .
` but the players who