by .
daily mail reporter .
last updated at 8:31 am on 6th january 2012 .
police investigating the murder-suicide that left four dead in a wealthy suburb are looking at whether the new year 's day shooting could have been motivated by jealousy .
john robert reeves , 25 , committed suicide by shooting himself in the head after murdering three others with him - fellow navy pilot david reis , 25 , his sister karen reis , 24 , and matthew saturley , 31 .
the four dead were found in coronado , california , after authorities responded to a report of gunfire shortly after 2am on sunday .
officials say they do not know the motive for the killing , but are investigating the possibility that reeves had romantic feelings for , or a relationship with , ms reis .
alleged killer : police are investigating the suggestion that john robert reeves was motivated by jealousy .
dead : david reis , 25 , right in left photo , his sister karen reis , 24 , left in left , and matthew saturley , 31 , right , were all killed on sunday in coronado , california .
` we are looking into all aspects , including the possibility there was .
some type of relationship between karen reis and john reeves but that .
has not been confirmed yet , ' said sheriff 's captain duncan fraser .
` that is one reason why we are .
still soliciting information from the public who may know about this .
' authorities are also awaiting toxicology results to see if drugs or alcohol might have played a role .
mr fraser cautioned that investigators might never determine the motive .
because there were no eyewitnesses to the shooting .
he said the suggestion that reeves was jealous of the attention being paid to ms reis by mr saturley was only speculation .
a passerby called police on his mobile phone after hearing shots being fired at this address in coronado in san diego bay at 2.20 am .
retired naval pilot steve diamond said the case was shocking because it involved such high achievers .
` the first thing that most people think of even within the navy community is how could such an enormously tragic thing happen involving people who are the cream of the crop