from carpets that switch to wooden beams at the touch of a button , to floating beds and personal stylists built into mirrors -- the bedroom of the future is set be a high-tech affair .
experts predict that , within the next decade , we could also be sleeping on bedding with built-in cooling and heating systems , and surrounding ourselves with 3d printed ornaments .
and for people who do n't have a scenic view , smart windows could be used switch between rainforests scenes , valley views and even double up as projector screens .
scroll down for video .
the bedroom of the future -lrb- illustrated -rrb- was designed by london-based betta living .
its predictions include carpets that switch to beams , floating beds and personal stylists built into mirrors .
betta living , the bedroom furniture firm , also details how many of these so-called futuristic concepts are already in the making , or available to buy .
starting with a morning routine , betta living claims that mirrored glass on wardrobe doors will be superseded by virtual mirrors .
in september , the national sleep foundation released its first international bedroom poll .
it compared the amount of sleep and attitudes , habits and bedtime routines of people living across the united states , canada , mexico , uk , germany and japan .
the results discovered that while a third of britons prefer to sleep naked , germans have to air their bedrooms weekly to achieve a good night 's sleep and half of both japanese and americans take naps every two weeks to catch up on their shut eye .
oral b has already developed a similar smart mirror prototype for the bathroom , and betta living believes they will become commonplace in bedrooms within five years .
the intelligent interactive surface will not only display the contents of the wardrobe , but micro-tagged clothes could be tried on virtually using gestural technology .
this means users can virtually swipe through choices , and see how items look when worn together .
it could also be used as a personal stylist , helping people to decide what to wear depending on their diary entries , when linked with a smartphone , or the weather .
users will also be able to shop online from these mirrors , to find shoes and