by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
04:44 est , 21 july 2012 .
| .
updated : .
10:51 est , 21 july 2012 .
hundreds of glowing tents have sprung at various sites around the british coast as part of groundbreaking art project for the london 2012 festival .
peace camp , which was commissioned by director deborah warner in collaboration with true blood actress fiona shaw is a series of installations inspired by the united nations olympic truce , which calls on countries worldwide to lay down their arms for the duration of the games .
some of the most breathtaking coastal regions in the uk have been chosen for the camps including cemaes bay in anglesey , white park bay in county antrim , mussenden temple and downhill demesne in county londonderry , dustanburgh castle in northumberland , cuckmere haven near seven sisters in sussex and godrevy , cornwall .
scroll down for video .
happy campers : dozens of tents emit a beautiful glow at one .
of the peace camp art installations at white park bay on the northwest coast , county .
antrim .
peace and love : a couple embrace in the white park bay installation .
the olympic truce is believed to have been first established in ancient greece so that the games be held without warring factions seeking to take advantage .
the olympic truce is believed to have been first established in ancient greece so that the games be held without warring factions seeking to take advantage .
visitors to the sites can wander .
around the tents while hearing a soundscape of poetry and the natural .
environment created by composer mel mercier and sound designer john del ' nero .
alongside the live installations , the .
project will also paint an audible portrait of the nation with the .
creation of a virtual peace camp online .
the people of the uk are invited to .
nominate and record their favourite love poems and submit their own .
messages , creating an online anthology that celebrates our languages , .
dialects and accents as well as our rich poetic tradition .
there are lots of ways to take part in .
peace camp : you can suggest your favourite love poem for our online .
anthology ; upload a personal message , your own