by .
daily mail reporters .
a fedex tractor-trailer truck was already in flames when it crossed a median and slammed into a bus carrying students in northern california , witnesses say .
the truck clipped a car occupied by a couple before it slammed into the bus on thursday evening , killing 10 people - five high school students , three chaperones and the drivers of both vehicles .
more than 30 people , mostly teenagers , were taken to local hospitals .
bonnie duran cnn affiliate kovr she was driving with her husband made a quick decision to swerve and avoid a direct hit from the truck .
their rental car was clipped and sent them hurtling into a ditch , just moments before the truck hit the bus head-on .
` somehow we survived , ' she said .
scroll down for video .
a fireball engulfs a truck and a bus carrying high school students following a head-on collision in california .
witnesses to the crash are saying the fedex truck was already on fire when it crossed over the median strip and collided with the coach .
tragic : ten were killed and dozens more hospitalized following the crash in orland , california .
lucky : bonnie duran and her husband joe were travelling in a rental car in front of the bus when bonnie managed to swerve out of the path of the fedex truck .
a cbs news animation shows close the car being driven by bonnie and joe duran -lrb- right -rrb- came to colliding with the trailor-truck .
bonnie said the truck was on fire before the crash .
mrs duran told the network she is sure the truck was on fire as it crossed the median strip toward them .
the crash occurred on interstate 5 in orland , which cuts through the heart of california 's farming country about 90 miles north of sacramento .
the students were traveling in three buses from the los angeles area to take part in a program at humboldt state university - which allows prospective attendees to visit the campus - and represented 21 southern california high schools .
the two other buses in the caravan made it to the university .
among those killed were an la man and the woman he proposed to in december .
a 17-year-old twin was also