for identical twins , their lives could hardly be more different .
jalila henry , 21 , is described as a ` party girl ' who drinks and smokes , wears revealing outfits and enjoys watching the only way is essex .
in stark contrast , her muslim convert sister , jamila , is teetotal , wears a traditional headscarf and spends her spare time studying the koran .
jamila henry , left , who has been detained in turkey on suspicion of trying to join isis .
her twin sister jalila in stark contrast is described as a party girl who smokes and drinks .
but this week they were involved in an extraordinary case of mistaken identity after jamila was seized by turkish security services allegedly en route to join jihadi group islamic state -- travelling on her twin 's passport .
confusion arose in britain after turkish authorities named the arrested woman as jalila -- prompting one relative to joke that she was more likely to have ended up in the country after getting carried away after a night of partying .
jamila remained in turkey last night awaiting deportation hearings to get her back to the uk , where she could face arrest on suspicion of preparing acts of terrorism .
british authorities are not believed to have played any part in her arrest and the decision to arrest her was made by turkish agents .
daughters of a painter and decorator father and council housing officer mother , the henry twins were described as ` popular and polite ' in their youth .
it has been claimed that jamila tried to travel to syria using her sister 's passport , pictured .
a fellow pupil at sellincourt primary school in wandsworth , south london , said : ` they were very nice , friendly , hard-working girls .
i ca n't imagine one of them ever wanting to join islamic state .
' but as the twins grew up , they began to head in very different directions .
pictures on jalila 's facebook page show her smoking -- with joking comments from friends about being a ` weed head ' .
other photos show her in a bar clutching two bottles of drink and going out wearing short skirts and a bikini tops .
her ` likes ' include reality tv shows and modern