by .
associated press reporter and daily mail reporter .
published : .
23:33 est , 4 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
23:33 est , 4 march 2013 .
twelve former florida a&m university band members were charged monday with manslaughter in the 2011 hazing death of a drum major .
ten of the band members had been charged last may with third-degree felony hazing for the death of 26-year-old robert champion , but the state attorney 's office said they are adding the charge of manslaughter for each defendant .
they also have charged two additional defendants with manslaughter , though they have yet to be arrested .
hazing death : robert champion died in orlando in november 2011 after he collapsed following what prosecutors say was a savage beating during a hazing ritual .
added charges : ten of the band members had been charged last may with third-degree felony hazing for the death of champion , 26 but the state attorney 's office said they are adding the charge of manslaughter for each defendant .
the second-degree manslaughter charge announced during an afternoon status hearing carries a penalty of up to 15 years in prison .
champion died in orlando in november 2011 after he collapsed following what prosecutors say was a savage beating during a hazing ritual .
it happened on a bus parked in a hotel parking lot after florida a&m played bethune-cookman in their annual rivalry football game .
authorities said champion had bruises on his chest , arms , shoulder and back and died of internal bleeding .
witnesses told emergency dispatchers that the drum major was vomiting before he was found unresponsive aboard the bus .
christopher chestnut , an attorney for champion 's parents , said pam and robert champion , sr. were pleased with ashton 's decision to upgrade the charges .
` these charges are commensurate with the acts committed , ' chestnut said .
` it sends the right message regarding zero-tolerance of hazing in the famu band .
' brian jones , left , and ryan dean , right , have already been sentenced after pleading no-contest to third-degree felony hazing last year .
rikki wills , left , and caleb jackson , right , were two others among the twelve band members charged with manslaughter .
prosecutors had originally filed felony hazing charges