a photographer who shared an image of a 13-year-old boy from brooklyn on his website has helped to raise more than $ 1.2 million for a public school located in new york city 's most dangerous and crime-ridden location - and earned his young subject a meeting with president barack obama in the process .
last month , humans of new york creator brandon stanton was in brooklyn 's brownsville neighborhood when he ran into vidal chastanet and asked him to participate in his online photography project , which involves him sharing candid shots of new yorkers , along with a personal quote from the person about the life .
and after the mott hall bridges academy student named his principal , nadia lopez , as the most influential person in his life , explaining that she made he and his fellow students ` feel like they matter ' , mr stanton was inspired to start an online fundraiser to help ms lopez send her students on a class trip to harvard university -- a campaign which has since become so popular that it has even caught the attention of president obama .
scroll down for video .
chance meeting : vidal chastanet , 13 , told humans of new york creator brandon stanton , 30 , that his principal , nadia lopez , was the most influential person in his life .
unforgettable trip : vidal -lrb- center -rrb- , ms lopez -lrb- right -rrb- and mr stanton were invited to white house yesterday and met with president barack obama -lrb- left -rrb- in the oval office .
` when we get in trouble , she does n't suspend us , ' vidal said of his principal when he was first interviewed by mr stanton .
` she calls us to her office and explains to us how society was built down around us .
and she tells us that each time somebody fails out of school , a new jail cell gets built .
' he added : ` and one time she made every student stand up , one at a time , and she told each one of us that we matter .
' since posting those words on his website , mr stanton has seen his campaign hit headlines around the world , resulting in a slew of donations and a wealth of public interest