by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
11:31 est , 8 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
11:47 est , 8 november 2012 .
murdered : jessica ridgeway 's dismembered body was found five days after she vanished .
the family of murdered 10-year-old jessica ridgeway has demanded a missing children 's foundation that was set up after her disappearance stop using her picture and name for its fundraising efforts .
the colorado missing children 's foundation has agreed to stop using pictures of the girl , who was found raped and dismembered in a park last month , after the family threatened legal action .
it was set up after she vanished while walking to school on october 5 and reportedly raised thousands of dollars for the family .
a board member claimed the family now wants to set up their own foundation .
in a cease and desist letter , the ridgeways claimed that jessica 's name was being used by the foundation on its website and facebook pages to advertise fundraising events .
` the family has tried to address this .
issue with you informally by repeatedly asking you to stop using .
jessica 's name as a fundraising tool for your organization , ' the letter .
read , kdvr reported .
` you have not respected the family 's wishes and are continuing to .
make money off jessica 's name .
' the letter added : ` we had hoped that it did not have to come .
to this however the foundation left us with no choice .
' anger : her family threatened a missing children 's foundation set up after her disappearance with legal action unless they removed all of her pictures from its website .
charity : the foundation was set up by 10 friends and reportedly gave thousands of dollars to the family .
the foundation was set up by a group of .
10 friends who raised money for the family after jessica 's .
disappearance , and now seeks to help find other missing children in the .
state .
it has previously used numerous photos of the young victim and carried fliers for an event , light up the night , which was held the week she vanished while walking to meet friends .
they had also used her image and