by .
emily allen .
published : .
02:56 est , 25 may 2012 .
| .
updated : .
06:47 est , 25 may 2012 .
we will still never know whether geoff hurst 's shot in 1966 did bounce down over the line .
but such high-profile controversies will soon be confined to the past after it was revealed that goal-line technology is one step closer to being introduced to top-level football .
the hawkeye system will be used at wembley for england 's friendly against belgium on june 2 - roy hodgson 's first home game in charge of the national team .
the move comes after a season of controversial decisions that have seen goals awarded when replays show the ball did not cross the line - and not given when they clearly have .
over the line ?
if goal-line technology had been in place frank lampard 's goal against germany in the last world cup would have stood .
in chelsea 's fa cup semi-final win over tottenham last month , juan mata was awarded a goal even though the whole of the ball was not over the line .
while in scotland , hibernian 's paul hanlon ` scored ' against dunfermline even though his shot clearly bounced down off the crossbar half a foot in front of the goal line .
conversely , in the premier league this season qpr defender clint hill was denied a goal after his header went over the line at bolton .
calls for goal-line technology have grown louder in recent years after a string of high-profile errors .
in the 2010 world cup match between england and germany , frank lampard was denied a valid goal after his shot came back off the bar and over the line .
the goal would have made it 2-2 , and england went on to lose 4-1 .
however , if there are any close calls during next weekend 's game only the scientists monitoring the system will know the results - the referee will not be informed .
testing : hawk-eye made its live match debut in the hampshire fa senior cup final at southampton 's st mary 's stadium on may 16 .
checking the results : empa officials test the hawk-eye goal line technology system which uses seven cameras pointed at each goalmouth .
it will