not many people will have the chance to come eye-to-eye with a whale , but a photographic exhibition with stunning gigantic images of the majestic creatures is changing that .
american artist bryant austin is the only photographer in the world producing life-size photos of whales , but in order to capture the breathtaking images , he spends months in waters around the great barrier reef , tonga and dominica .
his unique process sees him immersed in the water without moving as he waits for different species of whale including sperm , minke and humpbacks to swim by so he can take the photos .
american photographer bryant austin has captured whales from less than two metres away and his work is currently featured in an exhibition at the australian national maritime museum in sydney .
the photographer captured the stunning photos of the animals in waters around the great barrier reef , tonga and dominica .
with the mammals getting as close as two metres away from him , the magnificent result sees mr austin capture the whales at their most serene as they gracefully carve through the ocean unperturbed by his presence .
the detailed portraits show the underwater giants beautifully submerged as the sun shines through the water and creating rippled shadows .
entitled beautiful whale , the exhibition illustrates mr austin 's 20-year journey exploring waters and taking photos of some of the ocean 's largest mammals in all their grace .
on his website studiocosmos.com it is stated that mr austin 's life-long passion has been connecting humanity with the ` greatest minds in the water ' .
as part of the photographic process , mr austin gets within two metres of the whales and this enables him to get all of the animal 's intricate details , colours and tones .
mr austin was inspired to capture the whales in full when he was tapped by a passing 45 ton female humpback whale 's two ton , 4.5-metre pectoral fin in 2004 .
the inspiration for his work was propelled while he was floating motionless when he was tapped by a passing 45 ton female humpback whale 's two ton , 4.5-metre pectoral fin in 2004 .
at this point mr austin was prompted to start capturing the animals in their full scale .
the most crucial aspect of his work is the