he may be without a club at present but that has n't stopped ravel morrison linking up with whom many refer to as the best player on the planet .
morrison , who had his contract terminated at west ham last month , bumped into barcelona superstar and ` maestro ' lionel messi while out and about on monday afternoon .
the chance occasion was clearly one the 22-year-old did n't want to miss out on as a photo was taken with the four-time ballon d'or winner before being uploaded to instagram .
ravel morrison -lrb- left -rrb- uploaded an instagram photo after posing with lionel messi -lrb- centre -rrb- on monday .
lionel messi -lrb- left -rrb- was in london on sunday night enjoying a double date with cesc fabregas .
messi flew over from spain with girlfriend antonella roccuzzo -lrb- left -rrb- to see fabregas and daniella semaan .
teams played for : west ham , cardiff -lrb- loan -rrb- , qpr -lrb- loan -rrb- , birmingham -lrb- loan -rrb- , manchester united .
appearances : 81 .
goals : 14 .
honours : fa youth cup -lrb- 2011 -rrb- .
accompanied with the caption : ` out and about with the maestro and reece @leomessi , ' the duo are all smiles as they pose for a picture .
while messi , who was in london on sunday night with girlfriend antonella roccuzzo and former barcelona team-mate cesc fabregas and his partner daniella semaan , is continuing to break records this season morrison is just a mere spectator .
the 22-year-old , who has signed a pre-contract agreement with lazio , is a free agent .
ravel morison has had his contract terminated at west ham ahead of his summer move to serie a side lazio .
however , the midfielder can not represent another club this season as he has played in two countries - england and wales - this term and fifa do n't allow a third .
morrison only made two appearances under hammers boss sam allardyce this season ; with his last outing coming in a 3-1 home defeat to southampton back on august 31 .
a series of disciplinary problems had hampered his progress at upton park and he was loaned to birmingham , queens park rangers and cardiff city - with his three-month deal at the latter cut short earlier in