university of houston officials have suspended the university 's sigma chi fraternity chapter and five members following allegations of hazing .
uh president renu khator said in a statement that she is ` shocked , dismayed , and deeply disappointed ' at the allegations surrounding the epsilon xi chapter of the sigma chi fraternity .
no details of the alleged hazing have been made public , but khator called them ` disturbing .
' suspended : university of houston officials have suspended the university 's sigma chi fraternity chapter and five members following allegations of hazing -lrb- photographed is the epsilon xi chapter of the sigma chi fraternity house -rrb- .
five of the fraternity 's members have been placed on immediate suspension pending investigation into the accusations .
if the hazing allegations prove to be true , khator said those responsible will face disciplinary action up to , and including , expulsion from the university .
the statement reads in part : ` let me be clear , hazing is a criminal act , and consent is not a defense .
failure to report hazing also is a criminal offense and a violation of university policy .
` those who engage in such reckless and immature behavior will be punished to the full extent of the law and in accordance with university policies .
' five guys : five of the fraternity 's members have been placed on immediate suspension pending investigation into the accusations .
the national headquarters of sigma chi released its ownstatement on the matter tuesday saying the organization received word of the allegations at the end of january and commenced to launch an investigation .
however , after becoming aware of the uh police department 's investigation , the organization , on february 19 , put its investigation on hold until the uhpd 's was complete .
additionally , the organization said that the alleged ` inappropriate pledging activities ' were ` inconsistent with sigma chi 's values .
' on tuesday , the university turned its investigation over to the harris county district attorney 's office which will decide if charges will be filed , khou reports .
values : the national organization of sigma chi released its own statement on the matter tuesday saying that the alleged ` inappropriate pledging activities ' were ` inconsistent with sigma chi 's values ' hazing is