by .
jennifer newton .
significant concern has been caused by a series of threats from al qaeda-linked groups to attack america and europe , it has been reported .
officials are thought to be studying the threats , which have evolved over the past six months and are determining the strength of al qaeda in several different countries including yemen , pakistan and syria , although none have been corroborated .
u.s. officials had believed that the terrorist organisation was focusing on planning attacks outside of the united states due to the difficulty in breaching homeland security .
members of ansar al-sharia , an al qaeda-affiliated group , are seen near a tank in the southern yemeni town of jaar last month .
it is thought groups in the country could be planning attacks in the united states and europe .
yemeni soldiers launch a major offensive against al qaeda in the arabian peninsula earlier this month .
however cnn has reported that the new threats suggest there could be plans to target sites within america and europe .
they reported that a senior u.s. official said that ` we do not see operational cells of al qaeda inside the united states ' but emphasised this could not be ruled out .
it is thought that the source of the threats comes from three separate regions including al qaeda in the arabian peninsula based in yemen .
the u.s. considers yemen 's local al qaeda branch as the terror group 's most dangerous offshoot worldwide .
it is blamed for a number of unsuccessful .
bomb plots aimed at americans , including an attempt to bring down a .
u.s.-bound airliner with explosives hidden in the bomber 's underwear and .
a second plot to send mail bombs hidden in the toner cartridges on .
planes headed to the u.s. pakistani army soldiers patrolling the tribal areas of north waziristan , where they are fighting al-qaeda activists .
pakistan is one country where al qaeda threats are thought to be coming from .
the u.s. embassy in sanaa shut down its premises this month as a precaution against possible retaliatory attacks and is set to remain closed for several more days .
a core group from the organisation is also thought to be operating in pakistan and another official has told cnn that they could be looking to place