by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
15:51 est , 1 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
21:08 est , 1 january 2014 .
three bombs have exploded within an hour of each other outside a hotel in the somali capital , killing at least 11 people , it has been reported .
it is believed at least 17 more people have been wounded after the triple blasts earlier today .
the three bombs exploded within an hour outside the front of the jazira hotel , which is popular with government officials and tourists , and is in a heavily fortified district of the capital .
scroll down for video .
three bombs exploded within an hour outside the front of the jazira hotel , which is popular with government officials and tourists , and is in a heavily fortified district of the capital .
reuters reports the first two bombs came in quick succession and were followed by heavy bursts of gunfire by somali security forces .
the third blast took place about an hour later when a bomb went off inside a car that was being searched by the military .
` at least 11 people are dead and 17 .
others are wounded .
that is what we have carried , ' abdikadir abdirahman , .
the director of a private ambulance service said .
a doctor at the madina hospital said at least one body and 10 wounded people had been brought in .
` first we heard a big crash and the security forces immediately opened fire , ' said abdullahi hussein who lives 300 metres behind the hotel .
` after a few minutes another explosion took place and there was more gunfire .
' there was no immediate claim of responsibility but the islamist rebel group al shabaab has carried out a campaign of attacks over the past two and a half years in mogadishu , underscoring the huge security challenges the government faces .
the associated press has put the death toll lower - with at least six dead and eight wounded .
there was no immediate claim of responsibility but the islamist rebel group al shabaab has carried out a campaign of attacks over the past two and a half years in mogadishu , underscoring the huge security challenges the government faces .
al shabaab suicide bombers