the colombian women 's cycling team were meant to be showing the world what they were made of as they posed in their new kit this week .
but they appeared to show a little too much as all eyes were drawn to the bizarre new flesh-coloured design stretching across their lower torso .
as the smiling athletes took to the stage , they seemed blissfully unaware of the blunder , which left them looking completely exposed at the groin .
scroll down for video .
strip-tease : colombian women 's cycling team proudly pose in their startling new kit design in italy this week .
the colombian team , which is sponsored by the country 's capital city of bogota , was wearing the outfit to take part in a cycling competition in italy .
the race is held in honour of former italian champion , michela fanini , whose promising career was cut short when she died in a car crash in 1994 at just 21 years old .
. it is difficult to ascertain whether the outrageous new strip was a publicity stunt or a genuine fashion faux-pas but the team may think twice about turning out in it again .
the design has caused a stir on social media - with many ranking it among the worst kits ever seen at a sporting event .
some joked on twitter that they had gone out to buy the kit , while others criticised the stunt for going too far .
comparisons were also made with other sporting fashion mishaps - such as the scottish team 's kit at this summer 's commonwealth games which involved a strange tartan and blue spotted design .
bare ambition : the six athletes pose for a photo with one of their coaches ahead of this week 's race .
the footon servetto fuji tour de france 2010 squad had a similarly embarrassing moment when they revealed their kit - complete with a ridiculous bulging groin .
a member of the footon servetto fuji tour de france 2010 squad shows a little too much to the camera .
equally bad : several posts on twitter said the colombian kit was on a par with the outfit worn by the scottish team at this summer 's commonwealth games .