the controversial # 100 fine for late income-tax returns could be axed after the taxman admitted it was punishing honest taxpayers who miss the deadline by a day .
hm revenue and customs said it may hit workers unfairly for making a ` simple mistake ' or an ` uncharacteristic failure ' .
at the moment , those who return their tax form even just 24 hours late are billed # 100 -- the same as someone who misses the deadline by almost three months .
hm revenue & customs said it wants to ` change the way that penalties are applied ' after admitting the current system does n't differentiate between deliberate non-compliers and those who make an accidental error .
it is now considering replacing the automatic fine -- which has been in place for 20 years -- with motoring-style penalty points designed to punish repeat offenders .
the proposal could mean hundreds of thousands of britons who fail to complete the complex self-assessment forms on time every year could escape a penalty .
under plans put out for public consultation , hmrc said the system ` makes no distinction between a customer who misses a deadline by a day or two and someone who has made no attempt to comply at all ' .
it added : ` we want to consider whether we could better differentiate between deliberate and persistent non-compliers and those who might make an occasional error .
` one option could be a progressive system similar to penalty points for motoring offences so that initial financial penalties are avoided , but more substantial penalties then apply for more serious failures or for persistent non-compliance .
' hundreds of thousands of middle-class families were dragged into filling out self-assessment forms for the first time last year following cuts to child benefit for higher-rate taxpayers .
thousands were then hit with fines when they failed to fill out their assessments on time .
under the new proposals , which are up for public consultation , high interest rates could be applied to taxpayers ' debts - which may encourage them to pay up sooner - instead of fines being issues by hmrc .
hmrc said it would also look at extending the list of reasonable excuses it will accept for late tax returns .
the government will currently waive a penalty only for the death