by .
william turvill .
tom o'gorman was allegedly murdered following a row over a chess match at his home in dublin .
a man allegedly murdered after a row over a chess match was stabbed dozens of times in what irish police called a ` horrific killing ' in an ` almost unimaginable crime scene ' .
tom o'gorman , a 39-year-old researcher with the iona institute , was badly mutilated in the attack at his home in an affluent dublin suburb .
police have arrested mr o'gorman 's italian lodger and senior security sources said the scene was ` like an abattoir ' .
it was said to be so shocking that the two officers who found the body will be sent for trauma counselling .
it is understood that the arrested man 's face and clothes were covered in blood when officers arrived shortly before 2am yesterday .
it is understood the arrested man -- a 34-year-old who had been living with mr o'gorman for a number of months -- was the person who alerted police .
investigating officers are not looking for anyone else in connection with the death , which will be treated as murder as soon as post-mortem examination results are confirmed .
the arrested man calmly phoned them and led them into the sitting room where mr o'gorman 's body was .
a senior source said : ` this is a truly horrific killing and almost an unimaginable crime scene .
' in custody last night , the accused told officers that a row stemmed from mr o'gorman engaging in a chess move that was against the rules .
sources say there was ` nothing to indicate ' the italian -- who is from palermo but has been in ireland for a number of years and works for a large pharmaceutical company -- was a violent or crazed person .
mr o'gorman and the man were said to be on ` very friendly terms ' and were friends on facebook .
the crime scene was said to be so shocking that the two officers who found the body will be sent for trauma counselling .
the victim had lived on his own in .
the house after his mother , ann , passed away two years ago .
last year he .
started renting out a room in the detached house on beechpark