it 's not the most conventional entrance to a television interview but then bear grylls arguably does n't live a conventional lifestyle either .
the survival expert smashed his way into the itv studios ahead of his interview on the this morning sofa with presenters eamonn holmes and ruth langsford yesterday .
he made the dramatic appearance onto set to promote his new show , bear grylls : mission survive , which starts next week .
scroll down for video .
bear grylls smashed his way through the windows of itv studios ahead of his interview on this morning .
the programme opened with the presenting couple running through the show 's items before it cut to a scene with the adventurer steering a zodiac inflatable raiding craft up the river thames .
he was escorted to the studio by the london branch of the royal marines reserve , of which bear is an honorary colonel .
leaping from the boat he ran along the river bank towards the building , while cameras returned to the studio where eamonn and ruth returned to what was coming up on the show .
meanwhile a rope is dropped outside the window behind them as eamonn jokes it ` must be the window cleaner ' .
the show opened with bear grylls riding up the river thames in an inflatable craft with reservists from the royal marines .
he then ran along the south bank before climbing up a rope , which descended from the top of the building .
presenters eamonn holmes and ruth langsford feign surprise as they see the adventurer climbing up a rope from outside the window .
seconds later bear crashes through the window pane , sending shards of glass all over the set , as he greets the ` shocked ' presenters saying : ' i know a good glazer .
' sitting on the sofa he says : ` my heart rate it still a little high after racing down the river , but i like the focus of one chance to do it .
' surrounded by his family who were watching his arrival , bear looked over to his sons and said ` guys , you are the best , thanks for coming ' .
he continued , ' i always say to my kids in the wild that you only get it wrong