suge knight laughed in court on thursday as he revealed he hopes floyd mayweather will bail him out after winning his next fight .
the rap mogul was refused an appeal to have his bail reduced from $ 10 million to $ 5 million as he awaits trial for murder and attempted murder .
despite walking confidently into court , he had to be carted out in a wheelchair as judge ronald coen rejected his pleas .
but all is not lost for the co-creator of death row records , who believes his close friend , the champion boxer floyd mayweather , will come to his aid this weekend .
scroll down for video .
laughing before murder trial : suge knight and his lawyer matthew fletcher were jovial in court on thursday .
lifeline ?
knight 's attorney said he believes mayweather will bail the rap mogul out when he wins on saturday .
mayweather , an undefeated professional worth $ 420 million , is set to land a record pay check after going head-to-head with manny pacquiao on saturday .
knight 's attorney matthew fletcher is confident part of that will come their way .
` my understanding is that suge is going to be bailed out this coming week , ' fletcher told the new york daily news outside court .
` we think mr. mayweather is going to win the championship and then come champion the day again , ' he said .
` they 're good friends , and there 's no reason he should n't .
and we believe that will happen .
' los angeles superior court 's ronald coen said knight 's trial will begin july 7 unless a motion is made to continue it for a later date .
appearing distressed , knight then had to be wheeled out of court in a wheelchair after the hearing .
the 48-year-old has been plagued by medical ailments since being charged with murder and attempted murder in january .
appearing distressed , knight then had to be wheeled out of court in a wheelchair .
the 48-year-old has been plagued by medical ailments since being charged with murder and attempted murder in january - collapsing in court multiple times and routinely complaining of stomach problems .
coen set aside 16 court days to hear the case and said potential jurors will be prescreened