police are searching for a man charged with killing his wife at the dunkin' donuts in maryland where they both worked .
patrons called police sunday night shortly after discovering no workers at the dunkin' donuts on arundel mills boulevard in hanover .
according to anne arundel county police , an officer checked the business and found a severely injured woman in the kitchen area .
the woman , 21-year-old palak bhadreskumar patel of hanover , died at the scene , police said in a news release .
scroll down for video .
wanted : police have said that 24-year-old bhadreshkumar chetanbhai patel , hit his wife palak bhadreskumar patel multiple times with an object and then fled .
anne arundel county police said an officer responded around 10:51 pm .
` the female employee of dunkin donuts was the victim of an apparent homicide , ' the release said .
police said the investigation revealed that patel 's husband , 24-year-old bhadreshkumar chetanbhai patel , hit her multiple times with an object and then fled .
` this is not a random crime as the victim and suspect were known to each other , ' authorities said in the news release .
they said that patel has been charged with first-degree murder , second-degree murder , first-degree assault , second-degree assault , as well as dangerous weapon with intent to injure .
according to authorities , patel is considered to be dangerous .
one of the store 's frequent customers , idrisa wurie , told the capital gazette ` oh my goodness .
i am shocked because they are very nice people .
' a police spokesperson told the gazette police dealt with the couple in the past year regarding a domestic incident .
in a statement , dunkin' donuts said ` we are aware of the tragic incident that occurred at the dunkin' donuts / baskin-robbins combination restaurant on arundel mills boulevard in hanover , maryland .
` all of us at dunkin' brands are saddened to learn of the death of crew member palak bhadreskumar patel , and our thoughts go out to her family and friends .
` the franchise owner is cooperating fully with the local authorities in their investigation .
as this is a pending police matter , it is inappropriate for us to comment further .
' police have said tips can be