kate 's # 245 shoes are by stuart weitzman for russell & bromley .
the duchess teamed them with a matching # 245 clutch by the same brand .
official # 10 team gb scarf comes from next .
her favourite # 500 smythe blazer completed the look .
by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
23:29 est , 31 july 2012 .
| .
updated : .
14:39 est , 1 august 2012 .
prince william , the duchess of cambridge and prince harry have dropped in on the british olympic team 's official residence to wish them good luck and to admire the bronze medal won by swimmer rebecca adlington .
yesterday 's royal visit caught dozens of athletes by surprise .
adlington , who has a passion for fashion , told the duchess she loved her navy wedges - and could n't help gushing about them afterward .
just dropping in : the duchess of cambridge laughs as she talks with great britain swimmer rebecca adlington during a visit to the team gb accommodation flats in the athletes village at the olympic park in stratford , east london .
' i just love her shoes .
they 're much nicer than the sports gear we 're wearing this week , ' said adlington , who took bronze in the 400m freestyle .
kate 's cork-heeled # 245 wedges were from high street brand russell & bromley , and earlier in the day the duchess was spotted using the matching # 245 clutch bag at cousin zara 's equestrian event .
her patriotic neck scarf was a bit more of a bargain , just # 10 from next .
the red , white and blue accessory is an official team gb scarf and all profits made are chanelled back into the team .
in the navy : kate chooses matching accessories from the stuart weitzman for russell & bromley range .
the # 245 spring/summer wedges from russell & bromley feature a 4 inch cork platform .
as an ambassador for team gb kate has .
worn the scarf several times already in the run up to the games , and .
the union jack colour scheme complemented her nautical themed outfit .
perfectly .
william and harry , both wearing white olympics shirts , toured the quarters for the women 's handball players .
kate