with their pantaloons and ruff collars , the swiss guards are not the most manly of personal armies .
and while there is little cause for pope 's elite bodyguards to take up arms , their culinary skills at least are in demand ; they have now produced a book of favourite pontifical recipes .
a new cookbook - bon appétit , swiss guard - reveals the favourite dishes of pope francis and his two predecessors , benedict xvi and john paul ii .
egg and chips again ?
a soldier from the vatican 's swiss guards shakes hands with pope francis .
the book compiled by david geisser , a 24-year-old soldier from zurich who originally trained as a professional chef , includes delicacies from the three popes ' home nations of argentina , germany and poland .
pope francis seemingly has a sweet tooth and has introduced ` dulce de leche ' , a caramelised milk pudding popular in argentina , to the vatican menu , as well as traditional latin american empanadas .
john paul hankered after the polish favourite , pierogi , a stuffed pasta dish , and demanded it while recovering from a 1981 assassination attempt .
benedict was keen on bavarian dishes such as wurstel salad and baked cherries with cream .
the recipe book , published this week in german , contains the recipes preferred by his colleagues in the guard as well as various popes and prelates .
recipes favoured by vatican secretary of state , cardinal pietro parolin , and the prefect of the papal household monsignor george gainswein also figure in the collection .
papal choice : pope francis , left , has a penchant for traditional latin american empanadas , right .
swiss guard commander daniel anrig said ' a soldier can only fight and wage war when he has eaten well , and enough .
' but he left no doubt as to where his loyalties lie .
` there is nothing like italian cuisine , it is the best in the world , ' he said .
swiss guards are the swiss soldiers who have served as bodyguards of the pope since the 16th century and are responsible for the security of the apostolic palace .
they must be single catholic men aged between 19 and 30 , and at least 5ft 8.5 ins tall .
they