by .
beth stebner .
published : .
14:38 est , 13 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
15:40 est , 13 june 2012 .
r&b singer ashanti travelled to atlantic city earlier this month , and came away with $ 20,000 in her purse .
but the grammy award-winning singer-songwriter was n't gambling -- in fact quite the opposite .
she was making an appearance at atlantic city high school and speaking to its students .
officials paid her the amount for her june 1 appearance , saying the sum is typical for appearances of her calibre .
scroll down for video .
prized performance : r&b singer ashanti sang and spoke at atlantic city 's high school .
captive audience : hundreds of students listened to her perform ; she later told them the values of hard work .
singer-songwriter : ashanti won a grammy award in 2003 .
the 2003 grammy winner led assemblies , met privately with a group of middle school students and did an interview with the high school 's radio station , according to the press of atlantic city , which obtained the board of education 's meeting minutes .
the press reported that ashanti encouraged students to stay in school and work diligently , guided by the support of friends and family .
` continue to grind it out , ' she told students during an assembly .
` nothing that is worth it is easy .
' money to pay the performer came from funds in a district budget account designated for the improvement of instructional services .
assistant superintendent for curriculum donna haye told the press that the school budgets for special events and officials saw the singer 's appearance as ' a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity .
' she added : ` -lrb- ashanti -rrb- was paid like any other vendor .
' atlantic city mayor lorenzo langford said that none of the funds were paid by the city or its taxpayers .
backstage : the singer spoke with a local news station after performing ; school officials said she was paid the standard fee .
costume change : ashanti posted pictures of the event , thanking isiah , left , and elijah , right ; she performed whitney houston 's i have nothing in honour of the late singer .
the singer was initially in town for the