by .
martin robinson and vanessa allen .
published : .
09:05 est , 4 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
20:21 est , 4 january 2013 .
convicted : murugasan natarajan was jailed for six years after evading around # 2 million in customs duty while importing garlic from china .
a grocer who went on the run after he was caught smuggling garlic was named as one of britain 's worst tax criminals yesterday .
murugasan natarajan , 57 , dodged paying # 2million in import taxes by smuggling tons of fresh garlic from china .
he was one of 32 criminals named and pictured in a ` rogues gallery ' of the worst tax cheats of 2012 , compiled by hm revenue and customs .
natarajan , of southall , west london , imported huge containers of fresh garlic without paying duty by telling customs officials that the product was fresh ginger , which is untaxed .
but inspectors noticed that the containers used for the shipments were too cold for ginger , yet the perfect temperature for garlic .
when the containers were opened , hundreds of boxes of fresh garlic were found inside .
natarajan ran a grocery business , perfect imports and exports , and planned to sell the garlic to wholesalers .
he was arrested and released on bail , but went on the run and has not been traced .
he was tried in his absence last month and given a six-year jail sentence .
the 32 tax cheats named by hmrc on the photo-sharing website flickr were all given jail terms last year .
their combined sentences exceed 150 years .
they included jeweller chaudray ali , who evaded more than # 7million in vat payments by smuggling gold from the gulf into britain .
ali , 50 , used couriers to collect gold jewellery from dubai and take it to frankfurt airport , where he would collect it .
goods traded between eu countries are not subject to vat .
ali , of hillingdon , west london , was caught and jailed for nine years .
tax adviser roy faichney , 54 , was jailed for four years for his part in a # 70million fraud .
he was managing director of vantis tax .
ltd and profited from a fraudulent tax avoidance scheme sold to wealthy .