apple , samsung and amazon are each trying to lure new customers with futuristic technologies such as fingerprint scanners , 3d graphics and eyeball-tracking technology .
however , a recent poll has revealed the majority of smartphone owners simply want a phone that 's easy to use and has a long battery life .
in fact , almost three quarters said they refuse to be swayed by gimmicks and novelty features .
the poll was conducted by london-based uswitch.com .
long battery life -lrb- stock image pictured -rrb- was listed as the top reason for buying a phone among 89 % of respondents , with a waterproof case being the second most popular feature among 67 % of people who took part in the study .
the poll was carried out by london-based uswitch.com using an online survey of more than 1,605 mobile customers on pay-monthly contracts .
long battery life would make 89 per cent of respondents more likely to buy a smartphone , while a waterproof body -lrb- 67 per cent -rrb- and a zoom camera lens -lrb- 66 per cent -rrb- were in second and third place .
three quarters -lrb- 75 per cent -rrb- said eyeball-tracking technology - as seen on the samsung galaxy s5 - would make no difference to their purchasing decision , while 69 per cent said they would n't be lured by a phone with a voice control function , like apple 's siri or samsung 's s voice .
more than six in 10 said 3d graphics , as shown off at the us launch of amazon 's fire phone , would n't make them any more or less likely to buy a handset , either .
three quarters -lrb- 75 per cent -rrb- said eyeball-tracking technology - as seen on the samsung galaxy s5 -lrb- pictured -rrb- - would make no difference to their purchasing decision , while 69 per cent said they would n't be lured by a phone with a voice control function , like apple 's siri or samsung 's s voice .
more than six in 10 said 3d graphics , as shown off by amazon chief executive jeff besos -lrb- pictured -rrb- at the us launch of amazon 's fire phone , would n't make them any more or less likely to buy a handset , either .
of those who already have these features