whether it 's a pop star or a friend - you 're unlikely to bat an eyelid if they snap and post a picture of themselves online .
but people who share lots of selfies are displaying psychopathic traits , according to a new study .
it found that men who regularly post selfies on sites such as facebook , twitter and instagram , are more likely to be narcissistic , impulsive and display other characteristics , such as a lack of empathy .
obsessed with selfies ?
men who regularly post them on social media sites are displaying psychopathic traits , according to a new study , which found that selfie addicts are also likely narcissistic .
male celebrities such as justin bieber -lrb- pictured -rrb- regularly keep their fans updated with self-portraits .
researchers also revealed that self-objectification may be a bigger problem for men than previously thought , with many taking the time and effort to edit and improve their selfies , before posting them online .
psychologists from ohio state university found that men who posted selfies regularly , scored higher than average for levels of anti-social traits .
for example , men who doctor their images to improve their appearance , show signs of narcissism and self-objectification , said assistant professor of communication jesse fox .
narcissism is most commonly associated with vanity but as a psychological flaw , relates to a feeling of being more intelligent , attractive and better than others , according to the study published in the journal , personality and individual differences .
researchers also revealed that self-objectification -lrb- illustrated with a stock image -rrb- may be a bigger problem for men than previously thought .
men who put their pictures online as soon as they can are more likely to show signs of psychopathy , which is defined as having a lack of empathy or regard to others and impulsiveness .
professor fox explained : ` psychopathy is characterised by impulsivity .
they are going to snap the photos and put them online right away .
` they want to see themselves .
they do n't want to spend time editing .
' to come to their conclusions , the researchers surveyed 800 men aged between 18 and 40 about their social media output , as well as giving them psychological questionnaires to establish personality traits .
the survey