by .
luke garratt .
published : .
09:32 est , 13 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
11:47 est , 13 march 2014 .
judge judy , known for her high profile deliberations on televised drama-filled court cases , has filed a lawsuit of her own as she claims a lawyer used her image without her consent .
the television judge , full name judy sheindlin , is filing a lawsuit against a connecticut personal-injury lawyer , alleging that he had falsely produced advertisements saying she had endorsed his firm .
she is seeking more than $ 75,000 in damages from hartford attorney john haymond and his firm , which mainly represents people seeking compensation for injuries .
the lawsuit is the first that judge judy has ever filed , and she claims that it is because he is ` shamelessly ' using her image to promote himself without permission .
judith sheindlin - otherwise known by her tv handle judge judy , has starred in her show of the same name for 18 years , and this lawsuit marks the first time she has filed anything of this kind against anyone .
she said the unauthorised use of her name and image is ` outrageous ' and requires action .
she said : ` mr haymond is a lawyer and should know better .
judy sheindlin says that if she wins , all of the proceeds will go to the ` her honor ' scholarship scheme .
the lawsuit says that without sheindlin 's permission , haymond 's firm aired television advertisements combining footage from ` judge judy ' along with clips showing haymond and his daughters , in an endorsement for the firm .
it also says the advertisements aired in connecticut and massachusetts during broadcasts of her show , and continued even after sheindlin 's producer told the firm in march 2013 that use of her image was not permitted .
the lawsuit says : ` by trading , without consent or authorization , on sheindlin 's well-known persona , the haymond defendants have irreparably harmed and damaged sheindlin 's hard-earned professional and artistic reputation , dignity , and prestige .
' sheindlin said in her statement that any money she wins through the lawsuit will go toward college scholarships through the her honor mentoring program .
mr haymond 's law firm advertises that