by .
paul donnelley .
a male nurse accused of three murders has appeared in court .
victorino chua , 48 , spoke only to confirm his name , age and address for the three minute hearing at manchester magistrates ' court .
chua also faces 22 counts of attempting to cause grievous bodily harm with intent , seven charges of attempting to administer poison and one count of causing poison to be administered with intent .
custody : victorino chua is alleged to have murdered three people and also faces 30 other charges .
chua wearing a gap camouflage hoodie , was dwarfed by the prison officer next to him in the dock .
as the charges are so serious , the case , and any bail application , can only be dealt with at the crown court , the defendant was told .
ben southam , prosecuting , told the court : ` mr chua faces 34 allegations .
i would ask that the case be sent to the crown court for a bail and preliminary hearing next week .
` mr chua is not able to apply for bail here given the nature of the allegations .
` bail will , in any event , be opposed by the crown .
' in summer 2011 , rebecca leighton , a 30-year-old nurse at stepping hill hospital in stockport was arrested and charged with the murders .
after six weeks on remand she was released and all charges dropped .
police then went back to re-examine the evidence and arrested chua , who emigrated to the uk from the philippines more than ten years ago , in january 2012 .
re-arrested : nurse victorino chua , 48 , is taken from his home in heaton chapel near stockport earlier this week and has appeared in court charged with three murders .
he then spent more than two years on bail before he was re-arrested earlier this week at his home near stockport .
the alleged poisoning offences relate to the reported tampering of medical records and the contamination of intravenous medicines at the hospital .
eight patients who were poisoned by contaminated products later died .
stepping hill nhs hospital , stockport where ` every patient matters ' : nurse victorino chua is accused of murdering three patients there .
they were tracey arden , 44 , arnold