this is the dramatic moment a bare-chested tattooed man emerged from a stolen car and allegedly fired shots at police following a high-speed pursuit that lasted four hours .
two men have been charged with attempted murder after allegedly stealing three vehicles at gunpoint and hitting a police office with a car during their dramatic dash for freedom across south-east queensland on thursday .
the pair were arrested in tweed heads following the four hour pursuit from caboolture to brisbane , the gold coast and into nsw .
scroll down for video .
this is the dramatic moment a bare-chested tattooed man emerged from a stolen car and allegedly fired shots at police following a high-speed pursuit across queensland on thursday afternoon .
nsw police , who had been alerted to the men 's impending arrival , used road spikes to stop their car on the pacific motorway near the tugun tunnel .
a queensland police helicopter tracked the men in a blue mitsubishi lancer as they travelled down the motorway .
police say when the car stopped , a 32-year-old man got out armed with a semi-automatic handgun and fired a shot at an officer .
` he then allegedly fired a number of shots at a passing car , ' nsw police said .
police stopped the blue mitsubishi lancer using road spikes after they crossed over the nsw border following a four hour pursuit from caboolture to brisbane , the gold coast and into tweed heads .
two men -lrb- pictured getting out of the car -rrb- have been charged with attempted murder after allegedly stealing three vehicles at gunpoint and hitting a police office with a car during their dramatic dash for freedom .
the gun was knocked out of his hand when he was struck by a car and the officer was able to arrest him .
police say the car 's other occupant , aged 20 , was arrested without incident .
the two men have been charged with shooting with intent to murder , discharging a firearm to avoid arrest , attempted carjacking and skye 's law , which relates to the police pursuit .
both men have been refused bail to appear at tweed heads local court on friday .
police in nsw and queensland expect to lay further charges .
police say when the car stopped , a 32-year-old man got