by .
anna edwards .
published : .
06:05 est , 9 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:49 est , 9 november 2013 .
susan shinnick is accused of ` treating ' after taking tea and biscuits to a housing complex .
an essex councillor could face a year in prison because she bought pensioners tea and cake before a vote .
labour 's sue shinnick took the baked goods to a sheltered housing complex before winning her seat in stifford clays .
but her hospitality backfired after someone reported her to police accusing her of ` treating ' - which means an attempt to influence votes - and breaks electoral law .
now essex police are investigating the accusation , which comes under section 114 of the representation of the people act 1983 .
if found guilty she could be imprisoned for up to a year and / or face a fine .
' a person is guilty of treating if either before , during or after an election they directly or indirectly give or provide any food , drink , entertainment or provision to corruptly influence any voter to vote or refrain from voting , ' the electoral commission says .
` treating requires a corrupt intent -- it does not apply to ordinary hospitality .
' a housing complex spokesman said : ` cllr shinnick bought cakes and sandwiches .
it was n't a grand buffet , ' the sun reported .
a labour spokesman said that the claim was ` pathetic ' .
the councillor bought the refreshments before the by-election vote - and now police are investigating corruption claims -lrb- posed -rrb- .
the police are responsible for investigating any allegations of electoral fraud .
every .
police force in the uk has an identified single point of contact .
officer -lrb- or spoc -rrb- for electoral fraud , who provides specialist support .
and advice to investigators .
it is understood that there will not be a dedicated force for this investigation .
an essex police spokesman said : ` police are continuing to investigate an allegation of treating in thurrock ' .
the by-election called in stifford clays following the passing of diana hale .
cllr shinnick won the ward on october 17 with a majority of just 76 .
this compares with a majority of 354 in 2011 .