ukip are set to win their first commons seat with a landslide 64 per cent of the vote following the biggest swing in modern political history .
turncoat mp douglas carswell is set to humiliate david cameron at the clacton by-election sparked by his defection , a survation poll for the mail on sunday has revealed .
the figures -- the first test of public opinion since the politician rocked westminster by defecting to nigel farage 's party -- predict a record 48 point swing towards ukip .
scroll down for video .
shocking : according to the poll , london mayor boris johnson would win 27 per cent against mr carswell 's 60 , cutting ukip 's lead by 11 .
but it would still leave boris with a yawning 33 point deficit .
and they put the anti-brussels party a staggering 44 percentage points ahead of mr carswell 's former party in the essex constituency .
if the results are repeated in the by-election , expected in october , the swing would exceed the current record 44 points achieved by lib dem mp simon hughes when he thrashed labour 's peter tatchell , the gay rights campaigner , in a by-election in bermondsey , south london , in 1983 .
the biggest anti-tory swing to date is the 35 points achieved by the lib dems in the christchurch by-election in 1993 .
the 48 point ukip swing in clacton is partly the result of the party not having stood in the 2010 election , so their support has gone from nought to 64 per cent in one leap .
the poll blow came as senior tory mp sir nicholas soames fiercely criticised mr carswell .
former defence minister sir nicholas told the mail on sunday : ` what douglas carswell has done is sheer madness .
staggering : the figures - the first test of public opinion since the politician rocked westminster by defecting to nigel farage 's party - predict a record 48 point swing towards ukip .
` it is rank disloyalty to a party that gave him a place in parliament .
` douglas .
is a very unusual mp and it has been clear for some time where his true .
political sympathies lie .
' tory chiefs plan to flood the seaside .
constituency with ministers and mps in an attempt to hold