there was a match during atletico madrid 's la liga-winning campaign last season against real madrid when diego costa twice spat in his gloved hand then threw the phlegm at sergio ramos .
the defender was , understandably , incensed by the revolting act , but it was done so discreetly the referee was unable to punish the striker .
during the game he lightly rocks his head -- just short of a head-butt -- into ramos , slaps him , and verbally winds up pepe several times .
at the end of the game , they hug and make up .
diego costa -lrb- right -rrb- had a reputation for coming to blows with opponents before he joined chelsea .
despite costa 's controversial characteristics , his scoring ability also followed from atletico madrid to chelsea .
costa -lrb- left -rrb- joined chelsea from the spanish champions atletico last summer .
filipe luis -lrb- right -rrb- , a defender , followed costa to london from spain last summer .
costa is football 's ultimate machiavellian character , one who would give shakespeare 's iago a run for his money when it comes to the subtle dark arts of manipulation .
` diego has been playing like this since he started playing football , ' explains filipe luis , who spent four years as his team-mate at atletico madrid before the pair moved over to stamford bridge within a day of each other last summer .
` he never changes .
' tottenham 's defenders beware ; they are in for a bumpy ride when they face chelsea at wembley this afternoon .
a month into the season costa escaped a ban despite putting his hands around pablo zabaleta 's neck .
both players were booked but the manchester city defender was sent off for a second yellow card .
the striker was not , however , so fortunate in the second leg of chelsea 's league cup semi-final win against liverpool , when he was retrospectively banned for three matches for a stamp on emre can .
he also caught martin skrtel with his studs .
but luis has a different interpretation than most of costa 's actions .
` he is not violent or aggressive , he is intense , ' he says .
costa -lrb- right -rrb- escaped punishment for landing his studs on the leg of