by .
associated press reporter .
published : .
00:00 est , 29 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:02 est , 29 may 2013 .
a woman whose boyfriend died in police custody despite gasping for air and pleading for help is considering filing a lawsuit , her lawyer said tuesday after the u.s. justice department said the three officers would not face federal charges .
robbery suspect derek williams died in july 2011 after fleeing about a block and a half from officers .
the medical examiner 's office initially classified the death as natural , saying he died of sickle cell crisis - he had the genetic marker for sickle cell but not the disease itself .
it was reclassified as a homicide after an investigation by the milwaukee journal sentinel .
a video obtained by the newspaper showed the 22-year-old struggling to breathe and pleading for help from the backseat of a police car for nearly eight minutes , then growing progressively weaker and collapsing .
police eventually performed cpr and called paramedics .
williams was dead within an hour .
scroll down for video .
lost love : sharday rose , 24 , poses in milwaukee with a photo of her boyfriend , derek williams , who died in 2011 in police custody while gasping for breath .
family : williams ' mother , sonya moore , left , and her attorney , robin shellow , tell reporters they 're considering a lawsuit against milwaukee police .
the u.s. department of justice and fbi investigated but could not find enough evidence to support charging the officers involved with depriving a person 's rights under the color of law , u.s. attorney james santelle told reporters tuesday .
a special prosecutor previously declined to file state charges for similar reasons .
in march , the inquest jury found probable cause to support charging the three officers in state court with failure to render aid .
but special prosecutor john franke said he was n't confident he could meet the standard of proving guilt beyond a reasonable doubt .
victim : williams -lrb- pictured -rrb- died in july 2011 after fleeing about a block and a half from officers .
to bring federal charges , santelle would have to prove the officers had specific intent to deprive williams of his rights .
` mistake ,