by .
leon watson .
published : .
12:04 est , 30 august 2012 .
| .
updated : .
07:56 est , 31 august 2012 .
police have unearthed a secret cannabis farm being grown deep in middle england woodland in what is feared to be a new tactic by mobsters to hide their illegal crops .
two officers acting on a tip off waded through thick bracken to find it was camouflaging ten cannabis plants up to 6ft high being grown in a forest clearing .
experts believe they were grown by ` guerilla ' farmers hoping to exploiting the warmer summer weather in britain to grow the drugs in the outdoors .
pc andy kent -lrb- left -rrb- and pc warren davison of cheshire police unearthing a secret cannabis farm being grown deep in english woodland at oakhanger in crewe .
last march a new police crackdown on dope factories was ordered after figures showed the number of cannabis factories found inside properties across the uk had increased from 3,032 to 6,866 over the past four years .
many are said to be run by criminal gangs - usually from vietnam .
cannabis has been grown outdoors before in the uk but usually just one or two plants in private gardens .
today , cheshire police confirmed the find at woodland in oakhanger near crewe on friday afternoon - and revealed it was the first outdoor cannabis farm its officers had found .
the plants would have yielded a total of 250g of cannabis giving it a street value of up to # 3,000 .
pc andy kent said he and pc warren davison had received information from a member of the public that cannabis was being cultivated in the public woods .
pc kent said : ` after fighting through bracken up to 6ft high and searching the woodland we found 10 cannabis plants that had been purposefully planted and were quite obviously being tendered to by someone .
secret garden : the cannabis plants were hidden in woodland in what is feared to be a new tactic by mobsters to hide their illegal crops .
secluded : the spot is near taylors lane at oakhanger woods in crewe , cheshire .
experts believe the plants were grown by ` guerilla ' farmers hoping to exploiting the warmer summer weather .
` they are well off