by .
chris kitching .
scottish officials are pointing the finger at english tourists after heaps of rubbish were allowed to pile up near the busiest border crossing with scotland .
grease-stained takeaway containers , empty plastic bottles and assorted litter covered the ground at the base of an overflowing bin on the a1 just north of berwick-upon-tweed , the northernmost town in england .
stunned motorists snapped photos as they drove past the unpleasant sight that formed just metres from a sign that proudly welcomes visitors to scotland .
this place is not a dump : locals say the mess on the a1 is giving people the wrong impression of scotland .
residents were so upset with the foul-smelling mess they complained to local and national officials and demanded it be cleared at once .
scottish borders council apologised to angry residents and blamed english tourists who are visiting scotland for the commonwealth games and other big summer events .
the eyesore is one of the first things motorists encounter as they enter scotland at a border crossing used by about 23 million vehicles a year .
locals say the sight of the bin is an awful advertisement for scotland as it gives visitors the wrong impression of their country .
scotland is seeing a spike in visitors - and roadside rubbish - thanks to a series of high-profile summer events .
joyce mclean , who resides about eight miles north of the border in reston , is vowing to forward her photos to first minister alex salmond .
the 69-year-old retired office worker for northumbria police said : ` the amount of litter is phenomenal .
it 's a real problem - but it 's people in cars throwing it out .
it 's very , very difficult to catch them .
` i have never seen a rural area so bad .
it 's really time it was highlighted .
' she said two of her dogs have been maimed by broken tins on two separate occasions .
she added : ` it sends out the wrong message during the commonwealth games .
' clean up that mess : residents of nearby towns complained to local and national officials about the eyesore .
locals also complained about waste that piled up at the lay-by just north of the a1 at ayton .
eyemouth resident karen walker called