an ancient fresh water lake on mars could have sustained life on the red planet billions of years ago .
mudstones from gale crater , the landing site of the curiosity rover , were formed in a lake that may have existed on the planet for hundreds of thousands of years , say scientists .
the 150 kilometre-wide -lrb- 93-mile -rrb- impact basin , with a mountain at its centre , is believed to have supported the lake - and possibly more than one - around 3.6 billion years ago .
scroll down for video ... the crater formed long after the most recent proposed ice age on mars , which ended some 400,000 years ago .
this is an artist 's impression of what a lake on mars may have looked like .
the analysis showed that the lake was .
calm and likely had fresh water , containing key biological elements including carbon , hydrogen , oxygen , nitrogen and sulphur .
such a lake would provide perfect conditions for simple microbial life such as chemolithoautotrophs to thrive in .
on earth , chemolithoautotrophs are commonly found in caves and around hydrothermal vents .
the microbes break down rocks and minerals for energy .
mudstones generally form in calm conditions .
they are created by very fine sediment grains settling layer-by-layer on each other in still water .
the finding was made by a team of researchers from nasa 's mars science laboratory curiosity rover mission , which includes a member from imperial college london .
pictured is the curiosity rover that analysed the area .
the team 's analysis showed that the lake was calm and likely had fresh water , containing key biological elements such as carbon , hydrogen , oxygen , nitrogen and sulphur .
evidence of water on mars dates back to the mariner 9 mission , which arrived on mars in 1971 .
mariner 9 imaging revealed clues of water erosion in river beds and canyons as well as weather fronts and fogs .
viking orbiters that followed caused a revolution in our ideas about water on mars by showing how floods of water broke through dams , carved deep valleys , eroded grooves into bedrock , and traveled thousands of kilometres .
mars is currently in the middle of an ice age , so liquid water can not exist on its surface