conor mcgregor delivered on his promise to stop dustin poirier in the first round as the irishman 's seemingly inexorable rise continued in las vegas .
the dublin featherweight caught his opponent with a cuffing left hand behind the ear inside the opening two minutes and the fight was called off after a barrage of shots rained in on the canvas .
mcgregor said : ' i do n't just knock them out , i pick the round .
conor mcgregor connects with dustin poirier on his way to a first-round victory in las vegas .
mcgregor completes the job on poirier with a barrage of shots while his opponent was on the canvas .
mcgregor needed less than two minutes to finish the job in what was expected to be a tough fight .
mcgregor walks away as the referee calls off his fight with poirier in the first round .
mcgregor celebrates his win with the irish tricolour as he continued his march towards a world title .
` what the other featherweights do n't understand is that it 's a whole other game when they get hit by me .
' i felt really good .
i tore my ligaments in my thumb four weeks ago which disrupted my training .
' i wanted to put on a performance .
i said i 'd knock him out in the first round and i knocked him out in the first round .
` you can call me mystic meg because i predict these things.the world title is next .
' in the main event , demetrious johnson retained his flyweight title , submitting chris cariaso in the second round .
johnson easily scored a takedown in the first session and stunned cariaso with a looping right hook , followed by a knee to the jaw as the horn sounded to end the round .
demetrious johnson celebrates his win over chris cariaso as he retained his flyweight title in las vegas .
cariaso kicks johnson but had no answer to the champion as he was submitted in the second round .
johnson kept the pressure on in the second and gained top control after cariaso slipped .
johnson swiftly maneuvered into side control , landed a few elbows and secured a kimura , forcing cariaso to tap out at 2:29 of the second .
' i felt good