by .
rob cooper .
published : .
03:53 est , 10 april 2012 .
| .
updated : .
04:23 est , 10 april 2012 .
tory donor : william ives , 68 , was arrested for harassing his ex-wife .
he accepted a police caution .
a major conservative party donor and friend of the prime minister has received a police caution for harassing his ex-wife .
william ives , 68 , who has a # 266million fortune , is alleged to have bombarded pearl adams , 56 , with telephone calls for years after their divorce .
the steel tycoon was arrested at his essex mansion and was released after he agreed to accept a caution .
the donor has given more than # 560,000 to the conservative party and has attended lunches and downing street garden parties with the prime minister .
he gives more than # 50,000 per year to the party and as a member of the ` leaders group ' of donors has regular meetings with mr cameron and george osborne .
his ex-wife pearl , a marks and spencer shop assistant , was allegedly abused and threatened during a string phone calls .
however , ives , who is chairman of rainham steel which he founded in 1973 , says he only called his ex-wife a few times .
he told police he was only trying to win her back .
pearl attended lunch in mr cameron 's commons office after prime minister 's questions and a private dinner for donors in london while she was with ives .
she was diagnosed with cancer last year and was forced to undergo gruelling chemotherapy sessions .
ives was arrested at his mansion on april 2 and taken to the nearby basildon police station for questioning after police refused his offer to come in for questioning voluntarily the following day .
tycoon : bill ives , founder and chairman of rainham steel , has an estimated # 266million fortune .
officers suggested he had been bombarding his ex-wife , from southend , essex , with 30 calls per week for two years - but ives dismissed the claims as rubbish .
the tory donor met his future wife through a dating agency in october 2004 and wooed her by picking her up in a chauffeur-driven rolls royce with champagne on their second date .