by .
jeff powell .
published : .
18:37 est , 30 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:48 est , 31 december 2013 .
cometh the new year , cometh the rankings which lay the foundation for the first tranche of big fights in 2013 .
the principal corner-stone is the pound-for-pound rating of the best boxers in the world .
rarely has a year turned around so many diverse opinions as to who are the ten finest of them all .
the most intense argument centres upon manny pacquiao and his rightful place in that listing .
still got it : manny pacquiao returned to winning ways with a comprehensive win over brandon rios .
the americans were quickest to write off the pacman , who would also be president of the philippines , when his robbery by tim bradley was followed by his carelessness in getting knocked cold by juan manuel marquez .
yet even in the us they admit , however reluctantly , that pacquiao remains the only authentic challenger to floyd mayweather as the master of his generation .
pacquiao reminded them of that by overwhelming tough young gun brandon rios in his comeback .
yet still the ring magazine , the bible of boxing in america , and boxing news , the gospel of the game in this country , relegate the pacman to the bottom half of their top ten .
not this column .
there is confusion , also , as to how best to acknowledge the talents of two other outstanding boxers .
wladimir klitschko 's long reign as the multiple heavyweight champion has taken the edge off boxing 's marquee division .
guillermo rigondeaux , arguably the most gifted amateur of all time , has turned pro late after leaving his native cuba .
thus he has continued in the classical style which he does best and has quickly become the dominant figure at super-bantamweight .
even so he is criticised for failing to excite the crowds -- and more importantly the tv moguls -- by descending into brawls against technically inferior opponents .
just as it is no fault of klitschko 's that they can find no-one to beat him , so rigondeaux deserves admiration for his mastery of the noble art of self-defence .
yet he is begrudged recognition for skills similar to those of floyd