by .
ryan gorman .
published : .
11:05 est , 21 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:41 est , 21 july 2013 .
a college football star has been arrested for barking at a police dog .
university of florida -lrb- uf -rrb- linebacker antonio morrison was arrested sunday morning for allegedly barking at a police dog while officers were responding to an unrelated dispute .
his second arrest in two months has taken him off the field for at least two games .
morrison has been suspended for at least the first two games of the season by uf coach will mushcamp after his second arrest in five weeks .
woof woof !
: university of florida linebacker adam morrison was arrested saturday night for barking at a police dog .
morrison .
` walked up to the open window ' of a squad car and ` made barking sounds .
in the window where my k9 partner bear was located , ' the arresting .
officer wrote in the report .
the linebacker ` spontaneously stated .
several times that he made a ` woof-woof ' sound at the dog because the .
dog barked at him ' after being advised by officers that distracting the .
dog prevents it from properly doing its job while they arrested him , .
which he is charged with resisting .
morrison , 19 , was also .
arrested in june for assaulting a bouncer outside a gainesville , fl bar making his latest arrest his second in only five weeks .
citing those two arrests , muschamp suspended morrison for the opening game august 31 against toledo and the following game on the road against the university of miami , according to the associated press .
morrison recently received deferred prosecution on the misdemeanor simple battery charge after being accused june 16 of punching a bouncer outside a gainesville bar , records show .
blue chip : antonio morrison # 12 , of the florida gators , makes a tackle against the university of tennessee during the 2012 season .
his record was to be clean if he stayed out of trouble , attended a drug and alcohol abuse program at uf , attended anger management classes and completed two ride-alongs with campus police , according to the gainesville sun .
morrison is the second uf