by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
00:55 est , 15 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
00:55 est , 15 october 2013 .
somebody might be in a little trouble on the home-front .
president barack obama took a break from sorting out the shutdown of the federal government on monday to make sandwiches for low-income and homeless families .
nobody would argue that feeding the homeless is a noble cause .
however , the president 's wife might not be too thrilled with what was on the menu .
sticky situation : president obama makes pb&j s for homeless children .
his wife probably wo n't be too thrilled .
somebody might have some explaining to do as president obama made pb&j s for homeless people on monday , which does n't jibe with his wife 's health initiative .
processed : in addition to the pb&j s , obama packaged up sandwiches made with processed meat - another no-no , if you ask his wife .
dozens of photos were taken showing obama smearing peanut butter and ` sticky ' jelly on what appears to be processed , white bread .
menu option number two appeared to be stacks of processed meat , also on white bread .
this does n't exactly jibe with michelle obama 's primary initiative as first lady : healthy eating .
mrs. obama started the ` let 's move ' movement , a program billed as ` america 's move to raise a healthier generation of kids .
' the first lady has been very vocal - at times even demanding - in her crusade to slim down america 's youth .
nailed it : at one point , the president asked for pointers on how to seal a ziplock bag .
hungry : martha 's table is a d.c.-based non-profit that provides meals to homeless and low-income families .
` in total , we are now eating 31 percent more calories than we were forty .
years ago -- including 56 percent more fats and oils and 14 percent more .
sugars and sweeteners .
the average american now eats fifteen more pounds .
of sugar a year than in 1970 , ' mrs. obama 's organization explains on its website .
peanut butter and jelly sandwiches have roughly 350 calories per sandwich , depending on the