by .
louise cheer .
people in australia 's eastern states can hold off unpacking their winter woolies - for now .
while they 'd usually brace themselves for the oncoming cold at this time of year , a jet stream - a strong , high-speed air current that can change temperatures - has created an unexpected turn in weather patterns .
current forecasts report that temperatures next week in south australia , new south wales , queensland and victoria will be up to six degrees higher than the may average .
record-breaking run : sydney and melbourne both have warm days ahead , with experts predicting a record-breaking run of above-average temperatures .
dominique le toullec soaks up the sun at bondi beach today .
it is expected this glorious weather will last until monday as the eastern states experience warmer temperatures than usual in may .
surfers took advantage of the warm autumn day at sydney 's bilgola beach today .
sydneysiders can expect to enjoy up to nine straight days of temperatures varying from 23 to 24 degrees , which are may conditions typical in brisbane , according reports in the age .
senior meteorologist at weatherzone brett dutschke said if sydney gets seven days of 23 degrees , it would set a late-season record .
more ... nasa data reveals antarctic ice sheet is melting at an ` unstoppable ' speed .
were dinosaurs wiped out by a ` nuclear winter ' ?
dust from the asteroid impact may have blocked the sun and caused temperatures to plummet .
sydney last had six consecutive days reaching such temperatures this late in autumn back in 1974 .
the mercury will hit 22 degrees in melbourne on thursday , with the long-term average temperature being 16.7 degrees in may .
melbourne residents may also experience up to 10 back-to-back days of 20 degrees or higher , according to the bureau of meteorology 's forecasts .
mr dutschke said the run , which began on sunday , will beat the record of seven such days which was set in 1907 .
` there are no strong signs of a strong cold outbreak in the next week at least for south-eastern australia , ' he said .
in adelaide , temperatures will peak at 24 degrees on friday with its average being 19 degrees .
in 2002 , adelaide had