police have warned a ` dangerous ' game of hoax calls which result in armed units descending on homes , known as ` swatting ' , is becoming a national epidemic .
officers investigating one such hoax call which lead to a swat team storming a home under the belief a teen had shot dead his mother say it is just one of the latest examples of the ` game ' .
an army of police and a swat team descended upon the long island home on tuesday , but within minutes they discovered the hostage call was an act of revenge by a disgruntled ` call of duty ' gamer who 'd just been defeated .
long beach police commissioner michael tangney described the phenomenon , which sees people gain points for the size of police response to a hoax call , as ` very dangerous ' .
scroll down for video .
huge reaction : more than 70 emergency responders , including a swat team , swarmed a long beach home on tuesday after receiving a call from someone saying he had killed his mother and brother .
rapid response : police arrived with a swat to find out the call was a prank by a sore loser involved in the online video game ` call of duty ' hoax : emergency crews , girded for a multiple shooting and barricade crisis , swarmed the home -lrb- pictured -rrb- only to discover that the hostage call was a hoax .
he told cbs : ` in this ... bizarre world of swatting , you get points for the helicopter , for the police cars , for the swat team , for the type of entry .
` it 's very sophisticated .
unfortunately , it 's very dangerous .
' law enforcers say the game of swatting is taking place across the country , cbs reported .
in the city of tuscon , arizona , a 15-year-old boy was the apparent target of a mass shooting hoax , according to reports this week .
according to an april 17 search warrant , an e-mail from an anonymous source was sent to the university of arizona , claiming to be from a teenager , referencing going to the campus with an m4 rifle and body armour .
the teenager told kvoa.com he believed he was the victim of somebody