the old saying goes that nice guys finish last .
but andy lee made a mockery of that , and the bookmakers here in las vegas , to become the new middleweight champion of the world on an emotionally charged evening on the strip .
and , although he might not describe it as such , there was a sense that the popular 30-year-old fulfilled his destiny in front of the widow of his former trainer , the legendary emanuel steward at the chelsea arena inside the cosmopolitan hotel .
video scroll down for andy lee : i dedicate victory to emanuel steward and adam booth .
andy lee celebrates his win over matt korobov after their fight for the vacant wbo middleweight title .
lee lands a left hand on korobov as he came into his own as the fight approached the halfway mark .
it was steward who took lee under his wing , immersed him in his famous kronk philosophy in detroit , even let him stay at his home after they met in 2002 .
steward guided lee through his formative years as a professional and even up until his first challenge for a world title , the unsuccessful attempt to wrestle the wbc title from julio cesar chavez jr in 2012 .
but lee was forced to go it alone four months later when steward passed away until he linked up with adam booth , who was in the corner here , and the brains behind lee 's preparation for this shot at the wbo title .
lee admitted in the week , in the suite 45 floors above the venue , that a defeat here would likely end his career , with no desire to fight his way back from another failed title challenge .
he also said that he was completely confident of beating undefeated matt korobov .
referee kenny bayless steps in to end the fight as korobov looks stunned while lee races to celebrate .
until lee stopped the unbeaten man , the fight had been tentative with neither fighter able to make his mark .
and he showed exactly why in the sixth round of this contest , which was otherwise tentative , quiet and cagey .
in fact , the only moment of note before the stoppage was when lee momentarily stiffened the russian with a left hand in