by .
ellie zolfagharifard .
published : .
12:08 est , 31 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
12:11 est , 31 january 2014 .
two chinese monkeys , named ningning and mingming , have become the first genetically-modified primates to be born using a powerful ` cut and paste ' dna technique .
scientists claim the technology could usher in a new era in genetic medicine and help combat diseases such as alzheimer 's and parkinson 's .
dubbed crispr-cas9 , the technology precisely changes target parts of genetic code and could create more realistic research models of human disease .
two chinese monkeys , named ningning and mingming , have become the first genetically-modified primates to be born using a powerful ` cut and paste ' dna technique .
in this case , it was used to manipulate two genes in fertilised monkey eggs before they were transferred to surrogate mothers .
writing in the journal , cell , the team from nanjing medical university reported the successful delivery of twin female long-tailed macaques using the technique .
five surrogate mothers miscarried and four more pregnancies are ongoing .
scientists have previously used the new genome-editing technology to delete , insert , and modify dna in human cells grown in petri dishes .
the ladder-rung patterns in an image of a dna gel show that genome editing successfully modified a gene in two macaque infants -lrb- shown in the central columns -rrb- , but not in an untreated animal -lrb- right column -rrb- .
crispr-cas9 technology precisely changes target parts of genetic code .
unlike other gene-silencing tools , the crispr-cas9 system targets the genome 's source material and permanently turns off genes at the dna level .
the dna cut -- known as a double strand break -- closely mimics the kinds of mutations that occur naturally , for instance after chronic sun exposure .
but unlike uv rays that can result in genetic alterations , the crispr-cas9 system causes a mutation at a precise location in the genome .
when cellular machinery repairs the dna break , it removes a small snip of dna .
in this way , researchers can precisely turn off specific genes in the genome .
but the new study shows for the first time that crispr-cas9 can create healthy primates with their dna modified at specific targeted genes .