by .
emily crane for daily mail australia .
she may be an aspiring model but this blonde bombshell has a little more on her mind than strutting on a catwalk .
brinkley davies , 21 , is a marine conservationist and she spends most of her free time free-diving with sharks and deadly sea creatures .
the south australian 's social media accounts are bursting with photos of her on the sea floor and swimming alongside giant manta rays and whale sharks .
scroll down for video .
brinkley davies , 21 , is a marine conservationist and she spends most of her free time free-diving with sea creatures like this giant manta ray .
the south australian regularly volunteers at marine rescue centres where dolphins , seabirds and seals are rehabilitated .
the blonde beauty is n't afraid of and loves getting up close to whale sharks and other creatures of the sea .
the south australian 's social media accounts are bursting with photos of her on the sea floor .
the aspiring model spends the majority of her spare time freediving around australia .
she may be an aspiring model but this blonde bombshell has a little more on her mind than strutting on a catwalk .
davies , who plans to travel to diverse marine biology areas throughout the next year , has just returned from ningaloo reef in western australia .
' i travelled to ningaloo reef and spent two weeks out on the water everyday , whale shark guiding , freediving and surfing.the diversity of marine life in this part of the word is phenomonal , ' she said .
she proudly boasted of swimming with a mother and calf humpback whale , whale sharks , tiger sharks , manta rays and dugongs .
' i was also lucky enough to view the reef from the whale shark spotter plane , and help spot humpbacks , whale sharks and manta rays from an aerial view .
' davies regularly volunteers at marine rescue centres where dolphins , seabirds and seals are rehabilitated and at the rspca in south australia where she lives .
the aspiring model grew up surfing the rough waves of south australia and rode onto state titles , national titles and junior pro competitions .
now she 's halfway through a marine biology degree at university .
davies , who