by .
sarah harris .
tough love : gina ford , author of a best-selling book on childcare said teachers must be ` firm but fair ' as the author of a best - selling book on childcare , she is known for helping parents cope with teething , toddlers and tantrums .
now gina ford is turning her hand to a new task -- telling teachers how to deal with pushy parents .
and the key to her advice ?
treat them just like demanding children .
miss ford , who has divided mothers with her ultra-strict advice , insists difficult parents must be taught the importance of ` boundaries ' and be treated with a ` fair but firm ' hand .
she told the times educational supplement : ` applying good boundaries to a pushy parent is just as necessary as applying good boundaries to a demanding child .
` a pushy or demanding parent needs to understand that he or she ca n't fundamentally alter the way the school operates .
` good schools will work with the parent to improve communication and resolve matters successfully , but being fair but firm may be the only way to deal with a really demanding parent .
' former maternity nurse miss ford , who does not have children of her own , is a pioneer of the controversial ` controlled crying ' technique for babies -- where children are left to cry themselves to sleep .
the parenting expert 's latest book , the contented baby goes to school , suggests teachers use a similar tough-love approach with clingy parents who struggle to leave their children when they first start school .
she discourages mothers and fathers from lingering over goodbyes or watching their youngsters through classroom windows , claiming that while this can be comforting for parents , it is likely to unsettle their child .
she went on to say : ` starting school is a huge milestone in the life of a child .
` but it is very easy to underestimate what a big thing having a child starting school can be for a parent .
pushy : gina ford said that parents who are particularly demanding when their children start school are sometimes just particularly anxious .
` those parents who are particularly demanding when their children start school are sometimes just