by .
alex greig and ryan gorman .
published : .
17:36 est , 4 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:51 est , 5 august 2013 .
a masterchef star arrested after a bizarre confrontation with university of chicago police told officers he 'd been possessed by gordon ramsay - who turned him into god - was n't the first time he 's run afoul of the law .
arrested july 31 after a knock down , drag out fight with campus police who noticed him acting strangely and with cuts all over his face , josh marks , 26 , is no stranger to local law enforcement .
marks was also arrested in june on a trespassing charge .
his transgressions have also cost him multiple sponsorships .
the trespassing charge stemmed from his constant presence at a condominium complex where he was not a resident , according to tmz .
scroll down for video .
cooking up a storm : josh marks was a big favorite on masterchef but has been arrested in chicago after a confrontation with police .
recipe for success : josh marks -lrb- left -rrb- with ryan umane at a fox masterchef season 3 event last year .
discovered by the celebrity gossip site after delving into illinois criminal records , marks was first corralled by the fuzz for repeatedly sneaking into a chicago condo complex .
marks allegedly gained entry by telling residents he lived in there , causing building management to circulate a warning to tenants warning them to be on the lookout for a ` very tall ' african-american man who ` enters the building by catching the door , ' and advising them to call 911 , reported tmz .
the trespassing case still pending did n't stop marks from getting into his latest scuffle , which may cost him 14 years in prison .
the 7 ' 2 '' tall basketball player turned cook was seen trying to us an .
emergency telephone when police approached and asked him if anything was .
wrong , according to tmz , .
judgement day : judges gordon ramsay , graham elliot and joe bastianich named christine ha the winner of masterchef season three , making josh marks the runner-up .
runner-up : since coming second in masterchef , marks has cooked at charity events and pop-up restaurants .