by .
graham smith .
updated : .
09:46 est , 28 february 2012 .
a judge 's decision to dismiss a harassment charge against a muslim accused of attacking a man marching as ` zombie muhammad ' during a halloween parade last year was today branded ` completely and unequivocally unacceptable ' .
ernest perce was marching through mechanicsburg , pennsylvania , with a fellow atheist dressed as a ` zombie pope ' when he was confronted by talaag elbayomy , 46 , about his ` offensive ' costume .
perce claims elbayomy then choked him from behind and tried to remove a sign that read ` muhammad of islam ' from around his neck .
scroll down for video .
halloween parade : ernest perce -lrb- right -rrb- marches through mechanicsburg , pennsylvania , with a fellow atheist dressed as a ` zombie pope ' in october .
he was confronted by talaag elbayomy about his ` offensive ' costume , which included the sign ` muhammad of islam ' , here invisible so added by perce electronically .
elbayomy was charged with harassment after perce reported the ` attack ' to a nearby police officer .
elbayomy in turn filed his own complaint with police accusing perce of instigating the incident and claiming he never laid a hand on him .
he admitted arguing with perce about his costume .
when the case came to court in december , cumberland county magisterial district judge mark martin - an iraq war veteran and a recent islam convert - said there was n't enough evidence to convict elbayomy of harassment as it was one man 's word against the other 's .
a video of the incident taken from perce 's point of view , and now posted on youtube , could not be taken into account because it was ruled inconclusive .
in an audio recording of his ruling released by perce this week , judge martin said : ' i think our forefathers intended that we use the first amendment so that we could speak what 's on our mind , not to p *** off other people and cultures , which is what you did .
` you are way outside your bounds of first amendment rights .
` you 've completely trashed their essence , their being .
i 'm a muslim .
i find