harrison odjegba okene had survived three days in a small air pocket inside an overturned tugboat at the bottom of the atlantic ocean before he was rescued at the last moment by a diver -- but the lucky 29-year-old says he will not be tempting fate again .
in an exclusive interview with the associated press , okene described his miraculous rescue that was videotaped and which went viral after it was uploaded on the internet this month .
the 29-year-old still has nightmares and vows to never return to the sea again .
he has taken a new job as cook on firm ground instead .
scroll down for videos .
covenant : harrison odjegba okene , the ship 's cook who was rescued from a capsized tugboat in may after nearly three days , said he had promised god that if he survives the ordeal , he will never go back in the sea .
living ` corpse ' : okene recalled that when he tapped on the diver 's neck to draw his attention , the man thought he was a dead body floating in the water .
saviors : in this image , harrison odjegba okene , second left , poses inside a decompression chamber with members of the dcn diving team who saved his life after being trapped for three days underwater .
fateful moment : okene 's stretches through the murky waters to reach a rescue diver as the diver 's headcam video records the moment he becomes aware that okene is still alive .
okene was the only survivor in a crew of 12 when the boat capsized in may .
it still haunts him .
in addition with being saddled with survivors ' guilt , some nigerians believe he saved himself through black magic .
the jascon 4 was resting on the seabed upside down at a depth of about 100 feet .
the plump cook survived on only one bottle of coke .
two flashlights that he had found gave up after less than one day .
in the dark , he had almost given up hope after three days of praying to god for a miracle when he suddenly heard the sound of a boat , a hammering on the side of the vessel and then , after a while , saw lights and the rising waters around him bubbling