by .
deni kirkova .
published : .
07:47 est , 15 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:33 est , 16 october 2013 .
it is a time for growth and rejuvenation , a state of semi-consciousness where we dream , imagine and put demons to rest .
we spend a third of our lives asleep yet remember very little about it .
one photographer , fascinated by our nocturnal behaviour , made it his life 's work to capture the way we slumber through a time-lapse photo series .
ted spagna from new york passed away in 1989 at the age of 45 .
he took photographs of children , couples , singletons and groups moving , stretching and cuddling in bed .
alexis 1981 : new york 's ted spagna took photographs of children , couples , singletons and groups moving , stretching and cuddling in the night .
his beautiful work is now released in a new book entitled sleep , featuring all the 70 chronological grids of his various subjects .
the intriguing coffee table book is a voyeuristic journey through spagna 's human sleep portraiture work .
spagna was an influential teacher , filmmaker , and photographer who discovered and pioneered the art of sleep portraiture .
from 1975 - to 1989 his sleeping subjects included people ranging in age from newborns to 92-year-olds and a wide variety of animals in captivity .
his .
voyeuristic venture into ` inner space ' exposes the secrets of human .
sleep behaviour using time-lapse camera .
' i was surprised to see another self that existed in .
sleep that i did n't know about , ' he told the new york times .
from the erotic to the domestic , .
men and women alone to tender intertwined couples , all are psychologically - often literally - naked .
presented in brilliantly coloured exposures , these sensual , .
cinematic images of dressed or undressed sleeping subjects depict the unique nature of our natural behaviour .
rob and patty circa 1985 : spagna is devoted to documenting the sleeping habits of others .
the significance in his work lies in .
both its aesthetic and scientific implications .
until spagna came along , .
sleep researchers never had this kind of visual information about their subjects .
taken at fixed intervals throughout .