as the players retreated to the pavilion in dwindling light , it was clear that one test team had again increased its standing on day one at the oval .
australia .
what a job they did on england in the winter , that alastair cook and his colleagues should have made such hard work of these indian tourists this summer .
how did cook nearly lose his job , and his marbles , to this lot ?
how were england staring at a series defeat coming out of that second test at lord 's ?
australia really did a number on england in the last ashes series .
shaken : alastair cook and england have made hard work of the five-test series against india this summer .
stirred : australia did such a number on england that their confidence was shaken going up against india .
click here to read the report from england v india day one at the oval .
it has taken them to here , almost , to recover their confidence and swagger .
india 's failed attempt to wage disciplinary war on james anderson after trent bridge appears to have united england and , in doing so , healed some of the wounds of the winter .
until that point , australia had rendered england vulnerable and meek , their captain a shell of himself , even the younger members of the squad catching the fear that seemed to pervade the dressing-room at the first hint of crisis .
some fragility remains .
england are still at risk from a tail-end with its dander up and in the last two years have given up 50 runs or more to the 10th-wicket partnership on eight occasions .
so it was here .
the stand between india 's captain ms dhoni and the returning fast bowler ishant sharma was worth 58 from 98 balls , the most successful indian pairing of the day by a margin of 34 .
england seem unable to get the job finished under pressure -- a remnant , perhaps , of a similar failing in the back-to-back ashes series .
there is no doubt australia hurt them and one wonders in what direction this series would have swung had their opponents been made of sterner stuff .
as it is , india have lived down to the national stereotype , lousy