the pretty old belgian cloth town of ypres is linked by a canal to the channel , from which for centuries english wool was shipped inland for weaving .
on thursday , it will provide the setting for an eu summit which could mark the beginning of a process whereby , within a few short years , britain could feel obliged to quit europe .
if jean-claude juncker is anointed president of the european commission , many voters in this country will start eyeing the exit .
the cathedral and cloth hall in ypres , belgium , pictured in 1916 , was reduced to rubble during the first world war .
the cloth halls have been restored to their former glory in ypres , belgium , a hundred years after they were destroyed .
in the same town this week , the eu is planning to hand its top job to an arch-federalist .
yet a century ago , around this same ypres , millions of british soldiers fought to frustrate german dominance of europe , and almost a quarter of a million died , including one of my own great-uncles .
it is a place etched deep into the heritage of britain , a name that commands pride -- because there the british army defied repeated german offensives -- and also horror , because of the cost .
one of my grandfathers and another of my great-uncles won military crosses there , and most families in britain can claim similar associations .
uncle lewis was a poet , a post-war friend of siegfried sassoon .
in 1930 , he wrote a piece entitled the salient , about ypres in 1917 , of which one verse ran : .
when every hollow 's a belching mass .
of wrangling guns , guns bellowing to guns .
you can not tell a burst of ours from the huns ' suddenly through the cordite , i smelt the gas .
down went the warning through the roar and screech .
the spitting splinters ploughed us like a squall .
half-blinded gunners wrestled with the breech .
what would lewis and the legion of his long-ago comrades have thought , i wonder , to see ypres today , rebuilt from knee-high rubble into manicured prosperity , the scene of a summit of nations overwhelmingly dominated by mighty germany ?
they would surely welcome