by .
associated press .
raising beef for the american dinner table does far more damage to the environment than producing pork , poultry , eggs or dairy , a new study says .
compared with the other animal proteins , beef produces five times more heat-trapping gases per calorie , puts out six times as much water-polluting nitrogen , takes 11 times more water for irrigation and uses 28 times the land , according to the study published monday in the journal proceedings of the national academy of sciences .
cows are not efficient at converting feed to protein for human consumption , said lead author gidon eshel , an environmental physics professor at bard college in new york .
scroll down for video .
damaging : this june 18 , 2009 file photo shows cows grazing in rock county , nebraska .
compared to the other animal proteins , beef produces five times more heat-trapping gases connected to global warming per calorie .
eshel used u.s. government figures to calculate air and water emissions and how much water and land were used in the lifetime production of beef , pork , poultry , dairy and eggs .
while other studies have looked at the issue , this is one of the most comprehensive pieces of research quantifying and comparing the u.s. environmental costs of different meats and other animal protein .
the beef industry called the study ' a gross oversimplification of the complex systems that make up the beef value chain .
' kim stackhouse , sustainability director at the national cattlemen 's beef association , said that the industry has improved its environmental sustainability in recent years and that the u.s. produces beef with the lowest greenhouse gas emissions of any country .
in the study , pork , poultry , dairy and eggs all had comparable environmental footprints , so close there were no statistically significant differences among them , eshel said .
but cows were off-the-chart different .
the study did not look at plants or fish raised for human consumption .
cows burp major amounts of methane , a greenhouse gas that is dozens of times more potent than carbon dioxide .
their digestive system makes them produce considerably more methane than pigs , chickens or turkeys do , eshel said .
the manure used to grow feed for cows also releases methane