by .
katy winter .
published : .
12:53 est , 29 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:32 est , 29 november 2013 .
those who do trial-run the big meal admit that it takes on average three attempts to get it spot on .
getting the christmas day meal just right is so important to brits that a third -lrb- 33 per cent -rrb- admit to ` rehearsing ' it ahead of the big day , research has revealed .
the survey amongst 2,000 adults exposes the lengths brits go to , to ensure the perfect ` ta-dah ' moment .
those who do trial-run the big meal admit that it takes on average three attempts to get it spot on , costing them # 31.56 in ingredients .
so it is no wonder that nearly a third -lrb- 29 .
per cent -rrb- go as far as buying a supermarket prepared dish and passing it .
off as their own .
almost half -lrb- 40 per cent -rrb- of those surveyed admit if it 's the first time they 've had to follow a particular recipe , they 'll choose to rehearse it ahead of time , while a fifth admit their cooking skills are n't up to scratch so thought it best to rehearse the dish just in case .
a fifth -lrb- 21 per cent -rrb- of christmas cooks cited the gravy as the dish they struggled to get right the most , narrowly beating perfect roasties -lrb- 18 per cent -rrb- and the king of the festive table -- the turkey -lrb- 17 percent -rrb- .
the pressure of delivering the perfect christmas for families and friends , including an unforgettable culinary experience , has led to a number of trial runs and weeks of meticulous planning before the big day .
in fact a third -lrb- 31 per cent -rrb- admit they start planning the christmas meal at least a month before it 's served .
with 40 per cent describing the experience of cooking a christmas lunch as ` challenging ' , .
the survey amongst 2,000 adults exposes the lengths brits go to , to ensure the perfect ` ta-dah ' moment .
neil nugent , from morrisons who conducted the survey , said , ` christmas is a time of the year when the whole family comes together