by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
17:16 est , 23 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
18:23 est , 23 september 2013 .
accused : banker ed sappin outside blackfriars crown court on monday .
an investment banker sexually assaulted a fellow wedding guest after she fell asleep , a court heard yesterday .
ed sappin , 39 , allegedly targeted the woman at a party at the bride 's flat after the ceremony .
when she woke up to find him kissing her intimately , she screamed so loudly that neighbours called police , jurors were told .
sappin , a married father-of-one , made his name as a finance expert after working for several leading us companies .
the self-described ` innovation junkie ' , a former director at bp , is now chief executive of the willowbrook company , which focuses on renewable energy .
blackfriars crown court in central london heard his alleged victim travelled from the united states for a friend 's wedding in hampstead , north london , last october .
prosecutor peter nugent said : ` at the end of the reception , towards midnight , a few of the guests discussed where to go next .
the bride suggested that because she and her husband would be staying in a hotel that night , they take the keys to her flat .
` they arrived at around midnight .
the group stayed mainly in the living room , chatting , drinking and listening to music .
` we say she -lsb- the victim -rsb- was extremely tired .
she had flown into london from san francisco .
mr sappin lifted her up from the sofa and ushered her into the bedroom .
` her next recollection is of lying on her side in the bed with mr sappin lying behind her .
' the alleged victim then felt him pressing against her bottom while he touched her legs and kissed her neck .
mr nugent said ` she no longer had her underwear on ' as the defendant then prepared to perform a sex act .
the woman later told police : ` i think what snapped me out of being asleep was ... he started kissing me .
i think that is when i snapped and thought `` oh my god '' .
` i ran