by .
sadie nicholas .
as she lay in bed after having dinner and sharing a bottle of wine at a restaurant with her husband , laura-jane barnell suddenly felt her chest tighten and her heart begin racing wildly .
for the next ten , frightening minutes , she lay in pain , waiting for the palpitations to calm down .
but when they did n't , she staggered across to open the window to get some air , all the while hearing her pulse thumping loudly in her ears .
` i was terrified that i was about to have a heart attack , ' says laura-jane , 38 .
terrifying effects : before she realised she was intolerant to wine laura-jane barnell thought her symptoms were a heart attack .
` i went to see my gp because this was becoming a regular occurrence most saturday nights .
` i did n't have a clue what was causing it but i was scared it was serious .
i even stopped exercising , fearful that i might have an undetected heart problem .
' but she did n't .
in fact the pain and palpitations had a different explanation : laura-jane was experiencing an adverse reaction to the wine she so enjoyed .
her gp explained that while thousands of british women are thought to be affected , few realise the cause of their distress is their favourite tipple because the problem is not widely written or talked about .
yet it 's so common , doctors have even given it a nickname : ` holiday heart syndrome ' .
why ?
because people who rarely drink at home will reach for a glass on holiday and suddenly suffer an unexpected reaction .
in severe cases , it can even cause heart failure .
a lack of research means we do not know why wine can have the effect and there 's no cure , except to give it up .
relieved : laura-jane has n't had a drop of wine since her diagnosis .
the problem is quite distinct from the well-known issues surrounding excessive consumption of alcohol , such as liver damage , reduced fertility , high blood pressure and increased risk of various cancers and heart attack .
for , in this case , rather than many years of heavy drinking leading to problems , even