ryan gauld has been named in sporting lisbon 's champions league squad - less than a month after the portuguese giants moved him to their b team .
the former dundee united playmaker could yet take on jose mourinho 's chelsea after sporting boss marco silva included him in the club 's 25-man group .
that seemed unlikely after the scotland under-21 international was sent to play with their second string following his # 3million summer move from tannadice .
video scroll down to watch ryan gauld scores first goal for sporting lisbon .
opportunity : playmaker ryan gauld , 18 , has been named in sporting lisbon 's champions league squad .
challenge : gauld -lrb- right -rrb- could face schalke , maribor or jose mourinho 's chelsea in the champions league .
but uefa has now confirmed that gauld has been named in the 18-time portuguese champions ' squad for the tournament , with the teenager handed the number 27 shirt .
as well as barclays premier league leaders chelsea , sporting are also due to take on germany 's schalke and slovenian 's maribor - who knocked out scottish champions celtic in the qualifiers - in group g. sporting announced last month that the 18-year-old would drop down to their b team but gauld insists the move will only help him develop .
on target : former dundee united star ryan gauld celebrates with team-mates after his first portugal goal .
the former united youngster - who is due to start for billy stark 's scotland youngsters in slovakia on thursday - told the daily record : ` there 's not really a deadline for me to push for the first team but it 's going to take longer than some people think .
sporting are a champions league club , after all .
' i do n't understand people thinking i was going to go over there and just walk into that team .
it seemed to be the expectation of many .
` however , this was the way i pictured it would be and everything is going the way i expected .
` saying i have been demoted to the b team is false .
that was always the plan , arranged from the start , and the quickest way to help me adapt to portuguese football .
' it 's not too late