by .
ellie zolfagharifard .
published : .
08:09 est , 8 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
12:34 est , 8 january 2014 .
life on mars does n't seem so alien now that a team of scientists have set up a martian camp in a u.s. desert .
a team of experts have recreated life on the red planet by dressing up in space suits and living in isolation on a rocky desert in utah .
the researchers from the mars society live at a simulated base , surviving on food rations , conducting research experiments and showering just once every three days .
mars comes to earth : a team of enthusiastic scientists are dressing in space suits and recreating life on mars - in a red desert on earth .
every time the team of four men and two women leave the mars desert research station they pass through an air lock .
the cramped , two-storey hut is situated 40 miles from hanksville , with the crew sleeping in small , coffin-like beds .
the surrounding area slightly resembles geological and environmental conditions on mars , in that it is hot , windy , largely red , and rocky .
researchers from the mars society live at a simulated martian base , built with the help of space agency nasa .
the crew survive on food rations , conduct research experiments , and shower just once every three days .
a british student was recently shortlisted for the job of repopulating the human race - on mars .
ryan macdonald , 20 , beat more than 200,000 hopefuls to reach the final stages of selection for a one-way mission .
the contest was part of the ` mars one ' project to establish a self-sustaining colony .
it would see four people - two men and two women - take a five year flight into space .
mr macdonald is now on the shortlist to join the first programme on mars - which is 57 million miles away from earth .
the mars one project was founded by dutch entrepreneurs bas lansdorp and arno wielders , and aims to establish a permanent base on the planet by 2025 .
an initial appeal for volunteers last year gathered more than 200,000 responses .
contact with the outside world is strictly limited , with a