manchester city have tabled an opening bid of around # 17million for roma 's unsettled centre-back mehdi benatia , according to reports in italy .
the 27-year-old morocco international is one of two alternatives city have lined up if they decide against pursuing first-choice target eliaquim mangala from fc porto .
and it appears the deal has progressed in the past 48 hours with reports that the premier league champions have discussed personal terms with benatia before making an initial approach to his club .
head boy : manchester city have reportedly tabled a bid for roma defender mehdi benatia -lrb- centre -rrb- .
earlier this week the player hit out at roma 's pay increase offer of # 2.5m-a-year , with sources claiming that it is # 1m-a-year less than he has been promised at city .
benatia has accused the italians of reneging on an agreement made when he signed from udinese for # 10.5 m last summer that guaranteed him a significant pay rise if roma qualified for the champions league .
barcelona and bayern munich have also been linked with benatia who has refused to rule out a move despite having four years left on his current deal .
first choice : eliaquim mangala is also on manchester city 's wanted list .
` roma have not kept their promises , ' he .
said earlier this week .
` they had told me that they would make me a new .
contract offer if i had a great season .
` but i have received an unacceptable proposal , less than $ 3m-per-season .
i replied that i would not sign it .
` i 'm in love with rome , i 'm fine here but my mistake was to be too correct with the club and too honest .
undecided : benatia has said he could leave roma .
` i never said that i wanted to leave .
i only said that anyone dreams of teams like real , bayern and city .
` my agent is doing his job , i could leave but i could also stay and finish my career in roma .
but i was disappointed with roma -- i deserved more respect .
' with city restricted by a # 49m net transfer spend this summer as a result of breaching financial fair play regulations , benatia represents