by .
james chapman .
published : .
18:52 est , 16 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
02:43 est , 17 june 2013 .
david cameron will today try to launch talks on a free trade deal between europe and the us that could be worth # 380 a year for every british household .
the prime minister wants to use this week 's g8 summit in northern ireland to launch formal negotiations on an agreement that could be worth up to # 10billion to the uk and # 85billion worldwide .
he will argue that a free trade deal -- similar to that which operates inside the eu -- would ` turbo-charge the transatlantic economy ' .
scroll down for video .
prime minister david cameron arrives at belfast international airport to attend the enniskillen g8 summit where he wants to launch formal negotiations on an agreement with the u.s. ` these trade deals matter , because they mean more jobs , more choice for consumers and lower prices , ' he said .
trade , tax and transparency were three vital drivers of growth that could produce ` transformative results ' , he said .
mr cameron said he wanted ' a meeting where we can look each other in the eye ' to solve the problems .
but the most important issue is how to promote economic recovery , with action needed to boost growth , create jobs and reduce poverty , he added .
` let 's be clear , we still need to deal with fiscal deficits , ' he said .
` each country needs to press on with sorting out its public finances .
each country needs active monetary policy to kickstart the affordable loans and mortgages that businesses and families need .
` and each country needs to deal with the problem of youth unemployment by pursuing the structural reforms and flexible labour markets that are vital for competitiveness and jobs .
' special relationship : u.s. president barack obama -lrb- right -rrb- and david cameron in march last year .
france has urged for any trade agreement to include special protections for its film and tv industries against u.s. imports .
there is also uncertainty over another of the prime minister 's g8 priorities -- an international deal to crack down on tax havens .
another key aim