by .
simon walters .
updated : .
06:32 est , 29 january 2012 .
the ban on smacking children must be overturned to help prevent a repeat of last summer 's riots , according to a senior labour mp .
former education minister david lammy , who represents the tottenham area of north london where the disturbances started , says working-class parents need to be able to discipline their children physically to deter them from joining gangs and getting involved in knife crime .
calling for a return to the victorian laws on discipline , mr lammy said parents were ` no longer sovereign in their own homes ' and lived under constant fear that social workers would take away their children if they chastised them .
aftermath : david lammy inspects riot damage in tottenham last summer .
he wants the ban on smacking children overturned to help prevent a repeat of the mass disturbances .
the mp said it was easier for middle-class parents to control their children as they could afford to pay for private schools , which have tougher discipline than state schools , as well as activities such as tennis lessons .
mr lammy , 39 , said he was smacked as a child and it taught him self-discipline and respect , adding that he had smacked his own sons , aged three and five -- mainly to protect them from danger .
he called for a reversal of labour 's 2004 decision to tighten up the smacking law .
previously parents could use ` reasonable chastisement ' , while the new definition prohibits any force that causes ` reddening of the skin ' .
mr lammy poured scorn on that description , saying it was irrelevant to black children .
he said : ` many of my constituents .
came up to me after the riots and blamed the labour government , saying , .
`` you guys stopped us being able to smack our children .
'' ` when .
this was first raised with me i was pretty disparaging .
but i started .
to listen .
these parents are scared to smack their children and paranoid .
that social workers will get involved and take their children away .
discipline : david lammy , pictured with his wife nicola green , admits he has smacked his own children .
`