it is not the obscene prospect of the # 500,000-a-week player which most blatantly exposes the moral bankruptcy of big-time football in this country .
it is the reluctance of all but one of the premier league clubs to pay all the rest of their staff a living wage .
even as he was announcing the sale of three seasons of british television rights for premier league matches for more than # 5billion , chief executive richard scudamore brazenly defended the right of his clubs to pay lesser workers # 6.50 an hour .
radamel falcao is on an eye-watering # 285,000 a week during his loan spell at manchester united .
with the new tv deal , players at the level of sergio aguero could be on # 500,000 a week by 2020 .
no he is ` not uncomfortable ' with the clubs he is enriching beyond croesus keeping some employees on that bare legal minimum rather than the uk living wage of # 7.85 an hour , rising to # 9.15 in london .
nor , by inference , does scudamore regard it as a ` disgrace ' that so many cleaners of dressing rooms , sweepers of terraces and pourers of tea earn # 284,772.50 less for a 35-hour week than the # 285,000 which is the reported salary of radamel falcao for making intermittent appearances with manchester united .
once this new tv deal is boosted above # 8bn by the placement of overseas broadcasting rights , senor falcao 's wage packet is expected to be eclipsed by the first half-a-million-pounds-a-week ball-kickers .
even though that may appear grotesque in relation to the ordinary ability and average achievements of the premier league 's over-rated celebrities , good luck to them .
premier league chief executive richard scudamore at the announcement of the bumper package this week .
but not at the impoverishing expense of those who clear up after them .
chelsea take a great deal of flak these days -- not least their manager jose mourinho -- but in this issue they are setting an example which should embarrass their 19 premier league rivals .
chelsea alone have contracted to meet , at least , the basic demand of the living wage foundation .
while manchester city have agreed to pay the living wage to staff they employ directly , though not contract workers