the trend for sheer skirts over full briefs continues to dominate the red carpet as alex burke and tulisa showed at last night 's mobos .
the look can be elegant and requires a pair of bridget jones knickers , a lace or mesh skirt , and ultra-toned upper thighs .
it 's certainly not for wallflowers .
former vogue editor carine roitfeld , who is in her seventh decade , rocked sheer at the launch of her cr fashion book issue n. 5 last month .
alex burke in a sheer lace dress -lrb- l -rrb- and tulisa in a sheer fishtail skirt from pinghe -lrb- r -rrb- at the mobos last night .
carine restoin-roitfeld , 60 , rocking sheer at the launch of her cr fashion book issue n. 5 last month .
at the grand age of 60 the style guru pulled off flashing a generous amount of leg , showing that the trend can work for any age as long as you keeps yourself in good shape .
most of the a-list guests followed her lead and bared their bottoms beneath evening couture at the party a couple of weeks ago at the peninsula paris .
they included cara delevingne , miranda kerr and model chiara ferragni - who wore a brave barely-there dress over bra and pants .
ellie goulding has worn the look in it 's simplest , classic form - plain black underwear beneath a thick lace dress .
ellie goulding wears the look in it 's simplest , classic form - plain black underwear beneath a thick lace dress .
chiara ferragni wears a brave barely-there dress over bra and pants -lrb- l -rrb- as kim k does all out in a super bold see-through armour style skirt with demi-cup bra in black pvc at the fhm men of the year awards -lrb- r -rrb- .
kim kardashian shows off her figure in all its glory after shedding 50lbs of post pregnancy weight .
hanneli mustaparta looking oh so parisian at the christian dior show in paris a few weeks ago .
miranda kerr and kim kardashian went for different takes on the trend , with the former flaunting a deconstricted slip style , and the latter a super bold see-through armour skirt with demi-cup pvc bra .
julianne hough managed to make the knicker-flashing trend beautiful and elegant in a