by .
damien gayle .
published : .
11:20 est , 21 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:59 est , 22 march 2013 .
british phone fans eagerly awaiting samsung 's eight-core galaxy s4 will be disappointed after it emerged the uk version will ship with a downgraded processor .
the latest version of the south korean company 's flagship smartphone will arrive on these shores with a only quad-core qualcomm snapdragon 600 cpu , the samsung has admitted .
other markets will benefit from an 1.6 ghz exynos 5 octa-core processor , which is the thought to be the most powerful chip yet squeezed into a mobile phone .
crippled : the galaxy s4 seen at the unveiling event in new york .
it is emerged that the uk version of samsung 's flagship phone will ship with a four-core chip , rather than the eight-core chip expected .
samsung had previously said the s4 's chip would vary between markets , but it was understood the uk would be one of those where the eight-core processor would be available .
a samsung spokesman told trusted reviews : ` samsung galaxy s 4 is equipped with a 1.9 ghz quad-core ap or a 1.6 ghz octa-core ap .
the selection of ap varies by markets .
' the spokesman added that ` in the uk the galaxy s4 will be available as a 4g device with a 1.9 ghz quad core processor .
' it is as yet unclear why samsung has chosen to downgrade the processor for british consumers , although 3g speculated that it could be because the exynos 5 is incompatible with 4g networks .
other markets where the s4 is expected to ship with the qualcomm chip include the u.s. , canada and sweden .
pride : jk shin , samsung 's president and head of it and mobile communications , shows off the galaxy s4 in each of its two colours .
however , while some samsung fans will be disappointed with the firm 's decision , speed benchmark tests have shown that even with the snapdragon chip the s4 will be twice as fast as the iphone 5 , techdigest reported .
the main concern expressed so far over the drop to four cores is that the downgraded phone is likely to have less battery life than its eight core