a man is on an international quest to track down a couple after he stumbled across a long lost memory card with 1600 romantic happy snaps from their australian honeymoon .
richard pussell , who manages sydney aquarium , was carrying out a routine check of lost property on tuesday when he found the camera card .
the photos were taken in 2012 and document the mystery couple 's entire trip around australia from kakadu and ayres rock to melbourne and sydney .
sydney man richard pussell found the camera memory card packed with photos from around australia and tracked them down on facebook .
mrs benetti said she was initially mad at her husband for losing the pictures .
` we were doing an inventory of lost property and as usual there are lots of cameras .
i found a box full so i took everything out and underneath there was a lonely sd card , ' mr pussell told mailonline .
` it had been there for a while so i took it home with the intent of reformatting it so i could use it in my camera .
' do you recognise this couple ?
let us know who they are by emailing editorial@dailymailonline.co.uk .
mr pussell said he was shocked to find hundreds of romantic photos of a couple in front of australia 's most famous landmarks .
` the first photo is of her showing off her wedding ring .
the last photo is in -lrb- sydney 's -rrb- darling harbour .
they 're classic honeymoon photos and they 've been everywhere , ' he said .
' i could n't bring myself to delete them .
' the photos mr pussell found document mr and mrs benetti 's entire trip around australia , like this shot from kata tjuta in the northern territory .
mrs benetti was completely surprised and overwhelmed that she was reunited with the photos .
the only information mr pussell has to go off is a photo of a welcome card in a hotel congratulating the ` benetti 's ' on their recent marriage .
he also suspects the couple are from italy because a number of photos capture signs and plaques written in italian .
mr pussell posted a photo of the pair on facebook on tuesday to try and track them down in a bid to return the