these furry fashionistas give new meaning to the term ` doggy bag ' as they model the latest in canine couture .
the fashion line , which includes bags and harnesses , is the work of miami-based model-turned-designer kiki hamann .
kiki started the range after looking for a bag for her chihuahua - and failing to find anything sufficiently stylish or fashionable .
the fashion line , including bags -lrb- above -rrb- harnesses and dresses , is the work of designer kiki hamann .
the fancy harnesses can either be draped around the front or back depending on your pooch 's preferred view .
the brazilian-born designer has engineered the bag to create a seat-like insert for the dog .
the designs also feature cushioning and insulation to ensure that the pampered pups remain warm and comfy at all times .
` the dogs love it because they get carried around pretty much like the same feeling you would get when laying in a hammock , ' kiki says .
` they love the gravity of being held by the fabric , ' she adds .
according to the designer , each item begins with ' a personal vision ' and is then sketched and handcrafted ` to bring the dream to life ' .
the dog dresses are attached like capes and feature ruffles and embellished fabrics - with matching bows .
left : a bag in leather and fur ; right : the designer kiki hamann modelling one of her own creations .
the custom-made pieces , which kiki sells under the label canine couture for up to $ 1,600 -lrb- # 1,000 -rrb- , have been a major hit with dog lovers across the pond - not to mention the dogs themselves .
the designer has also created stylish harnesses so that pet owners can schlep their furry friends around in style .
the fancy harnesses can either be draped around the front or back depending on your pooch 's preferred view .
and not to leave the little pups feeling under dressed when they emerge from their perch , kiki has designed some fabulous dresses for them too .
the custom-made canine couture pieces have been a major hit with pet lovers across the pond .
the designer says of the bags : ` the dogs love it because they get carried around pretty much