by .
rob preece .
published : .
04:06 est , 11 august 2012 .
| .
updated : .
06:57 est , 15 august 2012 .
pulling out : derbyshire police authority 's vice-chairman , alan charles , withdrew from the police commissioner elections because of a minor offence he committed 47 years ago .
a senior councillor has pulled out of the race to become a police commissioner because of an offence he committed 47 years ago as a 14-year-old - the second candidate in a week to withdraw from the elections .
alan charles , the vice-chairman of derbyshire police authority , had intended to stand as a labour candidate but withdrew after revealing he was given a conditional discharge for a minor non-violent crime in 1965 .
his case echoes that of bob ashford , who quit as the labour candidate in avon and somerset on tuesday over a # 5 fine he was given for two minor offences committed 46 years ago when he was just 13 .
mr ashford has described as ` absolutely ridiculous ' rules which bar candidates from standing if they have been convicted as a juvenile of something that would carry a prison sentence if committed by an adult .
mr charles did not disclose the nature of his previous offence , which had not been revealed by a criminal records check .
he said : ' i have taken the difficult decision to stand down as the labour party candidate for police and crime commissioner for derbyshire .
` the labour party has only now received clarification from the home office and the electoral commission that juvenile convictions for imprisonable offences will bar people from becoming a police and crime commissioner .
' mr charles added : ` despite serving as vice-chair of derbyshire police authority , i have received confirmation that a minor criminal offence i committed around 47 years ago , for which i was given a year 's conditional discharge , has barred me from standing .
` ridiculous ' : mr charles 's case echoes that of former avon and somerset candidate bob ashford , pictured holding a photograph of himself aged 13 , who pulled out of the race over a # 5 fine he was given in 1966 .
mr charles 's withdrawal is a further .
policy setback for home secretary theresa