pro-russian rebels have shot down a helicopter from the skies above slaviansk in eastern ukraine with nine people thought to have been killed in the single burst of violence .
the ukrainian helicopter was carrying military cargo when it was brought down by the rebel fire .
only days ago did new ukrainian president petro poroshenko initiate his ceasefire for the region in an attempt to quell the violence which has been plaguing the region for months .
scroll down for video .
putin , right , spent today discussing the conflict with his austrian counterpart heinz fischer , left , in vienna .
ukrainian government forces spokesman .
vladyslav seleznyov confirmed the helictoper had been shot down , .
stating : ` there was a three-man crew , in all , nine people -lrb- on board -rrb- .
' the violence comes just as russian president vladimir .
putin staged an extraordinary retreat in seeking the withdrawal of a .
resolution by the russian parliament allowing him to send russian troops .
into ukraine .
his climbdown appeared to be a victory for the west 's threat of brutal new sanctions unless he backed peace moves in ukraine .
russian .
senators granted mr putin the right to send the army into ukraine on march 1 , but yesterday he called for the removal of this threat against .
his neighbouring state .
while the west remained wary , the kremlin claimed putin was committed to ` normalising the atmosphere and resolving the situation in the eastern regions of ukraine ' .
however , the russian strongman is adamant that the ukrainian government must hold direct talks with separatist leaders which kiev has labelled ` terrorists ' .
and he retains 65,000 troops on active combat alert in central russia .
mr poroshenko dubbed mr putin 's surprise move his ` first practical step ' in support of the peace plan to end the worst east-west conflict since the end of the cold war in which at least 375 have perished .
until now , the west saw mr putin as pouring fuel on crisis in a bid to destabilise ukraine because its new government was looking towards europe rather than russia .
there were genuine fears he could invade eastern ukraine .
the us and eu had threatened mr putin with sanctions that would damage entire sectors of