by .
tom gardner .
only ghostly reminders now remain where once there would have been rows upon rows of sick patients .
new photographs have emerged of the long-abandoned st gerard 's hospital in warwickshire which for decades treated thousands of children struck down with potentially deadly tb .
the site was closed in 1988 and has remained an eerie time warp to a period when the lethal bacterial infection that was spread by coughs and sneezes was endemic in britain .
scroll down for video .
decay : a ward in st. gerard 's hospital in north warwickshire , which was set up to treat tb , lies eerily silent having been abandoned in 1988 .
haunting : look past the flaking paint and crumbling ceilings and the building which was once st. gerard 's hospital in north warwickshire still bears the unmistakable signs of its previous use as a medical centre .
hospital beds still litter the wards .
bloodstained syringes , old bathtubs , discarded photographs and keepsakes from former patients now gather dust .
a catholic priest helped establish what eventually became st gerard 's hospital at the beginning of the 19th century to treat local orphans and destitute children .
the facility soon became one of the centres treating tb - playing a part in helping to cut the number of cases from 50,000 a year in britain in the 1950s , to 5,000 in the 1980s .
abandoned : an old wheelchair , left , and a bath tub , right , gather dust in the once bustling st gerard 's hospital in north warwickshire which once used to treat the local children and disadvantaged people for a host of ailments including the bacteria infection tb which was endemic in britain for much of the previous century .
frozen in time : syringes and an old photograph lie discarded on one of the old hospital beds left inside the abandoned st. gerard 's hospital in north warwickshire .
treatment : a patient 's x-ray left inside the abandoned hospital hints at a past when this facility would have been a hive of activity caring for hundreds of patients .
tb used to be known as consumption because the bacterium ate holes in the lungs .
from 50,000 cases a year in britain in the 1950s , the rate fell to 5,000 in the