they may be two of the world 's most famous sisters but princesses beatrice and eugenie are rarely pictured together .
however , the daughters of prince andrew and sarah , duchess of york , put on a united front today as they joined the rest of the royal family at ascot .
princess beatrice , 25 , wore an elegant teal dress by british .
designer suzannah and a hat by top milliner sarah cant and 25-year-old princess .
eugenie looked fresh and pretty in a neat beige trench coat and a hat .
by one of her favourite milliners , nerida fraiman .
sister sister : princess 's beatrice and eugenie arrived together on the opening day of royal ascot looking chic , as always .
the royal siblings were last seen together last month , when they joined prince harry 's ex-girlfriend cressida bonas for a night out at exclusive member 's club , annabel 's .
other than that , they usually attend royal engagements separately , perhaps to break up their duties between them .
fashion forward : princess beatrice , 25 , wore an elegant dress by british designer suzannah and a hat by top milliner sarah cant and 25-year-old princess eugenie looked fresh and pretty in a neat beige trench coat and a hat by one of her favourite milliners , nerida fraiman .
here they come !
the pair usually attend royal engagements separately , perhaps to break up their duties , but today they joined forces for a day at the races .
she 's got a winner !
princess beatrice celebrates after a race in the royal box during day 1 of royal ascot .
tense times : princess eugenie watches a race from the royal box in a stylish cream coat .
three cheers for bea !
the princess clearly got lucky as she celebrated in the box behind prince philip .
style sister : princess bea looked resplendent in a teal lace dress with chunky gold jewellery as she joined cousin prince harry , right .
a right royal outing : the sisters were joined by a smart looking prince harry in the royal enclosure .
the duo both spend a lot of time with their respective boyfriends but they appear to share a lot of friends , including their cousin 's ex cressida , as well as