by .
rebecca english .
prince charles said he feared the next generation of pensioners will be ` consigned to an exceptionally miserable future ' prince charles has launched a stinging attack on the pensions industry , accusing it of adopting a short-term approach that risks causing misery for the elderly in the future .
the heir to the throne said he feared the next generation of pensioners would be ` consigned to an exceptionally miserable future ' unless the sector mended its ways .
if it did not , he said , it could become ` unfit for purpose ' .
the prince , who will be old enough to collect his free bus pass next month , made his comments in a pre-recorded speech at the annual conference of the national association of pension funds in manchester .
and yesterday he had pensions experts queueing up to praise him .
many pointed to a report by pensions expert and ex-downing street advisor ros altmann , who earlier this week called for an overhaul of pensions and argued they were ` not fit for 21st-century lives ' .
dr altmann backed charles 's comments , saying : ` pensions are meant to deliver long-term value .
what we do n't want is to get hijacked by the short-term and sell our children 's future away .
' paul green , director of communications for over-50s body saga , said charles was ` absolutely right ' to speak out .
labour mp paul flynn said : ` this is an entirely reasonable point to make , but it is not the role of the head of state to make it -- and he is supposed to be in training to be head of state .
` he has to stay above political controversy and he should think about keeping his mouth bandaged .
` every now and again the prince of .
wales is going to say something right .
some of what he says is right , .
but some of it is eccentric and some of it is barmy .
' aides insist the prince has a right to make his opinions known as part of the monarchy 's role to ` advise , encourage and warn ' .
critics , however , have long warned the .
prince risks riding a coach and horses through the institution