by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
and jason groves .
david cameron is ` watching what he eats ' , downing street confirmed today in the latest evidence of the slimming craze sweeping the cabinet .
with george osborne on the 5:2 diet , michael gove attending an austrian ` fat farm ' and eric pickles ` no chips , no cheese ' strictures , it seems half the government is tightening its belt .
but the suggestion that the prime minister is keeping an eye on his weight appeared to be undermined today , when he was pictured buying cakes at a sale in number 10 .
prime minister david cameron was seen eyeing up the cakes baked by to raise money for sport relief during a reception at downing street .
downing street insisted the pm was watching what he eats , but he appeared tempted by the cakes and biscuits on offer .
four years in power has taken its toll on the waistlines of many members of the cabinet .
a combination of stress , eating on the go and endless receptions with tempting - but high calorie - canapes means it is all too easy to pile on the pounds .
mr cameron , who has fought an on-off battle with his weight , tucked .
into low-fat options on his flight back from a trip to tel aviv last .
week , after number 10 asked for him to be served a selection containing .
no dairy products .
aides insisted he was not following a specific dairy-free diet , but today his official spokesman confirmed the prime minister was trying to curb his carbs .
mr cameron is said to be .
experimenting with alternatives to standard milk , such as almond milk , .
which is low in calories and fat .
at a regular briefing for journalists , the spokesman was asked if the pm puts almond milk on his porridge .
he replied : ` i am tempted to say that i do n't really tuck into these kinds of stories , ' before admitting ` there is one morsel i could offer ' .
he added : ` does the pm keep an eye on what he eats , i 'm sure that 's the case but i do n't think it 's anything too strict