by .
ian drury , home affairs correspondent .
border guards are suing the government because they claim their new uniforms are causing painful skin conditions .
the home office spent # 3million on the navy blue outfits for uk border force workers last year .
but around 250 employees are taking legal action after claiming the material has left them with chemical-style burns , rashes and other ailments .
around 250 uk border force employees are taking legal action after claiming their uniforms have left them with painful skin conditions -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
some have apparently even had to wear silk clothing beneath their uniforms .
and asthma sufferers are also said to have experienced problems .
the employees are bringing personal injury claims thought to run into hundreds of thousands of pounds .
lawyers for the guards -- whose tasks include manning passport control -- say that they have suffered skin irritations because of dyes and other chemicals in the uniforms , which are manufactured in bangladesh .
lucy moreton , general secretary of the isu trade union , which represents 5,000 border force staff , said : ` we have members who now have to wear silk `` burn garments '' beneath their uniforms to keep the material off their skin .
' she added : ` many have suffered a low-grade chemical-type burn .
` people have been prescribed high-powered steroids to try to calm the irritation down and others have been told they will suffer hypo-allergenic sensitivity for the rest of their lives .
` uniforms for the 8,000 staff were produced to a tight timescale .
we believe that these problems arose because it was a rush job .
' ` we have members who now have to wear silk `` burn garments '' beneath their uniforms to keep the material off their skin .
' she said that asthma sufferers had also experienced problems with an ` acrid ' smell emitted from the shirts and cargo-style trousers , which are made of polyester and polycotton materials .
the uniforms were ordered by the government last year .
they finally came into use this march .
instead of pale shirts , the national gatekeepers now wear extremely dark ` border blue ' shirts with epaulettes , trousers , jumpers and the rest all in precisely the same shade .
a home office