a colorado man who was found living illegally in the rafters of a denver restaurant after he tumbled through the ceiling and caused tens of thousands of dollars in damage was sentenced yesterday .
stephen graves , 36 , was discovered living above the yard house restaurant in denver on december 10 when he fell through the ceiling and broke a sprinkler head .
he pleaded guilty to first-degree criminal trespass , a felony , and was sentenced to two years mental health probation .
scroll down for video .
stephen graves pleaded guilty to criminal trespass and was sentenced to two years mental health probation .
view of the yard house restaurant -lrb- front -rrb- and sheraton hotel -lrb- background -rrb- in denver , colorado .
a search of the area graves was occupying revealed numerous bottle caps from alcoholic beverages .
graves was originally charged with burglary and two counts of criminal mischief , the denver post reported .
the probation sentence will run concurrent with two other cases , according to the denver district attorney 's office .
when graves fell through the ceiling and broke the sprinkler , it caused the restaurant and the sheraton hotel next door to flood .
it is believed graves , who was only wearing jeans at the time , fell about 20 feet .
it is believed graves -lrb- above -rrb- , who was only wearing jeans , fell about 20 feet when he tumbled from the ceiling .
when graves fell from the ceiling , he broke a sprinkler head and caused flooding in the restaurant and hotel .
graves was charged with burglary and two counts of criminal mischief after the incident on december 10 .
he became trapped in a wall in the restaurant and had to be cut out with a chainsaw , 7news reported .
james ballinger with the denver police department said : ` there was moaning coming from one of the walls to the right of the front doors .
' a search of the area graves was occupying revealed numerous bottle caps from alcoholic beverages .
it is unclear how long he was living in the restaurant before his ill-fated fall .