jailed for eight years : gary bennison , 24 , of hornchurch , essex , fractured the spine of the infant .
a father who shook his four-month-old son to leave him brain damaged and blamed the tot 's older brother for inflicting the injuries has been jailed for eight years .
gary bennison , 24 , of hornchurch , essex , fractured the spine of the infant - now aged two - and broke three of his ribs after attacking him when he was just three weeks old .
three months later he left the child with multiple bleeds to the brain and cerebral swelling after shaking him in fury , a court heard .
but bennison claimed his other son was responsible for the injuries .
after a trial at snaresbrook crown court in north-east london the father-of-two was convicted of carrying out two separate attacks on his son .
judge joanna korner qc told him : ` the victim of this serious assault was your own son - he was not even four months old .
` you shook him with such violence that the doctor said it must have been repeated cycles of shaking to cause multiple haemorrhages to the brain and cerebral swelling .
` despite overwhelming evidence that all injuries were caused by you , you continued to deny it and persistently blamed your older son - who was only two years old - for the injuries to the brain .
` had you persuaded the jury that he was responsible for those injuries , for the rest of his life he would have to live with the false information that he had injured his younger brother so badly that his life was irreparably changed for the worse ' .
bennison had savagely attacked his son when he was just three weeks old in february last year .
then on may 19 , he deliberately shook the infant while he was looking after his two sons .
the baby started vomiting and had to be taken to hospital , said mark horsley , prosecuting .
doctors then found rib and spinal injuries consistent with heavy blows to the back , the court heard .
` he was left with fractures to the ribs and spine which was only found by doctors after he was examined fully at the hospital ' , judge korner added