by .
ryan gorman .
tragedy : 11-month-old gavin soto was killed after being crushed by his decimated home after a tornado swirled through his neighborhood .
an 11-month-old baby died after a tornado leveled the house he and his family were sheltering in to ride out violent storms ripping through their north carolina neighborhood .
gavin soto became the first confirmed tornado death of the year when he succumbed friday night to injuries resulting from being trapped in the rubble of his home , authorities said .
he survived the initial demolition of the family 's edenton home , but died at a local hospital , sources told nbc news .
the toddler 's mother tried to shield him from harm by covering his body with her 's , but it did not make a difference .
neighbors walking through the terrorscape left behind by the ef2 twister heard the mother crying for help from under the decimated remains of her home and helped pull her to safety , wavy reported .
the baby was alive when taken to the hospital , but died soon after arriving , sources said .
soto 's mother was also hospitalized , but the extent of her injuries is not known .
footage from the scene shows the home was actually lifted up and thrown several feet from the front steps .
the killer tornado was one of two to strike the area friday night as violent storms rage across the southern half of the country .
the damage was so severe that north carolina governor pat mccrory visited the neighborhood and pledged ` whatever available ' funding he could find to help residents rebuild .
terrorscape : soto 's home was thrown several feet off it 's foundation and was left unrecognizable .
`` it breaks my heart , ' he told wavy .
` it broke my heart to see the house .
' ` i understand the mother did everything she could to protect the baby , ' he continued .
` if you saw the house , it just fell on top of the family .
' deadly tornadoes have swirled through several towns leaving behind paths of destruction not yet seen this year .
a total of six people including soto have died as a result of the storms , according to reports .
at least two were