by .
martin robinson .
facing jail : emily fox , 26 , pleaded guilty to four counts of sexual activity with a child while in a position of trust .
a lesbian pe teacher faces jail today after admitting having sex with a 15-year-old student she taught at a # 24,000-a-year private school for girls .
emily fox , 26 , who can be named for the first time , pleaded guilty to four counts of sexual activity with a child while in a position of trust .
she met the girl when she taught her at the royal masonic school for girls in rickmansworth , hertfordshire .
the games teacher taught there for a year .
today , fox of bath , somerset , admitted the charges at st albans crown court .
defence barrister dee connelly asked for the case to be adjourned for a pre-sentence report .
she said the sentencing guidelines starting point for the offences was four years in jail with a range of three to seven years .
judge michael baker qc adjourned sentence until 5 september and granted fox bail .
he said she must now register as a sex offender .
he said bail should continue with the condition that fox does not attend the royal masonic school and has no contact with anyone aged under 16 .
the girl can not be identified , but judge baker lifted a contempt order that had prevented publication of the defendant 's name and the name of the school .
the judge said : ` it is clearly in the public interest to identify the school as well as the defendant .
it is , to my knowledge , by no means a small school .
' i do n't see how the identification of the school leads to the identification of the child .
' the royal .
masonic school for girls takes both day and boarding pupils aged seven .
to 18 , with a pre-school which takes pupils from the age of two .
it was founded in 1788 to educate the daughters of freemasons who were unable to support their families .
its famous buildings have been widely used in films and television including two indiana jones films , in raiders of the lost ark and the last crusade .
the site was used as one of the locations