by .
james daniel .
published : .
14:15 est , 29 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:34 est , 29 june 2013 .
a container holding $ 600 million worth of loose diamonds was left sitting with a gaping hole on the bottom in the same jfk warehouse where thieves stole $ 1.2 million in cash last week .
in both instances , the crates arrived on swiss airlines flights from zurich .
the latest raid has security experts claiming ` swiss security has more holes than its cheese ' .
security detail : crates arriving on swiss airlines from zurich have been the subject of security breaches twice in the space of a week .
up for the taking : on this occasion , $ 600m worth of diamonds were left open in swiss airlines cargo container at jfk airport .
` someone could have put their arm inside the cargo container and taken what was inside , ' a source said .
a new york port authority cop noticed the damaged cargo container on thursday at around 1:35 pm just an hour after the flight landed .
although it was still sealed , the container ` had a gap of several inches on the bottom and parcels were visible inside .
' this time there was up to $ 600 million worth of diamonds that were destined for jewelers in new york .
there 's hole in my box : a hole was found in a swiss cargo container , similar to this one , and the loose diamonds could be seen sitting inside .
flawed security : last week , $ 1.2 million in cash was stolen from the same hangar at jfk as this weekends cargo crate hole was discovered .
swissport international ltd , the zurich-based cargo shipper , moved the container to a ` secure unpacking location ' where officials compared the inventory inside with a shipping manifest .
incredibly , nothing was found to be missing .
the company ships 3.5 million tons of cargo yearly on behalf of some 650 client companies and is active at 180 airports in 37 countries , according to the company 's web site .
last weekend , thieves used a forklift to make a hole in the shipping container and were able to steal bundles of cash .
the robbery was n't