by .
sara smyth .
published : .
10:03 est , 28 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:08 est , 28 april 2013 .
these are the incredible images of a daredevil boldly gliding with a trapeze artist dangling from his parachute .
the professional circus performer and paragliding pilot performed gravity-busting acrobatics over the lake annecy in geneva .
the astonishing act sees fearless trapeze entertainer roxane giliand take to the skies before dropping down 12ft below pilot gill schneider with no shoes or helmet on .
scroll down for video .
flying free : a trapeze artist extends her arms and is suspended in air above a picturesque french lake .
trapeze artist roxanne giliand and paraglider gill schneider soar against a blue sky , creating stunning shapes in the air .
doing the splits on solid ground would be impressive but thrill-seeker giliand does the move with panache 600m in the air .
giliand crouches 12ft below the paraglider with no shoes or helmet on .
she dangled from the parachute while she performed .
she is held on by one safety tie as she swings in the air 600m above ground .
the nail-biting actions were captured by adventure filmmaker adrien who paraglided alongside the pair to have a close up view of the remarkable flight .
and despite having to combat blistery winds and lethal heights , the duo insisted that their moment must be captured perfectly - so demanded the film crew record them doing it again .
outdoor enthusiast adrien , 31 , said : ' i was shooting the video with the trapezist and it was the last sequence to shoot before ending the video .
professional trapeze artist roxane giliand was connected to the apparatus with just one safety tie .
giliand is used to flying through the air as a trapeze artist .
the fearless entertainer extended her arm into the air in one jaw-dropping move .
back down to earth : the pair landed safely after defying gravity in their daring feat in the air .
they were caught on camera by onlookers .
pilot gill schneider , 29 , came up with the idea to have roxane perform with him at a great height .
he teamed up with his father 's circus class to mix juggling , trapeze and other circus arts with paragliding