a crew member of long-running reality tv show ` cops ' has died after getting shot during filming last night .
the as-yet unidentified crew member was holding a microphone during the filming of a gun-fight with an armed robber in omaha , nebraska .
the robber also died in the incident , in which officers fired an estimated 30 shots .
it was later revealed that the suspect , a parolee from kansas , was actually carrying an airsoft rifle which only looks like a firearm .
police are expected to speak more about the deadly incident in a press conference at 2:30 pm .
scroll down for video .
scene of the shoot-out : wendy 's restaurant at the corner of 43rd and dodge street , omaha , nebraska - where a ` cops ' cameraman was shot and an armed robber was killed during a gun-fight last night .
the shoot-out unfolded after police patrol cars responded to a back-up call in relation to a raid taking place at a wendy 's restaurant in omaha , nebraska , just after 9pm .
in an audio of the police radio call posted by @meanstreetsoma on soundcloud , an officer can be heard describing a suspect in a ` black hoodie and a white bandana ' and additional patrol cars are dispatched to the location .
at one point a male voice reports : ` we have one of the ` cops ' guys has been hit by gunfire ; we need a squad here now .
' another male voice then urges ` we need multiple squads , two squads ' .
a short time later , a man says : ` we 've got a ` cops ' cameraman hit , white male , he 's not conscious , he 's slightly breathing .
' speaking about the injured cameraman , deputy police chief david baker said : ` we will have more on his condition , as well as any other details on this tomorrow .
suspect killed : the armed raider , said to be wearing a black hoodie and white bandana was shot in the incident and later pronounced dead by police .
` we have a lot of ground to cover here tonight and officers will continue the investigation throughout the night .
' cops , created by us film and tv director