more than 1,000 mourners came together today to pay their respects to an 18-year-old girl and her grandparents who died side-by-side in the glasgow bin lorry crash three days before christmas .
erin mcquade , her 68-year-old grandfather jack sweeney and his childhood sweetheart lorraine , 69 , were killed when the out-of-control refuse vehicle mounted a pavement and hurtled into pedestrians in the city 's george square .
six people were killed and 10 more were injured in the tragedy .
paying tribute to the three relatives at today 's service , archbishop philip tartaglia told the distraught congregation that the trio had ` died as they lived - together ' .
he added that the the ` random , cruel and meaningless ' incident had piled ` tragedy on tragedy and sadness of sadness ' for the victims ' bereft family .
scroll down for video .
the funerals of an 18-year-old girl and her two grandparents who were killed in the devastating lorry crash in glasgow were held today .
up to 1,000 mourners gathered at st patrick 's rc church in dumbarton to pay their respects to erin mcquade and jack and lorraine sweeney .
pallbearers carry one of the coffins out from the private service after the funerals of erin mcquade , 18 , and her two grandparents , 68 and 69 .
the coffin of 18-year-old erin mcquade is placed into the hearse following the funeral .
the teenager was described as ` family-loving ' miss mcquade 's coffin is carried out of the church .
an order or service for the funerals of the victims -lrb- right -rrb- who were buried together .
paying tribute to the three relatives at today 's service , archbishop philip tartaglia told the distraught congregation that the trio had ` died as they lived - together ' loraine sweeney 's coffin is carried by pallbearers out of the church .
the archbishop said she and her husband had created a close-knit family .
archbishop philip tartaglia told mourners : ' a festive and happy christmas shopping excursion to glasgow had become the worst of nightmares ' he told the congregation how the ` random , cruel and meaningless ' incident had piled ` tragedy on tragedy and sadness of sadness ' on the bereft family .
floral tributes were left outside the church .
miss mcquade 's