two ryanair flight attendants have been hospitalised after turbulence forced a reus to brussels charleroi flight to make an emergency landing at bordeaux airport .
the boeing 737-800 experienced severe turbulence over the pyrenees region and was reported to have landed safely in bordeaux .
local media reports one member of staff was hit by the drinks trolley and suffered a broken ankle , while another was ` propelled ' to the ceiling and suffered a back injury .
a ryanair flight from reus to brussels encountered severe turbulence over the pyrenees that saw two flight attendants suffer injuries -lrb- file photo -rrb- .
both were transported to pellegrin hospital on landing .
flight fr2829 declared emergency at 8.05 pm local time and then landed at bordeaux at 8.28 pm .
the plane had departed reus in spain at 6.30 pm local time .
a ryanair spokesperson told mailonline travel : ` this flight from reus to brussels charleroi diverted to bordeaux after experiencing some air turbulence .
` the aircraft landed normally and medical personnel treated two cabin crew members who had minor injuries .
one air hostess was reported to have broke her ankle , the other suffered back injuries after being ` propelled to the ceiling ' -lrb- file photo -rrb- .
the ryanair flight was said to have been caught in a ` big air pocket ' that caused the plane to be rocked when over the pyrenees .
' a spare aircraft and replacement crew were sent from barcelona to minimise the delay for customers , who were provided with refreshment vouchers in bordeaux .
` ryanair apologised sincerely to all customers affected by this diversion and delay .
' speaking to french news site 20 minutes , a spokesperson for bordeaux mérignac airport said : ` the flight was rocked by large , heavy turbulence as it passed over the pyrenees and there were huge ` bubbles ' and -lsb- the -rsb- hostess was propelled to the ceiling .
' -lsb- it was -rsb- caught in a big air pocket , the plane was badly shaken and two hostesses were injured .
'