scottish club hibernian moved to clarify that they have n't made a bid for convicted rapist ched evans .
the former sheffield united striker is in fact a target for maltese outfit hibernians , who share a similar name to that of alan stubbs ' side .
and they are said to have offered evans a deal for the remainder of the season .
video scroll down to see ched evans declare his determination to clear his name .
ex-sheffield united striker ched evans is without a club after being released from prison in october .
scottish championship side hibernian moved to clarify they had not offered a deal to evans .
the scottish championship side tweeted on friday night : ` just to clarify , we are #hibs of scotland and not #hibernians of malta .
should that ever change we 'll let you all know .
` see you the morn , hfc .
' malta 's hibernians , 15 points clear at the top of the country 's domestic league having dropped just two points in 16 games , are keen , with club vice-president stephen vaughan saying : ` we are looking to secure the services of a top striker and ched fits the bill .
` we 've spoken to his agent and have offered a deal from now until the end of the season .
' hibernians technical director jeffrey farrugia told sky sports news he believed a deal is close .
' i think we are quite close , ' he said .
` we are waiting for his agent to call .
' he added on sky news hd : ` our vice-president has offered the contract until the end of the season to this glorious player to come over to malta and play for our top team .
we are leading the table at the moment .
' asked if he had spoken to evans , farrugia said : ` me personally , no , but mr stephen -lrb- vaughan -rrb- yes , he met him in the uk .
they sat down with his agent so they can speak about a contract .
' evans recently released a video statement claiming his innocence alongside girlfriend natasha massey -lrb- right -rrb- .
while reports that evans might sign with a club in england set off a storm of controversy , farrugia