a council has said it will cancel a .
village hall 's rate subsidy if it hosts a speech by british national .
party leader nick griffin .
mr griffin is due to give a talk at baldslow memorial hall in st leonards , east sussex , today .
but hastings borough council has told .
those who run the hall they will have to repay the # 376 they received .
as a charity in rate relief if the speech goes ahead .
controversial : nick griffin 's planned speech in st leonards is at the centre of a storm between a village hall and its local council .
however the council has been accused of trying to ` blackmail ' the village hall .
hastings borough council leader jeremy birch said the local authority was ` committed to equality of opportunity and to community harmony .
he added : ` we have no intention of providing financial subsidy to those who aim to undermine these principles .
' bnp party spokesman simon darby said : ` it 's quite beyond belief what they are trying to do .
payback : the people who run baldslow village hall -lrb- pictured -rrb- have been told if they do not withdraw the event they will have to repay a rate subsidy .
` they 're basically seeking to tax people .
who do n't agree with the labour party , which is not really the british .
way to do things .
` it 's effectively blackmail , putting a gun to the people that run the hall by giving them a financial penalty if nick is allowed to speak there .
he 's an mep , he 's not some person off the street .
' ` beyond belief ' : simon darby accused the council of trying to blackmail the village hall .
councillor birch said he had been approached by members of the community who were unhappy at mr griffin 's appearance .
he went on : ` we have discretion about providing an element of business rate relief to charities .
` here we have a charity that is providing a platform within its community building to the national leader of a political party committed to challenging these principles .
` if the charity wants to run a community facility for genuine community groups like cubs ,