by .
leslie larson .
published : .
16:21 est , 6 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
02:36 est , 8 april 2013 .
rick warren 's youngest son , matthew , has committed suicide at the age of 27 after a long battle with depression .
the orange county sheriff coroner 's .
office told the mailonline that the estimated time of death was friday .
at 10am and said he died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound .
the evangelical pastor of saddleback church in lake forest , california revealed his son 's death to his church on saturday .
` no words can express the anguished grief we feel right now , ' the pastor told his congregation in a statement , pleading for their prayers as the family mourned .
loss : rick warren 's son matthew committed suicide on friday at the age of 27 , after a long battle with depression .
family : kay and rick warren have two other adult children , amy and joshua .
kay warren is active in her husband 's ministry .
the distraught father revealed in a statement that matthew had struggled with mental illness from a young age , experiencing ` dark holes of depression , and even suicidal thoughts .
' despite countless doctors and medication , ` the torture of mental illness never subsided .
' ` kay and i often marveled at his courage to keep moving in spite of relentless pain .
i 'll never forget how , many years ago , after another approach had failed to give relief , matthew said `` dad , i know i ยน m going to heaven .
why ca n't i just die and end this pain ?
'' but he kept going for another decade , ' the grieving pastor continued .
rick warren is married to kay , who is active in her husband 's ministry , and they have two other adult children , amy and joshua , and five grandchildren .
the pastor remembered his youngest child for his ` brilliant intellect and a gift for sensing who was most in pain or most uncomfortable in a room .
' tragedy : the youngest son of rick warren , the evangelical pastor pictured delivering the invocation at obama 's 2009 inauguration , has committed suicide at the age