liverpool have reportedly expressed interest in marseille central midfielder mario lemina , according to reports in france .
l'equipe claims that brendan rodger 's side has ` enquired ' about the 21-year old gabonese-born french player , although specific details over the potential transfer have been kept to a minimum .
lemina arrived at marseille for 4m euros in 2013 and has a contract with the ligue 1 club until 2018 , meaning the reds would have to pay a sizeable fee to complete a deal for the defensive midfielder who has made a single appearance for france 's under-21s .
marseille defensive midfielder mario lemina -lrb- left -rrb- is reportedly a target for premier league side liverpool .
meanwhile , zinedine zidane has been discussing everything real madrid in an interview with spanish daily as .
the world cup winner and los blancos coach insists that cristiano ronaldo will win more ballon d'or awards than his nemesis lionel messi - after the portuguese picked up a third golden globe last week .
zidane also believes that much maligned striker karim benzema ` always does the right thing for the team ' , but reserved highest praise for spain international midfielder isco , who he claims ` reminds me of myself ' .
zinedine zidane talks real madrid while lionel messi leads cristiano ronaldo in the hat-trick stakes .
the world cup winning legend also says that real madrid playmaker isco reminds him of himself .
mundo deportivo pays homage to ` mister hatrick ' aka messi who netted his 30th treble for barcelona against deportivo la coruna on sunday - reminding readers that the argentinian now leads ronaldo 33-30 if his three international hat-tricks are included .
while marca keeps its real madrid readers content with an interview from coach carlo ancelotti claiming | : ` to coach madrid is the easiest thing in the world ' , there are also reports of chinese magnate wang jianlin increasing his share in atletico madrid to 20 per cent .
the italian press is focused on two stories - firstly , juventus ' attempts to keep star midfielder paul pogba away from the clutches of real madrid .
juventus have a challenge on their hands to keep paul pogba from leaving for real madrid .
silvio berlusconi has critcised ac milan following their 1-0 defeat to lowly atalanta .
the turin