nearly seven in ten people believe the military campaign in afghanistan has not been ` worthwhile ' for britain .
as the last british troops left camp bastion yesterday , a poll suggested the majority of the public are sceptical of the claims of politicians and generals that the 13-year conflict has made both afghanistan and the uk safer from terrorism .
the research , for bbc news , found 68 per cent thought it had not been worthwhile and 42 per cent believed the uk was actually ` less safe ' now than when the war began in 2001 .
scroll down for video .
farewell : wing commander matt radnall hugs brigadier robert thomson , carrying his carefully folded union flag as the very last british chinook helicopter arrives at kandahar from camp bastion .
only 14 per cent of the 1,000 people polled thought the uk was safer as a result of the intervention , and 39 per cent thought there was ` no real difference ' as britain 's military involvement formally came to a close this week and camp bastion was handed over to afghan control .
less than a third were confident that afghanistan could continue to ` protect its citizens without the help of uk forces ' following years of training and investment in the afghan national police and army , while 64 per cent said they were not confident they were up to the challenge .
labour shadow justice minister dan jarvis , a former officer in the parachute regiment who has served in afghanistan , yesterday called for a formal review of britain 's role in afghanistan , after the election , to look at whether the political and military objectives had been achieved , and examine the war on drugs .
time to go home : some of the last british troops head towards the flight line as they prepare to leave camp bastion after handing it over to afghan national army .
coming home : troops from 7 force protection wing , royal air force regiment 15 and 34 squadron , stand in their ` stick ' waiting for the very last flight out of camp bastion .
he said the review would not seek to ` apportion blame or scrutinise individual decisions , but to constructively draw conclusions about what can be learned from this deployment , to