by .
ray massey , transport editor .
published : .
07:11 est , 17 may 2012 .
| .
updated : .
11:32 est , 17 may 2012 .
long summer holidays are cancelled for thousands of vauxhall workers -- but they 're still celebrating a famous victory and massive boost to the uk economy that has left german rivals reeling .
scrapping the ` traditional ' long car industry factory summer shutdowns is a central part of a ` ground-breaking ' new round-the-clock flexibility deal which has secured its future , .
vauxhall 's ellesmere port plant has been handed # 125million investment to build the new astra model from 2015 , with the creation of 700 direct jobs on top of the 2,100 already secured .
driving forward : american bosses at vauxhall 's us parent company general motors judged that british workers are more flexible , competitive and efficient - and less militant - than their counterparts in germany .
there will also be 3,000 more indirect jobs with suppliers thanks to # 1billion of parts business generated by the deal .
the deal led vauxhall 's giant american parent company general motors to choose it to build the next generation astra ahead of a rival german factory judged less efficient , competitive , hard-working or flexible -- and in a country struggling with a deepening euro crisis .
prime minister david cameron hailed it as ` excellent news ' for the factory and for uk manufacturing on the same day it was announced that export-driven uk car production , soared by nearly 10 per cent in april .
business secretary vince cable said it was ` fantastic news ' while vauxhall bosses called it ` a historic day .
' one insider said : ` the german trade unions will go bonkers .
' under the ` unprecedented ` flexibility deal on pay and conditions agreed with a 94 per cent majority by the workforce , the plant will work 51 weeks a year , increase the number of shifts from two to three per day , and have a long-term four year pay agreement to ensure stability .
there is also the option for saturday working and a 40 hour week when demand requires .
the traditional summer shutdown in july and august will be scrapped to allow production to run through .
but