a primary school teacher has been ordered to pay back almost # 14,000 in disability benefits after she was caught boasting about her ` miracle ' recovery on youtube .
kelly hopton , of rugeley , staffordshire , was granted state handouts in october 2008 on the basis she was so restricted by a back injury she needed help brushing her teeth .
the 35-year-old also said she had difficulty bending and stretching , had to be accompanied when outdoors and used crutches to get about .
scroll down for video .
kelly hopton claimed her back injury was so bad she needed crutches to walk and had difficulty stretching .
but a court heard officials from the department of work and pensions -lrb- dwp -rrb- launched an investigation last year after receiving a tip-off .
they found a youtube clip where hopton revealed her life had been transformed by surgery and bragged ' i never thought i 'd walk again but now i 'm walking on sunshine .
' hopton appears smiling at the camera in the seven-minute long video - which was posted on june 2011 by spinal surgeon manoj krishna .
asked how far she can walk after the surgery , she replied : ` as far as you want me to .
' she then goes on to say : ' i went into the hospital in a wheelchair and nine days afterwards i walked out and feel like a new woman .
' investigators also secretly filmed hopton carrying bags of shopping , bending and stretching while on three trips to supermarkets in lichfield , staffordshire .
she was unavailable for comment this evening at her # 100,000 detached home in rugeley , staffs .
burton magistrates court heard the dwp did not dispute that she had a medical complaint or had been previously entitled to benefits .
but the government department said her capabilities had been significantly improved by her ` miraculous ' march 2011 operation .
investigators secretly filmed hopton carrying bags of shopping , bending and stretching in the supermarket .
officials from the department of work and pensions launched an investigation last year after receiving a tip-off .
hopton pleaded not guilty to failing to report a change in circumstances in a fraud that involved pocketing # 13,866.40 of taxpayers cash between june 2011 and november 2013 .
the court was