forty-four pieces of jewelry from the collections of estee lauder and her daughter-in-law evelyn have gone under the hammer for $ 3.9 million .
among the highlights at sotheby 's sale in new york tuesday was a ruby , emerald and diamond cartier tutti frutti bracelet worn by breast cancer research advocate evelyn that sold for $ 2.165 million - more than double its top pre-sale estimate .
and a pair of brown-yellow diamond earclips by van cleef and arpels that beauty billionairess estee owned , went for $ 233,000 - again , exceeding the original valuation .
highlight : among the highlights at sotheby 's sale in new york tuesday was this ruby , emerald and diamond cartier tutti frutti bracelet that sold for $ 2.1 million - more than double its top pre-sale estimate .
tutti frutti : the bracelet seen in its entirety -lrb- left -rrb- and on the arm of the late evelyn lauder in 2011 -lrb- right -rrb- .
proceeds from the sale of 33 jewels from evelyn lauder 's collection will support the breast cancer research foundation , which she founded .
eleven pieces from the collection of estee lauder will benefit the alzheimer 's drug discovery foundation .
estee lauder died in 2004 .
she founded the estee lauder fragrance and skincare products company .
her daughter-in-law evelyn lauder died of ovarian cancer in 2011 .
estee 's son and evelyn 's husband , leonard lauder , 81 , remains chairman of the cosmetics giant .
going , going : these platinum , diamond and colored diamond earclips by van cleef and arpels sold for $ 233,000 -lrb- left -rrb- and a platinum , diamond , sapphire and emerald bracelet dating from around 1925 designed by oscar heyman & brothers -lrb- right -rrb- went for $ 293,000 .
dazzling : a pair of platinum earclips with interchangeable ruby and sapphire pendants by van cleef & arpels were snapped up for $ 269,000 .
and it emerged just last week that the billionaire is set to remarry in january .
mr lauder will marry longtime friend judith glickman , 76 , in sarasota , florida , according to the new york post .
mr lauder had planned to walk down the aisle with brooklyn public library president and ceo linda e. johnson , 55 , in august 2013 , but canceled the wedding just