by .
nicole mowbray .
the bus is gasping and shuddering its way down the potholed street , causing my fellow passengers to tut and grumble .
the irritating ` tssk , tssk , tssk ' tinny drumbeat from someone 's ipod is seeping through the cacophony of yells from school children exchanging insults at the back .
outside the bus , a police siren is wailing .
but what do i care ?
i am cocooned in the land of nod , my head engulfed by a huge sound-proofed cushion that resembles a giant balaclava crossed with an old-fashioned diving helmet , with just my nose and mouth on display .
out there it may be chaos , but in here i am napping in style .
of sorts .
scroll down for video .
napping - in style ?
the ostrich pillow looks like a giant balaclava crossed with an old-fashioned diving helmet .
i 'm wearing an ostrich pillow , the brainchild of key portilla-kawamura and ali ganjavian who set up a design studio after meeting at university in london in the 1990s .
their aim was to create simple solutions to everyday needs .
and where better to start than with the western world 's chronic lack of sleep ?
` power-napping improves productivity by 34 per cent , ' explains ali .
` we spend so much time at work , in front of a screen or in transit , we thought : `` why not create something that helps us disconnect and dream ?
'' ` all you have to do is find a place to nap , slip on the ostrich pillow and away you go .
' whether it 's a noisy bedfellow , restless children , worrying about work or one too many late-night coffees , long-term lack of sleep now afflicts one in three britons .
in fact , last year 's great british sleep survey found that poor slumberers are three times as likely to have trouble concentrating and twice as likely to have relationship problems and suffer low moods as good sleepers .
pillow talk : nicole catches up on some shut-eye while on a bus .
as the type who wakes if there 's a glimmer of light coming through the shutters and whose boyfriend snores like a train , there 's little i would n't do