internationally renowned design duo becky cooper and bridget yorston - aka bec and bridge - unveiled their highly anticipated new swimwear line on the catwalk at mercedes-benz fashion week australia on monday .
following a preview lunch on sunday , attendees at the carriageworks in sydney were treated to a parade of models in skimpy bikinis and one-piece suits .
animal prints and metallics feature heavily in the collection .
scroll down for video .
jungle fever : a model wears a leopard-print bikini with gladiator sandals at bec and bridge show at mercedes-benz fashion week australia .
gold glamazons : the bec and bridge models debuted metallic swimwear and bronzed glows at ss16 showing .
peekaboo : the new swimwear line features plenty of cut-out styles .
hippy highlight : model wears boho beaded crop top , flowing red maxi skirt and gold cuffs and earrings .
dazzling the fashion crowd with a catwalk show only they could do best , bec and bridge 's ss16 collection was filled with glitzy boho glamour - models adorned gold jewellery , flowing dresses and skirts in dark jewel tones including ruby , burnt orange , navy and silver swept the runway floor .
the 120 piece ready-to-wear collection was inspired by seventies model veruschka and the 1970s period in marrakech .
it features both resort wear and sophisticated styles for glamazons with long , flowing maxi skirts and dresses and short midi dresses both structured and unstructured styles with feminine frills thrown in .
tinsel-town : jewel-toned metallic fringe dresses and tin foil metallic dresses both featured in the show .
it 's a wrap : model wears burnt orange silk wrap top and matching skinny leg jeans .
marrakesh models : models wore dark orange , arm cuffs and leather laced heels in a nod to 1970s marrakesh .
fishnets and foil : models wear metallic foil pieces and fishnet overswim .
in what appears to be a nostalgic throwback to the wizard of oz , a silver metallic ` tin-man ' also captured eyes on the runway with a two-piece silver pant suit making an appearance - adding an androgynous look and setting the tone for futuristic metallics debuting in swim .
a highlight of the collection was the aforementioned metallic swim-wear , the one and two piece range stealing the show low-cut sport luxe waist bands and models