kick it out chairman lord ouseley has criticised rio ferdinand for treating the anti-racism organisation as a ` punchbag ' and for what they consider damaging inaccuracies in his autobiography .
in # 2sides , qpr defender ferdinand labels kick it out ` useless ' , accuses it of ` pure lip service ' and of a lack of support during john terry 's trial for racially abusing his young brother anton in 2012 .
but ouseley believes ferdinand 's anger should be directed ` at the real power brokers ' and not kick it out who , he says , supported the family as much as possible .
lord ouseley -lrb- right -rrb- has hit back at rio ferdinand following the defender 's public criticism of kick it out .
john terry was found guilty by the fa of aiming racist abuse towards then qpr defender anton ferdinand .
he told the guardian : ` ferdinand is selling a book of trivia .
meanwhile , the bigger issues remain untouched .
' kick it out also dispute the former england captain 's claims that they refused to attend court with the family -- saying a member of the organisation was present each day .
ferdinand also says his mum janice kicked representatives of the organisation out of the home after they refused to wear t-shirts in court , but kick it out deny there was any meeting or outburst .
` unfortunately we are the punchbag for some people and it 's easy to have a punchbag like us .
we 're a soft target and the easiest target .
` rio should not be attacking the weakest point -- the people who are actually supporting him -- but the people who were not supporting him .
i would have thought the whole of football should have turned up at that court case wanting justice .
anton 's older brother ferdinand partnered john terry at the heart of england 's defence for several years .
kick it out 's slogan is ` tackling racism and discrimination ' .
the organisation was launched in 1993 by the commission for racial equality and the pfa .
according to its website , it ` is primarily a campaigning organisation which enables , facilitates and works with the football authorities , professional clubs , players , fans and communities to tackle all forms