a photograph forgotten for almost 80 years could hold the key to solving the mysterious disappearance of amelia earhart .
the picture , taken immediately before the legendary aviator launched her ill-fated attempt to circumnavigate the globe from miami in june 1937 , shows a distinctive patch of aluminum bolted to the side of her lockheed model 10 electra .
not seen in any other photographs of the plane , the metal plate appears to match a piece of aluminum recovered from a remote pacific island in 1991 - raising the possibility that she perished as a starving castaway having survived a terrifying crash-landing .
scroll down for video .
revelation : this picture shows a metal plate has covered the specially designed navigational window about two thirds of the way down the fuselage .
prominent earhart investigator ric gillespie believes that the photograph proves the metal plate he found 23-years ago on gardner island was from earhart 's plane after it was bolted onto the side as a repair for a smashed window .
indeed , the picture which was recovered from the vaults of the miami herald , is the only one in existence to show the apparent aluminum covering , which gillespie believes was installed after earhart suffered a rough landing .
convinced , gillespie 's forensic analysis of the plate he found in 1991 revealed it was made from the same type of aluminum commonly used in the manufacture of planes made in america in the 1930s .
however , gillespie 's theory was dismissed when it was shown that the rivet patterns on the plate did not match those used on earhart 's plane .
tragic : amelia earhart leans on the propeller on the right wing engine on her airplane .
earhart and her navigator , fred noonan disappeared on a flight over the pacific ocean in july , 1937 , and neither their plane nor their bodies were ever recovered .
comparison : amelia earhart poses on her ` flying laboratory , ' a specially fitted lockheed electra plane , as it nears completion in 1936 .
this was the plane she used for the around-the-world flight the following year that ended with her disappearance - visible on the right hand side is the special navigation window that was covered up as revealed in miami herald photograph .
but now gillespie says that