by .
victoria woollaston .
published : .
12:01 est , 22 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
13:28 est , 22 january 2014 .
for more than two centuries , a dark and sinister secret has laid buried deep within the walls of the ancient bithynian kingdom .
archaeologists excavating the 2,300-year-old remains of the region in modern-day bursa , turkey have uncovered a series of dungeons and tunnels that would have been used to lead prisoners to their death .
inside these dungeons , the researchers also found torture chambers , death pits and even a well covered in what appears to be blood .
archaeologists excavating city walls of the 2,300-year-old region of bithynia in modern-day bursa , turkey , have uncovered a series of dungeons and tunnels .
stock image of bursa walls pictured .
inside these dungeons , the researchers found torture chambers , death pits and even a well covered in what appears to be blood .
bithynia was an ancient kingdom and roman province in the northwest of asia minor between 297 and 274bc .
the dungeons were found during restoration of the zindan .
kapi part of the wall , in the alacahirka region of modern-day bursa .
these dungeons were connected to towers where prisoners would have been kept .
hangmen .
of the time , who were deaf and mute , would have cut off the heads of .
the prisoners and thrown them into the well , while remaining body parts .
were given to the prisoner 's relatives .
the hangmen were also known to have sold the dead bodies back to the families for a price .
the discovery was made by i̇brahim yılmaz , from the uludağ university faculty of science and literature history of art department .
he was part of an excavation team set up as part of a wider project to reveal the old city walls of the region now known as bursa , in the northwest of turkey .
the walls stretch for 3.4 km around the city and the bursa municipality is funding the restoration of the centuries-old foundations .
it was during restoration of the zindan kapi part of the wall , in the alacahirka region , that yilmaz made the gruesome discovery .
the dungeons were found buried beneath the foundations of houses where people were living