david cameron , who was warned he was isolated in his bid to overturn a # 1.7 billion bill demanded by the eu .
david cameron was warned last night he was ` isolated ' in his bid to overturn the # 1.7 billion bill from brussels -- and that the eu was becoming ` exasperated ' with his demands .
the prime minister was told that the issue was simply ` a british problem ' and that the eu would push to levy its own taxes on european citizens if he insists on refusing to pay the # 1.7 billion demanded .
the eu is demanding the payment -- which it wants by december -- because the uk economy has performed better than expected over the past few years .
in contrast , france is receiving a # 790million rebate from the eu as its economy struggles in a vicious downturn .
alexander graf lambsdorff , a senior german mep and a vice-president of the european parliament , said that if mr cameron refused to pay , the commission could levy additional charges as well as withholding the uk 's historic # 3billion-a-year rebate .
and in a further blow to mr cameron , even denmark 's prime minister - seen as a supporter of his eu modernisation programmes - poured cold water on britain 's hopes of reducing its cash demand .
helle thorning-schmidt , who is married to lord kinnock 's son stephen , said : ` i respect that the uk wants to discuss this among ministers , but there are rules that must be kept .
` countries must follow the rules as they are .
' there were growing questions for george osborne 's treasury yesterday after the eu revealed the department knew about the # 1.7 billion demand almost a week before mr cameron was told .
junior treasury minister david gauke was told on 14 october that britain would have to make a significant contribution , although no sum was discussed .
three day later , uk officials were informed by the eu that the figure would be # 1.7 billion .
however , mr osborne was not told until last tuesday - and mr cameron did not find out until thursday , as he was being driven to a brussels summit .
danish prime minister helle thorning-schmidt , who has poured