by .
jamie redknapp .
could free terry be a city slicker ?
hard as it is to believe , when john terry walks out at anfield on sunday , he may only have three more league games remaining in a chelsea shirt .
terry , 33 , can leave on a free transfer at the end of the season and chelsea have only offered him a one-year deal , in line with club policy for senior players .
perhaps they take him for granted and expect him to stay , regardless of the reduction in terms .
he has enjoyed one of the best seasons of his career , so these tactics by chelsea are a dangerous game of risk .
video scroll down for holland : chelsea want john terry to stay and he wants to stay .
free agent : john terry is yet to sign a new contract at chelsea for next season .
battle : terry challenges sunderland striker jozy altidore at stamford bridge .
i wonder if manchester city would consider a daring raid .
if they could pull it off , they get to weaken one of their rivals and they end up with terry and vincent kompany in a mighty partnership .
it would take a minimum two-year contract to drag terry from stamford bridge , where you can imagine he would ideally like to finish his career as a one-club player .
i ca n't see him leaving , but i can see city -- who have tried to sign him before -- enjoying the mischief .
terry in another club 's shirt seems unimaginable ... or does it ?
jose 's protest line-up .
on the matter of chelsea , i wonder what team jose mourinho will take to anfield on sunday ?
he wanted the game to be played on a saturday , but the premier league said no .
the game is sandwiched between the two legs of the champions league semi-final and with chelsea five points adrift after losing to sunderland , maybe he will prioritise europe .
that will hardly bring cheer to manchester city .
unhappy : jose mourinho wanted chelsea 's game at liverpool to be played on a saturday .
wonder of wickham .
connor wickham has to be the player of the week , with three goals in matches against barclays premier