by .
hayley peterson .
published : .
06:58 est , 13 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:00 est , 14 march 2013 .
suspect : police say kurt myers , 64 , fatally shot four people yesterday .
a suspect accused of fatally shooting four people and injuring two more in upstate new york on wednesday was killed after a 19-hour standoff with law enforcement .
officers stormed the abandoned bar in downtown herkimer where the suspect , 64-year-old kurt myers , was holed up after myers opened fire on a canine unit , killing an fbi dog , around 8 a.m. on thursday .
` this morning , law enforcement officials entered the building and , after being fired upon , shot and killed the suspect , kurt myers , ' new york gov. andrew cuomo said in a statement thursday .
` there were no injuries to local law enforcement officials , though an fbi police dog was fatally shot .
' myers ' killing rampage had started early wednesday after he allegedly ignited a fire in his apartment in the nearby village of mohawk , which is about 80 miles northeast of albany .
myers then drove to john 's barber shop around the corner and used a shotgun to kill two customers , who were identified as harry montgomery , 68 , and michael ransear , 57 , a retired corrections officer .
the shop 's owner , john seymour , and another customer , dan haslauer , were listed in critical condition at a utica hospital .
police superintendent joseph d'amico said the gunman then drove to .
gaffy 's fast lube in nearby herkimer and used the shotgun to kill thomas .
stefka , an employee , and michael renshaw , a customer who was a 23-year .
veteran of the state department of corrections .
scroll down for video .
victims : a memorial sits on a vehicle outside john 's barber shop , where two customers were killed .
violence : a broken window is seen at gaffey 's fast lube and car wash , where two people were killed .
hiding out : myers was holed up inside this abandoned building wednesday after his shooting spree .
police stormed the building and killed him early thursday .
john seymour , the barber shop owner , told his