by .
dan bloom .
guilty : fatimah ahmed , pictured at manchester 's minshull street crown court , has quit her job .
a maths teacher has avoided jail for hiding # 7,000 of her husband 's drug money in her bank account .
fatimah ahmed , 30 , was arrested after police found cocaine and cannabis worth up to # 6,000 in a raid on the home she shared with mohazzam ali in stockport , greater manchester .
the scandal cost her her job at poynton high school , cheshire .
police raided the house in november 2011 after they learned ali - who has admitted five drugs offences - was dealing class a drugs while running a car wash .
officers seized large quantities of snap bags , digital scales , .
grinders and about # 600 in cash .
ali 's then-girlfriend ahmed , who has since married and had a child with him , was initially charged with drug dealing and suspended from her job at poynton high school .
she then resigned in december last year during a disciplinary hearing .
it emerged ahmed had been teaching .
despite being convicted of three thefts , for which she received a conditional discharge in 2003 .
but prosecutors dropped charges of drug dealing against her after accepting her guilty plea to laundering # 7,000 .
ahmed was given 18 weeks ' jail suspended for two years - after a judge told her to ` go back ' and look after her and ali 's baby daughter .
prosecutor saul brody told manchester 's minshull street crown court : ` the address was a property owned by this defendant and her then boyfriend and now husband .
` there was a strong smell of cannabis when they attended .
it is fair to say that the usual paraphernalia was discovered in various locations around the house - two bedrooms and the living room .
` there were also a variety of controlled drugs of various classes .
there was cannabis , cocaine and ecstasy-type substances .
the total value of the drugs was about # 4-6 ,000 .
` at that stage both were arrested and charged with drug matters .
the evidence on drugs matters in relation to this defendant was not compelling but evidence relating to the financial aspect is as her bank account