by .
francesca infante .
published : .
13:29 est , 14 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:46 est , 14 november 2013 .
a strain of bird flu that scientists thought could not infect people has been discovered in a taiwanese woman .
the news has sparked fears that such strains could ignite a new global outbreak if scientists do n't do more to spot them early on .
the woman , 20 , was hospitalized in may with a lung infection but was released after being treated with tamiflu and antibiotics .
prevention : a worker injects a chicken with vaccine at a hennery in huai'an , east china 's jiangsu province in attempt to stop bird flu spreading amongst the animals .
one of her throat swabs was sent to the taiwan centres for disease control and experts there have identified as the h6n1 bird flu , which has been widely circulating in chickens on the island .
the patient , who was not identified , worked in a deli and had no known connection to live birdsaccording to research published online today in the journal lancet respiratory medicine .
investigators could n't explain how she was infected but they noted several of her close family and friends also developed flu-like symptoms after spending time with her , though none tested positive for h6n1 .
since the h5n1 bird flu strain first broke out in southern china in 1996 , public health officials have been nervously monitoring its progress - so far it has killed more than 600 people , mostly in asia .
worried : chinese authorities have been looking at ways to cope with outbreaks of bird fly since it was first discovered in 1996 , here a chinese worker sprays disinfectant in a chicken coop in nanjing in east china 's jiangsu province .
several other bird flu strains , including h7n9 , which was first identified in china in april , have also caused concern but none has so far mutated into a form which can to spread easily among people .
marion koopmans , a virologist at the national institute for public health and the environment in the netherlands a commentary accompanying the new report .
she wrote : ` the question again is what would it take for these viruses to evolve into a pandemic strain ?
'