by .
wills robinson .
published : .
15:26 est , 2 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:45 est , 2 november 2013 .
prince harry could not help but grin widely this afternoon as he watched england beat their old enemies australia at twickenham .
dressed in a smart suit and red tie , the royal cheered the home side to victory during the first game of the autumn internationals , which saw the national team win 20-13 .
he could be seen frowning at first , as stuart lancaster 's men gave a poor performance in the first half against their southern hemisphere rivals .
try !
prince harry can not help but grin as he watches england beat australia in the first autumn international .
smart : wearing a red tie and suit , he cheers on from the stands as owen farrell 's try seals the victory for the home side .
but his grimace soon turned to smiles as the team , led by captain chris robshaw , dominated the .
second half and came away with the win .
the fourth-in-line to the throne , who is the vice patron of the rugby football union , applauded as tries from fly half owen farrell and .
robshaw set up the victory .
he is a regular at england 's home of rugby , and has often been spotted in the stands with his brother prince william .
before the game , he chatted with guests who had joined him in the royal box and spoke to fans who were sat in front of him .
it is the second time the prince has .
visited twickenham in recent weeks , after his first event as patron of ` all schools ' , the rugby football union 's initiative to get .
state school children into the sport .
on the pitch , farrell endured a mixed afternoon , missing three of his seven attempts from the kicking tee , but he recovered well , producing the match-winning touch down in the 58th minute .
the win means the home side retain third position in the world rankings .
england 's .
2003 world cup-winning squad performed a lap of honour at half-time with the likes of johnny wilkinson and martin johnson celebrating the 10-year anniversary of their triumph .
turnaround :