by .
julian robinson .
a boy of 11 has died after he slipped and fell into a canal as he and classmates tottered across a narrow pipe in a tightrope-style game of dare .
robbie williamson was inching along the disused former water pipe running alongside a bridge when he lost his balance and tumbled into the water .
friends looked on in horror as the youngster hit his head on the canal bank as he fell - knocking himself unconscious .
robbie williamson , 11 , was walking across a narrow pipe when he slipped and fell in to a canal in burnley .
the section of the leeds-liverpool canal in burnley where robbie williamson , 11 , slipped and fell in to the water .
a neighbour alerted by their screams jumped into the leeds-liverpool canal in burnley , lancashire , after seeing him lying face down in the water .
the youngster was pulled out and appeared to recover after being revived at the canalside following cpr .
but his condition deteriorated in the ambulance and he was pronounced dead in royal blackburn hospital .
a post mortem test was due to be carried out to establish how robbie died .
today lancashire police said the incident at 7pm on tuesday was not being treated as suspicious .
his father dean williamson , 36 , a joiner , mother nicola and older brother morgan , 16 , were being comforted .
robbie williamson 's devastated father dean williamson and step-mother claire lay flowers at the scene of the death of the 11-year-old .
he described robbie as robbie ` the best , he was cheeky and smiley he was a lovely lad .
' robbie williamson pictured on a motorbike .
the youngster had been given cpr until the emergency services arrived , but he died after being taken to royal blackburn hospital .
a heartbreaking message written by dean williamson , following the death of his 11-year-old son , robbie .
mr .
williamson arrived at the scene in his car with his current partner .
clare and broke down in tears saying : ` robbie was the best , he was .
cheeky and smiley he was a lovely lad .
' robbie 's .
uncle john williamson , 37 said : ` robbie was a really active lad and .
full of life