formula one needs teams like marussia to survive and thrive , rivals said after the tail-enders moved closer to a return to racing .
while caterham appear destined for the scrap heap , or at least the liquidation of their assets , marussia were named on the official formula one entry list on friday after securing their exit from administration .
' i am so pleased ... i think it 's great to see them back , ' williams technical head pat symonds , who joined his current team after a stint at marussia , told reuters at the final pre-season test .
marussia were named on the official formula one entry list after securing their exit from administration .
will stevens has been confirmed as manor 's first race driver for the upcoming 2015 season .
' -lrb- team principal -rrb- john -lrb- booth -rrb- and -lrb- sporting director -rrb- graeme -lrb- lowdon -rrb- are two great guys , real racers .
i started 35 years ago at toleman and toleman was not as professional as marussia , ' he added .
` but the seed of that team produced benetton and renault and now lotus .
-lrb- designer -rrb- rory byrne , all his wins , my career .
there is such a place for teams like that , they are so important to the sport .
' with caterham 's demise , formula one will have just 10 teams this season with the future of some of the smaller outfits far from secure .
struggling caterham appear destined for the scrap heap , or at least the liquidation of their assets .
marussia , who are entered as manor marussia f1 subject to conditions including their car passing a crash test and complying with the 2015 technical regulations .
` against all the odds it looks like they are going to be in melbourne , which is fantastic , ' symonds said .
force india deputy principal bob fernley , whose privately-owned team vetoed a proposal for marussia to be allowed to race temporarily with their 2014 car , also welcomed their return while defending his earlier stance .
force india deputy principal bob fernley welcomed marussia 's return .
` it was entirely safety related .
why would we allow a technically unsafe chassis to race when everybody else has made them safe ?
' he