by .
ruth styles .
published : .
12:51 est , 12 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:51 est , 12 april 2013 .
once named the most eligible girl in britain by society bible tatler , lady kitty spencer 's bachelorette days appear to be over , after going public with a new romance during a dinner at lord 's .
and the lucky man is n't just any old beau : he 's nick compton , england cricket star , and heir to a dynasty almost as exceptional as kitty 's own .
although this is the first time they have been seen together , the duo have been exchanging flirty twitter messages since last september , with her teasing him for his obsession with his hair and laughingly calling him ` grandad ' - a nod to the seven year age gap between them .
happy couple : kitty spencer and boyfriend nick compton have kept their romance under wraps until now .
public : the pair appeared happy and in love when they appeared at a cricketing awards dinner at lord 's .
the niece of diana , princess of wales , 22-year-old kitty is the eldest daughter of charles , earl spencer , from his first marriage to victoria lockwood .
she numbers princes william and harry among her cousins and is a close friend of prince harry 's former girlfriend , chelsy davy .
compton , meanwhile , is the grandson of denis compton , who played 78 times for england , and landed an fa cup winner 's medal with arsenal in 1950 .
one of england 's top batsmen , compton was named cricketer of the year by the wisden almanac - the cricket equivalent of tatler - this year .
family matters : kitty with her father , earl spencer , and nick compton 's sporting grandfather , denis .
kitty , who was on hand to see him win , gave him a huge hug as he went up to receive the award in recognition of a year in which he was england 's leading run-scorer .
while compton has been concentrating on his sporting career , kitty has been studying for an ma in luxury brand management in london , and travelling back and forth to south africa to visit her mother , who still lives