by .
harriet cooke .
published : .
11:07 est , 16 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
02:29 est , 17 december 2012 .
a post office in the tiny welsh village of bethlehem has been swamped with customers who want to have their christmas cards stamped with its unique postmark .
thousands of visitors from all over the world will be flocking to the village for their christmas mail to be stamped with the festive name .
postmaster mike williams said : ` this is a very busy time for our bethlehem branch .
swamped : bethlehem post office in a tiny village in carmathanshire west wales has been inundated with visitors who want their christmas cards sent with its unique stamp .
left , the coveted bethlehem stamp with the angel and the harp , and right , post office worker pauline bewley , who is coping with thousands of tourist customers .
` people come from all over the uk and abroad to hand deliver their cards to make sure they get the bethlehem handstamp .
` we have had visitors from as far as america , australia and even from the more famous bethlehem .
' the unique stamp shows an angel and a harp , with greetings in english and welsh .
and crucially it carries the name of the biblical city in palestine fabled as the birthplace of jesus .
the post office in the quiet carmarthenshire village is more than 2,500 miles from the ` little town of bethlehem ' featured in the popular christmas carol .
but that has n't stopped customers rushing there - and mail chiefs expect around 30,000 letters to pass through the post office this year .
royal mail director tony fox , said : ` thousands of our customers take advantage of this unique handstamp helping bring festive cheer to those who receive it at christmas .
' visitors : rachel and tom stewart with baby freya were among the thousands to .
visit bethlehem post office so they could send their festive cards with a .
unique stamp .
tourist destination : thousands of people flock to bethlehem every year because of its famous name .
traveller : the prince of wales in 1862 .
photographs and previously unseen diary extracts charting a royal visit to bethlehem 150 years ago are to go