by .
james chapman .
and jason groves .
published : .
19:58 est , 26 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
04:32 est , 27 february 2014 .
plans to tear up the official definition of child poverty will be put on ice today following a government row .
work and pensions secretary iain duncan smith proposed that factors such as family breakdown and debt should be included in a new measure of children 's life chances .
but senior colleagues are understood to have warned that the move would leave the government open to charges of deliberately changing the goalposts in an attempt to mask the alleged impact of its austerity policies .
clash : lib dem sources said plans by iain duncan smith -lrb- left -rrb- to change the definition of child poverty were blocked by george osborne -lrb- right -rrb- amid fears it would lay the government open to claims of ` goalpost-shifting ' lib dem sources insisted they had been prepared to back the plan -- but claimed it had been blocked by chancellor george osborne .
one well-placed source said the reform was now ` on hold ' and there is now unlikely to be any significant changes to measuring child poverty before the next election in 2015 .
the current measure -- 60 per cent of median earnings -- was made law under labour .
the minimum wage will rise to # 6.50 an hour -- below the hike to # 7 suggested by the chancellor -- it emerged yesterday .
the low pay commission instead recommended a 3 per cent increase , up 19p on the current rate of # 6.31 , from october .
the independent advisory group held out the prospect of further above-inflation increases this year , but there appears little chance of the rate reaching # 7 by 2015/16 , as george osborne hinted last month .
sources said it was unlikely the government would overrule the commission to impose a bigger than recommended rise .
a conservative spokesman said the rise ` would be welcome news -- a real-terms increase for millions of people for the first time in over five years plus the prospect of more above-inflation increases to come ' .
in january , the chancellor said he backed a dramatic increase in the # 6.31 rate , delighting tory mps but alarming