by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
07:57 est , 11 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
18:28 est , 11 april 2013 .
rice imported from some countries , including china -lrb- above -rrb- , contains high levels of lead that could pose a health risk to children , researchers have claimed .
rice imported from some countries contains high levels of lead that could pose a health risk to children , researchers have claimed .
us experts detected concentrations of lead ranging from six to 12 milligrams per kilogram in rice from several sources .
the highest amounts were seen in rice originating from china and taiwan .
significantly high levels were also found in samples from the czech republic , bhutan , italy , india and thailand .
all these countries export rice to the uk .
infants and children consuming the rice would be exposed to lead levels 30 to 60 times higher than the tolerable safety limits set by the us food and drug administration -lrb- fda -rrb- , said the study authors .
for asian children , who consume more rice , exposures could be up to 120 times higher .
for adults , daily exposure levels were 20 to 40 times higher than the fda guidelines .
` such findings present a situation that is particularly worrisome given that infants and children are especially vulnerable to the effects of lead poisoning , ' said study leader dr tsanangurayi tongesayi , from monmouth university in new jersey .
the findings were presented yesterday at the annual meeting of the american chemical society in new orleans .
the researchers are still in the process of analysing rice samples from pakistan , brazil and other countries .
lead accumulates slowly in the body , and can lead to nerve and kidney damage , as well as anaemia .
one study has shown brain shrinkage in workers exposed to lead through their occupations .
long-term lead exposure has been linked to reduced iq and disruptive behaviour in children .
rice is the staple food of around three billion people worldwide .
because rice is grown in heavily irrigated conditions , it is more susceptible than other staple crops to environmental pollutants in irrigation water .
health fears : asian children , who eat twice as much rice on average , are most at