charges of sexual assault against college football champion jameis winston from florida state university that were dropped in december last year are being re-examined once again .
an independent investigator claims to have found evidence that fsu administrators and tallahassee police ` took steps to both hide , and then hinder ' the investigation .
a reporter for fox sports news has uncovered thousands of pages of documents .
winston was the target of a rape investigation after a fellow student said he sexually assaulted her while she was intoxicated back in december 2012 as a teammate filmed the act .
scroll down for video .
accused , jameis winston : university 's police chief obtained original police reports at least four days before the case was turned over to the local prosecutor responsible for investigating serious crimes and filing criminal charges .
the main suggestion is that the tallahassee police department seemingly let the case go dormant for nine months .
police reports were effectively ` sat on ' for almost a year before they were given to state attorney willie meggs , but which point the chance of bringing charges against winston was far weaker .
fox sports news claims that on november 8 , 2013 , a reporter for the tampa bay times contacted tallahassee police to request copies of reports of the alleged rape involving winston .
the tallahassee police forwarded the reports to david perry , chief of the florida state university police department .
fsu officials and campus police then attempted to learn more about the reporter seeking the documents .
in an e-mail to perry obtained by fox sports , bonasorte asked , ` do we no -lrb- sic -rrb- if its sports dept ?
' later that morning the tallahassee police records clerk sent an e-mail to perry identifying the reporter who requested the documents .
the university 's police chief forwarded the reports to a high-ranking administrator in the florida state athletic department , and within days they ultimately wound up in the hands of winston 's defense attorney .
there was then some debate over a series of emails as to whether a report had been released into the media .
four days later on november 12 , a reporter from tmz came by to ask for more information over the assault charges .
this time , jim russell of