by .
william turvill .
a french firm plans to fatten up a million ducks in china to supply a growing appetite there for foie gras .
the duck liver delicacy did not make it onto a list of french foods newly approved by chinese import authorities this week - despite years of lobbying - and manufacturer rougie has already taken a more direct route into the market .
rougie 's parent euralis already accounts for nearly a quarter of french national production , and began modest output in china in 2007 .
this month it began breeding work for a .
facility that will house 500,000 ducks initially and aim for 1 million .
by 2020 , increasing existing chinese production by at least 50 per cent .
a french firm plans to fatten up a million ducks in china to supply a growing appetite there for foie gras .
foie gras failed to make the list of meat products put forward this week for approval for sale in into china .
french president francois hollande pushed for market access during a visit to china last year and a number of meat products won the right to request export licences this week during the state visit to france of chinese president xi xinping 's visit .
` it was a disappointment , ' said rougie managing director jean-jacques caspari .
` we hoped things would move during this visit .
' mr caspari is also in charge of economic affairs for foie gras makers group cifog .
` we had no choice .
from the moment you can not export and you want to get onto the chinese market you must produce locally , ' mr caspari said .
foie gras is made from geese and duck livers which have been fattened , most often by force feeding .
sold whole or as a pate , it is considered a gourmet food in both western and asian cuisine , although the practice of force-feeding has been criticised as cruel by animal activists .
california banned its manufacture and sale in 2012 .
euralis started chinese production in 2007 with a 30-tonne foie gras plant .
that was destroyed by a snow storm in 2012 .
foie gras is made from geese and duck livers -lrb- pictured -rrb- which have been fattened - often by force feeding .
the new