early human ancestors may have evolved to throw spears allowing them to hunt around two million years ago , a new study has suggested .
scientists have found that the skeletons of early species of human changed to give them the ability to throw much like modern humans .
a study of fossils of homo erectus , an extinct human ancestor , shows that their shoulders and collar bone would have allowed them to hurl sticks accurately and powerfully .
scroll down for video .
a study of fossils of homo erectus , an extinct human ancestor , shows that their shoulders and collar bone would have allowed them to hurl sticks accurately and powerfully .
the above skeletons of homo erectus were reconstructed from fossils that the researchers used in their study .
this would have enabled homo erectus to become a proficient hunter , able to throw weapons like spears and rocks at potential prey .
dr neil roach , an anthropologist at the george washington university in washington , said : ` the combination of inferiorly rotated , human-like shoulders with a tall , mobile waist and low humeral torsion , support homo erectus as the first known hominin possessing the full anatomical complex associated with proficient throwing .
55 million years ago - first primitive primates evolve .
15 million years ago - hominidae -lrb- great apes -rrb- evolve from the ancestors of the gibbon .
8 million years ago - first gorillas evolve .
later , chimp and human lineages diverge .
5.5 million years ago - ardipithecus , early ` proto-human ' shares traits with chimps and gorillas .
4 million years ago - australopithecines appeared .
they had brains no larger than a chimpanzee 's .
2.8 million years ago - ld 350-1 appeared and may be the first of the homo family .
2.7 million years ago - paranthropus , lived in woods and had massive jaws for chewing .
2.3 million years ago - homo habalis first thought to have appeared in africa .
1.8 million years ago - homo ergaster begins to appear in fossil record .
1.6 million years ago - hand axes become the first major technological innovation .
800,000 years ago - early humans control fire and create hearths .
brain size increases rapidly .
400,000 years ago - neanderthals first begin to appear and spread across