oops !
american emergency surgeon patrick broderick , from new fairfield , connecticut , was arrested for breaking off the finger .
the american tourist who sparked outrage .
in florence after he snapped a finger off a priceless 600-year-old .
statue of the virgin mary in a museum was today revealed to be an .
emergency surgeon from connecticut .
patrick broderick , 55 , from new fairfield , connecticut , was attempting to compare his finger to that on a marble sculpture at the museo dell ` opera del duomo -lrb- museum of the works of the cathedral -rrb- when he amputated the digit .
what makes the accident even more embarrassing is that married broderick is an emergency surgeon at danbury hospital , connecticut - surely someone who is better than most with being careful with his hands .
and in a further excruciating twist , broderick was arrested and taken into custody in front of his wife and his two college-aged children .
it is believed broderick was comparing his own hand to that of the statue when the mishap occurred .
a security guard spotted him doing it and tried to stop him , but it was too late .
broderick was mortified and apologized profusely , fearing prosecution and a massive fine for damaging the historic piece of work .
the sculpture was created in the 14th or 15th century by florentine giovanni d'ambrogio .
timothy verdon , an american who is the head of the diocesan office of sacred art and church cultural heritage and the cathedral foundation museum in florence , condemned his countryman 's behavior .
uh-oh : broderick broke the pinky finger off a 600-year-old marble statue at a florentine museum over the weekend .
a museum administrator said the repair of the statue will be exceedingly complex .
the sculpture , seen here before the accident , was created in the 14th or 15th century by florentine giovanni d'ambrogio .
national lampoons : broderick was on holiday with his wife , linda , and his two children .
call the doctor : a mortified broderick was arrested in front of his wife and children .
` the group were in the cathedral , looking at the statue of the vergine e all ` angelo annunciatore , which is marble and by an artist called giovanni d'ambrogio .
` the