by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
08:42 est , 10 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:24 est , 10 may 2013 .
whole foods market inc. said that labels on a chicken salad and those on a vegan version were reversed at some of its cold food bars in the northeast .
the mislabeled salads - a curried chicken salad and a vegan curried ` chick 'n' salad - were sold in 15 stores in connecticut , maine , massachusetts , new jersey and new york , whole foods said .
in some locations , the company said the salads were sold in the cold food bars where customers can scoop food into containers , which are then weighed at the register .
in other locations , it said the salads were displayed in the prepared food sections behind glass .
the salads were sold on tuesday and wednesday .
whole foods market inc. said that labels on a chicken salad and those on a vegan version were reversed at some of its cold food bars in northeast america .
stock picture of a food counter at a whole foods shop .
the food and drug administration noted the vegan salad contains soy , and the curried chicken salad contains egg .
it said people who have an allergy or severe sensitivity to soy or eggs run the risk of serious or life-threatening allergic reaction if they eat the salads .
the company , based in austin , texas , said no illnesses have been reported .
libba letton , a spokeswoman for whole foods , said the salads were mislabeled at a company-owned commissary that supplies food to the stores .
she said the mix-up was discovered by an employee in the prepared food section at one of its stores .
whole foods is issuing a recall in line with guidelines set by the fda and plans to post signs in stores friday alerting customers about the mislabeled salads , she said .
whole foods has about 330 stores in the u.s. and is known for selling a wide array of organic products .
the mislabeled salads - a curried chicken salad and a vegan curried ` chick 'n' salad - were sold in 15 stores in connecticut , maine , massachusetts , new jersey and new york , whole foods said .