apple fans desperate to be among the first to get their hands on the iphone 6 and iphone 6 plus next week can now pre-order the handsets online .
demand was so high overnight , the official apple store crashed , as did a number of network operator sites , including o2 and ee .
and now carriers are reporting that the larger , iphone 6 plus model has already sold out in some regions .
scroll down for video .
pre-orders for the iphone 6 and iphone 6 plus are now open in the uk , and will open at midnight in each of the regions where the phones will launch , including the us , canada and australia .
demand was so high overnight , the apple store crashed .
for the first time apple is letting people collect their phones in stores next friday .
in particular , at&t in the us reports all of ts iphone 6 plus versions will now ship in 21 to 28 business days .
carriers are reporting that the larger , iphone 6 plus -lrb- pictured -rrb- has already sold out in some regions .
verizon is showing a shipping date of 7 october , while sprint is advising buyers iphone 6 plus models are delayed .
pre-orders for the devices are available from midnight in each of the regions where the phones will launch , including the uk , us , australia , canada , france , germany , hong kong , japan , puerto rico , and singapore .
devices can be pre-ordered from apple as well as network operators , and for the first time apple is letting people collect their phones in stores on the day of launch , 19 september .
apple 's chief executive tim cook unveiled the 4.7-inch iphone 6 alongside the 5.5-inch iphone 6 plus , and the apple watch at an event on tuesday .
the apple watch does not go on sale until early next year and will cost $ 349 in the us .
uk prices have not been announced .
in the uk , the phones can be pre-ordered from o2 , vodafone , ee , three and virgin media , plus the apple store .
o2 and ee stores were still down at the time of writing , and three and virgin media are not allowing pre-orders until