published : .
06:51 est , 18 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
10:03 est , 18 december 2012 .
no reprieve : execution chamber and the lethal injection table at california 's san quentin state prison .
only nine states in the u.s. exercised the right to execute their prisoners this year - the lowest figure in 20 years - as use of the death penalty fades .
a total of 43 inmates were killed across america this year , with texas , arizona , oklahoma and mississippi accounting for more than three-quarters of the executions .
33 u.s. states still have the death penalty although fewer and fewer are using it , according to a report released tuesday by a nonprofit company that tracks death penalty data .
` there are still 33 states with the death penalty , but very few are actually regularly carrying out executions ' , said richard dieter , executive director of the death penalty information center and author of the report told reuters .
forty-three inmates were also executed last year but across 13 states executed inmates .
no more executions are scheduled for this year .
ohio and florida each executed three inmates .
south dakota executed two , and delaware and idaho each executed one .
all of the executions were by lethal injection .
the us supreme court banned execution in .
1972 following a ruling that it constituted cruel and unusual punishment and violated the .
constitution .
it authorised its resumption in 1976 and states could decide whether they wanted it or not .
several states that traditionally have supported the use of executions carried out none this year .
in the us , about 13,000 people have been legally executed since the colonial era .
virginia has executed a larger percentage of its population than any other state with a population of more than a million .
twelve people who have been sentenced to .
death in texas in the modern era have been exonerated .
the use of lethal injection has become .
standard .
other methods have included electrocution , firing squad , .
lethal gas and hanging .
there are more than 3,000 offenders on death row in the us .
virginia which has the second highest .
number of executions behind texas since it was reinstated in 1976 is one