by .
charlotte griffiths .
and flora bradley-watson .
swell : the duchess of cambridge showing her baby bump last month .
it has been the most closely guarded secret surrounding the duchess of cambridge 's pregnancy -- the day on which the royal baby is expected to be born .
but now the mail on sunday can disclose that kate has been given an official due date of july 13 .
mystery has shrouded the expected date of birth ever since kate was rushed into the king edward vii hospital with severe morning sickness in december , early in the pregnancy .
because of her illness , the palace was forced to announce she was expecting before she had undergone her 12-week scan .
it meant no one outside kate and william 's close circle knew exactly how far the pregnancy had progressed .
a friend of the pair revealed : ` some of kate and william 's closest pals were at a barbecue hosted by a family friend of the royals recently .
` they were all discussing the fact that kate 's baby is due to be born on july 13 .
everyone was very excited .
' unfortunately , the birth due date falls in the middle of the coronation festival , a four-day celebration to mark 60 years since the queen was crowned , 16 months after being proclaimed monarch on her father 's death .
the festival , expected to rival last year 's jubilee revelries , runs from july 11 to july 14 -- meaning william and kate are almost sure to miss out .
opera singer laura wright , who will perform in the gardens of buckingham palace , joked : ` i had better not sing too many high notes .
. .
what if my singing made her go into labour ?
' the baby is expected to be delivered in the private lindo wing of st mary 's hospital in paddington -- the same place william was born -- under the supervision of royal gynaecologists alan farthing and marcus setchell .
blossoming : kate makes a speech at the willows primary school , wythenshawe , manchester on april 23 -lrb- left -rrb- and waving as she arrive for a visit to the emirates arena in glasgow , scotland on april 4 .
just after the pregnancy was announced in