by .
travelmail reporter .
a quiet himalayan mountain village springs to life for a colourful buddhist festival designed to expel evil spirits and bring happiness .
the annual torgya festival in tawang , in north-eastern india , is full of colourful dancing , music and theatre .
the three day festival is held in the courtyard of the tawang monastery , which is nestled on top of the hill overlooking the town .
caught on film : dancer twirls around at the little-known torgya festival in tawang .
money talks : a performer represents greed for money at the annual torgya festival in tawang , in north-eastern india .
masked dancers : five monks perform in brightly coloured robes and traditional buddhist headpieces .
the vibrant event was attended by australian photographers stephen axford and catherine marciniak .
` there is nowhere on the planet as rich in ancient cultures as northeast india , ' says stephen , 62 , of melbourne .
` we woke to the sound of a drum echoing through the landscape , before joining local villagers and pilgrims .
' guests at the festival , which took place on january 29th , 30th and 31st , gather in the main square of the monastery wearing their finest clothes .
monks dressed in colourful robes and traditional buddhist masks carry out performances that involve chanting , dancing and acting .
captivated : young monks enjoying themselves at the annual torgya festival in tawang .
watching on : masked performers sit on the edge of the performance ring .
expelling evil spirits : skeleton men burn the zor -lrb- an effigy -rrb- at the end of their performance .
` there were markets selling everything .
from food to textiles , and cheap chinese toy guns bought by doting .
parents for young sons who were studying to become monks , ' explains .
steve .
` the whole festival attracts people from many miles around .
` some people will walk for many days to get there and come from as far away as tibet and bhutan .
amazing occasion : each year the village bursts to life with dance and music .
an old lady stands is dressed for the occasion in the courtyard of a monastery .
perched on top of a mountain : locals gather at the annual event which is held