by .
sally lee .
a mother is desperately battling to raise the $ 60,000 needed to fly her and her premature daughter home to australia from fiji , after she unexpectedly gave birth in the back of a taxi on a street in nadi , last week .
jayne and ashley wren were n't expecting to be parents until july , so they did not have travel insurance that covered their baby being born while they were on holiday .
maddison jayne cazna wren arrived early at 33 weeks at 1.7 kg and remains in an incubator at nadi hospital .
the couple flew to fiji for a wedding after being granted full permission by doctors in sydney .
an online campaign has been launched to help bring baby maddi home and cover the medical expenses for the newborn .
jayne wren who gave birth to her first child maddi in the back of a taxi in fiji on may 31 .
the night after the wedding , mrs wren was on her way to a check up at a local private clinic in nadi but her destination quickly changed to nadi hospital when she went into labour in the taxi .
the new parents now have growing financial concerns but are being helped significantly by the online campaign set up through fund-raising website mycause .
` jay was carried from the taxi her baby was born , on a local street in nadi , ' wrote angela allison who is running the campaign .
maddison jayne cazna wren -lrb- pictured in an incubator in nadi hospital -rrb- was born at 33 weeks at 1.7 kg .
she came home on june 19 .
the father of maddison , ashley wren , was a groomsman at his friend 's wedding in nadi and was n't expecting to be a father so soon .
` conditions -lsb- at the hospital -rsb- are far from the standards we are used to here in australia , ' said ms allison .
` with not even a blanket for maddi or clothes for her to wear , jay and ash are beside themselves with worry and stress .
' ms allison told daily mail australia , however , that they have been overwhelmed by support from friends , family and strangers .
` now that a few aussie celebs have retweeted we are