the hostages in islamic state execution videos appear calm because they do not realise they are about to die , according to a former captive .
french war reporter didier francois , who was released by the terrorists earlier this year , said that prisoners were threatened with execution ` several times ' and is militants carried out macabre mock crucifixions .
commenting on why the hostages , including briton david haines , remained calm even seconds before their deaths , the journalist said : ` they did not realise that this time it was the real thing ' .
scroll down for video .
didier francois , who was released by is earlier this year , said that prisoners were threatened with execution ` several times ' and were put through mock executions .
mr francois said james foley was treated worse than the other hostages because the militants found a picture of his brother - who is a member of the us armed forces - on his computer .
mr francois , 53 , of paris-based radio station europe 1 , and three other french journalists were freed in april near the syrian-turkish border .
the french government has denied that a ransom of $ 18million -lrb- # 11million -rrb- was paid to end their ten-month captivity , but many believe the cash was paid through middlemen , including private companies and turkish secret agents .
mr francois revealed after his release that foley was treated harsher than the other captives because the militants found a picture of his brother - who serves in military - on his computer .
giving an insight into the physical and mental torture the hostages endured at the hands of the terrorists , the french journalist called foley ` one of the pillars of the group , ' who ` never cracked even under the most difficult conditions ' .
` he was an extraordinary guy , an extremely nice companion in detention , very solid , ' mr francois said in august .
he described the conditions in which all the hostages were held in syria , as always ` rough and sometimes violent .