floyd mayweather will announce at his teasing convenience that the richest fight in boxing history will take place in las vegas on may 2 .
all that remains of the long wait for the best pound-for-pound fighter in the world to take on the pretender to that mythical title , manny pacquiao , is for money mayweather to confirm that it 's on at last .
mayweather and the filipino pac-man are to be paid a combined purse of $ 250million for answering the public demand that they finally settle their five-year argument in the ring .
floyd mayweather was at the nba all-star weekend as the world waited for him to announce his fight .
mayweather will face his long-time rival pacquiao on may 2 at the mgm grand in las vegas .
that cash-crazy neon desert strip has lit up with electric expectation that mayweather is ready to confirm what has long seemed inevitable .
the right to tell the world is one of his many stipulations in a contract to which all parties are reliably reported to have agreed after an eternity of wrangling .
the deal now done barring a seismic tantrum by mayweather is also believed to include a rematch clause for a second $ 300m extravaganza back at the mgm grand in the autumn .
the minutiae of which gloves each combatant will wear , the olympic standard drugs testing which mayweather has long demanded and pacquiao 's acquiescence to a smaller share of the fortune are all included .
the two major cable networks in america -- showtime , who hold a six-fight contract with mayweather , and pacquiao 's paymasters hbo -- have settled for both broadcasting this extraordinary event .
mayweather last fought when he beat marcos maidana in their rematch last september .
mayweather and pacquiao have been negotiating since they came face-to-face on a basketball court .
and it remains a major spectacle , even though the world of boxing would have preferred that these two men in their mid-to-late 30s had got it on all these five years ago .
the precedent for two-channel transmission was set when mike tyson and lennox lewis clashed in a heavyweight bonanza in june 2002 .
the final sticking point -- which of showtime or hbo should have rights to the first replay broadcast a few days later -- now appears to