james bond may like his martini shaken , not stirred , but the fictional spy has n't had to contend with zero gravity when sipping his favourite tipple .
making cocktails in space is a difficult business , but now there 's a specially designed ` glass ' in the pipeline that promises to force liquid to stay put .
grooves in the 3d printed vessel will let astronauts enjoy the aroma of a beverage and keep the fluid in place so they can drink in a way they are used to on earth .
scroll down for videos .
a californian company has designed a martini glass -lrb- pictured alongside a cup -rrb- intended for zero gravity that has ridges to ensure liquid stays inside it and can be sipped by an astronaut .
a company called cosmic lifestyle corp -lrb- clc -rrb- in oakland , california came up with the design - which is a work in progress - to solve the problem of drinking in space .
nasa once developed ` parabolic sherry ' and astronauts have been known to have a swig of vodka , but drinking from a conventional glass is difficult .
this is because liquid becomes sticky and clumps together in blobs in zero gravity .
if a glob of water is broken , for example , it splits into many smaller blobs that scatter everywhere and are hard to clean up .
to solve this problem , liquid is typically kept in bags with attachment for straws , but while this is practical , it 's not an elegant solution and means astronauts ca n't smell the liquid , which is naturally less pungent and tasteless in zero gravity .
the start-up chose to 3d print the cup so the complicated design can be refined quickly -- with each design taking around 15 hours to print .
because there is already a printer on the iss , the idea is that glasses could be printed off straight away , without the need to transport the delicate vessels .
image shows early versions .
in the 1979 film , moonraker , james bond , played by roger moore -lrb- a poster is shown -rrb- , has a space adventure but does n't attempt to drink his signature martini in space .
the first step is drop the glass inside a 102ft-tall lift at