speculation over a secret meeting of potential liberal leadership hopefuls has led malcolm turnbull to live-tweet his train trip to the nsw central coast .
2gb talkback radio host ben fordham caused a stir on thursday morning when he tweeted : ` interesting fact : malcolm turnbull and julie bishop have arranged to meet at his sydney home today ' .
after one of mr turnbull 's spokesmen denied the report to media including daily mail australia , fordham insisted the communications minister himself would not deny the allegation .
so mr turnbull tweeted a picture of himself seated on a sydney train , grinning .
the message to fordham : ` you need to improve -lrb- your -rrb- surveillance !
scroll down for video .
cheeky grin : malcolm turnbull tweeted this picture as evidence of his current location .
contenders ?
mr turnbull and ms bishop have been at the centre of leadership speculation in recent days , with ms bishop issuing a statement earlier this week saying she would not challenge the prime minister .
' i am on the train to tuggerah .
-lrb- politics in the pub -rrb- north wyong tonight ' , ' mr turnbull said .
the communications minister followed up by insisting he was at a national broadband network meeting in north sydney this morning , where he boarded the train .
he then posted a series of images of his train crossing the hawkesbury river , featuring mangroves and settlements along the riverside .
the trip concluded with mr turnbull arriving at tuggerah train station -lrb- and sharing a picture of the moment -rrb- before he emphatically insisted he has not and would not meet ms bishop today unless she came to the dam hotel , north wyong , this evening .
the spat provoked ms bishop to join the fray , insisting she was in canberra this morning and a shopping centre in penrith , greater western sydney , with a local mp after that .
' i did not meet malcolm turnbull at his home - i even told you -lrb- the -rrb- qantas flight i was on !
so what 's the point you 're -lrb- not -rrb- making ?
' she wrote , even adding in her trademark emoji in a later post .
regardless , mr turnbull and ms bishop are set to cross paths this