by .
pete jenson .
follow @@ petejenson .
` three goalkeepers one problem ' was the headline on one of madrid 's leading sports papers diario as on friday morning .
real madrid want to complete the signing of keylor navas from levante but they already have iker casillas and diego lopez .
over at marca , the rival of diario as , a solution was being offered .
maybe lopez could be sold to chelsea , after all it was jose mourinho who signed him for real madrid in the first place .
all well and good apart from the fact that chelsea already have petr cech and thibaut courtois .
the surplus of good keepers , along with the stockpiling of talent at most top champions league clubs means that petr cech , pepe reina , iker casillas , joe hart , victor valdes , diego lopez , marc-andre ter stegen and wojciech szczesny could all be sat on the bench for large parts of next season because their clubs also have courtois , simon mignolet , keylor navas , claudio bravo , willy caballero and david ospina to pick instead .
video scroll dwon to watch thibaut coutois stranded by eden hazard 's chip .
in limbo : diego lopez -lrb- left -rrb- and iker casillas -lrb- right -rrb- will have to do battle with the incoming keylor navas .
under pressure : szczesny -lrb- left -rrb- and hart -lrb- right -rrb- will have to compete with new arrivals at arsenal and city .
you can argue about the details .
hart will probably keep his place ahead of caballero -lrb- although believing that to be a formality is to ignore how caballero has been among the top three goalkeepers in spain in each of the last three seasons -rrb- .
likewise casillas might keep his place ahead of navas .
and szczesny could well fend off ospina 's challenge .
but however the chips fall there will be a lot of very good keepers not playing regularly .
atletico madrid were expected to ease the congestion by signing one of the surplus stoppers but they opted instead for another young talent -- jan oblak the 21-year-old slovenian - so there are still too many keepers for the places available and the way the world cup was dominated by goalkeepers has done nothing to change that