by .
erin clements .
american eagle outfitters has been accused of using a street artist 's designs without permission .
miami , florida-based david anasagasti filed a lawsuit against the company , alleging that his signature eyeball images appeared in the store ' s spring campaign - including its advertising , billboards , store displays , social media and website - without any credit or compensation .
mr anasagasti , also known by the moniker aholsniffsglue , is seeking actual damages , infringement-related profits and an injunction prohibiting further use of the artwork in question .
eyes wide open : american eagle outfitters is accused of using a motif designed by miami street artist david anasagasti in its spring 2014 advertising -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
artist 's statement : mr anasagasti , pictured , is ` not painting for a corporation .
he 's painting because he loves it , ' says his agent .
` given that he hails from the .
counter-culture world of underground street artists , mr. anasagasti 's .
reputation as an artist has been founded , in part , on a public .
perception that -lrb- he -rrb- does n't `` sell out '' to large corporate interests , ' the lawsuit stated .
mailonline contacted american eagle , and a spokeswoman declined to comment on the lawsuit .
mr .
anasagasti 's murals depicting rows of sleepy eyes can be seen in .
miami 's wynwood arts district , where american eagle 's promotional images .
were allegedly shot .
one of his works appears in the above portrait of the artist , shot by giulio sciorio .
one billboard shows a male model leaping over a fire hydrant in front of what appears to be mr anasagasti 's ocean grown mural , commissioned by miami 's ocean grown glass gallery .
` ahol is not painting for a corporation .
he 's painting because he loves it , ' his agent , gregg shienbaum , told reuters , adding that the trademark eyeballs were particularly inappropriate for retail marketing .
` they represent the working class , who struggle and are good people .
they may look a little droopy , a little sad , but it 's his way of saying , `` you may be down today , but you 've got to keep going , '' ' he