a former power ranger allegedly murdered his roommate with a replica medieval sword in a row over his girlfriend .
ricardo medina jr , who played the red ranger , reportedly told officers that he stabbed joshua sutter after he forced his way into his bedroom during the fight .
sutter was said to have been angry that medina 's girlfriend was spending too much time at their home when the former power ranger was not there , tmz reported .
the 37-year-old has been charged with killing his roommate by stabbing him in the abdomen with the sharp weapon on saturday afternoon .
medina , who reportedly called 911 himself , was taken into custody in palmdale , california , shortly after , reports claim .
sutter was taken to hospital and pronounced dead .
murder accusation : tmz reported that ricardo medina jr stabbed his roommate in the abdomen and was arrested .
he is pictured left at a fan convention and right in power rangers costume .
the roommates started fighting at around 3.30 pm , according to reports .
medina went into his room with his girlfriend but sutter tried to follow them , the report states .
it was then that medina allegedly dealt the fatal blow .
he has been charged and detained , with his bail set at $ 1 million .
medina starred in the 2002 tv series power rangers wild force before playing deker in the 2011 series power rangers samurai .
he also voiced deker in the video game power rangers samurai , and in the movie power rangers samurai : a new enemy , which hit theaters in 2012 .
born and raised in los angeles , california , medina was also pursuing a singing career and had stints in er and csi , according to his imdb profile .
` attack ' : the actor allegedly speared his roommate during an argument then called 911 himself .
` he is a great friend and a great client .
it 's something i ca n't even conceive .
i do n't see that in him .
he was a very helpful guy and great with his dog .
it 's such a shock , ' said gar lester , medina 's former agent who has known the actor for 12 years , told abc7 .
medina 's neighbor ,