a north carolina woman has proven once and for all that size does not matter when it comes to busting a move .
radio producer whitney way thore 's series of pulse pumping youtube videos a fat girl dancing has gone viral in recent months thanks to her impressive skills on the dance floor .
now thore is using her newfound popularity to take her plus-size prosthelytizing to the masses .
scroll down for video ... having fun : whitney thore 's a fat girl dancing videos have gone viral thanks to her very impressive moves .
here , the north carolina radio producer and her co-worker spoof the infamous miley cyrus/robin thicke duet .
feeling it : thore is a life long dancer whose weight gain caused her to lose touch for a time with the pastime she once loved .
the videos were in part the idea of her co-worker at 1075 kzl show jared and katie in the morning , jared pike .
' i had the idea for no body shame campaign after i posted photos of myself from a boudoir shoots , ' thore told dailyvenusdiva .
` while many responses were positive , there was a whoooole lotta fat-shaming going on !
i started blogging really just for therapy .
' but pike knew of her awesome moves and suggested she make a video series as a way to cope .
over several months , the videos -- which feature thore dancing to songs by robin thicke , pussy cat dolls and others -- gained a solid following and recieved tens of thousands of views .
and when she decided to put a recent dance video on facebook , her popularity skyrocketed .
` instead of posting a link to youtube , i embedded the video directly into facebook , ' she said .
` this allowed it to become more visible and reach more people through the 150k + shares !
' now thore is getting compliments left and right and giving plenty of visibility to her no body shame campaign , but things did n't always feel so bright .
the lifelong dancer was teaching others the skill as early as 16 , but weight gain too a serious toll on her confidence .
` unable to face my reflection , i failed out of dance class my first semester , '