by .
leesa smith .
afl fans are calling for controversial football commentator brian taylor to be sacked after he made further homophobic remarks live on air .
social media has blown up about the outspoken broadcaster calling geelong defender harry taylor a ` big poofter ' on live television despite his apology during the half-time break .
the comment came as footage was shown on channel 7 's saturday night footy panel show of harry taylor being chaired from the field last weekend after his 150th game when the popular cat player did an unusual wave to the crowd .
scroll down for video .
the chair lift that prompted commentator brian taylor to call geelong footballer harry taylor -lrb- centre -rrb- a ' big p ** fter ' this is the second time brian taylor has been slammed this year for homophobic remarks - he also described his 3aw colleague seb costello 's dress sense as ` gay ' earlier in the season .
` i do n't know whether you guys down there can hear me or not .
i am up here getting ready for the game and i 've just seen that crap from harry -- he 's a big poofter , ' taylor said .
` you ca n't be doing the old royal wave , next thing you 'll have your mum and dad out there .
' laughter came from the panel which consisted of luke darcy , cameron ling , sam lane , matthew richardson and mick molloy , the herald sun reported .
the former richmond and collingwood full-forward is known for being a long-time critic of players celebrating ` minor ' milestones .
taylor then apologised during the half-time break .
` in the pre-game show i said something that i regret , and i sincerely apologise in regard to harry taylor and anyone -- and particularly harry and any of his friends -- that were offended by my remark , ' he said .
' i apologise for that and i sincerely regret any harm that i have caused .
so , sorry for that .
' this is the second time this year that taylor has been slammed for making remarks that could be seen as homophobic .
` i do n't want to offend his upbringing or his parents ... but he looks gay .
there