sky sports open as favourites to secure the british broadcasting rights for the richest fight of all time , at roughly the same 1-3 odds at which the las vegas casinos are quoting floyd mayweather jnr to win it .
but when you are talking hundreds of millions of dollars and the two best pound-for-pound boxers in the world there are no foregone conclusions .
and when it comes to a bidding war for mayweather vs manny pacquiao , nothing will come cheap for uk viewers .
floyd mayweather tucks into a bag of popcorn and a hotdog during a basketball match in la on sunday .
mayweather announced that he would fight pacquiao last week to end weeks of speculation .
bt have become a premier league thorn in sky 's side .
they have been fidgeting for some time about adding live boxing to their portfolio and there could be no more spectacular way than this of throwing their hat in the ring .
certainly , they can afford it .
the cost frame for screening rights in this country on the red-hot saturday night of may 2 at the mgm grand garden arena is expected to be # 5million - # 10m , with sky likely to start pitching at # 6m .
but the fiercer the competition the higher it could go , even though money and the pacman will not enter the ring much before 4am sunday morning uk time .
bt possess untold riches and have not blinked at # 10m per premier league match .
they also kept significant cash in hand by shrewdly under-bidding sky while still expanding their package in that new deal .
with all due respect , if west bromwich albion vs hull city is worth that kind of money then what price this fight so big that pacquiao 's promoter bob arum describes it as ` three super bowls rolled into one ' ?
manny pacquiao stretches before a training session the philippines as he prepares for mayweather .
pacqauio plays chess with friends in general santos city as he trains at home before moving to los angeles .
pacquiao has been in training for mayweather in anticipation that the fight would be made for may .
twenty million , thirty million , given that american television will generate $ 300m ?
and bt are not the only