the links between where you live and the adverse affects on your health are well documented .
busy roads , power plants and a dense urban neighbourhoods all increase a person 's exposure to air pollution , and secondhand smoke - raising the risk of stroke , heart disease and cancer .
but location is also thought to be vital when it comes to the health of your skin .
a new study has found a person 's postcode could determine their risk of developing eczema - a painful skin complaint affecting one in five people .
skincare company salcura examined almost 24,000 orders for treatments to help ease the condition in adults and children .
and their findings highlighted a direct correlation between hard water and demand for eczema cures .
in the last 18 months , demand for treatments was highest in london , with the west midlands , essex and surrey also appearing in the top five .
experts noted all are areas of very hard water .
click here to take the test .
skincare company salcura has developed an online portal allowing people to discover if they are at increased risk of eczema because of the water in the area where they live .
by entering your postcode on the site , you can discover the hardness of your water supply .
the only exception in the top five was lancashire , an area of soft water .
the lowest levels of demand for eczema treatments were in perthshire , falkirk , orkney islands and clackmannanshire - all areas with soft water , according to southern water .
and the company has now devised an online portal to enable people to check the water in their area .
dermatologists and the nhs recognise hard water is a common trigger for exacerbating eczema .
the skin requires a certain level of moisture , fats and oils to lubricate the skin , retain water and keep the skin plump .
past studies have found eczema sufferers often do n't produce the necessary levels to maintain healthy skin .
when the skin is dry , gaps can appear between the cells , allowing germs , bacteria and allergens to get through and cause irritation .
that irritation can trigger the symptoms of eczema - itchy , red , inflamed , cracked and sore skin .
some chemicals can