by .
kaswar klasra .
the brazen attack on karachi 's jinnah international airport late on sunday left at least 29 people dead , including 10 terrorists , exposing how pakistan is vulnerable to the militants it nurtured for years in its backyard .
`` ten terrorists infiltrated the old karachi airport on sunday night disguised as security guards .
pakistan army soldiers killed all of them following an operation , '' a pakistani official said on monday .
the attack began just before midnight , when 10 gunmen wearing airport security force uniforms and armed with automatic rifles and rocket-propelled grenades shot their way into the airport 's old terminal , which is used mainly for charter and executive flights .
dark skies : smoke rises from the jinnah international airport in karachi after militants launched an assault .
response : pakistani security personnel rush to the jinnah international airport in karachi after the assault by pakistan taliban militants .
survivors : employees leave the airport premises after the attack , which saw night-long gun-battles .
passengers were evacuated and flights were diverted .
gun battles raged through the night until security forces regained control of the airport in the morning .
the assault has destroyed the prospect of peace talks between the pakistani taliban and the government of prime minister nawaz sharif .
it also deals a heavy blow to sharif 's efforts to attract foreign investors to revive growth , and raises questions about security at the country 's main installations .
in a statement that could hurt ties .
between islamabad and new delhi , the director general of pakistan .
military 's media wing asim bajwa claimed that the arms and ammunition .
which the terrorists used could have been made in india .
`` indian-made arms and ammunition were recovered from the militants , '' major general bajwa told reporters .
not .
surprisingly , it gave jamaat-ud-dawa chief hafiz saeed an opportunity .
to criticise the sharif-lead government 's efforts to improve ties with .
india .
gun-battle : a paramilitary soldier in action to repulse the strike by the outlawed tehreek-e taliban pakistan militants .
bomb-disposal : a member of the bomb disposal squad places hand grenades after defusing them along a sidewalk outside the airport in karachi .
ammunition : pakistani police officers display confiscated weapons and bodies of the attackers