jose mourinho can boast title triumphs in england , italy and spain but he ranks the prizes won with porto as his greatest achievements .
mourinho , who left porto for chelsea in 2004 after two primeira liga wins and a champions league success , was back in his homeland after being named portugal 's coach of the century .
he won the premier league twice in his first spell with the blues before claiming two serie a crowns with inter milan and a la liga triumph with real madrid .
video scroll down for jose mourinho named ` coach of the century ' at portuguese awards .
jose mourinho poses for a photo on the red carpet as he is named portugal 's coach of the century .
chelsea boss mourinho was suited and booted at the quinas de ouro gala on wednesday evening .
mourinho wore an all black suit for the awards ceremony where he was named portugal 's coach of the century .
mourinho -lrb- right -rrb- celebrates porto 's champions league success with paulo ferreira -lrb- centre -rrb- in may 2004 .
but , in estoril to pick up his latest award as the portuguese football federation celebrated its 100th anniversary , he said : ` obviously the titles that i won with porto in this context are the most important in my career because they were titles won with a portuguese team for portuguese soccer .
` with porto it was a unique case because that was winning a champions league final with nine portuguese players .
would i like to see it happen again ?
yes i would , yes .
' porto players celebrate uefa cup success after beating celtic 3-2 in may 2003 .
mourinho presents the man of the match award to derlei following the portuguese 's side 's uefa cup success .
mourinho wheels away in celebration after the portuguese side secured a historic win at manchester united .
mourinho -lrb- middle -rrb- celebrates chelsea 's title win with frank lampard -lrb- left -rrb- and john terry -lrb- right -rrb- in may 2005 .
mourinho 's porto beat monaco 3-0 in the 2004 final -- he also won the portuguese cup , uefa cup and portuguese super cup - and as he chases four trophies with chelsea this year the 51-year-old is happy to fly the flag for his