they are caught between their bodies and their church - but have managed to walk a line between the two .
these three mormons , all from utah , have realized that they are transgender - a designation not officially recognized by the church of latter day saints .
indeed , church doctrine states that anybody who takes their transgender identity to the extent of gender reassignment surgery can not be baptized - and could face discipline from church elders if they are already a member of the religion .
however , in the case of annabel jensen , grayson moore and sara jade woodhouse , they have found a way to exist within the mormon universe - often with the help of local mormon leaders .
scroll down for video .
struggles : grayson moore , left with his mother , and annabel jensen , right , have both transitioned gender .
grayson used to be grace and annabel was once christopher .
changed : sara jade woodhouse , above , changed gender much later in life .
as a man , she had married and fathered a child .
as an extensive profile of the three in the salt lake tribune newspaper reveals , the three have managed stay devout members of the church while navigating the difficulties of their gender identity .
according to the tribune , around 30 transgender mormons meet every week in a support group , and have started to get the attention of senior church members .
grayson moore , 22 , is a math student at the university of utah , and first came to terms with being transgender in junior high .
until then , he had been known as grace , but made the decision to throw out his girls ' clothes , swap his name to grayson and start living as a male .
therapy : moore , pictured above at home in syracuse , utah , started taking testosterone hormones several years after switching to wearing boys ' clothes .
several years later he began testosterone therapy , which has made his body more masculine .
he attends an all-male congregation , but is officially still listed as female by the church .
he told the tribune that after being told about gender identity disorder by his mother , he prayed to god asking ` am i your