by .
mark duell .
updated : .
14:24 est , 28 february 2012 .
diane sawyer is america 's most-liked news personality , with the abc host beating cnn 's anderson cooper and nbc 's brian williams in a poll .
but at the other end of the scale , radio host rush limbaugh , bill o'reilly of fox news and cnn anchor nancy grace are the least-favourite .
the findings from a cross-party survey also show british cnn host piers morgan is the sixth least-favourite presenter among americans .
top-rated : diane sawyer , left , is the most-liked news personality in the .
u.s. , with the abc anchor ahead of cnn 's anderson cooper , right , .
according to a survey .
` sometimes a news personality is supposed to just provide the news , ' said a spokesman for harris interactive , who did the national survey .
` other times , controversy or political leanings drive a current affairs personality .
people choose their newscaster for certain reasons .
' the survey asked for opinions on 26 top news broadcasters in america , and respondents stated their most - and least-favourites .
one-quarter of americans prefer ms sawyer , 66 , the ` world news ' anchor from kentucky , who has been working in broadcasting since 1967 .
she is followed on 19 per cent by mr cooper , the 44-year-old from new york who presents his cnn show anderson cooper 360 ° .
mixed feelings : nbc 's brian williams , left , fared well in the survey , .
whereas bill o'reilly of fox news , right , came in the top five of the .
most-liked and least-liked .
on the same percentage is mr williams of nbc nightly news , who began his broadcasting career more than 30 years ago in kansas .
behind him on 15 per cent is mr .
o'reilly , 62 , who presents the o'reilly factor .
however the fox anchor is also .
the second least-liked presenter .
this shows how many presenters have a .
big following among some viewers and hatred from others , often split by .
political party affiliation .
conservative broadcaster mr limbaugh , 61 , puts out the most listened-to radio talk show in the u.s. - but he is also the most hated presenter .