sing-a-long star : babies are more likely to drift off to adele , above , than rock-a-bye baby , parents claimed .
parents are ditching traditional lullabies to sing their children to sleep in favour of chart-topping pop songs , a study revealed yesterday .
. a feeling that songs such as ` twinkle twinkle little star ' are ` old-fashioned ' and ` silly ' emerged as the reasons with other mums and dads admitting they struggle to recall latter verses of the old favourites .
instead , with many parents now listening to modern pop tunes on the radio or television , youngsters now favour adele , bruno mars or rihanna tunes over classics like rock a bye baby .
half of the 2,000 parents polled even admitted their children preferred singing along to chart toppers , with just 15 per cent still favouring nursery rhymes and lullabies .
the survey for the makers of the award winning musical toy symphony in b also revealed bruno mars ' ` just the way you are ' and adele 's ` someone like you ' are the most popular songs for children .
robbie williams ' ` angels ' and ` diamonds ' and ` umbrella ' , by rihanna completed the top five .
other songs to feature in the poll include ` sweet child of mine ' by the guns 'n' roses , taylor swift 's ' i knew you were trouble ' and emeli sande 's ` next to me ' .
managing director jonathan thorpe of john crane ltd , distributors of symphony in b , said : ` it 's only natural that parents are singing more modern songs to their children nowadays .
` we are surrounded by music every day , either on the radio , tv or in films , and often once you hear a song , you end up singing it without even realising .
` many parents also seem to be more familiar with pop songs compared to the more traditional ones so it 's only natural they end up singing what they know to their children .
` any way that parents engage with their children over music is a good thing , and it 's great that so many mums and dads sing to or with their children , whether that song is one or 100 years