by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
published : .
23:46 est , 11 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:33 est , 12 november 2013 .
britain 's greedy energy firms were today accused by the government of treating their customers like ` cash cows ' which can be ` squeezed ' to increase profits .
energy secretary ed davey used a speech today to point the finger at power bosses for behaving as badly as disgraced banker fred ` the shred ' goodwin , who presided over the collapse of rbs .
as the industry accused the minister of ` tit for tat insults ' , edf announced rises 3.9 per cent amid reports e.on will push up prices by 6.6 per cent , much lower than the hikes of up to 10 per cent imposed by the rest of the big six .
how bills will soar .
mr davey used a speech to the energy industry 's annual conference to launch the most outspoken attack so .
far on bosses from the so-called big six of edf , npower , british gas , .
scottish power , sse and e.on .
he accused them of greed for ramping .
up prices for consumers while wholesale prices are barely increasing .
e.on is expected to raise its charges by 6.6 per cent this month , becoming the fifth of the top six energy firms to increase fees by more than twice the rate of inflation , according to the telegraph .
about four million homes will be hit by the rise , with customers on non-fixed tariffs paying an extra # 90 per year .
meanwhile , edf announced its bills will go up by just 3.9 per cent , much lower than the crippling rises announced by the rest of the big six .
but it appeared to threaten the government that if it fails to cut green levies it will have to ` review ' its prices , paving the way for another increase .
squeeze : energy secretary ed davey warned power firms not to hike bills just to maximise profits .
scottishpower bills are going up by 9 per cent , npower announced a 10.4 per cent price hike , british gas a 9.2 per cent rise and scottish & southern energy an 8.2 per cent increase .
energy