if emmanuel adebayor is right and tottenham 's poor little players are scared to play at white hart lane , then daniel levy needs to get them up the m1 to milton keynes as soon as possible .
adebayor 's comments are laughable and epitomise one of the biggest problems at tottenham hotspur .
players join spurs for an easy ride , a quiet life .
it 's been happening for years .
video scroll down to watch gareth bale training with spurs before real madrid move .
emmanuel adebayor reacts after missing a chance to score against stoke city at white hart lane on sunday .
adebayor jumps for the header but fails to score as tottenham lost 2-1 at home to stoke in the premier league .
tottenham supporters will tell you with joy in their heart about some of the greats who they 've seen wear the shirt .
it 's not a criticism of them , but spurs fans have been far too easily pleased over the years .
they should demand more .
when jurgen klinsmann scored a few and showed everyone his hilarious diving celebration he became a legend .
gareth bale was brilliant , and so was luka modric .
gazza , waddle , hoddle and ardiles .
class acts .
gary lineker -- what a finisher !
how about david ginola ?
and teddy sheringham ?
some great players , but not one league title at tottenham for any of them .
and yet they 're all regarded as spurs greats .
gareth bale celebrates after scoring for tottenham hotspur against sunderland in may 2013 .
paul gascoigne celebrates after spurs beat north london rivals arsenal 3-1 in the fa cup semi-final in 1991 .
gary lineker takes a penalty during a rumbelows cup match against swansea at white hart lane in 1991 .
players know that they do n't have to do too much to become a club legend at white hart lane .
some of them do n't even have to win any sort of trophy .
and so when tottenham fans display their frustration at the ineptitude of the current team -- they 've lost four of their last five home games in the premier league -- adebayor starts crying .
he claims to be speaking on behalf of the players so we are left to assume that all