by .
steve nolan .
published : .
14:37 est , 23 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
01:45 est , 24 july 2013 .
it 's a nervy moment for any first time father - leaving the hospital for the first time cradling your newborn son ready to take him home and begin the daunting task of caring for him .
but for prince william , the first moments of fatherhood had the added pressure of making sure he held the baby properly and fixed the child in its car seat in front of the lenses of the world 's media .
despite being watched by millions of people worldwide , prince william appeared to have passed his first test as a father with flying colours .
the 31-year-old looked surprisingly relaxed as he left the lindo wing and cradled his son while talking to the waiting press .
scroll down for video .
comfortable : prince william held his newborn son with confidence outside the maternity wing of the hospital this evening .
safe and snug : prince william carries his day old son to the car in his car seat .
phew : daddy day one passed with flying colours by prince william who breathes a sigh of relief as he leaves the hospital with his new son earleir this evening .
passed with flying colours : prince william wipes sweat from his brow as he leaves the hospital in london tonight .
prince william spoke to the press while cradling his son carefully .
he was seen moments later carrying .
the child to a waiting car in his car seat before fixing his son safely .
inside at the first attempt and even driving the vehicle away himself as the young family .
returned to their home in the grounds of kensington palace this evening .
the second in line to the throne .
looked to breathe a sigh of relief as he climbed into the driver 's seat .
ready to leave the paddington hospital where the duchess of cambridge .
gave birth just yesterday afternoon .
both the prince and his wife looked in good spirits as they beamed in front of the cameras as they introduced their son for the first time .
as they left st mary 's carefully cradling their precious child , the duke of cambridge followed