a retired textile worker has spent the past 30 years building a sprawling enchanted maze in the forests of spain .
josep pujiula , 77 , began crafting his colossal labyrinth on the banks of the fluvià river in catalonia in 1980 and continues to add to its network of tunnels , towers and intriguing sculptures .
the maze , which recalls guillermo del toro 's 2006 spanish fantasy film pan 's labyrinth , has half a kilometre of walkways and is constructed from rustic materials like wooden planks and sticks bound with rope .
two giant wooden towers stand at the top of the hill ; a retired textile worker has spent the past 30 years building a sprawling enchanted maze .
three tunnel entrances that lead into the winding wooden maze ; josep pujiula , 77 , began crafting his colossal labyrinth on the banks of the fluvià river in catalonia in 1980 .
a bizarre sculpture found at the end of a wooden tunnel , and right , two wooden cabins protrude from the side of the hill .
travel photographer alastair philip wiper , 34 , sought out the labyrinth while travelling through catalonia .
he said : ` whenever i travel i always keep an eye out for new adventures .
i had seen the labyrinth online and realised that i would pass it on my way to barcelona .
` the woods were so thick you could n't see the labyrinth at first , but then the structures appeared out of nowhere , towering above the tree line .
` the first thing you see is a long wooden tunnel made of bent and bound sticks , shooting violently up the side of a steep hill .
to get to the top of the labyrinth you have to get inside the tunnel and climb your way to the top .
you have to be pretty fit to make it up there .
' mr wiper said he had to watch his step as he made his way up the hillside .
he said : ` it felt pretty dangerous .
every time i stepped on a new rung of the ladder in the tunnel i could picture it breaking .
' the wooden maze clings to the side of a steep sandy hill , and right , rusting and moss covered sculptures found in