a dead 32-foot gray whale floated under a washington state ferry terminal thursday sending up a foul odor and diverting some passenger ferries to another slip .
the whale drifted in from open waters in downtown seattle and has since been moved so biologists can figure out how it died .
the whale was towed from the dock to a nearby location thursday afternoon , said broch bender , a spokeswoman for the washington state ferries .
the plan is to move it to another secure location for an autopsy .
float : a dead 32-foot gray whale -lrb- photographed -rrb- floated under a dock at the colman dock washington state ferry terminal in seattle thursday .
carcass : here , a crew tows the carcass of the dead whale in elliot bay after it was discovered under a busy commuter ferry terminal .
the female whale was quite decomposed , but biologists hope to learn as much as possible about its death , said michael milstein , a spokesman with the national oceanic and atmospheric administration fisheries service .
the animal likely had been dead for at least several days , though it might not have been under the dock that long , he said .
it 's not known yet how it died , how it got under the dock , or other details .
the whale was discovered under colman dock ferry terminal late wednesday .
ferry service was n't affected , but people reported a foul odor .
this is the tail end of the period when gray whales migrate south , milstein said .
they spend their summers feeding in alaska .
each fall , they travel along the pacific coast from alaska to baja california , mexico .
days : the animal likely had been dead for at least several days , though it might not have been under the dock that long .
remove : here , a crewmember works to remove the carcass of a dead gray whale under the colman ferry dock .
watch : here , people gather to watch as crew members work to remove the 32-foot whale from under the dock .
migrate : each fall , gray whales travel along the pacific coast from alaska to baja california , mexico when migrating south after spending their summers feeding in alaska -lrb- stock image -rrb- .