new york police commissioner william bratton has urged officers not to turn their backs on mayor bill de blasio at this weekend 's funeral .
on sunday , the city 's cops will gather to pay their respects to wenjian liu , who was fatally shot on december 20 along with his partner rafael ramos .
the double killing prompted a wave of anger from a faction of the nypd who blamed de blasio for failing to defend them during the recent anti-police protests .
scroll down for video .
appeal : commissioner bill bratton , center , has urged officers not to turn their backs do mayor de blasio , right .
and last weekend , at officer ramos 's funeral , thousands of officers turned their backs to demonstrate their frustration during de blasio 's eulogy .
pre-empting a repeat , bratton sent a message to his force branding the protest ` inappropriate ' and saying it detracted from attention on ramos .
the message read by the new york post stated : ' a hero 's funeral is about grieving , not grievance .
' i issue no mandates and i make no threats of discipline .
but i remind you that when you don the uniform of this department , you are bound by the tradition , honor , and decency that go with it .
protest : thousands of officers turned their backs during de blasio 's eulogy at rafael ramos ' funeral .
` the country 's consciousness of that funeral has focused on an act of disrespect shown by a fraction of those ... officers , ' he said .
` all officers were painted by it , and it stole the valor , honor , and attention that rightfully belonged to the memory of detective rafael ramos 's life and service .
` that was not the intent , i know .
but it was the result .
' last saturday , the new york city police department buried a hero .
tens of thousands of officers from our department and hundreds of other departments came to show respect for detective first grade rafael ramos .
his family witnessed the kind of love that only his second family in blue could display .
but for the last seven days , the city 's and the country 's consciousness of that funeral has