politicians make good liars because they manage to convince themselves they are telling the truth , a study has revealed .
and this has also made it easier to hoodwink the public because the best liars are the ones who do not realise they are lying , said the study .
from watergate to weapons of mass destruction -lrb- wmd -rrb- , world leaders have been guilty of untruths whether it is blatant lies or honest mistakes , it claims .
politicians make good liars because they convince themselves they are telling the truth , new research suggests .
the researchers say examples include bill clinton -lrb- left -rrb- lying about his affair with monica lewinsky and richard nixon claiming innocence over the watergate scandal which brought him down .
but they may have fooled themselves into believing , for instance , that iraq had wmd because it is what they wanted to believe , said political professor dr anna galeotti .
other examples include president bill clinton denying his affair with monica lewinsky and richard nixon claiming his innocence over the watergate scandal that brought him down .
in each case , politicians may have been guilty of self-deception , dr galeotti , of the university of eastern piedmont , italy , told the journal political studies .
everyone has their own in-built lie detector but it is easier to spot someone who is lying deliberately than someone who is lying without , perhaps , realising it , she added .
silvio berlusconi has been found guilty of paying for sex with an under-age dancer , called ruby .
he denies the charges .
because of this , politicians not only .
lie convincingly , but are still convinced they are telling the truth .
even after they have proved to have lied , the report added .
and it may be more common in politics that many realised .
dr galeotti said : ` self-deception is a type of motivated irrationality - the art of believing something simply because it is desired to be true when evidence points to the very opposite .
` the more convinced is a political leader , the more convincing he or she appears .
` a charismatic leader is persuasive in proportion to his convictions and faith ; a cynical , self-interested liar is more easily detected and can hardly become a