the message , as neil jenkins relaxed at his al fresco media conference overlooking rome 's central park , was that wales have not even thought about the maths .
the wales assistant coach insisted his squad are not interested in points - difference -- just winning a test match against italy .
they have piped a respectful tune towards today 's opponents but there is a title on the line and head coach warren gatland knows that his side must go for the juggernaut victory at the stadio olimpico .
the kiwi needs his back line to go full throttle and take every point they can to close the gap on england and ireland .
wales were heaped with praise for their defensive display last week but -- with the wingers in danger of not scoring a try all tournament for the first time since 1995 -- wing liam williams is ready to shift the focus towards attack .
liam williams insists wales will pile on the points against italy in rome .
neil jenkins says the first objective is to win the game .
` we know a lot of things need to happen , ' said williams .
` we are on first so we 'll go out , do the business and then sit back and watch the other matches .
it would be nice for one of us wingers to get on the scoresheet , but it is n't about me or george north getting across the line .
the only thing that matters is getting the job done .
' williams and north both scored during last year 's 51-3 rout of scotland on the final day of the competition .
a similar scoreline in rome would make gatland 's side big favourites for the title although they would have to wait for their reward as the new trophy is already at twickenham and its replica in edinburgh .
for williams , it is a chance to silence his critics once and for all .
the 23-year-old scarlet , formerly a blast-furnace worker , was targeted on social media during last year 's tour of south africa .
his shoulder charge gave the springboks a decisive penalty try and he was then sent off in his first club game of the season .
williams was ordered to improve his discipline and has subsequently conceded