it is said that women are from venus and men from mars , but the debate as to whether men and women 's brains really are different rages on .
tonight it is the subject of bbc 's horizon , which will feature a number of experts arguing that male and female behaviour is driven by biological differences , and others claiming it is caused by social conditioning .
the programme looks at the latest research - from into whether hormones in the womb make a developing foetus ' brain more ` masculine ' to how children naturally prefer to play with gender ` appropriate ' toys .
scroll down for video .
battle of the sexes : tonight 's horizon will look at differences between men and women 's brains -lrb- illustrated with a stock image -rrb- .
it will include the latest research about whether hormones in the womb make people 's brains more ` masculine ' and analytical , as well as men and women 's tolerance to pain .
clasp your hands together interlocking your fingers and look at which thumb is on top .
if your right thumb is on top , it suggests that the left half of your brain is dominant .
the left hemisphere is associated with logic , analysis , facts and verbal ability and is viewed as being more masculine .
if your left thumb is on top it suggests that the right half of your brain is dominant .
some studies suggest that a dominant right hemisphere of the brain makes a person more creative , intuitive and adept at analysing emotions - ` feminine ' traits .
all humans use a mixture of both hemispheres .
this experiment forms part of a larger bbc quiz examining how the brain works .
professor simon baron-cohen of cambridge university , whose research will be examined in the programme , believes there are two different brain types : ` empathisers ' who are good at reading what people are feeling , and ` systemisers ' who are best at analysing situations .
all humans are a mixture of the two , but men tend to be stronger systemisers than women , who are largely better empathisers , dr michael mosley explained .
this perhaps helps reinforce the stereotype that men are better at reading maps , while women are more adept