around this time of year most squirrels are busy burying acorns and preparing their nests for a nice long sleep through the winter .
but not these cheeky critters , who have been spotted doing the conga on the branch of a maple tree .
the three siblings , all from the same nest , were photographed by 50-year-old robert ganz in his back garden in quebec , canada .
robert ganz , 50 , a software support technician from quebec , canada , spotted these cheeky critters doing the conga on a maple tree in his back garden .
the software support technician watched on , camera in hand , as the trio then turned around to face the opposite direction .
after a few more seconds the grey squirrels glanced up at the higher branches before scurrying away after one-another .
eastern grey squirrels are native to eastern united states , as well as eastern parts of canada , including quebec .
the three siblings , who come from the same nest , formed into a line just in time for ganz to take pictures .
they have been introduced across most of the us and western canada now , as well as europe where they are considered a pest because they compete with native squirrels .
in britain the grey squirrel has almost competed the native red squirrel out of existence , and there are now programmes to trap and kill the grey variety to give the reds a chance of surviving .
despite their name , grey squirrels can actually be born with reddish fur , or even completely black .
sitting 7ft above the ground the trio followed their brother 's lead as he suddenly did an about-face .
they have large , bushy tales which they use for balance , to keep warm in the winter , as a sun shade and as a means of communication .
while they feed on leaf buds in the spring , with their particular favourite being maple leaves , at this time of year they mostly eat nuts and grains including acorns and beechnuts .
they also use autumn as an opportunity to bury food which they will then dig up in the spring .
the grey squirrels , quebec 's native species , then did some more of the conga facing the other way before scurrying