by .
corey charlton .
journalist richard durrett , who covered the texas rangers baseball team for more than 10 years , has died from a brain aneurysm aged 38 .
prominent espn dallas writer and baseball reporter richard durrett has died aged 38 from a brain aneurysm .
the journalist covered the texas rangers baseball team for espn since 2009 following his move from the dallas morning news .
the sudden death of the popular journalist has been met with dozens of tributes online from friends , bosses and work colleagues .
durrett leaves behind his wife kelly and two children , aged six and three .
the texas rangers released a statement saying they were ` shocked and saddened ' at the news .
` mr durrett covered the texas rangers with professionalism and integrity for the last decade , first for the dallas morning news and more recently for espndallas.com .
he earned the respect of team management and field personnel for his fair and thorough coverage on the rangers beat .
' the statement went on to describe durrett as a ` versatile journalist ' always willing to contribute to rangers publications and radio play-by-plays during the team 's spring training and regular season .
many people described him as a nice guy , and a ` gentleman ' whose only fault was being ` too nice ' .
chuck morgan tweeted : ` always enjoyed the writing of richard durrett , but enjoyed being around him even more .
a good friend , thoughts and prayers for his family .
' he added : ` richard interviewed me last thur .
-lrb- sic -rrb- he was excited that the wave messages were going on espn national .
fortunate to call him a friend .
' the dallas stars ice hockey team also offered its condolences , tweeting : ` our thoughts and prayers go out to the family of richard durrett .
a great writer and a great man .
you will be missed .
' espn published a statement from its vice president and editorial director , digital and print , patrick stiegman , who said durrett was extremely respected and well-liked .
` he was known for creativity and an exceptional work ethic throughout his espn tenure , and nearly a decade at the dallas morning news before that .
` he will