by .
amy oliver .
published : .
08:16 est , 16 may 2012 .
| .
updated : .
02:38 est , 17 may 2012 .
gone : karla walker was evicted from her rented home in prestwich , near manchester , after her out-of-control sons brought misery to neighbours for three years .
a single mother dubbed ` ma baker ' after she let her three feral young children run wild on a housing estate has been run out of town .
karla walker , 32 , was evicted from her rented home in prestwich , near manchester , after her out-of-control sons , now aged 11 , 12 and 13 , brought misery to neighbours for three years .
they invaded gardens , jumped on cars , vandalised fences and smashed windows .
one neighbour was wrongly branded a ` paedophile ' while another 's pet rabbit was mauled to death by the family dog .
police were inundated with complaints of loud music , late night parties and the youngsters hurling foul mouthed abuse .
but walker - named after the iconic mother kate ` ma ' barker who fiercely protected her four gangster children in the 1930s u.s. midwest - defied a string of legal warnings about her sons ' behaviour .
and today she hit back at the eviction saying her sons got the blame for all crime in the neighbourhood and she should have had ` more support ' from the authorities to curb her children 's behaviour .
she was taken to manchester county court after fed up locals compiled a diary detailing their ordeal .
during one 11-month period the children breached a court order telling them to behave 25 times .
a judge then gave walker a month to leave her house on the polefield estate before finally evicting her when she failed to leave .
she and her family are now in a hostel .
today walker said her sons got the blame for all crime in the neighbourhood and claimed she should have had ` more support ' from the authorities to curb her children 's behaviour .
but one neighbour , 53 , a fork lift truck driver who asked not be named for fear of reprisals said the behaviour of the children cost him his job and almost wrecked his marriage .
he said : `