thierry henry has brought an end to his illustrious playing career by announcing his retirement from professional football .
the former arsenal striker left new york red bulls at the end of the mls season and he will now take up a position at sky sports as a pundit .
the french forward joins sky 's already strong line-up of analysts including gary neville , jamie carragher and jamie redknapp .
thierry henry was arsenal 's leading scorer with 228 goals , 175 of those in the premier league .
henry has been confirmed as a full-time pundit for sky sports .
henry will be remembered as one of the best strikers the premier league has ever seen after what he achieved at arsenal .
having moved to north london from juventus in 1999 , the frenchman spent eight years as a gunner and became a legend at the club .
henry is the highest scorer in arsenal 's history with 228 goals in all competitions , 175 of those coming in the premier league .
he helped arsene wenger 's side win the premier league and fa cup double in 2002 and was also part of the invincible title-winning team of 2004 .
henry will be remembered as one of the best strikers ever to grace the premier league .
the french forward left new york red bulls at the end of the mls season after four years there .
henry and his former arsenal and france team-mate robert pires train at london colney late last year .
henry -lrb- second right -rrb- worked for the bbc as a pundit during the 2014 world cup in brazil .
the forward then spent three years at barcelona , winning two la liga titles and the champions league , before moving to new york red bulls in 2010 .
he returned to arsenal for a loan spell in january 2012 , scoring the winner against leeds in the fa cup and sunderland in the league .
but henry 's four-year stay in new york has now come to an end , and he will take up a role as an analyst with sky sports .
the frenchman said : ` i 've been fortunate enough to have had an amazing playing career with many incredible memories and now i ca n't wait for the next chapter to begin with sky sports