by .
sara malm .
published : .
06:28 est , 18 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:49 est , 20 december 2013 .
prince harry is coming home with a unique souvenir from his 200mile antarctic expedition - an impressive looking ginger beard .
the 29-year-old royal showed off his bushy facial hair during a tour of a south pole research centre shortly before departing for the uk .
prince harry returns to britain after finishing walking with the wounded 's south pole allied challenge , which saw him join a team of injured service personnel from the uk and two others from the commonwealth and the us , for a charity trek across antarctica .
scroll down for video .
prince hairy : harry , sporting a full beard , and fellow walking with the wounded trekkers , including the team us coach , swedish actor alexander skarsgard , were given a tour of nsf 's amundsen-scott pole station .
glorious : prince harry strokes his new-grown beard after completing the 200mile trek to the south pole with the walking with the wounded teams .
the us team was coached by true blood actor alexander skarsgård and the commonwealth team received celebrity support from actor dominic west .
all .
three teams arrived safely at the south pole at 1pm gmt on friday and .
were given a tour of the national science foundation 's amundsen-scott .
south pole station before flying back to their base camp .
the prince said : ` i 'm so proud , i 'm so chuffed and i 'm so privileged to be here with all these guys and girls .
` i think we 'll be having a few whiskies tonight and then everyone 's looking forward to getting home .
mission success .
' prince harry will camp out on the south pole before returning to the uk in time for christmas on december 23 .
work in progress : prince harry barely sported stubble when he arrived with team uk in novo , antarctica last month ahead for the 200mile trek .
brothers in beards : prince harry and team commonwealth coach , actor dominic west , during a kit weighing session in the early days of the challenge as the ` race ' element was suspended .
harry smiles : the bearded royal and us