by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
16:12 est , 27 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
16:34 est , 27 november 2012 .
he may be one of hockey 's rising stars , but detroit red wings prospect riley sheahan 's antics are raising eyebrows off-the-ice .
sheahan , 20 , of ontario , canada , who now plays with the red wings minor league affiliate the grand rapids griffins , was pulled over in a bizarre drunken driving arrest back on october 29 .
he later submitted to a breathalyzer test and blew a .30 - more than three times the legal limit - classifying him under michigan 's ` super drunk ' law -lrb- .17 or higher -rrb- .
busted : riley sheahan , pictured in his mugshot at left , and playing for notre dame at right , was charged with dui last month under michigan 's ` super drunk ' law .
mlive.com reported that if there is anything more shocking than his blood-alcohol level , it was his choice of attire - a purple teletubbies costume , that of tinky winky .
given the date of his arrest , it is likely that sheahan was driving to or from a halloween party , but that detail could not be verified .
if convicted , he faces up to 180 days in jail and may be booted back to canada .
when he was pulled over by officers , he allegedly handed over the driver 's license of brendan smith , a teammate and fellow red wings prospect .
odd behavior : when sheahan was arrested on october 29 , he was reportedly wearing a purple teletubbies costume , that of tinky winky .
police allege that sheahan was using the 23-year-old smith 's id so that he could drink alcohol .
the arresting officer wrote in the police report : ` riley is only 20 and i asked him if he had branden 's -lrb- sic -rrb- id so he could get in the bars .
he shook his head yes and stated `` yea .
'' ' mlive.com reported that sheahan pleaded not guilty to the charges of dui and providing false information to a police officer on november 6 .
his next court date is slated for december 13 .
when asked about sheahan 's arrest , red