when svelte stars like miranda kerr and megan fox reveal the secrets to their youthful glow and trim figures , we 're all ears .
when the a-listers came out in support of clean juices , the world converted to all things green quicker than you could say kale .
but the latest celebrity endorsed health tipple may be a little harder to stomach .
scroll down for video .
well , if it works for them !
miranda kerr , left , and megan fox , right , are big fans of apple cider vinegar and now , the tipple looks set to become the new big health drink after the first restaurant with a menu dedicated to the stuff has opened in london .
the latest way to lose weight and maintain a youthful glow in tinseltown is by sipping on a vinegar-infused drink every morning .
megan fox has said that because of her ` really big sweet tooth , ' she 'll sometimes cleanse with a combination of apple cider vinegar and water , claiming it ` cleans out your system ' .
superfood and clean living advocate miranda kerr drizzles it on her salad , while gwyneth paltrow and madonna are said to devour fermented tonics to keep their looks in check .
if you 're laughing into your coca-cola reading this , hold that thought because the first restaurant with a menu dedicated to fermented vinegar has opened up in london - and the founders are convinced it 's going to catch on .
testing , testing : the raw duck in london 's hackney is the first uk eatery to have a menu dedicated to ferments and they create different ones every day , which they say are extremely cleansing .
the raw duck in london 's hackney is the first uk eatery to have a menu dedicated to ferments - and apple cider vinegar with a little sugar and grated apple left to develop for three days is one of its most popular concoctions .
` these are deliciously cleansing and help aid digestion , ' owner rory mccoy told the metro .
` when we talk about probiotic , we think of those mass-produced yoghurts but these are the real thing .
people should know about them .
i try to drink a vinegar or eat a ferment every day for