senseless : delbert belton an 88-year-old veteran of world war ii was beaten to death outside the eagles lodge in spokane , and police have arrested two teens in connection with the murder .
a second teenager accused of taking part in the deadly beating of a world war ii veteran in washington state has been named following the arrest of his alleged accomplice .
thursday night , police arrested demetrius glenn , 16 , in connection to the slaying of 88-year-old delbert belton , who was savagely beaten with flashlights in the parking lot of his regular bar in spokane on wednesday .
belton , who was shot in the leg during the pivotal battle of the pacific campaign , passed away from serious head injuries thursday at sacred heart medical center in the city .
friday afternoon , authorities named a second suspect in the killing , identified as 16-year-old kenan adams kinard .
he currently remains at large .
police told belton 's daughter-in-law , bobby , .
that he was beaten with heavy flashlights in the assault which left him .
bleeding ` from every part of his face ' .
witnesses to the attack said that belton , who was going to play pool , was outside the eagles lodge at around 8pm when two male suspects set upon him .
a friend said the veteran had just pulled up and was waiting for a female friend so she did n't have to walk in alone .
suspects : demetrius glenn -lrb- left -rrb- , 16 , was arrested for the murder of delbert belton ; his alleged accomplice , 16-year-old kenan adams kinard -lrb- right -rrb- , is on the loose .
most wanted : police say adams-kinard was arrested after a four day man-hunt .
surrender : glenn turned himself in to police custody through his lawyer .
` it .
does appear random .
he was in the parking lot , it appears he was .
assaulted in the parking lot and there was no indication that he would .
have known these people prior to the assault , ' spokane police major .
crimes detective lieutenant mark griffiths said .
on thursday evening , police released surveillance photos of the two suspects , glenn and kinard .
adams-kinard 's attorney objected to him being placed in adult prison .
glenn faces