device was a flash drive stuck in clay with wires sticking out .
nypd says object was deliberately meant to cause alarm and disruption .
no buildings were evacuated and bomb squad left within an hour .
by .
james daniel .
published : .
15:11 est , 15 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:11 est , 15 march 2013 .
police are looking for a man who deliberately attached a ` suspicious looking device ' to a barrier outside a building on wall street this morning .
parts of the financial district in lower manhattan had to be sealed off after a call was made to police about a suspicious object being found .
a two block radius around 40 wall street was shut down just after 10 a.m. deserted : although no buildings were evacuated , the placing of a ` suspicious looking object ' lead to several streets being sealed off while the nypd bomb squad investigated .
the nypd bomb squad responded to the call but it turned out to be a false alarm .
sources say the object appeared to be a small flash hard drive with a circuit board and wires wrapped in putty , fixed to a barrier .
hoax device : the nypd have confirmed the object was made of clay with a flash drive attached to it and wires sticking out .
paul browne from the nypd said there was no doubt the item was left to cause alarm : ` the way it was done , where it was placed .
and its components were done in a way to give the impression of some .
sort of explosive device .
they probably intended to cause some kind of disruption but no evacuations were required and the street reopened about an hour later .
' lower manhattan : wall street is the home to the new york stock exchange , the world 's largest - the area has some of manhattan 's tallest buildings and narrowest streets in the city .
sealed off : an area of two blocks around 40 wall street was sealed off at 10am on friday morning .
the disruption only lasted for one hour before the street was reopened once again .
the barrier was in front of the trump building which is one of the tallest office buildings in lower manhattan