published : .
11:24 est , 24 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:33 est , 24 february 2013 .
a good samaritan braved the freezing waters of lake michigan risking his own safety to rescue a confused dog wandering on ice floats .
spotting pifas , a three-year-old stranded golden retriever mix half-a-mile out on the lake , dave kehnast , 37 , did n't think twice about donning his wetsuit and jumping aboard his kayak to rescue the stricken dog on friday .
as the chicago fire department went through safety procedures , kehnast cut through the ice with his raft and herded the dog back to shore through the perishing waters of the lake off the loyola park section of chicago .
scroll down for video .
pifas is filmed by news cameras adrift on ice floats in the freezing waters of lake michigan .
dave kehnast tried to get the dog to listen to his commands - but pifas was scared and confused .
rescued : pifas the dog was reunited with his owner at a chicago animal care and control center on friday evening - he will be allowed home on sunday .
news cameras captured the heartwarming rescue at 4.30 p.m. on friday - which included hand-in-mouth moments as pifas the dog fell into the water on occasion , clearly struggling with exhaustion .
' i was up on the fire escape there on the seventh floor up there and i saw him way out there and so i grabbed the kayak over here and i know that the lake is only a couple of feet deep all the way out to where the ice shelf ends so i knew i 'd be fine , ; kehnast explained to fox news .
more ... 100 people rescued after being stranded on dallas zoo monorail for an hour .
` it is like with a child ' : meet the colombian woman raising an orphaned monkey by keeping it nuzzled next to her 24 hours a day .
` and so i grabbed the kayak and went out there .
' lost by owner nerijus steponavicius over a week before while out on a walk , pifas was hungry and confused when kehnast made his rescue .
watched by a news camera onboard a helicopter - dave kehnast and pifas made their way