by .
ashley collman and associated press .
published : .
12:00 est , 24 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:35 est , 25 august 2013 .
a popular pennsylvania math teacher wo n't be retuning for the new school year after he went missing last month during a backpacking trip in california .
nazareth area high school teacher matthew greene , 39 , disappeared while backpacking through the eastern sierra mountains on july 16 .
greene arrived in the area on june 27 to climb with friends , but when his suburau broke down they continued on while he stayed behind at a campground near mammoth lakes to wait for repairs .
lost : pennsylvania math teacher matthew greene went missing while hiking with friends through the eastern sierra mountains in california last month .
on his own : greene was a math teacher at nazareth area high school .
when his car broke down near mammoth lakes , he had the rest of the group continue on without him so he could get it repaired .
the last time he had contact with anyone was on july 16 when he called his parents and the car repair shop and exchanged text messages with friends .
his friends realized he was missing when he failed to meet up with them as planned .
they then discovered that his car had been repaired but he never picked it up and he had n't returned to the shady rest campground for over a week .
friends and family say that greene was ` no novice ' when it came to outdoor skills and made the trip west every summer to climb in california , nevada and utah .
off the grid : the lat time anyone heard from greene was on july 16 when he called his parents , the car repair shop and exchanged text messages with a friend .
above , an older picture of greene and his car .
where did he go ?
friends realized he was missing when he failed to rendezvous according to plan and his fixed car was never picked up from the repair shop .
he also had n't been seen at the shady rest campground for over a week .
no novice : friends and family find greene 's disappearance suspicious since he was a skilled outdoorsman and spent