joseph garrett , 23 , pictured , earns a living by filming himself playing minecraft from his bedroom before uploading the clips to youtube .
forget justin bieber , the latest youtube star is a university graduate from portsmouth who plays minecraft full-time .
joseph garrett , 23 , earns a living by filming himself playing minecraft and uploading the .
clips to youtube .
his channel now has more than 1.9 million subscribers , receives in excess of 5 million hits a day and is voted one of the top 10 most viewed channels worldwide - pulling more hits than one direction and justin bieber .
garrett began playing minecraft and uploading his videos 18 months ago .
when his channel stampylonghead reached 10,000 subscribers he quit his job at a local pub to manage the channel full time .
garrett is now sent , on average , 3,000 messages a day from gamers who watch videos of his character stampy cat asking for tips .
he makes money pocketing a share of the advertising .
revenue from his videos , called ` let 's play ' clips , and is looking to buy a studio with a friend who also appears in his videos .
garrett , who has a degree in tv and video production , currently uploads at least one 20-minute video a day .
` when i was at university i switched over to doing what i do now , called a ` let 's play ' .
you are essentially just playing and commentating while you play , just as a fun hobby .
` when those videos started to become popular , i started monetising them .
that started to grow and ended up snowballing and that 's how i got to where i am now .
' scroll down for video .
minecraft launched in 2009 .
at the start of the game , a player is put into a ` virtually infinite game world .
' they can then walk around and build towns and cities .
the game was initially made for the pc but there are now xbox 360 and mobile versions available , pictured .
joseph garrett , pictured , also known as stampylonghead has a degree in tv and video production .
he currently uploads at least one 20-minute video a day using his bedroom studio .