by .
claire bates .
published : .
07:37 est , 18 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:03 est , 18 january 2013 .
injured troops and cancer patients were given a massive boost this week after receiving a surprise visit from david beckham .
the international footballer dropped in for a secret visit at queen elizabeth hospital birmingham on wednesday .
he accompanied actor ray winstone , known for his tough guy roles in films such as sexy beast and the departed .
both arrived via a back entrance so as not to cause chaos in reception .
scroll down for video .
david beckham meets patient adam woods at the teenage cancer trust young persons unit .
david beckham met medical staff at queen elizabeth hospital birmingham and happily posed for snaps .
mr winstone had told his footballing friend about the visit when they met up just before christmas and invited him along .
' i said `` great '' as obviously i 'm not playing at the moment so i had the time , ' beckham said .
the pair spent around an hour and a half .
visiting patients and their families on the mixed .
trauma ward .
they also met a number of staff from the royal centre for .
defence medicine , where injured troops are flown from afghanistan for treatment .
beckham chatted about christmas and football while he signed autographs , including one staff-members uniform .
the father-of-four went on to the .
teenage cancer trust young persons unit at the hospital , where he .
chatted with patients aged 16 to 24 years and the staff caring for them .
beckham with patient james freeman .
earlier the footballer met injured soldiers and staff .
david beckham signs a shirt during his visit : medical staff said the occasion really boosted morale .
adam woods , 21 , james freeman , 21 , and kieran beard , 23 , all from birmingham , were among the cancer patients who met beckham who agreed cheerfully to pose for photos .
speaking afterwards beckham , who visited soldiers in afghanistan in 2010 , said : ` the troops are very positive about life and their future .
so it really has been inspiring .
` we talked about what they did at christmas and what i did at