by .
mark staniforth , press association .
belfast boxer paddy barnes believes the sport 's world governing body will vote to bring back headguards after a commonwealth games campaign marred by a series of high-profile cuts .
barnes breezed into his second consecutive light-flyweight final with a unanimous decision win over uganda 's fazil kaggwa .
but earlier in the day he watched his friend michael conlan scrape through against welshman sean mcgoldrick on a technical decision after sustaining a bad cut over his right eye from an accidental headbutt .
safety : northern ireland 's paddy barnes -lrb- pictured -rrb- believes that helmets will have to be brought back to the sport by the authorities .
dangerous : several boxers , including michael conlan -lrb- left -rrb- , have suffered vicious cuts without helmets .
and northern ireland lightweight joe fitzpatrick also required treatment to a gash beneath his left eye after a straightforward win over michael alexander of trinidad .
conlan in particular now faces a race against time to be fit for saturday 's bantamweight final against england 's qais ashfaq , and barnes believes a u-turn on the decision is inevitable .
barnes said : ' i think headguards will be back .
it 's great to see them off because it 's better to watch , but it 's impossible to fight so many times in so few days without headguards on - it 's ridiculous .
' conlan , who also suffered a cut to the top of his head in his first round win over matthew martin , is convinced he will be able to compete in the final .
' i felt the cut straight away but it was cleaned up well by the doctor and i will be in the ring tomorrow , ' conlan said .
` i 've never been cut on the face or the head in my life until this tournament so it 's a bit unfortunate , but i 've had it glued and it will be okay .
' i was happy with the way i boxed before it was stopped and i am just happy to be in the final .
tomorrow is going to be a golden day .
' arms aloft : joe fitzpatrick -lrb- left -rrb- also suffered cuts in his bout before prevailing , again heightening safety worries .