you may have experienced the eye-watering pain of an ingrown toenails , but imagine if you weighed 15,000 lbs -lrb- 7,000 kg -rrb- .
scientists are working to prevent painful and potentially deadly foot diseases in captive elephants by finding the best way to trim their feet .
wild elephants benefit from walking long distances on different surfaces and rubbing their feet in abrasive dirt , but their captive peers can experience problems without these ` natural pedicures ' .
scroll down for video .
scientists are working to prevent painful and potentially deadly foot diseases in captive elephants by finding the best way to trim their feet -lrb- a stock image is shown -rrb- .
captive elephants ' feet are routinely trimmed to counter the effects of walking on unnatural ground in restricted spaces , but experts are trying to perfect the most functional pachyderm pedicure .
dr olga panagiotopoulou , from the university of queensland 's school of biomedical sciences , is working with collaborators around the world to understand how captivity influences elephant foot form and function , as well as identifying the best method of preventative foot trimming .
` elephants are the largest terrestrial mammals alive today and can weigh up to eight tonnes , with their whole body mass supported by their tiny feet , ' dr panagiotopoulou said .
wild elephants -lrb- a stock image is shown -rrb- benefit from walking long distances on various surfaces and rubbing their feet in dirt , but their captive peers can experience problems without these ` natural pedicures ' pressure plates were transported to the adventures with elephants safari park in south africa -lrb- pictured -rrb- to study the foot pressures of elephants kept in semi-wild conditions with natural terrains .
` we know that when these large animals walk , a huge amount of pressure is applied to their feet .
earlier this month , researchers found that elephants excel at identifying explosives by smell , stirring speculation about whether their extraordinary ability could save lives .
elephants could be used to detect land mines in areas that have seen conflict and could even do so at a distance with the aid of drones .
three elephants passed smell tests conducted on a game reserve in south africa .
sniffing at buckets , they were rewarded with a treat of marula - a tasty fruit