a 17-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of committing two rapes at a # 32,000-a-year boarding school , it was revealed tonight .
the teenager was detained and has since been released on bail following the allegations at the private repton school in derbyshire , which was attended by top gear presenter jeremy clarkson .
the school , which also includes author roald dahl and actor tom chambers among its alumni , caters for male and female boarding and day pupils aged 13 to 18 and dates back to 1559 .
probe : the teenager was detained after the allegations at the private repton school -lrb- above -rrb- in derbyshire .
a derbyshire police spokesman said : ` officers investigating allegations of sexual offences at repton school have arrested a 17-year-old youth .
` the youth was arrested by officers on tuesday on suspicion of committing two rapes .
he was questioned and released on police bail while enquiries continue .
' the allegations date back to october 4 .
headmaster robert holroyd said : ` i can confirm that a police investigation is currently being conducted into an alleged sexual offence at repton school .
top gear presenter : jeremy clarkson -lrb- pictured -rrb- achieved nine o-levels as a boarder at repton in the 1970s .
days gone by : repton school pictured in the 1930s .
fees are now # 10,547 per term for boarding students .
` the welfare of the pupils in our care is our overriding priority , and we are giving the police all the assistance we can in this matter .
' he added : ` the investigation does not involve any member of staff , past or present .
as you will appreciate , given the police investigation , it would not be appropriate for me to comment further at this stage .
' clarkson achieved nine o-levels as a repton boarder in the 1970s , but claimed in an autobiography to have been expelled before taking his a-levels for ` drinking , smoking and making a general nuisance ' of himself .
repton charges # 10,547 per term -lrb- # 31,641 per year -rrb- for boarding students , and # 7,825 per term -lrb- # 23,475 per year -rrb- for day students .
it currently has 665 pupils - 364 boys and 301 girls .
sorry we are not currently