after 15 months in orbit the u.s air force 's highly secret unmanned space plane successfully touched down yesterday , and it 's highly anticipated landing was caught on film .
the military 's unmanned x-37b robotic space shuttle returned from orbit at 5:48 a.m. in california from a secretive test flight .
and now officials from the vandenberg air force base have released a short video of the smooth landing .
the first part of the 1.17 minute video , which captured the plane 's final descent , is shot in infrared light .
scroll down for video .
home : the military 's unmanned x-37b robotic space shuttle returned from orbit at 5:48 a.m. saturday in california from a secretive test flight , air force officials confirmed .
back : an infrared view shows the x-37b unmanned spacecraft landing at california 's vandenberg air force base , 130 miles northwest of los angeles .
the plane 's belly and nose glow bright orange showing the retained heat from piercing through the earth 's atmosphere .
after .
the plane touches down the film switches out of the infrared light , .
showing the shuttle in good shape after its mysterious mission .
the .
miniature space plane touched down at california 's vandenberg air force .
base , 130 miles northwest of los angeles .
it was only the second u.s. vehicle to make an autonomous runway landing from space .
the space plane , also known as orbital test vehicle-2 , or otv-2 , fired its engine to slip .
out of orbit , then pierced through the atmosphere and glided down the .
runway - just as an ordinary airplane would .
` with the retirement of the space .
shuttle fleet , the x-37b otv program brings a singular capability to .
space technology development , ' said lieutenant colonel tom mcintyre , .
x-37b program manager .
` the return capability allows the air force to .
test new technologies without the same risk commitment faced by other .
programs .
we 're proud of the entire team 's successful efforts to bring .
this mission to an outstanding conclusion .
' the military 's first x-37b debuted .
in 2010 and autonomously landed at vandenberg after 224 days in space .
smooth landing : the unmanned air force space plane steered itself to