newsagent jarrett rivers made headlines when he scored blyth spartans ' fa cup winner against hartlepool united , and it has earned the 21-year-old the offer of his first professional contract .
oldham athletic missed out on convicted rapist ched evans last week but turned their attention to rivers by allowing the winger that works in his mother 's newsagents to have a week 's trial .
and blyth manager tom wade confirmed a different league one club made a bid for rivers on monday night after his 90th-minute winner during a televised 2-1 win over hartlepool in december .
jarrett rivers ' winner saw blyth spartans cause an fa cup upset against league two outfit hartlepool .
a last-minute winner by rivers saw blyth spartans cause an fa cup upset against hartlepool at the vic .
blyth booked their place in the third round of the fa cup with a last-minute winner against hartlepool .
five other clubs from league one and two are chasing the former middlesbrough academy player after rivers impressed in the next round during blyth 's 3-2 fa cup defeat against birmingham city .
he single-handedly created the opening goal during that match with a run into the box , and manager wade feels recognition from professional clubs is the least his starlet deserves .
` he 's a quiet lad .
he 's not a big-time charlie , ' wade told sportsmail on tuesday .
` he scored his winner against hartlepool in the last couple of minutes and it never got to his head .
` the trial so far is going really well .
there has been a bid put in from another club , which came last night .
then there 's another five clubs after him .
phil neville was on commentator duty for the bbc and posed with the match-winner afterwards .
blyth manager tom wade pictured during their fa cup upset at victoria park against hartlepool .
` there 's definitely a bid on the table now , which i discussed last night , and that 's a league one side .
' i just think he 's a pretty positive player .
he 's got great feet , great pace , he can score goals .
he can play through the middle , play on the right-hand side or left-hand side , and his commitment to hard