by .
jo whiley .
a young researcher has re-opened the world 's most southerly post office in antarctica today , 50 years after it was abandoned .
anna malaos , 30 , is operating as polar postmistress from a hut on detaille island on the antarctic peninsula , which has no telephone , internet access , electricity or running water .
she is operating the post office , which will provide an international mail service , from a historic british base on a tiny outcrop of rock , surrounded by icebergs , glaciers and minke whales .
postmistress : anna malaos , 30 , will work from the wooden hut on detaille island on the antarctic peninsula , which has no telephone , internet access , electricity or running water .
the world 's most southerly post office has re opened in antarctica today 50 years after it was abandoned .
anna , an expert in antarctica and on secondment from her job as operations manager at the antarctic heritage trust , is working in temperatures of minus 10c , which she says makes ` sticking stamps very tricky .
' ` it 's .
an honour to be a polar postmistress ' said anna , from cambridge .
` detaille .
island was a british base built in the 1950s and , like every other .
british base built during that time , it had its own post office .
` it 's a privilege to be able to re-open it after all this time and reconnect the building with the world .
' the isolated post office was closed in 1959 when solid sea ice prevented the base from being restocked for the season .
the huts at detaille island were built in 1956 to provide a base from which to survey the antarctic peninsula .
the science undertaken at this station contributed geological and meteorological findings to the work of the international geophysical year of cooperation in 1957 .
but it was closed in 1959 when solid sea ice prevented the base from being restocked for the season .
the men abandoned the base , taking with them only personal possessions and everything else was left behind .
today , the base provides an important reminder of the science and living conditions that existed when the antarctic treaty was signed 50 years ago .
` we