by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
14:13 est , 8 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
14:13 est , 8 september 2012 .
though no stranger to crude humour , several tweets by american pie star jason biggs have gotten him in hot water .
during last week 's republican national convention , he made several extremely vulgar tweets about the wives of presidential candidate mitt romney and vice presidential candidate paul ryan , causing an outcry on the microblogging site .
and because biggs now works for children 's entertainment network nickelodeon as the voice of leonardo in the upcoming teenage mutant ninja turtles series , the company was forced to issue an apology .
scroll down for video .
cowabunga : jason biggs , pictured with teenage mutant ninja turtle leonard , and his new employer nickelodeon have been forced to apologise after biggs tweeted a series of ` vulgar ' things about the rnc .
during last week 's rnc , biggs was one of millions of americans watching mitt and ann romney take the stage .
but unlike those millions , he tweeted a series of extremely vulgar things about the candidates ' wives .
mailonline has chosen to not publish images of the tweets , which have since been deleted from biggs ' account .
the official publicity twitter account to teenage mutant ninja turtles mentioned biggs ' account on september 1 , encouraging followers to visit his site .
mediate reports that fox news host megyn kelly picked up on his shocking comments , and was appalled by the actor 's tweets .
she called him a ` disgusting pig ' on the air .
parental groups and conservatives .
then took to the warpath , calling for biggs to be fired from his spot on .
the upcoming nickelodeon television series .
on .
wednesday , nickelodeon issued a statement on the drama , saying : ` the .
offensive comments made by jason biggs last week on his personal twitter .
account do not reflect our company 's views or values , and we condemn .
them .
inappropriate : biggs was forced to take the vulgar tweets about ann romney , left , and janna ryan , right , down from his twitter site , which was linked to the tnmt promotional twitter feed .
bye