by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
deputy prime minister nick clegg said it was wrong to think british troops could be sent to ` sort ' the problems in iraq .
britain will not repeat the ` mistake ' of the 2003 iraq war by sending troops to deal with the uprising by al qaeda-inspired militants , nick clegg warned today .
the deputy prime minister rejected the idea of the uk becoming involved in tackling the islamic state of iraq and the levant group which has already seized iraq 's second biggest city mosul and saddam hussein 's hometown of tikrit .
today the group boasted it had full control of kirkuk while its leaders boasted it step up their drive towards the capital baghdad .
more than a decade after tony blair 's decision to join george w. bush 's invasion , leaders on both sides of the atalantic are reluctant to become embroiled in a new conflict in iraq .
iraqi prime minister nouri al-maliki has appealed for help from the international community .
but mr clegg insisted this would not involve british troops returning to iraqi soil .
speaking on his lbc radio phone-in , mr clegg said : ` we provide help to the iraqi government .
we provide training and equipment and so on .
` i have no idea what the iraqi government will be asking of others in terms of the material support they need or the training they need .
` if in one way or another the invasion of iraq in the first place has contributed to the instability in iraq more widely , should we be going back in to try and sort it ?
` i do n't think having made one mistake you repeat it by making another one .
` that does n't mean that i have a perfectly packaged solution for this .
' the ruthless rebel al qaida splinter group this week took control of second city mosul and saddam 's home city of tikrit as part of an effort to set up a sunni militant enclave across the iraq/syria border .
foreign secretary william hague yesterday dismissed suggestions that the uk had a duty to intervene because of its previous role in the iraq war .
` you ca n't say the crisis was created by invading it and then