a jealous boyfriend who bit through his girlfriend 's lip in a vicious attack when she ended their relationship has been jailed for eight years .
chanttelle ward , 18 , was convinced her top lip had come off when rhys culley , of south shields , tyneside , bit her after going in for a kiss and asking if she loved him during the prolonged and violent attack .
newcastle crown court heard how 23-year-old culley had been jealous and insecure about what his girlfriend of more than two years was up to while he was working away when he launched the attack .
scroll down for video .
rhys culley , 23 , -lrb- left -rrb- of south shields , tyneside , was jailed for eight years at newcastle crown court after biting chanttelle ward , 18 , -lrb- right -rrb- in a violent and prolonged act after she tried to end their relationship .
miss ward and culley had been together for more than two years when the attack occurred on february 22 .
during the trial , jurors saw pictures of angry teeth marks in miss ward 's upper lip .
they also heard how culley smeared his victim 's own blood around her face and forced his tongue in her mouth during the attack on february 22 .
the shopfitter , who had been in a relationship with miss ward for over two years , denied wounding with intent but was found guilty in september .
he returned to court today to be sentenced and was jailed for eight years .
recorder caroline wigin told him : ` the relationship was about to have pressure placed on it because of your departure for a job in the shetland isles .
` you showed mounting and unwarranted jealousy towards miss ward , demanding to see messages on her phone and you then began to assault her .
` you slapped her , you threatened to hit her with a vodka bottle and chased her around the house , throwing her across the sofa .
` you punched her in the face .
` this part of the evening took approximately one hour and in my opinion if formed part of a sustained assault on her .
chanttelle ward -lrb- pictured prior to the attack -rrb- was left with scarring and needed counselling after the attack .