a woman who has accused bill cosby of sexually assaulting her in the 1970s filed a defamation lawsuit wednesday against the comedian , alleging he ` publicly branded ' her a liar through statements made by his lawyer and publicist .
tamara green said in the lawsuit filed in federal court in springfield that cosby drugged and assaulted her when she was an aspiring model and singer .
she said wednesday that she hoped the lawsuit would help her finally establish the truth about what happened .
green first spoke publicly about the alleged attack in 2005 .
after she did media interviews , cosby 's lawyer and publicist made statements intended to expose her to public contempt and ridicule , she said in her lawsuit .
scroll down for video .
plaintiff : tamara green , seen wednesday in a video link during a press conference , is alleging bill cosby ` publicly branded ' her a liar through statements made by his lawyer and publicist .
comedian : bill cosby , 77 , is the only defendant in the defamation suit filed by tamara green .
he has never been charged in connection with any sexual assault allegations .
the attorney , walter m. phillips jr. , declined to comment .
he said he represented cosby in 2005 , but no longer does so .
messages left for the publicist , david brokaw , were n't immediately returned .
cosby , who is 77 and has a home in shelburne falls in western massachusetts , is the lawsuit 's only defendant .
the comedian has never been charged in connection with any sexual assault allegations .
in 2005 , he settled a civil case filed by andrea constand , a former employee at temple university in philadelphia .
green was one of a dozen women who were prepared to testify in constand 's lawsuit that cosby sexually assaulted them .
through his representatives , cosby has denied renewed allegations by women alleging decades-old assaults .
green 's attorney , joseph cammarata , held a news conference in washington , d.c. , on wednesday , and green appeared at it via video .
she said it was important for her to prove that she is not lying .
` all of this time , there 's always been a slight doubt in everyone 's mind as to the veracity