a 14-year-old florida boy had been bullied for years leading up to his wednesday night suicide said an attorney for his family .
attorney matt morgan said the 14-year-old boy who committed suicide wednesday had long been the victim of bullying .
the greenwood lakes middle school student had been ' a small child due to health complications at an early age , ' attorney matt morgan told reporters .
` this made him an easy target for cruel and mean-spirited bullies , ' he added .
morgan told clickorlando that the boy 's history of being bullied in new york was one reason the family moved to florida .
but the torture continued until this week 's tragedy .
` the conduct of these bullies is morally reprehensible , ' morgan said .
` bullying has become an epidemic in our country which needs to be .
recognized and acted upon .
' a news conference to further address the death will be held at 9 a.m. monday .
those gathered will include tricia norman , who 's daughter rebecca sedwick killed herself after being bullied .
the 14-year-old boy was discovered dead from a self-inflicted gunshot wound in a middle school bathroom wednesday night .
according .
to seminole county sheriff 's office , the child 's mother drove to .
greenwood lakes middle school in lake mary to pick up her son at around .
5pm , but could not find him .
the .
boy 's family then set out scouring the neighborhood for him , but to no .
avail .
two hours later , the 14-year-old was reported missing to police .
according to seminole county sheriff 's office , the child 's mother drove to greenwood lakes middle school in lake mary to pick up her son at around 5pm , but could not find him .
sheriff 's .
deputies were dispatched to greenwood lakes middle school to search the .
campus , where they eventually came upon the missing boy , who was found .
in a men 's room stall with a bullet wound to the head .
the grisly discovery was made four hours after the middle-schooler was reported missing by his mother , wesh-tv reported .
greenwood .
lakes principal debra abbott released a statement on the school 's .
website and facebook page announcing the student 's