by .
lucy thackray .
' a loving mentor ' : philomene tiernan was on the mh17 flight when it was shot out of the sky by suspected terrorists .
sister philomene tiernan spent her life inspiring the young girls she oversaw at a girls ' high school in sydney .
as news of the tragic mh17 flight broke , it soon became clear the dedicated catholic nun was among the 28 australians on board who lost their lives when the plane was shot out of the sky over ukraine .
here her former student , daily mail australia reporter lucy thackray , gives a first-hand account of what made her favourite mentor so special ... ` sister philomene tiernan was one of those all-too-rare people that made everyone she met feel special .
we knew her as sister phil and she was the kindest person i 'm sure i will ever come across .
she was the loving nanna of kincoppal-rose bay school in sydney 's eastern suburbs , who seemed to possess an inbuilt radar for any homesick girl who had just arrived at the boarding school .
sister phil had that special ability to make us all feel at home .
this is undoubtedly the hardest thing i 've ever had to write , and i think that 's because i just do n't feel my words can do justice to what an amazing woman she really was .
sister phil was cherished by so many people .
today , i am in complete shock and at a loss for a woman that had such a huge impact on thousands of girls who passed through the big school gates .
sister phil never stopped working .
she had once been a director of boarding and boarding mistress , responsible for caring for the boarders who came to the school from around the world .
scroll down for video .
` inspiration ' : philomene tiernan , pictured left , was a mentor at kincoppal-rose bay girls ' school in sydney .
lucy thackray , pictured right , is one of the many students she oversaw during her time at the institution .
dedicated : philomene tiernan , pictured centre with former colleagues , was a boarding mistress and responsible for caring for those who boarded at the school .
but the truth is she never really left