by .
sarah harris .
white working-class pupils are becoming increasingly marginalised by multicultural curriculums , a report has found .
white working-class pupils are becoming increasingly marginalised by multicultural curriculums , a report has warned .
they are being turned off school by lessons that celebrate diversity but do not ` reflect the culture and lives ' of their own community .
the problem is being compounded by growing up in ` a small world ' with low parental expectations and an early ` language deficit ' which sees youngsters arriving at primary school talking only in ` grunts ' .
it means white working-class pupils end up being outperformed by every major ethnic group at gcses , according to the research by lambeth council and goldsmiths , university of london .
researchers interviewed 25 head teachers and deputies ; 51 teachers and teaching assistants ; 10 governors ; 39 white working-class parents and 61 pupils at 14 schools in lambeth , south london .
parents ` lamented a lack of white culture reflected in school life which perpetuated the marginalisation they felt within their communities ' .
the report , raising the achievement of white working class pupils , said many parents felt isolated within a ` diverse ' community and declared themselves as the new ` ethnic group ' .
however , they were also being marginalised by middle-class parents who took up places at facilities such as children 's centres .
schools and parents felt curriculums did not ` reflect the culture and lives of white working class children ' .
a headteacher said : ` there has been much emphasis in recent years on elements of black history and a celebration of cultural days such as portuguese day .
there has been nothing for the british culture .
this might have led to a sense of them losing their identity .
' another said : ` it is very difficult for the white children to identify culturally with the other , more dominant , cultures in the school .
they aspire to eminem or street culture and i would say that a lot of their role models are black .
they speak in south london patois .
' the report , by dr feyisa demie , head of research at lambeth council , and dr kristin lewis , of goldsmiths , university of london ,