much of the east coast was chilled down this weekend by an early nor'easter that brought unseasonably cold weather to the region .
but maine was the hardest hit , with much of the central and eastern parts of the state receiving more about a foot of snow .
the snow started falling around 8am sunday morning , and did n't stop until early monday .
while most of the snowfall had stopped my noon on monday , 80,000 residents were still without power thanks to 40mph gusts and heavy snow which knocked down trees and power lines .
all of this happened seven weeks ahead of winter , which officially starts december 21 , and pictures posted online monday morning show a strange mix of fall foliage above a thick blanket of snow on the ground .
scroll down for video .
getting their shovels out early : much of maine was covered in a foot of snow on sunday , during an early nor'easter storm .
above , residents in palermo , maine dig out snow on their property on sunday .
road block : the heavy and wet snow combined with gusts over 40mph caused trees to fall on the road and downed power lines throughout the region , leaving some 80,000 without power monday morning .
time for snow tires : the snow-packed roads caused about a dozen car accidents on sunday , but most appeared to be minor .
above , police officers help drivers after a two vehicle accident in winslow , maine on sunday .
crash : this truck slid off snow covered u.s. route 202 in troy , struck a tree stump and came to rest on top of it on sunday .
a nearby motorist said the driver was not injured and had given him a ride to his nearby home .
cary , maine , near the northeastern border with canada , received the most snow with a whopping 21 inches on the first weekend of november .
eighteen other towns in maine recorded 12 inches or more of snow in the storm .
the towns of bangor and caribou both set records for earliest double-digit snowfall days , with 12 inches and 10.1 inches respectively , the national weather service office in caribou announced .
the counties of penobscot , hancock , knox , and lincoln were the hardest