the grief-stricken friend of a murdered teenage girl was jailed today for setting fire to his home so he could be ` with her ' .
devastated luke morgan , 22 , was so upset by the rape and murder of pregnant nikitta grender that he torched his own house in a suicide bid .
morgan was the best friend of nikitta , 19 , who was raped and murdered by nightclub bouncer carl whant .
luke morgan -lrb- left -rrb- , 22 , was so upset by the rape and murder of pregnant nikitta grender -lrb- right -rrb- that he torched his own house in a suicide bid .
cardiff crown court was told morgan was so overcome with ` extreme grief ' after the tragedy he set fire to his own home .
he told police : ' i do n't want to be here , i just want to be with nikitta .
' whant , 28 , was found guilty of murder , rape and destroying nikitta 's unborn baby kelsey-may who was due just two weeks after the 2011 tragedy .
the former nightclub bouncer set fire to nikitta 's home in newport , south wales , to cover his tracks .
he was jailed for life with a minimum tariff of 35 years in march last year .
morgan .
set fire to a shoe box at the council house he shared with his mother .
when he was alone in the house - but panicked and fled when the blaze .
took hold .
nikitta 's unborn baby kelsey-may was due just two weeks after the 2011 tragedy .
carl whant -lrb- pictured -rrb- was jailed for life with a minimum tariff of 35 years for the murder and rape of nikitta .
he alerted neighbours , who called the emergency services , but the family dog perished in the smoke-filled house .
consultant psychologist dr angela phillips said morgan was suffering with post traumatic stress disorder after nikitta 's tragic murder .
she said he is undergoing cognitive behavioural therapy to deal with anxiety and was on medication for depression .
morgan , from newport , south wales , was jailed for three years after admitting arson and being reckless as to whether life could have been endangered .
former nightclub bouncer whant set fire to nikitta 's home in newport ,