a 14-year-old boy has been arrested after a video of an assault on another pupil who desperately tried to defend himself was posted online .
the facebook clip appears to show a teenager from winifred holtby school in hull , east yorkshire , repeatedly hitting another boy , lashing out six times with his fists and headbutting him twice .
pupils have condemned the 27-second video taken on a school bus , which has been shared more than 200 times , with nearly 700 facebook users expressing their anger and sadness over the attack .
scroll down for video .
attack : the clip appears to show a teenager from winifred holtby school in hull repeatedly hitting another boy .
video : the boy can be seen in the clip lashing out six times with his fists and headbutting his victim twice .
the boy allegedly being assaulted , who was said to suffer from learning difficulties , could be heard repeatedly saying that he did not want an argument .
he did not fight back at any point of the video .
some commenters suggested the aggressor could be assaulted himself because so many people are angered by the clip , which showed the attacker eventually being pulled away by another pupil .
humberside police acted after being made aware of the video , with officers going to the school to arrest a 14-year-old boy and interview him .
he was bailed and has not been charged .
mike birkenshaw , winifred holtby 's deputy head for community , said staff at the school were ` liaising with the appropriate authorities in dealing with this extremely unpleasant incident ' .
brutal : pupils have condemned the 27-second video taken on a school bus which was posted on facebook .
no more : the boy allegedly being assaulted could be heard repeatedly saying that he did not want an argument .
statement : winifred holtby school in hull , east yorkshire , said it would ` not tolerate the behaviour shown ' he added : ` while we will not .
specifically discuss this case , we do not and we will not tolerate the .
behaviour shown .
the school 's behaviour policy clearly states our .
expectations for our students .
` we do not and we will not tolerate the behaviour shown .
the school 's behaviour