a four-year-old boy who has been kept in a sterile ` bubble '' ' is going to spend christmas day with the family he has n't seen for four months .
samuel freeman has a rare condition which means he has no immunity to any germs .
he has spent the past few months with his mother sadie as doctors at the great north children 's hospital , in newcastle , prepared him for a bone marrow transplant .
samuel , from long clawson , leicestershire , has not been able to see his father , adrian , or older brother , benjamin , six .
battle : samuel freeman -lrb- with his mother sadie -rrb- has a rare condition which means he has no immunity to any germs .
he has spent the last four months in a sterile ` bubble ' while doctors prepare his body for a bone marrow transplant to give him a new , healthy immune system .
but , if they can stay ` germ free ' , the four will be able to spend christmas together .
mrs freeman , 34 , said : ` samuel has been quite poorly ever since he was about eight weeks old , but we are very hopeful the bone marrow transplant he has just had will be successful in giving him a new fully-fighting immune system .
' she and samuel were allowed home to leicestershire on december 6 , but are living next door to the family home to make sure that her husband or other son have not picked up any germs before they have christmas together .
samuel has spent much of his life in and out of hospital as doctors tried to diagnose what was wrong with him .
mrs freeman said : ` samuel has a long medical history and had to cope with all sorts from lung disease to stomach and bowel issues .
` at one point , his hands , knees and ankles swelled up and it turned out he had severe juvenile arthritis , which was down to his faulty immune system .
' doctors hope the bone marrow transplant will give samuel a new fully-fighting immune system .
at the beginning of last year , samuel was referred to the bubble unit , in newcastle - one of two centres in the country specialising in children