a group of astronauts have reached a landmark in their space mission by spending the longest amount of time in isolation .
the mars500 crew , however , is so far from the red planet that it is still in a car park in moscow .
they have now spent 438 days with limited contact with their friends and family - long enough for them to have made 73 return trips to the moon .
the cosmonauts still have 82 days left of their 520-day mission when they will enter the record books again ... for the shortest distance travelled .
the crew has to make the most of the space they have on the 520-day mission .
the crew was seen ` landing on mars ' after 257 days in the capsule before their return journey to earth .
they are part of an experiment to see what happens psychologically and physically during long-distance space flight in a simulated mission to mars .
the experiment is taking place outside the institute of biomedical problems in a 550 cubic metre windowless space .
a final kiss : the crew has had limited contact with family and friends over the last 14 months .
valeri polyakov , the holder of the .
real space endurance record of 437 days , told the daily telegraph that .
it would be better for those ` on board ' to concentrate on the future .
` better now not to count how much time has passed , but how much remains , ' he said .
` it has a positive effect .
he spent his time on the mir space station orbiting earth in 2005 .
three of the astronauts left the craft around half way through the mission to simulate going onto mars .
russian aleksandr smoleevskiy , italian diego urbina and chinese trainee wang yue spent two days ` researching the planet ' before getting back on board for the return flight .
like a reality television show , or even the 1978 movie capricorn one , the astronauts are observed by behavioural specialists at all times .
their mission aims to help real space crews in the future cope with the confinement and stress of interplanetary travel .
the crew members communicate with the outside world via e-mails and video messages - occasionally delayed to give them the feel of