by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
published : .
05:13 est , 3 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
05:25 est , 3 march 2014 .
poor children must learn how to behave in an ` alien middle class world ' to help them get on in life , a government adviser has suggested .
working class families are urged to watch plays , visit museums and try middle class food , restaurants and shops to broaden their child 's life experience .
peter brant , head of policy at the social mobility and child poverty commission , warned talented children from poorer backgrounds were not applying to university because they were worried about ` fitting in ' .
performance in exams is not the only thing holding working class children back , argues peter brant .
the dominance of the middle classes in political life has been condemned by former prime minister sir john major .
education secretary michael gove has vowed to narrow the attainment gap , insisting that some state schools are now better than private schools .
but mr brant warned that it can be ` incredibly difficult ' for working class children to ` culturally fit into middle class lifestyle and jobs ' .
he said this was not just about academic achievement but the way children think and approach social situations .
writing in a post on the commission 's blog , he said : ` it seems likely that worries about `` not fitting in '' will be one reason why highly able children from less well-off backgrounds are less likely to apply to the most selective universities .
` it probably contributes to a lack of .
confidence amongst those who are upwardly mobile as they struggle to .
adapt to their new social environment with detrimental impact on their .
ability to reach their potential .
` and .
the lack of effective networks and advice to help navigate this new .
alien `` middle class world '' probably make it more difficult to translate .
high attainment into success in the professional jobs market .
' education secretary michael gove insist he is reforming the school system so that the opportunities that wealthy children have are more equally spread .
he highlighted barriers to children from less well-off backgrounds being able to achieve their potential