with a harpist greeting guests , catering by an award-winning chef , a free bar and a personalised fireworks display , it was a wedding designed to impress .
and it had the desired effect on the bride 's boss , who was among 100 guests at the no-expense-spared bash in a medieval banqueting hall .
incredulous at how 29-year-old part-time accounts clerk kirsty lane could afford such a lavish ceremony , peter sutton took a closer look at the books -- and discovered she had stolen nearly # 170,000 from the firm .
indulgent : kirsty lane , pictured with husband graham , planned her dream wedding at a tudor-built hall and laid on a free bar for guests along with two bands and a fireworks display .
almost ruined : lane 's former boss peter sutton -lrb- pictured -rrb- said that her ` unbridled greed ' had almost ruined his audio visual business .
the mother of one was arrested before .
she had a chance to leave for their honeymoon in mexico , and yesterday .
she was facing a possible jail sentence over the audacious fraud .
afterwards mr sutton told how her ` unbridled greed ' had almost ruined his video conferencing business .
` i trusted her implicitly and this was how she repaid us , ' he said .
` the wedding was the most lavish thing i 've ever seen .
' as kirsty rimmer , the bride-to-be had .
worked for four years for pure av in leyland , lancashire , earning less .
than # 15,000 a year .
all the directors were invited to her .
wedding to graham lane -- who works for an alarm firm -- in january , with .
other colleagues joining for the reception .
the event at the mock-tudor .
great hall at mains , near blackpool , cost up to # 40,000 .
guests were .
serenaded by harpist maxine molin-rose and were served canapés with .
buck 's fizz while being entertained by a saxophonist and magician .
the wedding breakfast was provided by .
celebrity chef paul heathcote 's firm and was accompanied by a swing .
singer , followed by a free bar and music from a motown-style band plus a .
dj .
children were entertained by .
face-painting and balloon-modelling while all guests were given feather .