could the george clooney effect have influenced britons ' choice of a winter break this christmas ?
research has revealed that there has been an increase of 66 per cent in bookings for the italian city , which hit the headlines this autumn when film star and director clooney married amal alamuddin at the seven-star aman canal grande hotel .
however , the rise in bookings could in part be attributed to venice 's dedicated christmas food market in the campo santo stefano , with stalls offering creamy-white almond stuffed nougat , fruit-filled panettone from verona and white truffles from alba .
the christmas markets of venice - they offer charm and an exquisite array of gifts .
george clooney married amal alamuddin in a lavish ceremony in venice .
andy washington , expedia.co.uk md said : ` the christmas period is always an extremely popular time for travel , with brits getting away to visit traditional and non-traditional christmas markets in the uk , as well as europe for festive-filled breaks .
` with its central location venice is a great starting point to discover the north east of italy , whether exploring prosecco country or aristocratic villas near verona , padoa and vicenza , all within one hour distance by car .
london remains the most popular for brits to visit this christmas , ahead of new york and paris .
the table to the right shows the biggest percentage rises of visits to other cities .
` of course the clooney wedding effect may also be playing a part in the popularity of venice , with tourists looking to experience some of the city 's romantic magic .
' as excitement for christmas builds and christmas markets spring up across europe , expedia.co.uk has revealed the most booked christmas destinations , with london experiencing a 39 per cent increase in bookings for the festive season -lrb- 2013-2014 year-on-year -rrb- .
germany and the netherlands have enjoyed 35 per cent rises respectively .
the festivities at london southbank christmas market are the envy of the world and with bookings to london for the upcoming festive period rising by 39 per cent year-on-year , the capital once again promises to be an extremely popular destination .
but could the bright lights of venice be a favourite of brits as they want to see what all the fuss was about