michael shrimpton , 57 , -lrb- pictured -rrb- sparked a security scare when he claimed spies were plotting to bomb the queen during the 2012 london olympics .
a barrister who sparked a security scare when he claimed german spies were plotting to assassinate the queen with a nuclear weapon during the 2012 london olympics has denied he is a ` fantasist , nutter or liar ' .
michael shrimpton , 57 , allegedly called the house of commons and the aylesbury conservative association to warn them that a bomb stolen from a sunken russian submarine had been smuggled into the country and was stashed in an east london hospital .
the lawyer , who had a ` fascination ' for political and military intelligence , told a close colleague of former defence secretary philip hammond that the deadly weapon would be detonated during the 2012 olympics , southwark crown court heard .
he also bombarded the offices of mp david lidington with voicemails to repeat his bomb hoax , the jury heard .
appearing at court today , shrimpton , of wendover , buckinghamshire , insisted he was not a compulsive liar and said he was giving a ` reasoned intelligence briefing from an intelligence specialist ' .
` the idea i was acting in bad faith did n't occur to me ... i thought i was doing something sensible , ' he said .
shrimpton said he was ` genuinely concerned ' for the safety of the games and the queen ` for whom i hold deep affection ' .
the lawyer denies communicating false information and is representing himself at his trial .
today , prosecutor alan blake asked him : ` do you accept lots of people claim to be involved in intelligence but are n't and lots of them can be fantasists , nutters or liars ?
' to which shrimpton replied : ` yes ' .
mr blake continued : ` because mostly when lawyers are dealing with people who claim to have an intelligence connection , normally it is people making things up ?
to which shrimpton replied ` yes ' again before adding : ` i ca n't recall when i said them but they are my words .
' the practicing barrister , who has also sat as an immigration judge , later insisted : ` i tell the truth '