vice president joe biden insisted on monday that the estimated 11.5 million people living in the u.s. illegally are ` already americans , ' whether or not the u.s. congress passes a law providing them with a path to citizenship .
his comments at a breakfast to mark the beginning of cinco de mayo , an unofficial holiday that residents of the mexican state of puebla founded to mark their country 's unlikely victory over french armed forces in 1862 .
` to continue the dreams of all the american people , we have got to get 11 million people out of the shadows , ' biden said .
` it 's not just to benefit those 11 million people ; it 's badly needed for the country .
the country needs a shot in the arm and this would give it a considerable shot in the arm .
' vice president joe biden wound up a crowd of about 100 hispanic-americans , mostly advocates for president obama 's flavor of comprehensive immigration reform , during a cinco de mayo breakfast at the naval observatory near his official residence .
double dipping : protesters also flooded oakland , california streets on thursday with demands for immigration reform on may day , which is linked in the u.s. to organized labor and illegal immigrant protests .
immigrant rights rallies have hit capitol hill , but only democrats have embraced the idea of an amnesty .
not everyone in america 's fast-growing community of latinos appreciated the speech , however .
latino rebels , a wildly popular center-left english-language latino blog , called it ` hispandering ' to likely democratic voters .
the bloggers behind the website run a charitable foundation that aims to fund the entry of more hispanic filmmakers and journalists into their respective industries , according to nbc latino .
advocates of president barack obama 's preferred route to what he calls ` comprehensive immigration reform ' generally admit they do n't know for sure that the number of illegal immigrants in the u.s. is holding steady at 11.5 million .
official government numbers rely on guesswork to estimate how many knowingly fill out u.s. census bureau forms incorrectly .
national association of former border patrol officers chairman zack taylor wrote in an open letter last september that ` the more likely figure is 18-20 million and rising daily