by .
lucy crossley .
this is the moment a student gave his mother the surprise of her life by telling her about the degree he had secretly studied for over four years just minutes before he graduated .
support worker liam blair kept the fact he was studying for a psychology degree at dundee university from his mother rhonda , constructing an entire fictional identity to cover his tracks .
the 31-year-old eventually came clean after taking his mother out to lunch and changing into his graduation gown in a pub bathroom before revealing he was graduating that afternoon .
scroll down for video .
shock : this is the moment rhonda blair , 56 , learned that her son liam , 31 , had been secretly studying for a degree , and was about to graduate .
secretive : support worker liam blair kept the fact he was studying for a psychology degree at dundee university from his mother , and constructed an entire fictional identity to cover his tracks .
proud moment : ms blair cries in disbelief as her son , dressed in his graduation gown , reveals his big secret .
mr blair 's confession was captured on video camera , as was his mum 's shocked , but delighted expression .
the secrecy started with a decision not to tell ms blair that he was applying for the course at dundee university .
but as his studies continued he decided not to tell her , and as the situation snowballed mr blair found himself living a bizarre double life - even telling his mother he was working at a fish factory in perth .
` originally it was just until i was accepted but then it just went on , ' he said .
plot : mr blair filmed the surprise on youtube , and the clip starts with him explaining how he had kept his degree a secret for the past four years .
moment of truth : mr blair then walks into the bar in his gown , and tells his mother it is his graduation day .
disbelief : ms blair initially did not believe her son , and thought he had been playing a joke on her .
` the lies got more convoluted .
i said that i was working , in many different jobs , and staying in