by .
elliott bretland for mailonline .
follow @@ ellbretland .
radamel falcao was keen to join real madrid but the spanish giants decided against signing the new manchester united striker , according to the player 's father .
the colombia star was desperate to move to the bernabeu but real failed to conclude a deal with monaco before united stepped in .
speaking to colombian radio , falcao 's father , radamel garcia said : ` things did not happen with real madrid because , if you have money and you go to the shops to buy a shirt or trousers , you have to decide if you buy it or not .
video scroll down to watch ` real can retain champions league ' - ronaldo .
new boy : radamel falcao was keen to join real madrid before moving to manchester united on monday .
` so real madrid opted not to do it and you ca n't do anything about that .
` apart from that , i do n't know , i have a feeling they wanted the player to offer himself as a gift with a number of conditions and things like that .
` it did n't happen because , as i said , they decided to buy the trousers and the shirt they wanted and they considered was better for them and you have to accept that because they are the ones who pay the money .
' while falcao was keen to move to madrid , his dad has admitted the 28-year-old turned down manchester city and liverpool in order to move to old trafford .
falcao 's father also revealed arsenal made a last-minute bid for the striker .
` thank god , everything happened with manchester united .
` radamel is a person that has done many things in europe and has always deserved the best for all his efforts , and sacrifice in his career .
all smiles : falcao joined manchester united on loan from monaco on the final day of the transfer window .
` manchester united is the most important team in england and one of the most powerful financially .
` now he must perform at his best to continue winning .
` fortunately he has adapted to european football and in the teams where he has been in argentina it was easily done