by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
published : .
08:31 est , 6 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:15 est , 6 june 2013 .
pub regulars are to be given the .
chance to buy and run their local as david cameron unveiled a .
# 250million fund to stop community facilities closing down .
the prime minister said he wanted local people to be able to own shops , village halls , playing fields and even swimming pools .
mr .
cameron insisted he had not given up on his often-mocked big society .
vision , and vowed to ` fight ' opponents who refused to back him .
cheers : david cameron , pictured leaving outside number 10 today with comedian david walliams and the enough food for everyone if campaign , used a speech to announce # 250million to buy shops and pubs by 2020 .
money from dormant bank accounts has helped to swell the coffers of big society capital which is bankrolling the idea for a decade , with funding from the big lottery fund .
in a speech on social investment funds , mr cameron said # 250million would be available until 2020 to ` help communities with ambitions to own local assets like pubs , shops , community centres and affordable housing ' .
the money -- paid out in grants or loans -- will help people in towns , villages and cities to buy and run facilities which are no longer financially viable as a business .
some of the money from the lottery fund will go into grants to support projects which can not be expected to turn a profit .
but # 50 million of the money will go into a community asset fund to provide grants and loans to help get projects off the ground which could go on to be commercially viable over the long term .
mr cameron said : ` everyone knows how vital institutions in our towns and villages are , like village halls , playing fields , local pubs .
` and everyone knows how - despite the best efforts of parish and local councils - these can face closure .
' dream : pub locals would be able to run their local if it closes down while residents could buy playing fields to stop them being