by .
associated press .
published : .
20:43 est , 21 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
02:07 est , 22 february 2014 .
seeking to correct potential acts of bias spanning three wars , president barack obama will award the medal of honor to 24 army veterans following a congressionally mandated review to ensure that eligible recipients were not bypassed due to prejudice .
the unusual mass ceremony , scheduled for march 18 , will honor veterans , most of hispanic or jewish heritage , who had already been recognized with the distinguished service cross , the nation 's second-highest military award .
only three of the recipients are living .
' i never really did worry about decorations , ' said one of those being honored , melvin morris of cocoa , fla. , who was commended for courageous actions while a staff sergeant during combat operations on sept. 17 , 1969 , in the vicinity of chi lang , south vietnam .
-lrb- from left -rrb- spec .
4 santiago j. erevia , sgt. 1st class jose rodela and staff sgt. melvin morris .
president barack obama will award the medal of honor on march 18 , 2014 , to 24 army veterans , including erevia , rodela and morris , who are still alive and fought in the vietnam war , following a congressionally mandated review to ensure that eligible recipients were not bypassed due to prejudice .
morris , who is black , said in an interview that it never occurred to him that his race might have prevented him from receiving the medal of honor .
he said it was a huge surprise when the army contacted him last may about the review and then arranged for a call from obama .
' i fell to my knees .
i was shocked , ' morris said .
` president obama said he was sorry this did n't happen before .
he said this should have been done 44 years ago .
' the other living recipients are spc. 4 santiago j. erevia of san antonio , cited for courage during a search and clear mission near tam ky , south vietnam , on may 21 , 1969 ; and sgt. 1st class jose rodela of san antonio , cited for courage during combat operations in phuoc long province , south vietnam