whether it 's opening emergency exits on a plane or throwing hot noodles on a flight attendant , chinese tourists seem to have a penchant for making headline news .
and now a helpful guide has been published with a list of do 's and do n'ts to help them along their way , and keep them out of trouble , when on their travels .
chinese media agency xinhua has put together a list of tips for travellers , which includes details about specific laws and customs in countries around the world .
china 's state-led media agency xinhua has devised a helpful guide for tourists travelling abroad .
tourists are advised not to talk about pigs or wear clothing with images of pigs when travelling to dubai , while those trekking in fiji are told to steer clear of pilfering coral as a memento .
and no matter where in the world you are dining , you should n't snap your fingers at a waiter - that kind of behaviour is for dogs , according to the guide .
xinhua is also telling chinese holidaymakers to resist the temptation to pose and ` say cheese ' when standing next to a masai warrior in kenya , and smoking should not be done unless they can ` see the sky .
' the last few months have seen a string of embarrassing and high-profile incidents of bad behaviour by chinese tourists , denting their reputation worldwide .
two passengers aboard a flight in china were jailed in january after opening the plane 's emergency exit .
during a flight from bangkok to nanjing last month a couple scalded a thai stewardess with hot water and noodles and threatened to blow up the plane after a heated exchange .
at the time state media branded the passengers ` barbarians ' and four of the tourists have since been blacklisted by the provincial tourist board .
just days later a plane was nearly forced to return after a brawl broke out between four women on a flight from mainland china to hong kong over a noisy baby .
a passenger on a china eastern flight opened an emergency slide because he wanted to get off the plane .
also in december , a chinese passenger on board an internal xiamen air flight from hangzhou to chengdu sparked a safety scare by