click here for martin samuel 's match report from old trafford .
search through the thousands of pages written about louis van gaal over the years and you wo n't find much about the value of running and jumping .
manchester united 's manager has always preferred to talk about rather sophisticated facets of the game .
as he reflects on perhaps the first significant result of his time at old trafford , though , van gaal and his sports science team will have noticed the remarkable numbers attached to marouane fellaini 's stand-out performance against chelsea on sunday .
fellaini is never going to be invisible .
not when he looks like he does .
nevertheless anyone who left old trafford on sunday sensing that the big belgian had been ` everywhere ' will be interested to know that he pretty much was .
marouane fellaini put in one of his best performances for manchester united against chelsea .
the belgian midfielder was signed by former manager david moyes for # 27.5 million last summer .
fellaini 's touch map against chelsea on sunday .
according to the statistics , fellaini covered 12.17 km during the course of the game , almost a kilometre more than united 's daley blind , the man next in the list .
more significantly , fellaini also completed 70 sprints , a remarkable number for a holding midfield player and more than two united full backs encouraged by their coach to overlap .
numbers can be over-used and over-analysed in football .
some may say that the only statistic that really matters from sunday 's engrossing clash was the 1-1 scoreline .
nevertheless , fellaini 's efforts say everything for his return to physical fitness after a difficult first year at united and go some way to indicate just why chelsea 's primary playmaker had such a relatively minimal impact on this game .
clearly designated to shadow cesc fabregas , fellaini ensured that the spain midfielder made only three passes in the first 20 minutes and eleven in the whole of the first half .
prior to the game , fabregas was the most successful and regular passer of a football in the barclays premier league .
` he was fantastic , ' said robin van persie of fellaini .
` he did a great job on fabregas for us .
`