andy murray 's name was engraved on the wimbledon trophy last year by a 76-year-old man who had driven 850 miles across europe .
roman zoltowski makes the annual odyssey from his home in poland in his 52-year-old open-top mg sports car to perform his cherished role at the championships .
he will be back again this year to engrave the men 's and ladies ' trophies for the 35th successive year .
engraver : roman zoltowski makes an annual odyssey from his home in poland to perform his cherished role at the wimbledon championships .
mr zoltowski said : ` a 76-year-old man driving from poland in his 52-year-old car to do the engraving -- it 's quite surreal is n't it ?
' ` i sit in the engraving room , under the royal box just off centre court , with the television so i can watch the game .
` the trophy is presented to players on court .
when it comes back , covered in sweat and kisses , i engrave it and return it ready for interviews with the champion .
' married father mr zoltowski started the job in 1979 while living in wimbledon , south-west london , and working for halfhide , the jewellers who supply the trophies and silverware to the all england club .
he has continued the job even after returning to his native poland in 1995 .
mr zoltowski can not fly because the small , sharp chisels he uses are considered offensive weapons by airlines .
winner : andy murray of britain poses with the trophy after defeating novak djokovic of serbia during the men 's singles final match at the all england lawn tennis championships in wimbledon last july .
so instead he packs them into his car -- together with anglepoise lamps , dusters , silver cleaning fluid , tapes and magnifying glasses - and sets off in the middle weekend of the championship to make his trans-europe trek to be in sw19 in time for the finals .
' a 76-year-old man driving from poland in his 52-year-old car to do the engraving -- it 's quite surreal is n't it ?
' roman zoltowski .
he also fills up with provisions including sandwiches , cheese , liver , sausages and energy drinks for the 18 hour journey which takes him through germany , holland