by .
associated press .
published : .
19:58 est , 20 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
03:18 est , 21 november 2012 .
the texan day care worker who left young children in her house while she went on a shopping trip to target was today sentenced to 80 years in jail after four of the children died and three others were injured when a fire started in her home .
on tuesday , houston jurors sentenced 24-year-old jessica tata to 80 years in prison for the death of one of the children , 16-month-old elias castillo .
she still faces charges related to the rest of the children .
` nobody wins in this situation , ' the young victim 's ' great-grandmother patty sparks said after the sentence was announced .
convicted : houston jurors sentenced 24-year-old jessica tata to 80 years in prison for the death of one of the four children that was killed in a fire at her home when she left them to go shopping .
` my heart goes out to the tata family and those precious mothers and fathers who lost their babies .
' tata , who was only a few years removed from her teens when she started her day care , worked alone most of the time .
investigators said the february 2011 blaze happened when a pan of oil she had left cooking on the stove ignited while she was out shopping .
the same jury that decided her sentence convicted tata last week of one count of felony murder .
the jury could have sentenced her to anywhere from five years to life in prison .
prosecutors had sought a life sentence , while defense attorneys asked only that jurors not give her an excessive sentence .
damage done : makayla dickerson , whose brother died in the blaze , shows off one of the burns she received on the fatal day .
she will have to serve 30 years of her sentence before she is eligible for parole .
tata also was ordered to pay a $ 10,000 fine .
jurors deliberated her punishment for seven hours over two days and she had no visible reaction after the sentence was announced .
tata 's attorneys contended she was a good person who loved children but made a terrible mistake .
prosecutors argued