by .
james chapman .
published : .
19:42 est , 27 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:44 est , 27 december 2013 .
chris grayling today condemns brussels over an ` absurd ' proposal to bring dozens of new european human rights into british law .
justice secretary chris grayling today condemns brussels over an ` absurd ' proposal to bring dozens of new european human rights into british law .
if introduced , it is feared they could lead to a deluge of claims against businesses and the government .
the rights are contained in the european union 's controversial charter of fundamental rights .
the uk opted out of the charter in 1998 , but now the european comission has suggested it could be imposed on all member states .
mr grayling said the suggestion showed eurocrats were aiming to create a european justice system that overrides domestic courts .
` this country never wanted a charter of fundamental rights and the idea we would sign up to changes that meant it took over our domestic laws is absurd , ' the justice secretary said .
` the european commission should stop trying to create a european justice system , and should let member states get on with solving the real challenges we all face .
' his intervention marks a significant stepping up in tory efforts to demonstrate how they want a looser , more trade-based relationship with the eu ahead of the european elections in may .
mr grayling 's anger has been prompted by a document produced by the european commission suggesting that the charter should apply in all member states .
the blueprint , which contains 54 provisions -- including the right to strike and the right to collective bargaining -- was attached to the eu 's controversial lisbon treaty .
the then pm tony blair told mps it was ` absolutely clear that we have an opt-out ' from the charter .
but a new consultation document calls for it to be implemented throughout the eu .
it says people 's ` interests in and expectations about the enforcement of fundamental rights by the eu are high ' .
it goes on to suggest that ` one option would be to make all fundamental rights guaranteed in the charter directly applicable in member states .
' mr grayling 's