by .
lillian radulova for daily mail australia .
student members of the melbourne university liberal club have been revealed to be behind a series of sexist and racist social media comments that have been branded disturbing by a senior lecturer .
a number of screenshots of the facebook messages , which were obtained by fairfax media , are said to have been made by the group 's treasurer and vice president .
fairfax alleges that in a comment made in january , the group 's vice president described a venue as ` worth a visit ' before saying the bar had ` lots of sluts ' , adding : ` get some sluts for me ' in another post .
student members of the melbourne university liberal club have been revealed to be behind a series of sexist and racist social media comments that were obtained by fairfax media .
according to fairfax , the treasurer of the liberal club also sent derogatory posts , in which he allegedly said ` just be careful of those mussrats .
a lot of them are -lsb- a -rsb- bunch of third world degenerate c *** s. ' when referring to muslim people .
further comments from the same person describe academic and high-profile feminist germaine greer as a ` lying f *** ing c * m guzzling slut ... and a union member ' adding : '' she does n't believe in god .
no kids not married ... what do you -lsb- e -rsb- xpect from a melb uni educated former socialist c *** , ' .
dr lauren rosewarne , a senior lecturer in the school of social and political sciences at the university of melbourne , told daily mail australia ` it 's distressing that any students would make these comments .
this is disturbing .
' politician often attend events organised by political university clubs , according to dr rosewarne , in order to boost membership as well as their own profiles .
` new talent comes from them , so it is a breeding ground for new candidates , ' she said .
when asked if she believed the crude comments were damaging to the liberal party , dr rosewarne said there was some distance between the two groups despite them being heavily involved .
the comments , which also obscenely target academic and high-profile feminist