sara davis had a happy summer .
the company director could race around the home counties from meeting to meeting in her nissan juke without so much as a hint of a traffic jam .
now she has to allow an hour for a journey that in august took 30 minutes , fits in far fewer meetings and arrives home late and frustrated each evening .
just thinking about sitting behind the wheel makes her stressed .
she is in no doubt whose fault that is .
scroll down for video .
` when the school run starts in early september , the misery begins , ' says 35-year-old sara davis from surrey .
` when the school run starts in early september , the misery begins , ' says the 35-year-old from ashtead , surrey .
` it 's like an annual migration .
herds of mothers pack themselves onto the roads in their 4x4s and suvs with no regard for other road users , then trundle off mindlessly like lemmings .
` there 's nothing more annoying than sitting in traffic when you need to be somewhere on time , all because of mothers driving their children to school -- especially when half the cars have only one child in them .
' retired business analyst preston cater , 60 says : ` chaotic parking is normal and at 8.55 am the car horns start ' sara 's annoyance began several years ago when she was working in chigwell , essex , near a prep school .
` every morning it delayed me by at least half an hour .
the area was well served by public transport , but i never once saw a child or mother walking down the road .
` every car was a huge 4x4 and most of the children were watching dvds on the in-car entertainment systems .
they were deposited at the school front door .
` if mums could n't get through the gates , they just ditched the cars in the road or on the verges .
anyone who objected was likely to get a mouthful of abuse .
' sara 's anger is being echoed by drivers all around the country .
come 8.30 am , with the rush hour in full swing , an extra million parents get into their cars to drive their children to school