by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
11:41 est , 17 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:45 est , 17 june 2013 .
suck in those guts , american airlines passengers - things are about to get a little tight .
the airline has announced that it plans to join several other major air travel providers by putting additional seats in some of its planes in an attempt to boost revenue .
according to the airline , seats will be added to its boeing 737s and md-80s , which make up roughly 60-percent of its entire fleet .
feeling the squeeze : american airlines plans to put additional seats in some its planes in an attempt to boost revenue .
` although we expect to add seats to the 737 and md-80 fleets , we are .
evaluating the right number of seats and the impact on revenue and cost .
while retaining our main cabin extra product , ' the airline said in a .
statement obtained by the los angeles times .
currently , american airlines ' coach seats are 17 inches wide and offer roughly 28 inches of leg room .
those dimensions likely will have to change to fit the additional seats - as the price for consumers , of course , will likely stay the same , despite the tighter fit .
by adding seats to its planes , american airlines might also be forced to add additional flight attendants to each flight in order to meet the federal aviation administration 's requirement of one flight attendant per 50 seats .
american airlines executives donald carty -lrb- left -rrb- michael gunn demonstrate the current coach seating in american jet .
last year , the airline announced that it planned to instal 10 additional seats on its boeing 777s in order to install lie-flat seats in business class .
those seats will begin to be added next year .
in efforts to squeeze as much revenue out of each flight as possible , other airlines have started installing seats with thinner back cushions , which allows the airlines to put more seats in each cabin .
it 's unclear how many seats the airline - which is expected to merge with u.s. airways in coming months after coming out of bankruptcy - will add to its planes .
flying high :