cristiano ronaldo has been handed a two-match ban for his outburst during saturday 's 2-1 win over cordoba .
much to the dissatisfaction of real madrid 's title rivals the player will now miss only real 's home game with david moyes ' real sociedad on saturday and the home match with sevilla three days later .
he will be available for one of the season 's title deciders away to atletico madrid the following weekend .
pressure had been put on the spanish fa to make an example of ronaldo after he slapped cordoba defender jose angel crespo at a corner , then kicked edimar , and landed another blow on crespo .
cristiano ronaldo was sent off after kicking out at cordoba defender edimar fraga -lrb- left -rrb- .
the real madrid had previously escaped punishment for throwing a punch at jose angel crespo .
ronaldo appears to claim there is nothing wrong as the brazilian defender goes down clutching his face .
in a final act of petulance , ronaldo takes a backhand swipe at crespo before being shown the red card .
but match referee alejandro hernandez never saw the first incident and only reported the kick on edimar in his match report and not the subsequent striking of crespo .
hernandez ' match report stated : ` in minute 83 the player cristiano ronaldo was sent off for the following reason : kicking his rival off the ball ' .
the spanish fa 's disciplinary committee could have asked hernandez to elaborate on his report but instead have given ronaldo the minimum punishment for the digression outlined by the referee .
it was ronaldo 's ninth career red card and he now has eight more than leo messi who has never been sent off for barcelona but was red-carded on his debut for argentina .
the portuguese international still has some way to catch zinedine zidane .
the real madrid legend currently coaching the club 's b-team was sent off 14 times in his career .
ronaldo can only offer a nonchalant shrug as referee hernandez hernandez shows him the red card .
ronaldo heads into the dressing room before gareth bale scored to earn real madrid a 2-1 victory .
ronaldo will miss the chance of facing former manchester united manager david moyes ' real sociedad .
ronaldo apologised for the sending off on