body image issues are the bane of women 's lives : we worry about our weight , our skin , our hair - and about the appearance of our vaginas , according to statistics on the growing popularity of labiaplasty .
in the past decade , cases of genital cosmetic surgery have risen five-fold , with more than 2,000 women now having the procedure on the nhs each year .
but not everyone wants to go under the knife in their quest for the perfect ` designer vagina ' - so now , new non-surgical techniques are launching which promise the results of labiaplasty without the pain and recovery time .
lindsey , pictured with her husband william and baby boy xavier , says she feels like she has her body back .
lindsey had a difficult experience during labour with her son -lrb- pictured -rrb- and needed extensive stitches after the birth .
business development manager lindsey price , 41 , was unhappy with the appearance of her vagina , so tried out one new non-surgical procedure which claims to remodel labia left stretched by the trauma of childbirth using a combination of radio frequencies and ultrasound .
lindsey had a difficult experience during labour with her son and needed extensive stitches after the birth , which left her scarred , affecting both her confidence and sex life .
as a result , lindsey felt insecure and inhibited in the bedroom with husband william .
` i 'd had a fairly uneventful pregnancy with my son xavier , with the labour itself even being pretty low-key .
` it was n't until the birth itself that the problems started - my son 's head got stuck and i ended up having to have a ventouse -lsb- forceps -rsb- delivery .
` unfortunately the suction device did n't work , and i was given an episiotomy as a last resort , leaving me with over 50 stitches and in a lot of pain .
' ` due to the cuts administered when giving birth , my inner and outer labia were a mess .
i 'd expected everything to heal and go back to normal , but i was left with an untidy looking area that made me feel self-conscious .
` my confidence , which prior to pregnancy had been high , vanished , and our sex life started