perhaps when wayne rooney leads manchester united on to the pitch , it will all begin to sink in for cambridge united and their manager richard money .
the club 's cycle of gloom ended last year with a return to the football league and since the fa cup fourth round draw paired them with united , this tie has been transformed into a celebration of their survival against the odds .
here is the happy ending : a windfall of # 250,000 from the football association and a couple of hours on prime-time bbc as reward for those responsible for keeping the club alive when fate conspired against them .
the abbey stadium , home of cambridge united , will host manchester united in the fa cup on friday night .
the sold-out fa cup fourth round tie with the premier league champions has been the talk of the city .
the rustic surroundings of the abbey stadium will certainly come as a shock to united 's pampered stars .
victory for the league two side would certainly register as one of the fa cup 's most seismic shocks .
louis van gaal will lead his manchester united side to cambridge seeking to avoid the cup banana skin .
wayne rooney will lead the manchester united side at the abbey stadium on friday night .
while united 's expected line-up cost # 235.5 m to assemble , cambridge were put together for nothing .
it is an uplifting reminder of the power of the fa cup .
but money and his players insist this is not the end .
they will pour everything they have into trying to beat united or -lrb- even better from a financial perspective -rrb- take them back to old trafford for a replay .
money has already warned his players that shirts swapped with united 's megastars after tonight 's game must be replaced at their own cost .
a shirt-swap souvenir with rooney and co will cost # 39.99 at the club shop -- unless they can persuade chairman dave doggett to dip into the cash the league two club will earn from the game .
even if cambridge are beaten , friday night 's match still represents a triumph for individuals who have made sacrifices during nine years outside the football league -- among them colin proctor , a director on behalf