ellen pao , 45 , accused venture capital firm kleiner , perkins , caulfield & byers of discriminating against her other female colleagues in a $ 16m suit .
the ceo of reddit has told a court how she was pursued ` relentlessly ' by a male colleague at a major venture capital firm before being frozen out after breaking off the affair .
ellen pao is seeking $ 16million after filing a sex discrimination suit against prestigious silicon valley business kleiner , perkins , caulfield & byers .
the 45-year-old told jurors how she was excluded from an all-male dinner with al gore and felt ` very uncomfortable ' hearing male guests of the firm talking about pornography on a private jet .
in her first day of testimony , the plaintiff testified that one male colleague was ` relentless ' in his pursuit of her and cut her out of email chains and meetings when she ended the affair .
pao is seeking damages from her former employer after claiming she was passed over for a promotion because she is a woman and then fired in 2012 after she complained .
kleiner perkins has denied wrongdoing and says pao did not get along with her colleagues and performed poorly after she became a junior partner around 2010 .
in her testimony , pao said she was given a poetry book by a senior partner in 2007 that featured drawings of naked women and poems on topics such as the longings of an older man for younger women .
the partner also invited her to dinner one weekend while noting his wife would be out of town , she said .
' i thought it was strange , and it made me uncomfortable , ' she said .
pao acknowledged having the affair with a male colleague , but said she broke it off when she learned he had lied that his wife had left him .
she said the colleague later retaliated by shutting her out of emails and meetings .
` he was relentless and eventually told me that his wife had left him , ' pao told jurors , explaining why she got into the relationship with him .
the 45-year-old told jurors how she was excluded from an all-male dinner at vice president al gore 's apartment .
when she raised the retaliation issue with