by .
steph cockroft .
compensation : april hall , 24 , from bradford , west yorkshire , had a normal pregnancy with her first child ethan , carrying him to full-term - but he was born stillborn after an error by midwives .
the mother of a baby boy who was delivered stillborn after midwives missed signs that his heart was beating too slowly has spoken of her heartbreak in the hope no other parent will go through the same ordeal .
april hall , 24 , from bradford , west yorkshire , had a normal pregnancy with her first child ethan , carrying him to full-term .
but during labour , two midwives at the bradford royal infirmary failed to notice that her baby son had a fatal condition , bradycardia .
it meant ethan had an unusually slow heart rate and was delivered stillborn .
now the mother-of-two has been given an undisclosed amount of compensation by the bradford teaching hospitals nhs foundation trust after it made an admission of liability .
miss .
hall 's lawyers started legal action against the trust alleging that , if .
the condition had been detected , ethan could have been given a quicker .
delivery .
the lawyers said it would have meant ethan could have been resuscitated 15 minutes earlier , increasing his chance of survival .
miss hall said : ` it breaks my heart to know that if .
ethan 's slow heart rate had been detected during my labour , the midwives .
could have delivered him quickly and i would have him here with me now .
' i .
have really struggled to come to terms with what happened and i hope .
that through what happened with ethan that all of the maternity staff at .
the hospital have had additional training to ensure that lessons can be .
learned .
' throughout her labour , miss hall was .
monitored by a trainee midwife and a supervisor .
but medical records .
show ethan 's heart rate was not taken after 10.45 am , half an hour before .
he was born .
when ethan was born , staff began to resuscitate him but he could not be saved .
miss hall said : ' i had no problems throughout my pregnancy .
` whilst i was at the hospital during