the dog that killed its owner 's baby granddaughter in a frenzied attack was investigated by council officials just five months before the tragedy .
the animal , believed to be a pitbull , was brought to the attention of local authorities following complaints from neighbours in daventry , northamptonshire , in may .
daventry district council officials visited the woman 's home , but decided no action against the dog was needed .
neighbours placed a single bunch of flowers at the door of a home where a woman 's granddaughter was mauled to death by a pitbull .
the pet was reported to local authorities five months before the attack .
on friday it mauled its owner 's six-month-old granddaughter to death before being destroyed by vets .
its owner was bitten repeatedly in the hand as she tried to pry the baby out of its mouth 's grip .
today council chiefs admitted doing nothing to prevent its dangerous behaviour after being phoned by one of the woman 's neighbours .
ian vincent , chief executive of daventry district council , said : ` we received one noise complaint in may from a neighbour relating to two dogs barking at the property .
` as with all such complaints , we spoke to the owners of the dogs who acted to control the noise to a reasonable level .
` we have not received any other complaints relating to these dogs .
` we always encourage anyone with concerns about the safety of any dog to report them to us or the police .
' daventry district council visited the property in may following reports that the dogs were too noisy .
tragic : a message from neighbours left on a bunch of yellow and red flowers rests outside the woman 's front door .
he added : ` our thoughts and deepest sympathies are with the family following this tragic incident , which has shocked and saddened our local community .
` we are working with northamptonshire police to assist their investigation into the circumstances leading up to this tragedy .
' it comes after neighbours revealed they were worried about the animals in the weeks before the child 's death .
the residents , who did n't want to be named , said the ` devil dogs ' were walked with muzzles .
` the