former captain of the fictional star trek enterprise , william shatner has proposed a radical method to solve california 's ongoing drought disaster .
he is planning to run a kickstarter campaign and is hoping to raise $ 30 billion -lrb- # 20 billion -rrb- to build a pipeline from seattle to bring water to the state .
but the proposal to build a pipeline hundreds of miles long has been declared ` highly illogical ' by some experts .
scroll down for video .
former captain of the fictional star trek enterprise , william shatner -lrb- pictured -rrb- has revealed radical proposals in an interview with yahoo news .
he wants to build a 4ft-wide pipeline from seattle down to california to transport water and solve the state 's ongoing drought problem .
he revealed the crowdfunding campaign in an interview with david pogue from yahoo news .
mr shatner likened his project to a similar pipeline in alaska - with , in this case , the pipeline running from seattle to california down the i-5 highway .
since the year 2000 , seven western states in the us has seen their driest periods in centuries : arizona , california , colorado , nevada , new mexico , utah and wyoming .
and scientists in california have warned that the region may be experiencing a century-long ` mega-drought ' .
the warnings came after sediment studies showed california is currently experiencing the driest spell since 1580 , and that the regular rainfall seen during the last century is likely to have been a temporary deviation in a cycle of droughts and very occasional rainfall over the last 3,000 years .
in 2013 , california received less rain than in any year since its formation as a state in 1850 .
and the last four years have seen the worst conditions , with the entire state of california now declared to be experiencing a drought .
the pipeline would reportedly be used to fill one of the rapidly drying lakes in california .
he said seattle was ` a place where there 's a lot of water ' - although its state , washington , is also experiencing a major drought .
without going into specifics , mr shatner added he would need a ` large , four-foot pipeline ' above ground to keep enough water flowing .
on his