a palestinian bus driver found hanged in his vehicle in east jerusalem was murdered , his family has claimed .
israeli police has said there is no indication to any other cause of death than suicide , but rumours of a killing quickly spread in palestinian media , fuelling tension in the divided city .
several actions of civil unrest has now taken place in and around jerusalem as palestinian protesters clashed with israeli security forces .
scroll down for video .
anger : the death of 32-year-old youssef al-ramouni , which israeli police claim was a suicide , sparked several protests and stone-throwing incidents in the palestinian suburbs of jerusalem -lrb- stock image -rrb- .
youssef al-ramouni , a 32-year-old father-of-two , was found dead .
at the start of the route he was supposed to have driven late on .
sunday , in an area of jerusalem close to jewish settlements and .
palestinian neighbourhoods .
israeli police said the evidence suggested al-ramouni had .
committed suicide , but rumours quickly spread in the palestinian .
media that he had been killed by jewish assailants .
` the bus driver committed suicide , there is no other .
indication other than it was a suicide case , ' police spokesman .
micky rosenfeld said .
however , al-ramouni 's brother , louy , said there was .
no way his brother , the father of two young children , would have .
killed himself and said there were marks on his body that .
suggested he had been killed .
' i saw the body last night and i saw bruises and marks that .
he was beaten up , ' he said .
tense situation : an israeli soldier watches as protesters avoid a tear gas fired by the israeli army during a protest over tension in jerusalem , near the west bank village of hizma , south-east of ramallah , last week .
` there were marks of fingers on the body and also on his .
back there was a bruise as if he was hit by a hard object .
... youssef can not commit suicide , it is not possible , he is leading .
a good and happy life with his wife and his family , ' he added .
israeli police said an autopsy would take place at abu kabir forensic