by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
05:47 est , 30 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:47 est , 30 november 2013 .
a ` military enthusiast ' who threatened two nurses with a gun a day after shooting himself in the hand by mistake has been jailed for life .
armed police arrested christopher turkington , 41 , at salford royal hospital , greater manchester , after reports that a man had grabbed two nurses and was waving a gun .
firearms officers were able to arrest him and he was found to be in possession of four loaded revolvers .
jailed : christopher turkington , 41 , was sentenced to life after admitting four counts of possession of a firearm with intent .
his wife victoria turkington , 40 , got two years after a judge took into account extenuating actions .
at manchester crown court he was jailed for life after he admitted four counts of possession of a firearm with intent .
he must serve a minimum of five years before he can apply for parole .
his wife victoria turkington , 40 , who was with him at the time of his arrest , pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and was jailed for two years .
the court heard that turkington had four antique guns at his home in salford , greater manchester , along with other military antiques including stun grenades and machetes as well as military clothing .
fearing impending armageddon , he had also stockpiled tents and tins of food , as well as explosive manuals and chemicals , as well as crafting 218 bullets himself .
he had turned up at hospital on thursday , 24 may , telling doctors he had injured his hand with a drill .
but when he was examined he admitted that his injury was a gunshot wound and a bullet was lodged in his hand .
surgeons operated to remove the bullet and contacted police who questioned turkington after he came round on the friday , but did not arrest him .
fearful that his arsenal would be discovered if police searched his home , he rang his estranged wife and told her to move his four guns and other weapons to her house .
salford royal hospital : turkington had turned on may 24 telling doctors he