queensland toddler kyhesha-lee joughin was forced to use the room she was locked in as a toilet before dying in severe distress of internal injuries , a court has heard.shocking allegations of the circumstances surrounding the three-year-old 's 2013 death were revealed on wednesday as family friend who was charged with the toddlers manslaughter was granted bail .
the bail hearing revealed that kyhesha-lee suffered blows to her stomach causing severe bowel damage - ultimately leading to her death .
the bail hearing revealed kyesha-lee succumbed to massive bowel injuries after being struck days before her death .
kyhesha-lee was in the care of her father matthew lee williamson and christopher arthur neville kent who have both been charged with manslaughter and child cruelty .
crown prosecutor vicki loury alleged the toddler also suffered a penetrative injury to her vagina three days before her death .
she was not seen of or heard of by anyone else in the five days prior to her death , although another man visited the home the night before kyhesha-lee died .
` she was by that stage in severe distress , extremely unwell , ' ms loury told the court .
kyhesha-lee joughin was allegedly locked in a bedroom by her father , forcing her to defecate and urinate in the room .
kyhesha-lee 's body was found days after she suffered the blows - allegedly in squalid surroundings - at the unit she shared with her father in petrie , north of brisbane , on march 30 , 2013 .
kent , 46 , was granted bail in the brisbane magistrates court on wednesday after the court heard he 'd offered to plead guilty on the basis of criminal negligence .
williamson allegedly locked his daughter in the bedroom while he slept during the day , forcing her to defecate and urinate in the room .
her father matthew lee williamson and his friend christopher arthur neville kent , who also lived in the house and cared for the child in the days prior to her death , are each charged with manslaughter and child cruelty .
they have both been released on bail .
evidence of the child 's blood had been found on kent 's shorts .
` it was a small unit , he must have been aware of what was happening with the child , ' ms loury