the astonishing row between britain 's two best distance runners escalated on friday night with a series of explosive claims and counter-claims .
mo farah on friday reignited the dispute with andy vernon when he revealed what sparked their twitter row earlier this week , claiming the european silver medallist implied he should have won gold in zurich last year because the somalia-born farah is not british .
but vernon , while admitting he had joked over a meal one night in zurich that he should have been crowned ` european champion ' , responded by accusing farah and his management team of employing ` snide ' tactics to trash his reputation in a bid to repair the damage to their own .
mo farah spoke out about his twitter spat with andy vernon and said it was down to a comment made by his fellow distance runner that implied that he did not deserve gold at the european championships in 2014 .
farah said : ` one comment he made , which i did n't really like , was to say that he should have won the gold ' farah is in birmingham preparing for an indoor two-mile record attempt at the sainsbury 's indoor grand prix .
farah and vernon , who finished one-two at the european championships , clashed on twitter .
farah was forced to issue a public apology on friday - ahead of saturday 's attempt to break the world indoor two-mile record in the sainsbury 's british indoor grand prix - for the way he responded to a jibe from vernon on twitter on tuesday night .
in branding vernon an ` embarrassment ' who had not won anything ` decent ' , the double olympic champion accepted he had offended the wider athletics community .
` i 'd like to apologise to the public , ' he said .
then farah , having consulted with his representatives before his media appearance , decided to reveal that he and vernon had ` history ' dating back to the european championships that saw farah win gold in the 10,000 and 5,000 metres , when vernon took a silver and bronze .
` it happened in the european championship in zurich where he came second in the race i won , ' said farah .
` we were sitting down together and there were a number