scunnered .
not just a localised colloquial term to sum up the mood of rangers fans watching their club pummelled and pilloried from all angles at the moment , but a fair enough way of describing exactly how ally mccoist and the ibrox board feel about each other .
as a settlement is finalised to end a business relationship utterly lacking in mutual respect , sportsmail examines how they reached this point -- and what finally caused the façade of public co-operation to crumble .
ally mccoist has left rangers , nine days after he offered his resignation to the club .
why ally was fed up with rangers .
redundancies to long-serving members of staff , not deemed crucial to the football department but seen by many as part of the fabric of rangers , are cited as the trigger for mccoist 's decision to hand in his notice .
if that was the final straw , though , it is fair to say that the spine of the dromedary was already near breaking long before the manager penned his farewell letter .
trying to compile a list of all the nonsense mccoist has had to deal with during his time at the helm is , quite frankly , a case of choosing what to leave out .
so apologies if your ` favourite ' scandal/farce/calamity is n't included .
starting with the biggest bumps in the road first , the act of the club simply sliding into administration under the guidance of craig whyte -- he of the garbled gabbling and , apparently , muddled mathematics -- effectively killed off rangers ' chances of winning the title in ally 's first season at the helm .
rangers beat livinstone 2-0 on saturday , and sit second in the championship table after 17 games .
oh sure , he had already seen his team blow a 15-point lead to be overtaken by celtic , suggesting that they might have lost the race regardless .
but the 10-point deduction did for any lingering chances .
if plunging into insolvency was bad enough , the arrival of charles green 's consortium as ` saviours ' would not have gone down well with a man who , it is understood , hoped to see any combination of brian kennedy , dave king and the blue knights at the helm .
when green