new research has found the prevalence of carrier bags is having a ` significant ' impact on towns and cities .
the number of plastic bags blighting the streets of britain after being thrown away by shoppers is at its highest level in a decade , a report has revealed .
a surge in the use of carrier bags , some of which can take hundreds of years to degrade , has seen supermarkets handing out more than one billion more than they did four years ago .
and research has shown that the prevalence of carriers is now having a significant impact on the streets of our towns and cities , with more discarded bags than ever before .
the number of areas with an unacceptable number of plastic bags lying on the ground has more than doubled in the last ten years .
the finding was revealed in a yearly study into the amount of litter on britain ' s streets by the keep britain tidy campaign group .
it will further reinforce the government 's decision to levy a 5p charge on plastic carrier bags in england from next year .
the daily mail has been running a ` banish the bags ' campaign for six years with huge support from anti-litter campaigners , environmental groups and shoppers .
as well as harming animals and birds , production and transportation of the bags is costly and harmful to the environment .
despite an overall decline in the amount of litter , the report shows the number of sites polluted with plastic bags is at its highest ever level .
the analysis of 7,200 sites across england found that 11.4 per cent were littered by plastic bags between 2013 and 2014 .
in the previous year , 8.9 per cent of sites were shown to be blighted by carriers , while a significant increase has occurred from the 4.4 per cent recorded ten years ago .
as well as being an eyesore , plastic bags have a significant environmental effect on our coastline , with around 70 bags littering every mile , and seas .
they can be ingested by marine wildlife .
the seven biggest supermarket chains handed out 8.3 billion bags - used by shoppers for an average of 20 minutes - in 2013 .
the analysis of 7,200 sites across england found that 11.4 per