by .
lillian radulova .
abdullah elmir 's whereabouts remain unknown despite 16-year-old feiz , who disappeared with him , being found safe and preparing to fly back home with his father .
a 16-year-old sydney teenager has been found safe and is preparing to come home alongside his father , after he ran away to fight in iraq and syria in june .
known as feiz , the boy from bankstown in sydney 's west , secretly left the country with abdullah elmir , 17 , who told his parents he was going fishing .
while abdullah 's whereabouts are still unknown , the sydney morning herald reports that feiz and his father are currently in lebanon from where they will travel back to sydney with assistance from the australian federal police .
abdullah and feiz are believed to have made their way to turkey , from where they were last known to have contacted family members , via perth , with stops in malaysia and thailand .
reports stated that abdullah 's family suspected he was planning to cross the border into iraq .
it remains unknown who is responsible for paying and organising the two boys ' trips .
on friday , a man named abu bakr al australi , allegedly became the first australian responsible for a suicide bombing in iraq which killed at least five people .
the sydney morning herald reported that community members do not believe abdullah was the australian behind the attack .
feiz and abdullah secretly left their homes in june and flew to turkey from where they are last known to have contacted family members .
they are believed to have been trying to cross the border to iraq to join the war .
amidst news that the federal government has listed support of an extremist group by an australia an offence punishable by up to 25 years in jail , attorney general george brandis revealed the number of australians believed to be supporting extremist groups at a press conference earlier this week .
` there are probably about 60 australians in syria fighting for one side or the other but predominantly the anti- government side , and an alarming number of those people are gravitating towards the al-qaeda off-shoot , ' mr brandis said .
` we have some 10s of people who have already returned and we have