by .
lydia warren .
published : .
11:16 est , 6 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:03 est , 6 august 2013 .
two men have been arrested for posing as top executives with a financial firm and scamming $ 220,000 worth of charter jet flights , limo rides , lavish hotel stays and tiffany 's jewelery .
dante dixon , 45 , from miami , florida and christopher henderson , 32 , of akron , ohio were both arrested on monday in ohio after authorities discovered their ruse .
they face wire fraud charges .
the two men made at least four flights between may and june after contacting jet aviation , a business aviation provider based at teterboro airport in new jersey and claiming to be top execs .
under the name ` josh stevens ' , they provided a fake email address they said was linked to the company - and were able to tap into a sham $ 350,000 line of credit issued by the company .
high life : dante dixon and christopher henderson allegedly claimed to be bank execs to set up a $ 350,000 line of credit with jet aviation , which is based in teterboro , nj -lrb- pictured -rrb- , for private jets .
a man using that name called jet aviation 's offices in chicago , illinois and van nuys , california in may to enquire about its private charter flight services , according to the criminal complaint released by the fbi .
in the draft charter agreement , which was signed after being sent to the fake email , dixon was listed as a vice president .
and henderson as a vice president of international affairs of the company .
jet aviation was never paid for $ 164,911 spent on the charter flights between california , ohio , new jersey and miami or $ 10,879 for limousine services used between may and june this year .
the duo also allegedly used their fake corporate credentials at a tiffany store in bal harbor , florida to charge $ 19,991 in watches , sunglasses , sterling silver , leather business card holders and men 's cologne .
life of luxury : they also racked up bills of $ 25,466 at the w hotel in south beach , miami -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
` scam ' : the