by .
dan bloom .
beware any lady who invites a one direction member to her home - their fans are famously protective .
but they might make an exception for this one .
the queen gave niall horan the star treatment today after he was included in a list of irish cultural heroes at buckingham palace .
and the thrilled 20-year-old did n't let his age knock his confidence , joking : ' i might ask her if she wants to come to a show .
' scroll down for video .
one 's direction : the queen was all smiles when she met the 20-year-old pop sensation niall horan at a reception today to recognise those who have enriched irish culture .
he was by far the youngest there .
historic : the reception was held ahead of the first state visit to britain by an irish president next month .
have you come far ?
the one direction singer -lrb- left -rrb- was invited to buckingham palace less than four years after his first x factor appearance - and appeared alongside one of the tv show 's judges , louis walsh -lrb- right -rrb- .
royally envious ?
some of 1d 's famously protective female fans may baulk at seeing niall with another woman .
niall , who came straight from a one direction rehearsal and appeared alongside x factor judge louis walsh , said being at the palace was ` mind-blowing ' .
he added : ` it 's an absolute honour to be here with two great countries coming together .
' i could n't believe it when i got the invitation .
to have met her majesty again was a great experience .
' -lsb- the others -rsb- were really happy when i told them .
they know it 's an irish thing so they 're not being left out .
i might ask her if she wants to come to a show .
' but it was not niall 's first royal visit - he and his four bandmates met the queen after they appeared at the royal variety performance in november 2012 .
today 's reception was held to mark the first official state visit by an irish president to britain next month .
president michael d higgins will come to britain after the queen became the first british monarch to visit