the beauty of a small stream cutting through the vast glencoe mountains in scotland has won top prize in the landscape photographer of the year awards .
the moody shot , taken by mark littlejohn , from penrith , cumbria , beat thousands of images showing the beauty of the uk 's landscapes to be awarded the # 10,000 prize .
judges claimed the dramatic picture of scotland captured ' a fleeting moment of beauty ' in the highlands .
take a view of a beginning and an end : mark littlejohn 's dramatic glencoe stream was the overall winner in this year 's landscape photographer of the year awards .
a second image of a sunset over the heather-strewn yorkshire moors was also recognised as the image most likely to encourage people to visit britain .
the photos that took top position in the variety of different categories depicted some of the uk 's most iconic countryside as well as the hidden beauty in the country 's cityscapes .
a misty early morning in the peak district , london bridge from above and a striking tower at sheffield university also took top honours .
take a view of heather in bloom : the beauty of the north york moors , captured by john robinson , from peterlee , co durham , was honoured as the photo most likely to encourage people to visit britain .
take a view of sunrise : the dramatic winnats pass , derbyshire , won the visit britian ` you 're invited ' award for the best image from an overseas entrant category and wa taken by german sven mueller .
mr littlejohn said he had got up at 1.30 am to drive to glencoe for his winning shot , but the rain had been torrential at dawn .
as he wandered about waiting for gaps in the weather he saw the stream form high up on gearr aonach .
` it tumbled steeply down the slopes before vanishing again near the base of the mountain .
with more squalls coming through i decided to take this image as the light became slightly more diffuse .
it had to be a quick handheld shot due to the sideways rain .
' he added that he struggled to take in the news he had won the competition .
' i suppose all i can say is