a 93-year-old died after being scalded when care home staff used boiling water to treat her constipation , an inquest heard .
freda owens suffered horrific burns after a carer at the croft house rest home in freckleton , lancashire sat her on a commode of boiling water from a kettle thinking it would help her condition .
the painful injuries on her backside had forced her to lie on her side - and this caused a deep tissue pressure sore close to her left hip bone to worsen .
freda owens -lrb- pictured left with daughter susan tate -rrb- died after being scalded when care home staff used boiling water from a kettle to treat her constipation , a coroner ruled .
coroner alan wilson heard that this wound was then not spotted by a district nurse , who examined mrs owens after the incident on november 2 , 2012 .
as the great grandmother 's condition deteriorated she was admitted to royal preston hospital on november 23 .
but the sore continued to go unnoticed until christmas eve - nearly two months after the incident .
she died just over a week later at the hospital on january 3 , 2013 .
mr wilson concluded that two factors contributed to mrs owens ' death - the burns she suffered as a result of the commode and the delay in treatment this caused for her pressure sore .
he said staff had failed to spot the sore because her burns were so severe she found it painful when moved .
speaking after the inquest in blackpool , lancashire , mrs owens ' family slammed the ` shocking standard of care ' she received .
they said : ` the death of freda was not just avoidable or preventable but needless and unnecessary .
` there can be no doubt that the sub-optimum care , together with the scald incident itself , resulted in unnecessary , needless and prolonged suffering .
` the verdict has been a long time coming but unfortunately it has all been too little , too late .
mrs owens suffered horrific burns after a carer at the croft house rest home -lrb- pictured -rrb- in freckleton , lancashire asked her to sit on a commode of boiling water .
` freda has died .
nothing can bring her back or undo the harm she suffered