a very welcome antidote to another rainy day at london fashion week , jasper conran kicked off day two with a lesson in how to dress a woman .
the designer , who believes fashion has become ` rather shapeless ' lately , was on a mission to flatter the female form and his aw14 collection of silhouette dresses , cashmere coats with relaxed shoulders and shrunken jackets did just that .
speaking about the jasper conran woman , the designer told mailonline : ` she is female as opposed to feminine , she 's curved , she 's got feminine attributes ; she 's unashamedly that .
` it 's wearable clothes for powerful women with a lot of sexiness .
' powerful but sexy : jasper conran kicked off day two of london fashion week at the saatchi gallery this morning with his undeniably feminine aw14 collection .
jet black , silk-lined dresses with sexy cutaway backs , sculpted dresses in pared back tones and buttery leather jackets were the order of the day at the saatchi gallery .
jasper 's aim was to create an easy and wearable collection , ` you can wear it to the office and then out at night .
you can put the jacket over the top of the sequin dress to cover up and then take it off when you hit the town , ' he explained .
red hot : an otherwise pared back collection of buttery soft jackets and sequin dresses was brightened up with a jolt of geranium red .
it 's all about the coats : edge-to-edge coats were the stars of the catwalk and they came in the omnipresent sugar spun pink .
edge-to-edge coats were the stars of the catwalk and they came in black , grey , blonde and sugar spun pink with instinctively belted waists .
` it 's the idea of being able to slip them off , it 's the idea of dressing up - there 's a comfort juxtaposed against that sort of saucy underneath piece .
it 's all about confidence on top and hotness underneath , ' he said .
double-faced cashmere , delicately soft leathers and silk tule dresses with a ` quadruple stretch ' reigned supreme - but the forceful jolts of geranium red were what took the audience by surprise amidst an otherwise neutral pallete