this photo shows peter mandelson 's ` suburban stalin ' grandfather living among a commune of ` beardy weirdy ' conscientious objectors during the first world war .
socialist herbert morrison , the grandfather of labour grandee lord mandelson , became one of the most famous examples of the 16,000 men who refused to fight during the first world war as a matter or principle .
the young activist - who went on to become a prominent figure in the labour party - rallied against what he believed was a conflict between two capitalist nations , waged to protect the empire .
this photo shows peter mandleson 's grandfather herbet morrison , -lrb- middle row , far left -rrb- among a commune of conscientious objectors who worked the land in letchworth garden city , herts , during the first world war .
morrison , then 28 -lrb- left -rrb- , who believed the war was a capitalist fight , was seen as a radical activist and went on to inspire his grandson lord mandleson -lrb- right -rrb- to pursue a career in politics .
so , despite being exempt from service because he was blind in one eye , morrison registered as a conscientious objector , amid conscription laws which enlisted two-and-a-half million british troops from 1916 .
in return for his exemption , following a ` tribunal ' in wandsworth , morrison joined a group of fellow objectors who worked the land in letchworth garden city , hertfordshire .
while there , he met his wife margaret , a handweaver and embroider .
according to one historian , the commune became infamous in satirical magazines which portrayed the men as being ' a group of vegetarian , beardy weirdies in home-spun tweed ' .
while at the garden , morrison - pictured aged 28 - apparently tried to sabotage the war effort in his own way by pulling up fledgling cabbages and cauliflowers and leaving the weeds in the ground .
years later , labour politician michael foot described morrison as a ` suburban stalin ' .
` conchies ' , as they were known , attracted considerable stigma among their peers .
those who objected to the war had to appeal in public before they were put through a ` tribunal ' .
many were granted a ` conditional exemption ' .
this meant they were exempt from