youtube , the world 's no. 1 video website , is expected to start asking users to pay subscription fees to access some of its content starting in the spring .
the decision is being viewed as an aggressive move by the google-owned website to compete directly with traditional tv for advertisers and viewers .
the first such channels could be available at easter and youtube is expected to charge between 60p -lrb- $ 1 -rrb- and # 3 -lrb- $ 5 -rrb- a month .
the world 's no. 1 video website is expected to start asking users to pay subscription fees to access some of its content starting in the spring .
the company has held talks with several video producers , asking them to submit applications to create for-pay specialist channels , according to adage .
in addition to episodic content , youtube is also considering charging for content libraries and access to live events , a la pay-per-view , as well as self-help or financial advice shows .
youtube , has been moving to add professional-grade video programs to the vast archive of amateur , home-shot videos that have made the site so popular .
currently all content is available to consumers for free and is supported by advertising that appears alongside the videos .
youtube has hinted in the past that it was considering offering subscription-based paid content .
at a media conference last year , youtube ceo salar kamangar talked about the potential to poach second - or third-tier cable networks that were having trouble building big enough audiences on cable tv to command subscription fees from distributors .
youtube ceo salar kamangar has talked about the website 's potential to provide second - or third-tier cable networks with a more direct channel to their passionate viewers .
internet distribution , the thinking goes , would give some of these networks a more direct line to their passionate base with lower costs .
` if we have a subscription model , ' said kamangar , ` then absolutely that 's something that becomes possible .
' ` we have long maintained that different content requires different types of payment models , ' a google spokesman said , in a statement .
` the important thing is that , regardless of the model , our creators succeed on the platform .
there are a lot