graziano pelle took one touch with his right boot to flick the ball to shoulder height while already beginning to swivel on his standing leg .
in one fluid motion he flung his body into the air , twisted acrobatically and sent the ball flying into the top right-hand corner .
ryan bertrand , on loan from chelsea , put southampton ahead in the second half before charlie austin struck a surprise equaliser with a piece of individual brilliance .
graziano pelle makes the perfect connection from a cross to score in spectacular fashion at st mary 's .
pelle celebrates in front of qpr forward eduardo vargas as the saints regain the lead on saturday .
the south coast club dominated the game , striking the upright twice and keeping queens park rangers goalkeeper rob green busy all afternoon .
but they needed something special to eventually break through and their # 8million summer signing , brought in for the daunting task of replacing rickie lambert , provided it .
` i often do these things during training , ' a nonchalant pelle explained afterwards .
ryan bertrand scores his first goal for southampton as ronald koeman 's side take the lead against qpr .
it was said with the swaggering confidence of a striker who has taken no time adapting his game to english football .
he has netted five goals in eight games already .
there were reservations about southampton manager ronald koeman raiding former club feyenoord for the italian when they lost lambert to liverpool .
players so often flourish in holland but can not reach those levels when they face the demands of the barclays premier league .
` i 've got experience enough now to realise where i am , ' pelle added .
` i have to be honest , it was not so easy in the beginning .
` however i was lucky i came to england a month before the start of the season , then i had a long time to adapt myself .
` all the games are difficult , all the teams , from the lowest to the top , are always good ; good organisation , strong and fit .
' as manager of feyenoord , koeman plucked pelle from italian side parma .
during his two seasons in holland he scored 50 goals in 57 league