he 's one of the most reviled tyrants in world history , whose perverse doctrines and atrocities revealed some of human nature 's ugliest aspects .
so it 's fair to say adolf hitler is no one 's idea of a brand ambassador .
but in this bizarre prototype advert , the nazi leader makes a ` blink and you 'll miss it ' appearance that leaves a lasting impression .
scroll down for video .
setting the scene : at the start of the advert , viewers are unaware the action takes place in hitler 's hometown , or who the boy flying the kite really is .
stopping short : the clip shows mercedes smart breaking technology off as the car reacts quickly to a pair of schoolgirls who run into the road .
not just any boy : the film changes tone when the young hitler chases his kite into the road and the mercedes smart car takes a very different approach to his safety .
the campaign is created around the slogan ` mercedes : detects dangers before they happen ' .
instead of just alerting the driver when an unseen obstacle appears , the smart car is shown to preempt the damage a young adolf hitler will do in the future .
film students tobias haase , jan mettler and lydia lohse from south germany put the advert together to play on the mercedes theme and apply the idea of a car 's smart technology to human scenarios .
tobias haase said : ` mercedes sells its .
cars on smart technology that prevents accidents from happening .
` we .
wanted to pose the question of what might happen if technology had a .
soul .
' the one minute video is set in a sleepy hamlet where men are digging potatoes in a misty field and children play on rural roads .
a sleek mercedes rolls into the village and uses it 's technologically advanced brakes to stop short of a pair of young girls who hopscotch across its path .
sleek : the film students wanted the commercial to ask ` what might happen if technology had a soul ?
' infamous : when the camera pulls out , the names of the village is revealed .
braunau-am-inn is the austrian town where adolf hitler was born .
in the next scene