aaron ramsey 's second goal against galatasaray was so good it had one former player saying it was unlike anything he 'd seen in his entire career .
as the turkish defenders headed an arsenal corner clear in the first half , the welshman ran to hit the ball , with his left foot on the half-volley .
the ball flew in to the top corner from almost 30 yards out and pandemonium ensued , except , that is , among the home fans .
video scroll down fro sportsmail 's big match stats : galatasaray 1-4 arsenal .
aaron ramsey celebrates after scoring his second goal of the night against galatasaray .
ramsey posted this photo online of him and lukas podolski celebrating their goals after the match .
yaya sanogo looked around stunned and wojciech szczesny held his head in his hands .
lukas podolski , himself the scorer of a brilliant goal earlier in the night , leant down to clean ramsey 's boot .
former gunner paul merson went one further and said : ` i 've never seen anything like it in all my years .
it was phenomenal .
' ramsey , initially at least , felt he 'd scored better .
speaking to sky sports , he said : ` it 's up there -lrb- with my best -rrb- .
i like the norwich goal -lrb- better -rrb- .
' on reflection , though , ramsey appeared to have changed his mind .
he wrote on his instagram account : ` finished the group on a high , now ca n't wait for the draw .
seen my second goal back and definitely my best .
happy for my bro @poldi_official getting 2 goals and congratulations to the boys making their debuts too .
' meanwhile , manager arsene wenger revealed he was unimpressed when he saw the midfielder taking aim , but was impressed with the end result .
` when he took the shot i thought that 's maybe not the best of ideas , ' he told sky sports .
` but the way it went in was absolutely unbelievable .
' ramsey 's shot reached 53.4 mph on its way to the back of the net , and took just over one second to reach its destination .
head here to like our arsenal facebook page .
arsenal goalkeeper