a young man who told police he was beaten up in a would-be hate crime appeared in court today admitting that he made the entire incident up .
the story of joseph baken travelled from missoula , montana across the country when a picture of his scratched and bruised face made waves on the internet .
now , baken has declared in court that he made the false police report after video surfaced of him attempting to do a back flip and failing .
scroll down for video .
before and after : joseph baken told police that he was beaten up -lrb- right -rrb- by three people because he was gay but he later admitted that he falsified that statement only after video evidence emerged .
police say that baken initially claimed three men beat him early sunday after he went into a missoula bar , announced it was his birthday and asked if anyone knew where he could find a gay bar .
photos of baken 's badly bruised face were posted on an anti-homophobia facebook page and other sites , and the case prompted widespread support from the lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender community .
the site alleged that the fictitious assailants used anti-gay curses targetted at baken 's homosexuality .
` nobody deserves this , especially no just because of your sexuality , ' the organizers wrote on the wipe out homophobia page .
shortly after the case began to rise to national attention , police received an anonymous video of baken attempting to do a backflip off of a street curb and subsequently hitting his face on the sidewalk .
as a result , he was charged with filing a false police report , to which he plead guilty on wednesday .
flip fail : video emerged of baken attempting to do a back flip on a missoula , montana curb .
police officer scott brodie says the decision to file charges was partially due to the fear and anger prompted by his claims .
now the same anti-homophobia sites are criticizing baken , saying that he was making light of an issue that is extremely serious to many who are true victims of hate crimes .
the only shining examples in this case ?
the missoula police and officials who montana activists are praising for their swift and sharp response to the