by .
mark duell .
updated : .
06:27 est , 6 september 2011 .
if this sperm donor ever wanted to meet all of his children , it 's unlikely they would fit inside his living room .
he has fathered 150 children , leading to calls that cash-hungry sperm banks are allowing too many children to be conceived from one man .
the sperm donor is not identified but does have a unique number that has allowed half-siblings to get in contact with their extended family .
mum and son : wendy kramer is founder of the donor sibling registry and had her son ryan kramer , 20 , of pasadena , california , through a donor .
cynthia daily , 48 , of washington , used the donor to conceive in 2004 and has searched for his growing list of relatives , reported the new york times .
she has even gone on holiday with other families in the group .
` it 's wild when we see them all together - they all look alike , ' she told the new york times .
parents , donors and health experts are all worried diseases could spread faster with so many children fathered by the same man .
they have even suggested that this raises the chances of accidental incest between half-sisters and half-brothers who often live nearby .
` she 's been in school with numerous kids who were born through donors , ' said one mother , whose teenager daughter was conceived from sperm donation .
` she 's had crushes on boys who are donor children , ' the mother told the new york times .
` it 's become part of -lrb- her -rrb- sex education .
' fertilisation : one donor has fathered 150 children , leading to calls that sperm banks are allowing too many children to be conceived from one man .
critics are concerned fertility clinics and sperm banks are making money from allowing too many children to be conceived from popular donors .
` she 's been in school with numerous .
kids who were born through donors .
she 's had crushes on boys who are .
donor children .
it 's become part .
of -lrb- her -rrb- sex education ' a mother whose daughter .
was conceived via sperm donation .
they want a limit