the rusty bronze fragments of the antikythera mechanism , the world 's oldest computer , are 100 years older than scientists previously thought .
this is according to argentinian researchers who found that an eclipse prediction calendar - a dial on the back of the mechanism - includes a solar eclipse that happened on may 12 , 205 b.c. previous radiocarbon dating analysis of the remarkable mechanism had provided a later construction date of around 100 to 150 bc .
scroll down for video .
the mechanism -lrb- pictured -rrb- was recovered from a roman cargo shipwreck off the greek island of antikythera .
previous studies have shown it was used to chart the movement of planets and the passing of days and years .
scans in 2008 found that it may also have been used to predict eclipses .
the study , by the national university of quilmes , suggests that the process in which the computer predicts eclipses is babylonian arithmetic , rather greek trigonometry .
this ancient device ` predates other known examples of similar technology by more than 1,000 years , ' according to a report by john markoff in the new york times .
the highly complex mechanism , made up of up to 40 bronze cogs and gears , was used in ancient times to track the cycles of the solar system .
it was recovered in 1900 from the antikythera wreck - a roman cargo shipwreck off the greek island of antikythera .
scans of the mechanism in 2008 found that it may also have been used to predict eclipses , and record important events in the greek calendar , such as the olympic games .
the scans also revealed the mechanism was originally housed in a rectangular wooden frame with two doors , covered in instructions for its use .
at the front was a single dial showing the greek zodiac and an egyptian calendar .
on the back were two further dials displaying information about lunar cycles and eclipses .
the calculator would have been driven by a hand crank .
earlier this year , an expedition led by the greek government returned to the ancient shipwreck of antikythera using the exosuit - a state-of-the art , deep sea diving suit .
antikythera -lrb- highlighted -rrb- which now has a population of only 44 , was once one of antiquity 's