by .
mark duell .
the furious granddaughter of a first world war hero today called for church officials to remove a shed which was built over his grave .
private walter perry , of bletchley , buckinghamshire , was a member of the territorial army and signed up to fight for his country in november 1914 .
the soldier - from the northamptonshire regiment 1st battalion - was wounded during the battle of givenchy in france just one month later , and died of septicaemia in january 1915 at the age of 34 .
removal plea : a shed was built over the grave of private walter perry in bletchley , buckinghamshire .
location : pte perry 's granddaughter has visited his grave at st mary 's church -lrb- pictured -rrb- since she was a child .
his granddaughter , ann dallas , 72 , has been visiting his grave at st mary 's church in bletchley since she was a child .
she has recalled how her mother winifred chandler was shocked when she went to visit the grave 64 years ago and found a brick triangular building sitting where her father 's grave should be .
at the time builders had even moved pte perry 's headstone without the family 's consent to make way for the shed .
the headstone now sits less than 4ft away from the shed wall - and pte perry was more than 6ft tall .
church officials are said to have continued to refuse to remove the ramshackle structure , which also covers pte perry 's grandparents ' graves - despite it being derelict and covered in rubbish .
relatives : pte perry kept this image of his family while at war .
pictured is his mother amy -lrb- centre -rrb- , the standing girl is elizabeth perry , the boy on her lap is robert perry , and the other baby is winifred chandler .
` dark and dank ' : pte perry 's granddaughter says the area is ` full of beer bottles , rubbish and even human excrement ' pte perry 's widow amy , who died in 1954 , had purchased the adjoining plot - but when she died she had to be buried in reading , berkshire , because of the shed .
` it would be wonderful if , during this ww1 centenary year ,