by .
craig hope .
follow @@ craighope01 .
roy hodgson praised the second-half impact of ross barkley and jack wilshere following england 's goalless draw with honduras -- but he bemoaned the absence of raheem sterling .
the three lions signed off from their world cup preparations with a frustrating stalemate against the central americans in miami , a match which was delayed for 30 minutes during the first half because of an electrical storm .
england did press for an opener following the half-time introduction of midfield duo barkley and wilshere and they were arguably the two biggest positives to emerge from the game .
missing : raheem sterling -lrb- right -rrb- was forced to miss saturday 's game with honduras after being sent off against ecuador earlier in the week .
impact : ross barkley -lrb- right -rrb- showed glimpses of his ability after coming on in the second half .
in control : jack wilshere -lrb- centre -rrb- looked lively after entering the action as a substitute .
and while hodgson was cheered by their contribution , he conceded that not being able to call upon the suspended sterling was a frustration .
` i 'm disappointed raheem sterling could n't play because in games like this , where you have the ball in and around the penalty area , players like him with that incredible dribbling skill can make the difference , ' he told itv .
` i thought that ross barkley and jack wilshere added a great injection of attacking flair to our game .
` we really did take the game to them in the second half in particular .
` we pushed them back but unfortunately it was that last pass or last shot which did n't go our way .
` i will take the draw and that we got away without injuries and that we have experience against central american opposition .
' he added : ` it 's time for the real thing now .
we 've had these three weeks and it could not have gone much better .
' reasons to be cheerful : roy hodgson was pleased with the performances of barkley and wilshere .
frustrated figure : daniel sturridge kicks out at a post as england failed to break down honduras in miami .