hundreds of thousands of pensioners will dip into their savings next year .
more than 200,000 pensioners are likely cash in their entire retirement savings next year when new pension reforms are introduced , pollsters revealed last night .
research by ipsos mori for the times has found that one in five oaps will use part of the windfall to pay for a holiday .
the study is the first detailed examination of chancellor george osborne 's reforms , in which those aged over 55 can dip into their retirement savings for the first time without having to pay punitive tax rates .
mr osborne announced he was scrapping the current rules next april .
when the measures were first announced in march , the treasury did not give estimates as to how many would take advantage of the reforms or how their money would be spent .
the 200,000 figure is calculated from the latest research , which suggests 12 per cent are planning to cash in their entire pension pot .
and when pensioners spend their cash , it could mean a windfall of up to # 1.6 billion in tax for the treasury , according to financial company hargreaves lansdown .
tom mcphail , head of pensions research at the broker , said this revealed many were significantly underestimating the amount of tax they would pay despite the reforms .
a quarter of each lump sum taken out will be tax-free -- with the remaining amount taxed at the marginal rate .
the poll found the most popular choice -lrb- 23 per cent -rrb- would be to save the money .
but 21 per cent would choose to put it towards a holiday , 8 per cent said they would spend the cash on cars , and 12 per cent said some would go towards diy .
liberal democrat pensions minister steve webb has previously shot down the idea pensioners would blow their savings .
chancellor george osborne announced he was scrapping the current pension rules next april .
when mr osborne 's announcement was made , he said : ` if people do get a lamborghini and end up on the state pension , the state is much less concerned about that and that is their choice .
' other popular choices were spending pension money on the family -lrb- 14 per cent -rrb- and paying