david furnish , zachary furnish-john , elijah furish-john and sir elton john at the woodside end of summer party .
say what you like about sir elton john , but he certainly knows how to throw a party .
for years , his annual white tie and tiara ball -- held at his opulent woodside mansion in old windsor , to raise money for his aids foundation -- has been one of the social events of the season .
now , having apparently been scrapped because of an influx of ` riff-raff ' , the event was reborn on thursday night as the woodside end of summer party .
liz hurley was there , along with an eclectic selection of sir elton and david furnish 's chums , including comedian david walliams , actor sir ian mckellen and designer jasper conran .
so what went on in old windsor ?
who is the millionaire who paid # 50,000 to kiss elizabeth hurley ?
and why was david furnish the big talking point of the night ?
here come the d-listers .
not everyone who came to the # 3,000-a-ticket event in the grounds of sir elton 's lavish home was in the superstar bracket .
male model david gandy -- who turns up at parties all over town -- was there , as was socialite tamara beckwith , who pronounced herself knocked out by the ` festival vibe ' of the party .
hollyoaks actor kieron richardson also scored an invite , as did rosanna davison , the daughter of crooner chris de burgh , who is known mainly for winning miss world way back in 2003 .
higher up the celebrity food chain , sir elton played host to david walliams and his supermodel wife , lara stone , and also comedian jimmy carr and his girlfriend karoline copping .
lulu was in attendance , too .
in previous years , sir elton has welcomed such luminaries as catherine zeta jones , rod stewart , naomi campbell as well as former u.s. president bill clinton and the duchess of york .
the lack of big-hitters this year , it seems , was mainly down to timing .
at this point in the calendar , the hollywood crowd are in venice for the film festival , while the fashionistas are in the big apple for new york fashion week .