by .
rob davies .
published : .
11:45 est , 9 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
02:22 est , 10 september 2012 .
if you think your tax bill must be a mistake , you could well be right .
well over half the complaints made against the taxman are upheld by hm revenue & customs ' own internal complaints system .
of 58,110 complaints received in the year to the end of march 2011 , hmrc found against itself in 57 per cent of cases , while its performance is getting steadily worse , according to internal data .
grievances submitted by individuals and small businesses range from poor treatment by hmrc staff to delays and errors in the tax bill .
in the wrong : well over half of complaints about the taxman were upheld , according to hm revenue & customs ' own internal complaints system .
` the number of cases where hmrc has admitted it got something wrong is remarkable , ' said george gillham , legal director at law firm pinsent masons .
` it suggests that if you make a complaint to hmrc , they 'll probably decide you 're right , at least in part .
' he said many taxpayers are unaware that they can use hmrc 's internal complaints system to reclaim substantial sums , even if their tax bill is correct .
other reasons to claim money back include mistreatment by hmrc staff and errors which force taxpayers to incur financial costs .
` many complaints result in hmrc writing a tax liability off or offering compensation - and quite a lot of money can be at stake , ' said mr gillham .
` hmrc is prone to making errors .
it 's unfortunate , but it 's true .
' he blamed budget cuts for reducing the amount of skilled employees on hmrc 's ` frontline ' , as well as the ` massively increased complexity ' of the tax system in the past fifteen years .
many of the complaints concern hmrc 's debt management office , which chases taxpayers who deemed to owe money to hmrc .
the dmo does not judge whether hmrc is right to claim the money back and some taxpayers have complained that it has pursued innocent people in a ` heavy-handed ' manner .
` the