a blind pennsylvania man has died after accidentally setting his clothes on fire while trying to warm a towel in a microwave oven .
james shaffer , 68 , told investigators he was warming the towel to put it on his sore leg tuesday evening in stonycreek township .
but investigators say using a microwave to warm a dry towel will cause it to burn within 15 seconds .
shaffer did n't realize the towel was burning , and set his flannel shirt on fire when pulling it out of the microwave .
tragedy : james shaffer , 68 , who was legally blind and had lived alone for the last 25 years , accidentally set himself on fire without realizing on tuesday at his home in johnstown , pennsylvania -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
emergency : despite suffering burns to 80 percent of his body , shaffer was conscious and calm with emergency crews arrived at his house , and even apologized to them .
once alight , he managed to make his way down the hall to the bathroom and put the flames out using the shower .
however oakland fire department deputy chief david ream says shaffer suffered burns to over 80 percent of his body in the process .
he remained calm and even apologized to emergency responders as he was taken to a pittsburgh hospital .
` he was very apologetic , he was telling us every couple of minutes that he was sorry , he should have known better , ' ream told local station wjac tv .
` he was very , very calm for the situation we had at hand .
` we were shocked .
` he was talking to us , just normally like we 're talking back and forth , with no issues .
' devastated : the accident has rocked the small tight-knit community , said oakland fire department deputy chief david ream -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
self-sufficient : shaffer was described as lovely , intelligent and independent .
tragically shaffer died in hospital early wednesday , officially from smoke inhalation .
the accident has devastated the tight-knit community of johnstown .
neighbors told the local network hat shaffer had lived in the area for 50 years , and had lived alone for the last 25 .
he was described as an extremely intelligent and lovely man .
his