singer cher has petitioned a court to allow a 96-year-old woman to return to her home in northern virginia .
edith hill was taken away from her new 95-year-old husband last year after a court accepted she did not have the mental capacity to enter into a marriage .
however , the 68-year-old singer was so moved by the story of mrs hill and eddie harrison that she has pledged to help mrs hill return home .
cher was moved to act after she saw a documentary on edith hill and her husband eddie harrison .
a court ruled that edith hill , left should be removed from her home and transferred to florida .
her husband eddie harrison remained at home in virginia but later died a couple of weeks after they were split apart .
unfortunately mr harrison died several weeks after his wife was taken away .
however , cher was inspired by the story and decided to act on behalf of mrs hill and see whether it was feasible to return her to her long-term home .
a judge in mcclean , virginia has ruled that mrs hill should be returned home following cher 's commitment .
mr harrison died in december , just weeks after hill was taken away to florida on the recommendation of a court-appointed guardian , but a custody dispute continued over who should care for hill and where she should live .
cher said she will help pay for needed upgrades to hill 's family home in alexandria .
in a telephone interview , cher expressed frustration that eddie and edith had been split up against their wishes .
she said : ` this whole thing is a travesty , what happens to old people .
once they do the repairs and she comes back home , it 's going to be bittersweet because she only wanted to be with him .
' earlier this month , after cher offered to pay for the home improvements , a judge ordered that hill should return to alexandria once repairs are complete .
mrs hill 's daughter rebecca wright said : ` mom 's coming home !
' mrs hill was in favour of her mother 's marriage to mr harrison .
mr harrison and mrs hill had been companions for more than a decade before they got married .
in december ,