by .
belinda robinson .
published : .
12:37 est , 18 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
13:26 est , 18 march 2014 .
no playing : idyllic brandon hill park in bristol could be one of the ares that kids can not play under plans proposed by the council .
killjoy council officials .
have unveiled plans to ban kids from climbing trees and playing ` annoying ' balls games in public parks or they 'll be fined # 500 .
the strict new rules proposed .
by bristol city council would also ban adults from entering a children 's play .
area unless they are in charge of a child under 14 .
this could effectively ban .
mothers and fathers from chatting to friends who do not have children while they keep an .
eye on their own child .
the by-laws would also ban .
barbecues outside designated areas and even ` repetitive ' music in 207 city .
parks .
critics claim that sun .
shelters and windbreaks could also be banned under sweeping rules to prevent .
tents being erected .
some local politicians have .
slammed the proposals - which could see law breakers fined # 500 for doing any of these activities - as an .
` over-reaction ' to complaints about anti-social behaviour .
councillor dr mark wright .
said : ` the proposed new bans are a massive over-reaction to issues that are .
either better managed by education and common sense , or are a natural result of .
demographics with different world-views using public areas together .
` the vast majority of .
city-centre residents have no garden and live in purpose-built or converted .
flats .
for them , public parks are the only open space they have access to .
` the large majority of parks .
have no designated barbecue facility and most likely never will .
` the ban on barbecues .
everywhere except designated areas is therefore a de-facto total ban on .
barbecues in the vast majority of parks , and for the large majority of central .
residents with no garden it is a de-facto ban on enjoying barbecues full stop .
' banned : children could be stopped from playing ball games outside a designated area .
no climbing : council officials have unveiled plans to ban