published : .
17:34 est , 31 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
18:40 est , 31 october 2013 .
a university of michigan fraternity has sparked outrage after its brothers planned a ` racially and sexually offensive ' party dubbed ` world star hip hop presents : hood ratchet thursday .
' the event , planned by theta xi , was advertised in a facebook invite with a picture of a black man holding a wad of cash and said things like ` we goin back to da hood again !! ' and ` hood ids will be checked .
' after fielding numerous complaints from offended students , the university has cancelled the november 7 bash , which requested ` bad bitches , white girls , basketball players , thugs and gangsters ' to attend .
outrage : the event , planned by theta xi fraternity , pictured , was advertised in a facebook invite with a picture of a black man holding a wad of cash and said things like ` we goin back to da hood again !! ' and ` hood ids will be checked ' the students said the invitation parodied black culture and offended women , referring to twerking contests , calling females ` bad bitches ' and repeatedly using the word ` ratchet .
' u-m officials sent out an email thursday morning reprimanding the fraternity for the planned event and stating that the school plans to sanction the fraternity and offer educational forums , according to mlive.com .
` the language of the invitation and theme of the party denigrated all women and african american/black identified people through racial stereotypes and cultural appropriation , ' the school 's vice president for student affairs e. royster harper said in an email .
` this behavior is offensive , disrespectful and unacceptable at the university of michigan .
it is unhealthy and harms everyone in the community .
it is in direct contradiction to the values , policies and expectations of the university and will not be tolerated .
' as well as cancelling the party , the national fraternity headquarters has imposed social restrictions on theta xi pending a full investigation .
the university said the fraternity would be offering an apology but as yet it has n't commented .
` disturbingly , negative stereotypes and misogynistic behavior are woven