muhammad ali 's daughters hana and may may have revealed their father is doing ` fine ' despite the legendary boxer being unable to attend last wednesday 's premiere of ' i am ali ' .
hana and may may have played down fears surrounding their father 's health in an exclusive interview with nbc news ' today .
in a sit down interview with matt lauer , may may said : ` unfortunately , certain family members that do n't understand parkinson 's might misspeak because they do n't see him as often so when they do see him , they think he 's doing worse than what he is .
legendary boxer muhammad ali , pictured in 2013 with wife lonnie , was unable to attend the premiere of a documentary about his life .
ali , pictured at the 1996 olympic games in atlanta , is doing ` fine ' despite initial fears surrounding his health .
daughters hana -lrb- left -rrb- and may may -lrb- right -rrb- spoke about their father on nbc 's today .
hana and may may were speaking with american television journalist matt lauer on the today show .
ali was diagnosed with parkinson 's disese in 1984 .
parkinson 's disease is a condition which has a major impact on the nerve cells in the brain .
the main symptoms include body tremors , stiff/inflexible muscles and slow movement .
` but he is fine people , do n't be worried .
' hana added on the former boxer 's inability to communicate : ` for me that 's been frustrating , my father still communicates and we 're lucky to be able to talk to him and see him more often than most people , so we still get it , it 's just a softer voice .
` now we have the blessing of these audio recordings .
' ali 's two daughters also commented on what their father was like around the house before he started suffering from parkinson 's disease .
` for us he was larger than life at home too .
he chased us around the house in halloween masks when it was n't halloween , he was always playing jokes , doing magic tricks , ' said hana .
` he had a spiritual side around the house that was pretty profound , '