these images show the disgusting hygiene standards at a chinese restaurant run by an owner who has been convicted three times for having filthy kitchen conditions .
shek kwok , 60 , was handed a life ban for selling food after he admitted a string of serious hygiene charges relating to the oriental cuisine restaurant in brantham , near ipswich , suffolk .
when council workers arrived at the restaurant on january 9 last year they were horrified to discover surfaces and floors were unclean while crispy seaweed was sitting in a dirty microwave .
disgusting : a bowl of crispy seaweed was found lying in a dirty microwave at the oriental cuisine restaurant .
filthy : council workers were horrified to discover surfaces and floors were unclean , pictured is a mouldy chopping board .
a fridge door was damaged and dirty and cardboard was being used to repair the problem , ispwich crown court heard .
the team also found there was a danger of cross-contamination between two sinks , a dirty washing up rack with packaged food , open raw eggshells and pieces of battered chicken on it .
one of the wash basins was full of water with droplets of oil on the surface , blocked by rubber gloves , a floor grate was also damaged .
rice in a half-open hot cupboard was tested and found to be at a temperature between 50c and 53c when it should have been kept at 63c .
shek kwok , 60 , admitted seven serious hygiene offences at ipswich crown court yesterday .
there was an outbreak of dangerous salmonella food poisoning at the same restaurant in 2002 when it was called the szechuan inn .
the incident resulted in successful civil claims by customers affected which ended with payouts by the restaurant 's insurers .
in 2004 kwok and his company were each fined # 700 and ordered to pay costs for offences under two sections of the food safety act .
at the same restaurant in 2008 , he breached three food hygiene offences and again had to pay fines and costs totalling more than # 16,000 .
following this third incident , which involved seven charges , recorder simon blackford made him subject to an indefinite hygiene prohibition order and gave him a community order with a three-month curfew from 9pm to 2am .
kwok