iain duncan smith 's officials have attacked a church-backed campaign that claims his benefit changes are forcing people to go to food banks .
in a striking billboard advert that says ` britain is n't eating ' , the charity church action on poverty uses the famous image from the conservatives ' 1979 election poster , ` labour is n't working ' .
the highly political charity poster features the same long line of people used to illustrate dole queues under jim callaghan 's ailing government , but this time places them outside a food bank .
provocative : a church advertising campaign blames benefits changes for more people visiting food banks .
copycat : the church handout echoes the tory election poster famously designed by saatchi and saatchi .
it reads : ` thousands are going hungry because of benefit changes .
call for urgent action .
' but a spokesman for mr duncan smith 's department for work and pensions said there was ` no robust evidence ' welfare reforms are linked to increased use of food banks .
the charity , supported by the church of england and other churches , says on its website that half a million people used aid from food banks this year .
iain duncan smith 's department has said there is no evidence that welfare changes are behind increased use of food banks .
it claims ` the single most common reason for people to need food aid is that their benefits have been changed , delayed or stopped ' .
the figures appear to come from the trussell trust , which runs 400 food banks in britain .
its chairman , chris mould , has been accused by mr duncan smith of ` scaremongering ' and ` political messaging ' by claiming the use of them is linked to welfare reforms .
in a letter leaked yesterday the work and pensions secretary rejected the idea , writing : ` i strongly refute this claim and would politely ask you to stop scaremongering in this way .
` i understand that a feature of your business model must require you to continuously achieve publicity , but i 'm concerned that you are now seeking to do this by making your political opposition to welfare reform overtly clear .
' he told mr mould that the dwp 's record in processing welfare