by .
sarah griffiths .
published : .
09:28 est , 16 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:29 est , 16 october 2013 .
moose populations are declining rapidly and could disappear from some states in north america .
but while scientists have noticed the steep drop in numbers in minnesota , new hampshire , montana and british columbia , the reason for the animal 's plight remains a mystery .
scientists ' theories range from brainworms infecting animals to ticks sucking their blood that could be depleting populations but it seems that global warming could be a common theme .
biologist nicholas decesare , of the montana department of fish , wildlife and parks , who counts moose in the state , told the new york times ` there 's fewer moose out there , and hunters are working harder to find them ' minnesota had two separate moose populations just 20 years ago but one of them has all but vanished , while the other is falling from 25 per cent a year to around 3,000 animals , despite hunting permits almost halving since 1995 .
biologist nicholas decesare , of the montana department of fish , wildlife and parks , who counts moose in the state , told the new york times ` there 's fewer moose out there , and hunters are working harder to find them ' .
one theory is that climate change is damaging moose populations .
winters are shorter and autumns milder in new hampshire , leading to the animals suffering from more parasitic ticks .
moose living in minnesota have been found to have brain worms and liver flukes - parasitic flatworms that feed on blood and are located in the liver that spend most of their lives in snails that live in moist areas .
global warming could also be affecting moose as the creatures , which are built for cold weather , can expend extra energy staying cool in milder weather , which can make them exhausted and even kill them .
moose living in minnesota -lrb- pictured -rrb- have been found to have brain worms and liver flukes .
global warming could also be affecting moose as the creatures , which are built for cold weather , can expend extra energy staying cool in milder weather , which can make them exhausted and even kill