by .
luke garratt .
dramatic footage has been released showing the first rescues since the darington landslide that obliterated a community last month .
the landslide in washington state has so far claimed 29 lives , but there was a ray of hope in the form of a woman who was among the first rescued , winched to safety with the only possession she has left ... a painting of a wolf .
robin youngblood , from oso , a woman of native american faith , can be seen clutching the painting , which she claims represents the spirit animal that helped keep her alive during the fatal landslide .
scroll down for video .
randy fay and robin youngblood stand with the painting -lrb- left -rrb- which is her only possession left after the catastrophic landslide that claimed her house .
the landslide claimed almost everything that robin youngblood owned , but thanks to search and rescue worker randy fay -lrb- pictured hanging from helicopter -rrb- she was able to keep hold of one possession - a painting of a wolf .
ms youngblood was lifted on the first rescue helicopter hours after the landslide in oso last month .
like many others , her house was completely leveled , but she was luckily saved by rescue crew member randy fay .
the incredible footage shows mr fay saving ms youngblood , only to save the painting which coincidentally floated past them at the time of rescue .
according to ms youngblood , the painting bobbed on the surface of the muddy water and floated right next to her while she waited for rescue .
randy fay hands the painting to another worker : robin youngblood saw the painting bob over towards her in the water just before her rescue , and considered this a sign from her creator that she was saved .
robin youngblood is led away to safety by her saviour randy fay , who also saved her wolf painting .
she believes that the appearance of the painting was no coincidence .
ms youngblood said : ` it 's a cherokee night warrior , and the title of the painting is `` wolf vision '' .
` for me it was sort of a sign that the creator was protecting us and that we were going to make it out of there .
`