by .
toni jones .
trend-setting british model rosie huntington-whiteley made the world sit up and pay attention last week when she wore a tight ribbed vest on a trip to a hollywood salon .
the 25-year-old 's pretty summer outfit featured a printed knee-length skirt , on-trend aviators and a coffee-coloured top showing off two very obvious nipple outlines .
and now fashion tome grazia is claiming that nipples could be one of the hot new style tricks of the spring season .
rosie huntington-whiteley sported the braless look last week in hollywood prompting the fashion press to declare that nipples are back in style .
the lingerie model is the latest star to brave the look now that spring has arrived .
as an underwear model rosie is used to her chest being the centre of attention and her lingerie line for m&s is currently the store 's best-selling range .
but it was her brave braless wardrobe choice that grabbed the attention of the fashion magazine , who claim that the saucy style option is a result of spring catwalk trends .
grazia daily billed rosie 's look as a ` trend alert ' today and said ` we reckon the wave of celebrities out and about -lrb- literally -rrb- could be down to the catwalk clothes of this season .
` some .
of spring/summer 's most significant trends call for styling sans .
brassiere and flashing a risqué amount of flesh .
even dior 's extremely .
ladylike finale looks -- which consisted of crew-neck black tees and .
ankle-sweeping full skirts - were a little bit cheeky because the fine .
gauge tops revealed a subtle hint of nip .
` those ultra-deep v necklines on the runways of christopher kane and celine are gathering apace , too .
and that 's before we even consider the crop tops , spaghetti straps , sporty sheer layers and all manner of strapless frocks around .
' anne hathaway 's perky prada dress at the 2013 oscars inspired the @hathawaynipple twitter handle .
blonde rosie is n't the only star to whip off her bra .
fellow clothes horse kate moss is a huge fan of letting it all hang out when she is dressed down on her days away from the studio .
and at the oscars in february anne hathaway 's perky prada gown