america is poised to ask britain to support air strikes against jihadi positions in northern iraq , it was reported last night .
the white house believes the uk and australia would be willing to join in such an air campaign , according to the new york times .
and it claimed officials are on the point of asking the prime minister -- as well as leaders of a string of other countries including qatar , jordan , turkey and australia -- about it .
scroll down for video .
request : america is poised to ask britain to support air strikes against jihadi positions in northern iraq , it was reported last night .
above , a us navy f/a -18 sets off to strike is positions in iraq earlier this month .
leaders : barack obama -lrb- left -rrb- is said to be on the point of asking david cameron -lrb- right -rrb- - as well as leaders of other countries including qatar and australia - if they would be willing to join in such an air campaign .
however , downing street sources said yesterday no request from the obama administration had yet been made , and that uk involvement in air strikes would need ` a lot of discussion first ' .
parliament is expected to debate the issue when it returns on monday .
the prime minister has previously indicated that any military action would have to be approved by mps .
britain is already supplying intelligence , surveillance and support from special forces as well as refuelling facilities to warplanes .
but taking part in air strikes would mark a major escalation .
it is also currently preparing to join the .
us in resuming humanitarian air lifts to ferry aid to 12,000 members of .
the turkmen community besieged for two months by islamic state .
militants in the northern town of amerli .
as the uk announced a further # 10million worth of aid to iraq , senior defence planners were asked to ` scope ' how a mission to ease the plight of those stranded could be launched .
it would be likely to follow us air strikes on islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- positions and involve both special forces and raf hercules transport planes operating out of cyprus .
it is feared is has ground-to-air missiles capable of bringing down