a cup of kopi luwak coffee is considered the height of luxury and can cost as much as # 60 , however the price in animal welfare has left a bitter taste .
now selfridges has decided to remove the exclusive and highly prize coffee from shelves following concerns about the impact on the civet cats that are crucial to its production .
selfridges had sold the product , sourced from a small supplier , until october 2013 .
bizarrely , the coffee , which is said to have a uniquely smooth taste , is harvested from the excrement of the civet cat .
` luxury ' : the # 60 cup of coffee , no longer sold in selfridges , is made from the excrement of civet cats -lrb- right -rrb- .
historically , plantation workers in the forests of indonesia discovered that the civet cats in the wild would only eat the finest coffee beans .
they collected the part digested beans excreted by the animals and made coffee that had a unique flavour .
it was believed that the quality of the beans , coupled with the effects of the part digestion in the animal 's body were needed to develop the taste .
as the coffee became known around the world , so a market developed with the result that farmers captured and caged the wild cats to ensure a plentiful and ready supply .
however , animal welfare campaigners found the conditions in the tiny battery farm style cages are often cruel , filthy and inhumane .
indonesian farmers found the cats harvested high-quality beans as they only feed off high-quality ingredients .
undercover video footage by welfare campaigners found the tiny civets exhibiting neurotic behaviour such as incessant pacing , spinning and head-bobbing -- indications that the wild-caught animals are going insane from boredom .
one farmer explained civets are generally kept caged for around three years .
another compared civets eating too many coffee berries to humans smoking , as their health deteriorates during captivity because of a lack of vitamins and nutrition .
the world society for the protection of animals -lrb- wspa -rrb- has campaigned to highlight the suffering with the result that selfridges has decided to remove the coffee from sale .
` dangerous ' : animal rights campaigners claim the discovery ahs led to civets being kept in battery