kremlin agents have contacted american parents trying to overturn the adoption of their ` mentally ill ' russian children , a court heard today .
judge edward mccarty accused moscow of attempted ` intimidation ' as he revealed the new york parents had been contacted by russian representatives .
their lawyer revealed that the parents in the case had been left in a ` state of fright ' when they received the call on their unlisted phone number .
the judge also disclosed that he had been contacted by the russians .
he said he would ` not be intimidated ' and that russia should respect international law and stop sending him letters .
banned : judge mccarty , the surrogate justice for nassau county also made what is thought to be an unprecedented ruling banning any adoptions under his jurisdiction that have been arranged over the internet .
case : a long island couple has asked a judge to void the adoption of their russian-born children because they suffer from serious mental disorders .
russia 's children 's rights commissioner pavel astakhov a key aide to kremlin leader vladimir putin .
he told moscow 's diplomats to demand access to two russian children adopted in the us whose parents want to overturn the adoption , claiming the boy and girl are mentally ill .
the case now threatens to blow up into a diplomatic row at a time when relations between russia and the us are already at a historic low - although there were some signs of a thaw between the two country 's presidents this week .
russia 's children 's rights commissioner pavel astakhov has already called the parents ` despicable ' and ` mentally ill ' - and today one of the lawyers demanded that he be more ` temperate ' in his comments .
at the hearing judge mccarty , the surrogate justice for nassau county also made what is thought to be an unprecedented ruling banning any adoptions under his jurisdiction that have been arranged over the internet .
he hit out during the case of a mother and father who want to void their adoption of two girls from russia in 2008 via major american adoption agencies cradle of hope and spence-chapin .
they claim they were victims of a ` bait and switch ' scheme because the children later developed severe