it was supposed to be a day about celebrating the jersey shore coming back together after the devastating impact of superstorm sandy .
however , while the buildings and boardwalk of seaside heights can be repaired , it seems the relationship between new jersey 's governor and the area 's most famous celebrities - the cast of mtv 's the jersey shore - can not .
the smallest member of the reality cast nicole ` snooki ' polizzi went head to head with governor chris christie on friday at the reopening of the seaside heights ' boardwalk , which featured heavily in the reality series .
not friends : nicole ` snooki ' polizzi went head to head with governor chris christie on friday at the reopening of the seaside heights ' boardwalk following superstorm sandy .
stand off : nicole tweeted that the politician told her the cast were bad for new jersey 's reputation .
the pair had just filmed separate .
segments on the today show when backstage the 25-year-old stopped the .
governor to address why he has been critical about the show 's influence .
on the area in the past .
the incident was caught on tape by asbury park press and it was clear things were frosty between the pair .
while not heard on the video , according to snooki the politician had made his feelings clear .
` getting told why we are bad for jersey .
amazing , ' the star tweeted .
in the video , nicole can be heard asking the much larger man to step back from her as they talk .
` why are you standing so close to me , ' the mother of one asks .
move !
the pair had just filmed separate segments on the today show when backstage the 25-year-old stopped the governor to address why he has been critical in the past and can be heard in the video asking why he is standing so close to her .
leaning comically even closer to nicole , christie says : ` you asked for my opinion .
' trying to subdue the situation cast mate deena cortese , flanked by jennifer ` jwoww ' farley , tells the politician she is from jersey .
' i know you are , i was talking about her , ' the governor curtly replies