the handshake seen ` round the water cooler was no fluke , it turns out .
when president barack obama approached the podium at nelson mandela 's memorial service and made a beeline for a row of foreign leaders -- stopping first to shake cuban dictator raúl castro 's hand -- it came after representatives from the two historically antagonistic nations had already been in talks for six months .
' -lsb- b -rsb- ehind the scenes , ' two daily beast national security reporters wrote on tuesday , ` u.s. and cuban officials have held midlevel discussions in havana and washington on a range of issues , including direct postal service , migration issues , disaster response , and search and rescue at sea .
' during the president 's trip back from south africa , deputy national security adviser ben rhodes told reporters on air force one that ` it 's been quite some time since the presidents of the united states and cuba were even in the same place .
' but he acknowledged that ` we 're in talks on issues associated with .
migration that , again , i think allow for there to be greater .
connectivity particularly among cuban americans and cuba .
' scroll down for video .
president obama shook hands with castro during the memorial service for former south african president nelson mandela , but the ` chance ' meeting may indicate a more ordinary diplomatic future .
confirmed : ` we 're in talks ' with cuba on a wide range of issues , said deputy national security adviser ben rhodes -lrb- l -rrb- , shown with the president on air force one .
news that the two leaders ' deputies have been meeting in secret comes after nearly five years of a foreign policy thaw between the u.s. and the communist island nation , and nearly two decades after mandela himself suggested that the two countries re-evaluate their icy caribbean staring match .
the obama administration has already turned heads by lifting an earlier prohibition on family travel and money transfers to cuba .
but a hostage situation and the iron fist that castro wields against pro-democracy activists have largely kept the u.s. at arms ' length .
national security adviser susan rice laid out a case for the softer approach on dec. 4 during a speech during