by .
fiona macrae .
published : .
15:43 est , 10 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
03:12 est , 11 march 2014 .
an elephant never forgets ... a voice .
a study found the gentle giants can distinguish a warlike tribe from a more peaceable people , simply by listening to recordings of their voices .
not only could the african elephants tell the two languages apart , they could also work out if the speaker was a man or a woman and an adult or a child .
elephants never forget ... a voice : the gentle giants can distinguish a warlike tribe from a more peaceable people , simply by listening to recordings of their voices .
not only could the african elephants -lrb- stock image -rrb- tell the two languages apart , they could also work out if the speaker was a man or a woman and an adult or a child .
this is despite the recordings being just a few seconds long .
the researchers , including conservationist cynthia moss , believe the creatures use voice and language to help them work out which humans pose a threat to them .
they can then choose whether to defend themselves against attack or continue going about life as usual .
the researchers began my making recordings of members of two kenyan tribes repeating the phrase ` look , look over there , a group of elephants is coming ' .
one tribe was the massai , who historically killed elephants as a rite of passage on entering adulthood .
they also take revenge when elephants kill their cattle .
the researchers began my making recordings of members of two kenyan tribes repeating the phrase ` look , look over there , a group of elephants is coming ' .
one tribe was the massai , -lrb- pictured -rrb- who historically killed elephants as a rite of passage on entering adulthood .
the second was the kamba , who farm crops and have a more amicable relationship with the elephants .
the tapes were then played through loudspeakers to groups of elephants in the amboseli national park in kenya and their reactions noted .
the animals were clearly more scared of the massai and bunched together defensively on hearing them speak .
they also used their trunks to sniff at the air