charged : dzhokhar tsarnaev has been formally charged in the boston marathon bombings and he will be tried in the u.s. criminal justice system .
dzhokhar tsarnaev has been formally charged in the boston marathon bombings , officials announced on monday .
tsarnaev , 19 , was arraigned in his hospital bed at beth israel deaconess medical center monday by a magistrate judge , court officials said .
he is specifically charged with one count of using and conspiring to use a weapon of mass destruction - namely , an improvised explosive device or ied - against persons and property within the united states resulting in death , and one count of malicious destruction of property by means of an explosive device resulting in death , according to the criminal complaint .
if he is convicted , he faces a maximum penalty of death or imprisonment for life , as well as a fine of up to $ 250,000 .
the charging documents reveal dramatic new details of the investigation and events following the bombings , including a list of items obtained from dzhokhar tsarnaev 's college dorm room and claims that during a carjacking at least one suspect was advertising his role in the marathon bombings .
` although our investigation is ongoing , today 's charges bring a successful end to a tragic week for the city of boston , and for our country , ' u.s. attorney general eric holder said in a statement .
he will not be tried as an enemy .
combatant because he is a naturalized u.s. citizen and under federal .
law , citizens can not be tried in military commissions , the white house .
said monday .
instead , he will be tried in the u.s. justice system .
tsaernaev , .
who was born in russia , is in serious condition with gunshot wounds to .
his head , neck , legs and hand .
the wound to his neck has made it difficult for him to speak , .
according to hospital officials .
he remains under heavy guard while he receives treatment for his injuries .
scroll down for video .
wounded : dzhokhar tsarnaev , seen here moments after he was pulled from the boat where he was hiding , suffered a throat wound and a leg wound .
his older brother and suspected accomplice in