by .
damien gayle .
published : .
13:19 est , 31 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:39 est , 31 october 2013 .
a panicked german pensioner left two teenage girls crippled after he tried to stop his campervan hurtling down a steep hill by mistakenly slamming the clutch .
holidaymaker arnold kasserra thought he was flooring the brake pedal , but his fiat advantage camper merely gained more speed as it raced down the hill in beer , east devon .
he narrowly avoided mowing down two women in their 50s after he missed a bend and ended up freewheeling the wrong way down one-way common lane .
panicked : german tourist arnold kasserra with his wife evelyn .
kasserra 's whose runaway camper van left two girls badly hurt after he pressed the clutch and not brake pedal as he tried to stop it .
but the out-of-control van then ploughed into a stone wall , went flying and smashed into a group of 16-year-old girls who were out celebrating their gcse results .
at exeter crown court today , 67-year-old kasserra admitted two charges of causing serious injury by dangerous driving and was jailed for 18 months , suspended for two years .
he said he was unable to forget the consequences of his ` error and panic ' .
the two badly injured victims were among a group of of five girls from bristol who had chosen to celebrate their excellent exam results in the quiet fishing village rather than going to loud and popular newquay , the court heard .
both girls - natalie palmer and victoria vipond - had been keen sportswomen , however both have been left incapacitated after suffering severe leg injuries .
the impact also broke natalie 's neck .
in a victim impact statement victoria said she can not wear shoes , has had a toe amputated , uses crutches and has had skin grafts to cover unsightly holes in her shin and foot .
she has not been able to go back to school and has not been able to continue with her love of tap and jazz dancing .
wheelchair bound natalie , who could have died three times from her injuries , has to wear a neck brace , spends most of her time in bed and needs her parents help to do