forget spreadsheets , diaries and time stamps , a design studio in london has created the ultimate work planner made entirely of lego that syncs with online calendars - meaning it is always up to date .
created by vitamins design , the lego calendar is mounted to the studio wall in east london and staff members are each assigned their own mini figure .
each row of flat lego represents a month , with time slots and tasks determined by different coloured and sized lego bricks .
when a photo is taken of the calendar , specially-designed software scans the image , identifies the various parts and syncs the data with an online , google calendar version .
each row on the lego calendar , pictured , represents a month and every column is a day of the week .
staff members each have their own mini figures .
a work project is given its own colour , and a paper colour index is created for each staff .
each lego brick then represents a half day spent on a particular project .
each row represents a month - the vitamins design team have three on the wall of their studio .
every column represents a day of the week and each staff member has their own row .
a work project is given its own colour and an index is created so that everyone knows which colour represents which project .
each lego brick then represents a half day spent on a particular project .
vitamin designs has additionally created software that scans the image , searching for the position and colour of every brick .
it then syncs with a cloud version of the calendar - vitamins design uses google calendar - and the information is synced and automatically updated across devices of anyone who has subscribed to it .
the software has been designed to work with any phone .
vitamins design said : ` one thing we always talk about in the .
studio is how to organise ourselves - it 's something we always think we .
can improve .
` so we started looking at all the different ways people .
organise things ; from post-it notes on computer screens , diaries , to-do .
lists and some really complex project planning software .
' -lsb- the lego calendar -rsb- makes the most