signals : the teachers foundation of malaysia , backed by the malaysian government , has issued guidance to parents telling them how to detect whether a child is homosexual .
it includes children who wear v-neck jumpers , sleeveless t-shirts and tight clothing .
they were once considered the height of fashion , worn by the likes of the prince of wales and tennis champion fred perry as he conquered wimbledon in the 1930s .
more than 80 years after first being sold the v-neck sweater remains as popular with both men and women .
but in malaysia wearing that type of sweater is considered a clear sign that the person could be gay .
government officials in the far east country have issued a series a pointers to parents that they say are telltale signs of homosexuality .
among them is the wearing of a v-neck sweater as well as a preference for sleeveless t-shirts .
teenagers who wear tight , light-coloured clothes and possess a ` chiseled ' physique are also inclined to be gay .
the so called tell tale signs were issued teachers foundation of malaysia and backed by the government .
the country 's deputy education minister mohd puad zarkashinot said few people in the muslim country understood or knew the early ` symptoms ' of homosexuality , bisexuality and transgender inclinations to prevent its spread .
ten seminars have so far been held in malaysia where the how-to-spot gay tendencies were delivered to parents .
more than 1,500 people turned up to the most recent to hear zarkashinot say the guidelines were being issued to help children stay away from ` unhealthy activities ' .
controversial : ten seminars have so far been held in malaysia where the advice on how to spot gay tendencies was delivered to parents .
homosexuality is illegal in the country .
homosexuality is illegal in malaysia and has been described as being against the ` order of nature ' .
last year malaysian officials censored lady gaga 's hit born this way as they said the lyrics promoted acceptance of gays and lesbians .
amnesty international criticised the seminars saying : ` it might sound like something from victorian england , but this is modern day malaysia .
'