those surprised at yaya toure 's apparent desire to talk himself in to a transfer from manchester city this week should not be .
the ivorian 's cv tells the story of a player who has always placed pragmatism above sentiment when it comes to his choice of clubs .
toure , for example , left home as a teenager to play in the belgian second division .
following that came some formative years playing for metalurh donetsk in eastern ukraine .
history also tells us that toure , now almost 32 , never stays in one place too long .
equally , though , toure 's rather clumsy statements of recent times should not be allowed to detract from his legacy at city and indeed in the barclays premier league .
it looks likely yaya toure may leave manchester city this summer but his legacy should be a positive one .
toure has struggled to impose himself upon games for city in the manner seen in previous seasons .
toure 's time at city is defined as a success , bringing two premier league titles to the etihad .
it looks extremely likely that he will leave england this summer .
toure has started to play and sound like an unhappy footballer , the social alliance he has formed with the etihad 's enfant terrible samir nasri hardly helping .
if and when he does go , though , it is for his extraordinary contribution on the field -- and not the unfortunate noise that has started to surround him - for which he should be remembered .
at his club , toure has been fundamental to city 's transition from wealthy hopefuls to twice champions .
back in 2010 , he arrived as a statement signing - a # 24m fee and # 1m a month -- for a club determined to accelerate its own learning curve .
it worked and , on a wider scale , he has simply been one of the most watchable footballers our league has ever seen in its modern form .
i once asked a member of city 's coaching staff if there was anybody quicker at the club than micah richards .
he replied : ` yes , yaya .
not over the first few yards but when he gets going he is unstoppable .
he 's like a truck heading