donning woolly hats , warm jackets and gloves , thousands of runners took to the streets of new york today for the city 's 2014 marathon .
around 50,000 people braved strong winds and low temperatures to compete in the 26.2 mile race , which started on staten island this morning .
some wore wacky outfits to help them get into the spirit of the event , dressing as superheroes , animals and even a ` coatman ' with a tray of drinks .
before the race , runners were spotted shielding themselves from 40mph winds with blankets and sheets of foil at the staging area in fort wadsworth .
scroll down for video .
high turnout : donning woolly hats and gloves , runners cross the verrazano-narrows bridge at the start of today 's new york city marathon .
in good spirits : around 50,000 people braved strong winds and low temperatures to compete in the race , which started on staten island .
dressed up : some wore wacky outfits to help them get into the spirit of the event , including this ` coatman ' carrying a tray of drinks .
cordoned off : a man in a yellow top and orange hat grimaces as he runs across the bridge , which was closed to traffic this morning .
famous face : tennis star caroline wozniacki -lrb- center -rrb- , of denmark , was spotted competing in the new york city marathon today .
success : donning a bright pink top and gloves , wozniacki places her hands on her head as she celebrates finishing the race .
happy : just minutes before the race , the tennis player tweeted : ` ready or not ... here i come ' , left .
right , she celebrates at the finish line .
friends : wozniacki is congratulated by fellow tennis player serena williams -lrb- left -rrb- , of the us , after completing the new york city marathon .
ahead of the group : elite women runners , including buzunesh deba -lrb- left -rrb- , of ethiopia , and valeria straneo -lrb- second right -rrb- , of italy , make their weay across the verrazano bridge at the start of the marathon , during which many runners decided to shed their winter accessories .
there 's always time for a selfie : a man pauses to take