by .
chris brooke .
published : .
07:58 est , 31 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
20:40 est , 31 january 2014 .
sinderby wi 's programme secretary elaine fay managed to persuade north yorkshire police 's armed response unit to hold a demonstration at their january meeting .
it was a long way from jam and jerusalem .
instead of crocheting , felt craft and cakes , the ladies of sinderby women 's institute found themselves confronted by a full arsenal of handguns and automatic weapons .
not only that , there were tasers , cs gas canisters , a battering ram , a stinger device , and stun grenades for them to inspect .
the weapons were laid out by members of a crack firearms unit from north yorkshire police , who had been invited to attend one of the women 's monthly meetings at a small village hall .
the wi group had witnessed nothing like it in its 35-year history .
one woman gasped and another was heard to exclaim ` wow ' as the muscular sergeant roy jakins -- dressed in his obligatory armoured vest -- gave them an insight into his life as a firearms officer .
event organiser elaine fay has been attempting to spice up the group 's predictable talks and demonstrations .
after three years of trying , she succeeded in getting the firearms team to come .
the force initially offered her a neighbourhood watch talk .
mrs fay , 52 , said : ` i thought `` how boring , we need something with a bit more oomph , '' so i just contacted the firearms unit myself .
' official clearance was given 18 months ago and finally the date was booked .
the plain-speaking yorkshirewoman told the sergeant the ladies did n't want to be short-changed .
her instructions were : ` come suited and booted .
we want to see something .
do n't just stand and talk .
' the team from north yorkshire police 's armed response unit took an array of weapons including tasers and a selection of guns -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
members of the wi were also shown items including cs gas canisters -lrb- file picture , left -rrb- and truncheons -lrb- file picture , right -rrb- .
the 11-strong audience of women , .
ranging