a cliff-edge hotel could soon collapse into the sea after authorities decided they could n't afford the cost of building defences .
the blue anchor hotel , overlooking the cliffs at minehead , in somerset , has been forced to close its children 's garden play area that backs on to the cliffs which are crumbling at a dangerous rate of a metre a month .
the play area 's ship was moved at a cost of # 800,000 a year ago to a safer location - one that is now crumbling , as more huge chunks of the beer garden slump onto the beach .
scroll down for video ... the blue anchor hotel in minehead could be lost to coastal erosion after funding for a rescue plan was withdrawn by authorities .
the hotel has reduced the size of its beer garden due to the erosion with 13ft slipping into the sea in just three months .
the regulars joke that they stand on the landward side to even things up .
a plan to build a flood defence wall to keep the hotel from falling into the sea has been abandoned .
in september , a funding bid was made for # 570,000 to build a new section of sea wall between the threatened hotel and watchet .
but west somerset council says it is now dropping its bid altogether due to time pressures and a financial risk .
the cliffs at minehead in somerset are at risk of collapse by a process called abrasion .
this is when the waves crash against the foot , or the toe of the cliff , and start to erode the soft rock .
as the base of the cliff becomes smaller and weaker , it is no longer able to support the weight above it , and this is when the overhang is at risk of crashing into the sea .
the cliffs at minehead are red sandstone , and interestingly are harder at the bottom .
three or four metres up the rock is softer as there is less stone content .
many cliffs in the south west of the uk are described as ` soft ' - often chalky rock or sandstone , whereas many cliffs in the north are granite and described as ` hard ' .
- information provided to mailonline travel by the environment