by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
15:00 est , 26 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:05 est , 27 august 2013 .
reality tv mom kate gosselin has filed a lawsuit accusing her ex-husband and former co-star , jon gosselin , of stealing her hard drive and hacking into her phone and computer to get material for a tell-all book .
a federal lawsuit filed in philadelphia on monday by the mother-of-eight , who starred in ` jon & kate plus 8 ' between 2007 and 2011 , claims that he stole the material for a book called ` kate gosselin : how she fooled the world ' without her permission .
the suit says that the book was written by her ex-husband 's friend , tabloid writer robert hoffman , but has since been pulled from amazon because the material was obtained illegally .
the couple starred in the tv show ` jon & kate plus 8 ' , which detailed life with their twins and sextuplets .
after they separated in 2009 and went through a famously bitter divorce , only kate continued on the show with the children .
jon and kate plus hate : kate gosselin , pictured in a tlc image with her then-husband jon in 2008 , has sued him for allegedly hacking into her computer to steal documents for a tell-all book .
whole family : they starred in ` jon & kate plus 8 ' with their eight children until their 2009 divorce .
` after the couple was separated , jon .
illegally hacked into kate 's email account and her phone and bank .
accounts , ' alleges the suit , first shared on bullyville .
` jon .
also stole a hard drive from kate 's house , which contained private and .
confidential material .
jon the gave them the contents of kate 's email .
account and the hard drive , all of which were acquired illegality , to .
his friend and business partner , tabloid reporter robert hoffman .
` hoffman used the illegally acquired data to publish a defamatory book about kate .
' kate is seeing compensatory , punitive , .
liquidated damages and attorney 's fees and costs in what radaronline .
reported could be a multi-million dollar suit .
even .
though the book was