by .
ted thornhill .
published : .
07:05 est , 4 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
02:09 est , 5 november 2013 .
if there 's one thing we 've learnt from the internet , it 's that domestic cats are curious about their surroundings .
there are hundreds of online videos of felines investigating everything from treadmills to printers .
and their big cousins on the african savannah are just as inquisitive .
evidence for this has arrived in the form of a video in which a cheetah wanders up to the gopro camera filming it -- and licks the lens .
scroll down for video .
spotted : the cheetah wanders over to the camera after it spies it on the ground .
spot clean : the cheetah quickly sets about licking the lens .
the footage has gone viral , with over 130,000 views so far .
the hd hero3 camera had been placed on the ground by wildlife expert matthew copham , from safari footprints , and pointed towards two cheetahs resting near a bush .
at the start of the footage one them wanders slowly over to the camera and begins sniffing it .
and after a few seconds it lies down and gives it a good lick .
perhaps it thought it would taste good -- or maybe the spot clean was carried out over concern there was some dirt on the lens that would ruin shots of it looking magnificent .
after all , we also know that cats take their looks very seriously .
after a short time something appears to spook the cheetah , though , and it suddenly gets up , turns and sprints back to its friend .
got it licked : the cheetah gives internet users a brilliant close-up of its tongue .
off and running : something spooks the cheetah after a short while and it sprints back to its companion .
in the wild cheetahs are found in africa and iran , with their name deriving from the hindi word chita -- which translates as ` the spotted one ' .
they are , of course , famed for their speed -- and have been clocked hitting 70mph for short bursts .
this means that their favoured prey of gazelles , impalas , antelopes and birds often do n't stand a chance