by .
sarah johnson , chris brooke and sam webb .
published : .
15:10 est , 7 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:32 est , 10 january 2013 .
the mild weather that has heralded the beginning of 2013 will be replaced with freezing temperatures , sleet and even snow - and it could last three weeks .
met office forecasters say the temperature could plunge to -15 c in some parts of the north next week as part of a cold weather snap likely to last until early february .
` we will notice the temperature dropping over the next few days and there is a chance of snow on the high ground in the north of the country on thursday , ' said helen chivers , of the met office .
` from next week temperatures will be around 5c and there will be a chance of frost at night , when temperatures could fall to -5 c in the countryside .
' peaceful : people are making the most of the mild weather , such as these sightseers on the river cam in cambridge , but extreme cold , rain and snow are on the way .
chill : a snow plough clears the road of snow near nenthead , cumbria last week .
more scenes like this are expected as a mild early january gives way to harsh winter weather .
the met office also said that winter showers are likely next week and winds .
coming in from the north east may cause snow flurries as well .
the beginning of january 's milder weather meant blossom has started to bloom two months early , thanks to temperatures hovering around 10c .
visitors to cambridge were also making the most of the unusually high temperatures today as they punted on the river cam .
but .
temperatures are set to plunge below freezing this week with a day of .
clear skies and sunshine followed by widespread frost overnight into .
thursday .
warm winds from the south and .
extensive cloud cover have meant that the uk has been experiencing above .
average temperatures for this time of year .
a met office spokesman said : ` we have been seeing a lot of double figures recently .
` average temperatures for this time of year are close to freezing