the ivy league-educated former head of new york mets ticket sales sued the club wednesday , saying she was fired last month after insults and humiliation were hurled at her by the club owner 's son , a top team executive who she claimed was upset that she had a child without being married .
leigh castergine 's brooklyn federal court lawsuit named sterling mets front office llc and jeffrey wilpon , the club 's chief operating officer , as defendants .
it sought unspecified damages and asked that the mets be stopped from future discrimination .
it said the club recognized and rewarded castergine after she was hired in december 2010 as the first female vice president in the teams history until she learned she was pregnant in august 2013 .
according to the lawsuit , wilpon ` became fixated on the idea that castergine would have a child without being married .
' lawsuit : leigh castergine is suing her former employers at the new york mets for allegedly firing her because she was pregnant and single .
he frequently humiliated castergine in front of others by , among other things , pretending to see if she had an engagement ring on her finger and openly stating in a meeting of the team 's all-male senior executives that he is ` morally opposed ' to castergine ` having this baby without being married , '' the lawsuit said .
it added that no one , including the team 's general counsel , challenged wilpon 's statement .
the lawsuit said wilpon also told castergine , a university of pennsylvania graduate , that she would make more money and get a bigger bonus once she was married .
then , it said , he told her ` something had changed ' after the birth of her child and that she was no longer as ` aggressive ' as she used to be .
according to the new york post , jeff wilpon even warned castergine 's co-workers not to take any interest in her unborn child , who was born in march .
she was let go in august .
` do not rub her belly , ' the suit says he commanded .
` do n't ask how she 's doing .
she 's not sick , she 's pregnant .
' after she complained to the team