house speaker john boehner put himself one step closer to suing the president of the united states on thursday , unveiling a resolution permitting the move and attracting return fire from the white house .
announcing late in the day that the legal action will focus on the affordable care act , boehner fumed that barack obama had ` changed the health care law without a vote of congress ' in 2013 , ` effectively creating his own law by literally waiving the employer mandate and the penalties for failing to comply with it .
' the president , he carped , ` believes he has the power to make his own laws .
' the obama administration has taken several actions that republicans say twisted the plain meaning of the obamacare law 's black-letter text , ignoring dates that the law set in stone -- for both practical and political reasons .
the law 's employer mandate , in particular , has been pushed back twice although the law reads that it ` shall apply to months beginning after december 31 , 2013 .
' buried : speaker of the house john boehner criticized president obama 's economic policies during a press conference on thursday but announced his lawsuit plans later in the day as washington lawyers and spokespersons started their evening commutes .
republicans ` actually plan to sue me , ' obama mocked on thursday in texas .
` really ?
really ?
for what ?
you ¿ re going to sue me for doing my job ?
' the administration pushed it back by one year , burying the announcement in a blog entry .
later , the department of health and human services announced another one-year reprieve for some employers .
the mandate requires most large employers to provide health insurance to their workers or pay a financial penalty .
the treasury department suggested in a july 2013 memorandum that it did n't intend to delay the legal mandate -- just the requirement that employers report to the irs whether or not they had complied .
but without those reports , legal analysts have noted , there 's no basis for exacting any penalties .
the supreme court declared in 2012 that the affordable care act passed constitutional muster because the penalties amounted to a tax , a senior aide to house republican leaders reminded