a doctor was killed and a television news station knocked off air when the plane he was flying crashed into a television transmitter on its way in to land .
dr kenneth rice was flying towards preston smith international airport in lubbock , texas , when his light aircraft struck kcbd newschannel 11 's transmitter , knocking it to the ground .
the single-engine piper pa-46 hit the ground north of the broadcaster 's studios , kcbd reported .
smash : the remains of the single-engine aircraft piloted by dr kenneth rice which crashed into a television station transmitter tower as it approached the preston smith international airport in lubbock , texas .
according to the federal aviation administration , dr rice 's plane crashed shortly after dropping off radar screens at about 7.30 pm local time .
` the texas department of public safety confirmed a crash site inside the city limits of lubbock , ' the faa said .
` faa investigators are on their way to the site .
` the national transportation safety board has been notified .
' dr rice , a diabetes expert who worked at university medical center in lubbock , is a co-owner of daedalus air , the company which owned the plane .
alex deleon was in the kcbd parking lot when the tower went down .
he told the broadcaster : ` the antenna or tower just collapsed into two ... i saw it falling this direction , so i got under this awning here , and i just felt like it was over me .
' firefighters told workers at kcbd to leave the building , warning them the remaining transmitter tower was also at risk of collapsing .
steve holland of the lubbock fire department told the daily toreador that the tail section of dr rice 's aircraft was almost totally destroyed in the crash .
` the wings are -- and i have n't spent a lot of time over there looking -- but i believe one of the wings for sure was detached from the airplane , ' mr holland added .
dr rice , a diabetes expert who worked out of university medical center in lubbock , is listed as a co-owner of daedalus air , the company which owned the plane .
according to the faa the flight originated from carlsbad , new mexico