heavy rains in central indonesia loosened soil and collapsed a hill , setting off a landslide that killed at least 32 villagers and left 76 others missing under piles of mud , officials have said .
residents of jemblung village in central java province 's banjarnegara district said they heard a roaring sound followed by the rain of red soil that buried more than 100 houses late on friday .
` the landslide looked like it was spinning down .
i managed to rescue a pregnant woman , but could not save the other man , ' said subroto , who like many indonesians uses only one name .
scroll down for video .
members of the search and rescue team remove a victim 's body at jemblung village in banjarnegara , central java .
at least 32 villagers are dead and 76 others are missing after the mudslide .
loss : a rescuer unearths yet another dead body in the mud .
dozens of villagers are still missing .
rescuers are passed a body bag after a body was discovered in the mudslide , caused by torrential rain .
devastation : police , soldiers and volunteers had used their bare hands and makeshift tools to search for survivors and clear the area on saturday after the disaster struck on friday night .
rescue workers stand near houses buried in the mud after a landslide hit the village of jemblung in banjarnegara .
a ` rain ' of red soil covered 100 homes on friday night .
rescuers are still searching the debris .
sutopo purwo nugroho , spokesman for the national disaster mitigation agency , said 577 people from the surrounding areas had been taken to temporary shelters .
he said one side of the hill collapsed and then another .
` in five minutes , there were three -lrb- major landslides -rrb- and they swept away everything , ' he said .
sutopo purwo nugroho , spokesman for the national disaster mitigation agency , said 577 people from the surrounding areas had been taken to temporary shelters .
there were 2,000 rescuers involved in the operation on sunday , he said .
` we hope we can operate all of the heavy equipment today , ' nugroho told reuters .
` we could not operate the equipment soon after the landslide .
we had to be very careful