by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
23:07 est , 3 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
23:24 est , 3 may 2013 .
kobe bryant is in a court battle to try to keep his mother from auctioning off personal mementos worth upwards of $ 1.5 million from his high school days in pennsylvania and his early years with the los angeles lakers .
a new jersey auction house filed a lawsuit in u.s. district court in camden on thursday for the right to sell the items after the nba star 's lawyers wrote the firm telling it to cancel a planned june auction .
according to court filings , pamela bryant struck a deal with goldin auctions in berlin and received $ 450,000 up front which she intended to use for a new home in nevada .
for sale : an advertisement for an auction of items belonging to los angeles lakers star kobe bryant is seen just before the basketball star ordered the auction house to stop .
deal : a lawsuit by the new jersey auction house claims that kobe bryant 's mother pamela bryant , seen beside his father joe bryant , already struck a deal with them for the items ' sale .
the disagreement is a high-value , high-profile version of a question many families face : can mom get rid of the stuff a grown child left at home ?
in this case , the 900 mementos happen to be worth upward of $ 1.5 million .
among the first 100 or so items pamela bryant intends to sell : the nba star 's jerseys , practice gear and sweatsuits from lower merion high school ; varsity letters ; a trophy for being the outstanding player at the 1995 adidas abcd basketball camp ; and a signed basketball from the 2000 nba championship game .
and then there are rings , for the 1996 pennsylvania high school championship , a pair that the lakers made for bryant 's parents for the 2000 nba championship and one from the 1998 nba all-star game .
according to court filings , pamela bryant struck a deal in january with goldin auctions in berlin , n.j. , which earlier this year sold a rare honus wagner baseball card for a record $ 2.1 million .
gifted : a los angeles lakers championship