a judge has banned a 14-year-old girl from attending every school in an entire county after she filmed herself beating up a fellow pupil .
the teenager , who has not been named , left her victim with a fractured skull after the brutal assault in jacksonville , florida .
the oceanway middle school pupil was charged with aggravated assault and given a blanket school ban by florida circuit judge henry davis .
scroll down to watch video .
shocking mobile phone footage : a 14-year-old teenager can be seen beating up fellow pupil aria jewett , pictured left , in this video filmed by an onlooker .
brutal : around 30 teenagers were said to have stood by and watched as the attack took place .
judge davis ruled : ` this child is a threat to all of the children at any school .
the injunction is a permanent injunction barring this child from returning to any public school in duval county .
' her victim aria jewett , also 14 , has bravely spoken out about the attack .
she told cbs news : ' i tried to walk away .
i did n't even know it was coming .
' shocking mobile phone footage of the assault shows ms jewett being beaten by the schoolgirl who slams her head into a stone wall while around 30 other teenagers watch .
ms jewett continued : ` she had everyone else videotape it .
she had the girl bring me over there .
she probably had this planned .
' drastic : the oceanway middle school pupil was charged with aggravated assault and banned by a judge not only from attending her current school , but all schools in jacksonville , florida .
the schoolgirl revealed how her attacker had a history of videotaped assaults and she had seen five of them , some taking place with school , before she became the next victim .
ms jewett added : ` she still never got expelled or anything .
' but the school district 's superintendent , nikolai vitti , said the judge went too far by banning the teenager from all schools in the county and that she should n't be made a ` scapegoat ' .
a lawyer for jewett 's attacker told cbs news in a statement : ` our goal is to return our