by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
08:16 est , 14 may 2012 .
| .
updated : .
22:07 est , 14 may 2012 .
barack obama 's latest campaign gambit follows a familiar line of attack as it uses mitt romney 's private equity past to cast the republican candidate as greedy , job-killing corporate titan with little concern for the working class .
the president is not the first of mr romney 's opponents to try and paint the former governor of massachusetts as a heartless uber-capitalist - even his republican rivals used the same tactic during the heated primary battle .
but mr obama 's campaign seems to have been particularly unoriginal - as his attack ad is almost identical to one produced by ted kennedy for his senate campaign against mr romney in 1994 , featuring unemployed workers complaining about bain capital , the firm founded by mr romney .
the timing of the obama assault on private equity is also unfortunate , as on monday night the president attended a fundraiser hosted by democratic supporter hamilton e. james , chief operating officer of the blackstone group , which is believed to be the world 's largest private equity firm .
scroll down for the video .
lost jobs : joe soptic -lrb- left -rrb- and jack cobb -lrb- right -rrb- are both featured in the obama ad about bain capital 's role in the closure of the gst steel plant in missouri in 2001 .
at work : mr romney was one of the co-founders of bain , a private equity firm that specialized in consulting .
mr obama is opening himself up to .
criticism with the attack ad , given how similar it is to the message put .
out by mr romney 's other opponents over the years - but the message has .
proved effective in the past , as it goes right to the heart of the .
candidate 's much-touted business credentials .
the same message - that mr romney is concerned only with profits and not with the well-being of those people whose jobs he cut - was echoed by his gubernatorial competitor shannon o'brien in 2002 , and then even by his republican opponents rick perry and newt gingrich earlier this year .
familiar face : one of the men who lost his job