by .
jill reilly .
published : .
07:49 est , 14 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:01 est , 14 january 2013 .
the moroccan woman at the centre of former premier silvio berlusconi 's sex-for-hire trial arrived in court to testify as a witness today - only to learn that the trial did not need to hear her testimony .
karima el-mahroug , 19 , was ordered by the court to appear after failing to show on two previous dates , reportedly because she was in mexico on holiday .
better known as ` ruby the heartstealer , ' she had been called as a defence witness at the trial in milan , which berlusconi had wanted delayed in case it affected his re-election chances .
last witness : moroccan-born karima el-mahroug -- better known by her nickname as ` ruby the heart stealer ' arrives for to testify at milan 's court .
berlusconi is accused of paying for sex with el-mahroug , when she was 17 , and then trying and cover it up .
his lawyer niccolo ghedini said berlusconi would be too busy campaigning for the february election to attend court , but judges rejected the application .
berlusconi , 76 , is accused of paying for sex with el-mahroug when she was 17 , and then trying to cover it up .
both deny sexual contact .
the age of consent in italy is 14 but paying a woman for sex under the age of 18 is a crime .
prosecutors claim he had sex with her 13 times .
arrival : karima el-mahroug , left , arrives in a court room to testify as a witness for the first time , in milan .
order : el-mahroug was ordered by the court to appear to testify after failing to show on two previous dates because she was reportedly in mexico on vacation .
el-mahroug was the last witness due to testify , meaning that a verdict could come before the feb. 24-25 elections in which berlusconi is heading a center-right coalition .
she looked relaxed , chatting with her lawyer , and wore a dark parka with fur trim and carried a louis vuitton handbag .
berlusconi went on trial in 2011 over the sex allegations , which focus on a series of parties he is said to have