by .
daily mail reporter .
updated : .
14:57 est , 16 march 2012 .
though animal rights groups like peta outraged over the deaths of three horses on the set of hbo 's now-defunct series luck , one animal trainer says the animals ' deaths are nothing more than tragic accidents .
matthew chew , who trained two of the three horses that died , reportedly told friends that it has been about luck only -- or rather a lack of it -- that has resulted in the horses ' deaths .
` we were just horribly unlucky ... sometimes s ** t happens , ' he said , according to tmz .
however , peta alleges that he knowingly used ` arthritic and injured horses ' and .
raced even healthy horses more than the recommended amount .
scroll down for video .
things happen : matthew chew , a horse trainer for the now-cancelled show luck , reportedly told friends that 's ** t happens ' after three horses died on the series .
equestrian series : actor nick nolte touches a horse in a scene from ` luck ' , which shows the behind-the-scenes world of jockeys , gamblers , horses and trainers .
mr chew was in charge of both outlaw .
yodeller and marc 's shadow .
outlaw yodeller suffered a fatal injury on .
april 30 , 2010 , and marc 's shadow suffered a catastrophic breakdown on .
march 28 of last year .
dr rick arthur , who worked on the .
production and serves as medical director at the california horse racing .
board , agrees that injuries happen .
` accidents do happen , ' he told tv .
guide .
` it 's not as outrageous as it 's been played to be .
any of these .
accidents are not unique circumstances .
' the third horse , for example , died on .
the way back to its stall and hit her head on the ground .
trainers then .
made the decision to euthanize her .
he said these so-called accidents are not ` unique circumstances .
' controversial : now three horses have died on the set of luck and hbo has suspended filming as the protocols are being reassessed .
from left : joan allen , dustin hoffman , john ortiz and