a woman wielding a shotgun forced her 7-year-old son to jump out of a second-floor st. petersburg , florida , apartment window early thursday before she jumped as well in an apparent suicide attempt , police said .
according to authorities , 7-year-old oscar vail said his mother , michelle vail , said a serial killer was after the family .
spokeswoman yolando fernandez said police got a distress call from the 32-year-old woman around 6:30 a.m. .
she told the dispatcher that her ex-boyfriend was at the door and she needed help .
mother : 32-year-old michelle vail -lrb- seen left and right -rrb- forced her 7-year-old son oscar to jump out of a second-floor apartment window , police said .
officers arrived at the apartment a short time later , but vail would n't let them in , saying she did n't believe they were police officers , fernandez said .
` she was babbling incoherently , none of it made any sense , ' fernandez said .
the st. petersburg police department said in a news release ` the caller , michelle vail , said that a former boyfriend was standing outside her door and she was fearful that he was going to kill her .
` vail also said that she -lsb- was -rsb- armed and officers arriving on the scene determined that she was in possession of a shotgun .
' police also ` noted that she appeared distraught and seemed mentally unstable , ' the release said .
contact : spokeswoman yolando fernandez said police got a distress call from michelle vail around 6:30 a.m. .
she told the dispatcher that her ex-boyfriend was at the door and she needed help .
as officers walked away , they heard the sound of glass breaking .
they returned and could see that vail had a shotgun and was banging it against a door and a wall .
fernandez said officers heard the boy scream .
at that point they knocked down the door , but by the time they reached a back room , the child and mother had already jumped .
oscar was taken to a hospital , where officials say he is in stable condition and being kept for observation .
his mother 's injuries were superficial , according to fernandez .
the news release said that ` the child was interviewed by