mansfield boss paul cox knows his side will be in the cross-hairs of a concord rangers side chasing an fa cup giant-killing on tuesday night .
the non-league outfit , currently 15th in the conference south , travel to field mill for their rearranged first-round clash after the original tie was postponed nine days ago .
the stags are enduring a tough campaign , winning none of their last nine league two fixtures , and cox knows the minnows will travel to nottinghamshire sniffing an upset .
mansfield face non-league minnows concord rangers , but have been struggling for form in league two .
mansfield boss paul cox is wary that if his team are not prepared they could face an fa cup giant killing .
hereford united 2-1 newcastle united -lrb- third round replay , 1972 -rrb- .
norwich city 0-1 luton town -lrb- fourth round , 2013 -rrb- .
west bromwich 2-4 woking -lrb- third round , 1991 -rrb- .
sutton united 2-1 coventry city -lrb- third round , 1989 -rrb- .
kidderminster harriers 2-1 birmingham city -lrb- third round , 1994 -rrb- .
yeovil town 2-1 sunderland -lrb- fourth-round , 1949 -rrb- .
` we have to earn the right to play , ' he told the club 's official website .
` they 'll probably be looking at us and our recent form and probably saying ` this is a game we want to get our teeth into ' .
` as we 've seen in the fa cup , there 's been a number of giant-killings .
any one who underestimates clubs in the lower leagues and non-league football can come up against an almighty shock .
` we want to go as far as we can in it -lsb- the fa cup -rsb- .
it 's something that , in previous years , we have created great memories .
' league one doncaster will also be aiming to avoid a shock when they make the journey to weston-super-mare , also of the conference south .
the original first-round tie was called off just 20 minutes before kick-off last weekend due to a waterlogged pitch so rovers will make the long journey for the second time .
the south yorkshire side will be big favourites to advance to a second-round clash with boss paul dickov 's former club oldham and defender reece wabara knows what