by .
daniel miller .
published : .
05:44 est , 8 july 2012 .
| .
updated : .
11:12 est , 8 july 2012 .
soft sentences : judge gareth hawkesworth jailed a serial paedophile for just five and a half years .
the judge who let a teenage rapist off with a community order handed another soft sentence to a paedophile who preyed on girls as young as five for 36 years , it has been revealed .
judge gareth hawkesworth provoked outrage last week for failing to jail a 14-year-old boy found guilty of raping a girl of four who he was babysitting .
instead he imposed a three-year community order after blaming ` the world and society ' for his exposure to internet porn .
now it has been revealed that in april this year judge hawkesworth jailed a 59-year-old man for just five and a half years despite hearing how he had preyed on six girls aged five to 13 from 1974 until 2010 .
the pervert , a married man from hertfordshire , was convicted of nine charges of indecent assault and gross indecency despite each charge carrying a maximum sentence of 14 years to life .
after reading about the 14-year-old , one of the man 's victims reportedly told the sun newspaper : ` my heart goes out to the family of the little girl involved in the case with judge hawkesworth .
' i too was involved as witness and victim at a sex offender 's trial .
` along with other victims , i was shocked at the short , soft sentence that the man received and the trauma left to me and all victims involved .
` this man has been at it for over 30 years .
it 's destroyed my family .
the whole process that we have been through has been soul-destroying .
' i am just starting to rebuild my life and move forward .
i want to know whether judge hawkesworth will now be investigated .
' last week , the 14-year-old defendant wore his school uniform in the dock as judge hawkesworth told him he would have received a six-and-a-half year jail term if he had been an adult .
he said : ` you have not shown any .
particular sexual interest in children .
i 'm satisfied it was impulsive