by .
steve nolan .
published : .
04:03 est , 16 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:28 est , 16 october 2013 .
with its sleek weave of intertwining curves and its spacecraft-like design , it looks more akin to beijing 's famous ` bird 's nest ' olympic stadium than something that would take to the open water .
but this is the superyacht of the future , likely to become the latest plaything for the uber-rich and the envy of everyone else who will be unable to afford it .
this is the first yacht designed by award-winning architect dame zaha hadid , the brains behind the iconic aquatics centre built in london for last summer 's olympics .
scroll down for video ` tour ' this is the first yacht designed by award-winning architect dame zaha hadid , the brains behind the iconic aquatics centre built in london for the 2012 olympics .
stunning : the iraqi-born british-based architect designed a family of the futuristic superyachts for german shipbuilders blohm + voss .
all the mod cons : how a covered swimming pool might look on one of the yachts .
four of the smaller yachts in the fleet will be customised according to their owner 's wishes .
the iraqi-born british-based architect designed a family of the futuristic superyachts for german shipbuilders blohm + voss .
the upper mesh structure - which has been compared to a skeleton - of the stunning design connects the different decks of the 90m vessels .
dwarfing the five ` smaller ' yachts is a design for a 128m ` mothership ' .
the first of the smaller designs , which will be known as the jazz , has been transformed into a fully workable design .
it combines a sharp torpedo-like prow with a more open back .
the rest of the fleet will be customised according to their owner 's desires .
sleek : the upper ` mesh-like ' structure of the stunning design connects the different decks of the 90m vessels .
ready to go : the first of the smaller designs , which will be known as the jazz , has been transformed into a fully workable design .
beautiful : ` each yacht is an engineered platform that integrates specific hydrodynamic and structural demands together with the highest levels of comfort