mike ashley is poised to tighten his grip on rangers with fresh emergency funding amid claims ibrox will not be used as security .
sports direct , ashley 's sportswear firm , are preparing to lend the stricken club more cash , with a reported # 10million on the table .
the three bear shareholding group , consisting of bus tycoon douglas park , george letham and george taylor , have made an alternative offer of # 5million .
mike ashley -lrb- left -rrb- , with derek llambias , offered rangers a # 10m loan in bid to take control of the club .
the future of the scottish giants remains uncertain following continuing financial problems .
the lodging by sports direct of advanced notices of security against ibrox and murray park last week has raised expectations , however , that the rangers board will opt for a new loan from one of ashley 's companies .
rangers refused to offer any comment on the ibrox claims last night .
but sceptical fans groups have called on the club 's board to provide proof the iconic stadium is safe after the news leaked out on sky , rather than a legally binding stock market announcement .
chris graham of the union of fans told sportsmail : ` they previously confirmed they are looking at ibrox as a security .
if you want to put that to bed you either put out another stock exchange announcement offering a categoric assurance .
ashley wanted to use the ibrox stadium and club 's training ground as security against his loan .
` or you get mike ashley to remove the advance notices from the land register .
` they have done neither of those things .
` i 'm sure this information is coming from somebody close to the board -- but that does n't mean they are telling the truth .
' the news sports direct had taken an advance notice over ibrox triggered a furious backlash .
rangers fans fighting fund backed a legal bid to halt the move while former director dave king has called a general meeting aimed at ousting the current board .
ashley already holds edmiston house and the albion car park as security against previous loans worth # 3million .
caretaker manager kenny mcdowall has added to the turmoil by resigning for ` personal reasons '