juan mata struck twice for manchester united as liverpool were dealt a major blow to their top-four hopes and captain steven gerrard was sensationally sent off within seconds of coming on .
ander herrera 's through ball found mata on 14 minutes for the opener as louis van gaal 's side got off to the perfect start .
brendan rodgers brought on the experience and leadership of his captain gerrard for the second half , but in less than a minute he was soon walking off in disgrace after a stamp on ander herrera .
star man juan mata celebrates his spectacular second goal in manchester united 's 2-1 win over liverpool .
mata scored a brilliant second in the 59th minute as he met angel di maria 's chip into the box with a horizontal volley perfectly buried at the far post , giving simon mignolet no chance .
daniel sturridge weighed in with an opportunistic finish that gave liverpool hope but was n't enough to prevent united securing a five-point gap between the rivals either side of the champions league qualification places .
sportsmail 's chris wheeler was at anfield to assess all the players ' performances .
phil jones posted a picture with mata to twitter and said : ` great result today !
this man was unbelievable !
' liverpool -lrb- 4-3-4 -rrb- .
simon mignolet - 6.5 .
unlucky not to keep out mata 's first goal but had absolutely no chance with the second .
brilliant penalty save from wayne rooney in stoppage time .
liverpool keeper simon mignolet almost saves mata 's right-footed strike that put the reds behind 1-0 .
emre can - 6 .
had his hands full with fellaini in the first half .
guilty of bringing down blind for the late penalty .
martin skrtel - 6 .
coped well with rooney on the whole .
frustration got the better of him when he was involved in a tussle with de gea at the final whistle .
emre can -lrb- left -rrb- dealt with marouane fellaini in the first half but fouled daley blind -lrb- right -rrb- for the penalty .
mamadou sakho - 6.5 .
not always the most composed of defenders , but fought until the end and gave very little away .
adam lallana - 5 .
wasted liverpool 's best chance of the match after