by .
laura williamson .
follow @@ laura_mail .
defending commonwealth heptathlon bronze medallist grace clements has been called up to team england for the 2014 games following morgan lake 's withdrawal .
as first revealed by sportsmail , 17-year-old lake has decided to concentrate on the world junior championships in oregon , usa , instead of competing in the heptathlon in glasgow .
the teenager had a difficult dilemma about whether to prioritise her age-group championships or win her first senior international vest at a multi-sport event without the support of her father and coach , eldon , in the athletes ' village .
up for it : heptathlete grace clements has been selected for team england at the commonwealth games .
all smiles : 2010 commonwealth bronze medalist clements replaces 17-year-old morgan lake in glasgow .
lake said : ` this has been an extremely difficult decision for me to take as i was honoured to be selected to team england , but ultimately it 's right for me and my development to focus on the world juniors .
` i want to wish grace and the rest of team england all the very best and i 'll be cheering them all on .
' the sensitive nature of lake 's withdrawal has allowed england to call up clements to compete alongside jessica taylor and katarina johnson-thompson .
clements , 30 , won bronze behind louise hazel in delhi four years ago .
clements said : ` it is great to be back on the team having medalled four years ago .
i have been through a tough four years , so this is like a dream come true - a fairy tale ending to my career .
i 'm very grateful for this opportunity to compete in the commonwealth games .
' jan paterson , chef de mission of team england , added : ` we would like to welcome grace , our heptathlon bronze medallist from delhi , into team england and i hope her final preparations for glasgow go well .
` we know it was a tough decision for morgan to withdraw from the team , but we send her our very best wishes for the world junior athletics championships .
' out in the cold : lake withdrew from team england 's selection to focus on the world junior championships .
no go