these shocking pictures show the inside of a squalid drug den littered with needles and packs of methadone in the cornish town where poldark is set .
the disgusting images of a flat in bodmin were taken after a woman and her boyfriend were evicted , leaving behind drug paraphernalia , condoms and piles of rubbish .
the state of the property paints a darker picture of a town better known for being where the 18th century historical romance was set .
needles and drug paraphernalia were found among the debris at a squalid flat in bodmin , where poldark was set .
the disgusting images of a flat in bodmin were taken after a woman and her boyfriend were evicted , leaving behind mouldy food , condoms and piles of rubbish .
the state of the property paints a darker picture of a town better known for being where the 18th century historical romance was set .
crisp packets , empty fizzy drinks cans and plastic bags litter the floors of the squalid flat in the cornish town .
bodmin , also known for its legendary beast , was where poldark was set during its 1970s television adaptation .
the grim photographs show debris piled up against the walls , with the floors of the heroin and crack cocaine den covered in needles , mouldy food and cigarette butts .
the popular 1970s adaptations of the poldark novels were set in the town , and a new bbc series based on the romantic novels was also filmed on bodmin moor .
the first seven novels , set in the 18th centuries , tell the story of a ross poldark , a british army officer who returns from the american revolutionary war to find his fiancee , presuming he was dead , about to marry his cousin .
the next five books focus on the children of the main characters and is largely set in the 19th century .
widely considered to be the one of the most successful television adaptations , poldark is set to return to the bbc on sunday with a new series .
many will be hoping the series encourages more tourists to the town , but the photographs from inside the drug den show it is not idyllic as the television programme makes it appear .
the landlord of the two-bedroom flat evicted the tenants