by .
emily allen .
published : .
06:19 est , 5 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
12:23 est , 5 october 2012 .
sky news presenter kay burley has been branded ` insensitive bordering on cruel ' by twitter users after she broke the news of april jones ' alleged murder to volunteers on live television .
mark bridger , 46 , was arrested on suspicion of the murder of april jones this morning suggesting detectives are now looking for the five-year-old 's body .
the development was announced to the media at a police press conference shortly after 10.30 am .
but as the news broke burley , 51 , who has been reporting from machynlleth since april was reported missing , asked two members of the community for their reaction .
scroll down for video .
awkward : sky news presenter kay burley breaks news of april 's alleged murder to two people live on air .
the woman is clearly shocked by the news as it sinks while the cameras roll in front of them .
burley asks the woman for reaction to the news which has sparked a storm of criticism on twitter .
the interviewees - believed to be volunteers searching for april - said they had n't .
heard any updates so burley chose to break the news to them live on air .
with her back to the camera , burley said : ` they -lsb- the police -rsb- do n't expect to find her alive .
criticism : presenter kay burley 's reporting has been branded ` cruel and pointless ' today .
` i 'm sorry to have to tell you in circumstances like this ... would you .
like to say anything ?
' one woman is then seen on camera crying and gasping , putting her hand over her mouth .
the controversial interview , watched by .
thousands of people across the country , sparked an immediate twitter storm with .
users questioning the presenter 's judgement .
it also raises questions over the ethics of rolling live news coverage of such news stories .
labour mp tom watson called the interview ` insensitive bordering on cruel ' on twitter .
lauren laverne tweeted : ` kay burley .
wow .
just wow ' , while lilythepurr said : ` harrowing heartbreaking news .