by .
meghan keneally .
and associated press .
published : .
12:04 est , 14 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
14:36 est , 14 march 2014 .
federal reports have revealed that terrorists would only have to sabotage nine out of the 55,000 electric-transmission substations across the u.s. in order to cause a national blackout that could last for more than a year .
a coast-to-coast blackout has become a very harrowing - and plausible - prospect that has scared federal regulators into issuing warnings calling for widespread security precautions to be put into place .
the wall street journal has published the findings from a federal energy regulatory commission that told how the three electric systems could be brought down entirely by attacks on select stations .
three parts : the united states energy grid is made up of three systems that only have minimal interactions which means that only nine stations would have to be attacked to shut down the whole system .
` destroy nine interconnection substations and a transformer manufacturer and the entire united states grid would be down for at least 18 months , probably longer , ' wrote ferc 's director of external affairs leonard tao in a june memo that was only revealed publicly today .
adding to the problem , the solution is not as simple as just protecting these nine stations because there are reportedly 30 stations that meet the necessary criteria but less than a third of them have to be attacked .
experts differ on the number of stations that would fall into said category - with others putting it closer to 100 - but it does not diminish their concern .
â $ ˜it is neither a monumental task , nor is it an inordinate sum of money that would be required to do so , â $ ™ former ferc chairman jon wellinghoff said in an email to the wall street journal .
at the moment , existing laws focus on security protocols at nuclear power stations as opposed to those that deal with standard electricity .
attacked : fears were renewed over the safety of electricity plants after an attack on the metcalf plan in san jose , california which took place in april 2013 when one or two men attacked 17 towers in less than 20 minutes .
concerned : senators