by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
13:37 est , 8 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
15:25 est , 8 january 2014 .
cctv cameras have caught footage of what could be britain 's most desperate robber .
the ham-fisted thief was filmed trying to smash his way through a post office 's toughened glass screen and two reinforced doors before clambering through a ceiling to snatch just a few pounds from the counter .
moments earlier he was seen pacing up and down the street in failsworth , near oldham , greater manchester , where he was overheard muttering , ' i have no money - may as well do the post office ' .
scroll down for video .
it begins : this is the moment the thief entered the watchcote post office in failsworth , near oldham .
got ta get that cash : as customers are still being served , the robber tries to pull open the locked door to the back .
just ask ... foiled by the lock on the door , the hapless robber tries demanding money from the cashiers .
next : staff are n't having it , so the thief misguidedly tries to use a plastic lottery ticked stand to smash through .
he then burst into the watchcote post .
office so determined to rob it that , after staff refused his demands to .
hand over the cash , he tried four different ways to get behind the .
counter .
first he tried to .
pull open the door to the back .
finding it unsurprisingly locked , he .
turned to the cashiers and demanded they hand over the cash , vainly .
punching the reinforced glass screen .
next .
he picked up a plastic national lottery ticket stand and tried to use .
it as a battering ram to shatter the toughened glass screen .
when .
that failed , he vainly tried again to open the secure doors to the back , .
trying to kick his way through one of them .
and finally he climbed .
onto a shelf and started pulling polystyrene tiles from the false .
ceiling .
despite almost .
getting stuck when his legs fell through the ceiling frame , the .
determined robber was able to clamber through the roof void as