a senior aide to us senator kelly ayotte has resigned after he was arrested for allegedly soliciting a prostitute , the senator 's office said .
david wihby , 61 , was arrested on friday in nashua on a misdemeanor charge for solicitation of prostitution and resigned on saturday , according to ayotte 's office .
wihby has been the new hampshire republican 's state director for the last year and her number-two staffer behind the chief of staff .
ayotte also called wihby her longtime friend .
david wihby , 61 , was arrested on friday on a misdemeanor charge for solicitation of prostitution and stepped down from his government role on saturday .
he is a former longtime manchester city alderman .
former deputy commissioner and interim commissioner of the state department of labor .
wihby also has an elected seat on the manchester school board , according to the boston globe .
' i am shocked and deeply saddened that david wihby , my state director and a friend for many years , has been arrested under these circumstances , ' ayotte said in a statement .
here ayotte -lrb- right -rrb- and wihby -lrb- center , back -rrb- are pictured together on what appears to be a bus .
ayotte said that wihby was her ` friend for many years ' wihby -lrb- right -rrb- has been republican new hampshire senator kelly ayotte 's -lrb- left -rrb- state director for the last year .
he also has an elected position on the manchester , new hampshire , school board .
ayotte talks to reporters in 2014 as wihby -lrb- fifth from left -rrb- stands close by .
ayotte said that wihby resigned because he ` obviously can not continue his duties ' ` david obviously can not continue his duties , and i have accepted his resignation .
this is a very difficult time , and my thoughts and prayers are with everyone involved , ' she added .
nashua police reportedly arrested ten men between the ages of 24 and 62 years old over the course of the last week on charges of prostitution , according to wmur .
all of them men were arrested at hotels after they responded to advertisements from women online .
wihby was released on $ 2,000 personal recognizance and will be arraigned at the beginning of may .
ayotte