by .
tim shipman .
updated : .
07:31 est , 12 november 2011 .
soldiers will go to the top of the queue for a council house or mortgage when they leave the armed forces .
david cameron said ministers would ` strain every sinew ' to do more for service personnel and their families .
the remembrance weekend initiative aims to end the scandal of veterans being left too poor to buy a home and unable to get on a social housing list .
soldiers such as these pictured yesterday during a remembrance service in camp bastion will go to the top of the queue for a council house or mortgage when they leave the army .
their foreign postings mean they lack the connection with an area that town hall chiefs look for when allocating council homes .
ex-servicemen see this as discrimination and , for some , the situation becomes so acute they are reduced to sleeping on the streets .
housing minister grant shapps will issue new guidance to local authorities to put retiring servicemen automatically into the highest priority category for a council house after the homeless .
he will call on them to ` positively discriminate ' in favour of former soldiers , sailors and airmen where tough decisions have to be taken .
anyone leaving the forces will also go to the top of the list for help through the government 's firstbuy scheme , which helps the less well-off buy a house with small deposits .
under the plans , soldiers will get priority for the first year after they leave the services .
housing minister grant shapps will call on local authorities to ` positively discriminate ' in favour of former soldiers , sailors and airmen .
mr shapps has negotiated a deal with credit agency experian , which is used by mortgage firms , to register a ministry of defence po box for use by servicemen .
that means they will be able to build up the credit rating needed to obtain home loans .
the government is investing an extra # 16million this year in a fund for injured ex-servicemen to install disabled facilities in their homes .
the total budget will rise to # 185million .
mr shapps said : ` our brave men and women in uniform are n't looking for sympathy and handouts , but