manchester united 's executive vice-chairman ed woodward was caught on camera apparently swearing in frustration as his side struggled to a draw against west brom .
woodward 's rant was filmed after albion defender andre wisdom hit a shot over the bar with the visitors 2-1 down at the hawthorns .
the united chief was sat next to sir bobby charlton in the stands and , as david de gea took the resulting goal kick , woodward appeared to swear .
video scroll down to watch post-match reaction form louis van gaal and alan irvine .
ed woodward -lrb- right -rrb- looks unimpressed as manchester united find themselves behind for the second time .
woodward appears to be caught swearing in frustration as united again fail to win away from home .
the united executive vice-chairman continues to express his displeasure at the poor result .
some of the options suggested by those on social media included : .
` oh you f ****** waste of money ' ` oh f ****** hell , what is the point ?
' ` oh f *** off where 's he put it ?
' within minutes social media was rife with suggestions over what exactly had been said -lrb- see right for some options -rrb- .
daley blind 's late equaliser secured a 2-2 draw and will have lifted woodward 's mood , but the united chief is likely to feel his expensively assembled team should have won the game .
manager louis van gaal shared his boss ' frustration , claiming his had been the better team and deserved all three points .
` it is two points lost , ' said a clearly frustrated van gaal .
' i think we were the better team .
i am very disappointed about the result .
' i do n't think west bromwich albion has created many chances , i think zero , and we gave the two goals away .
` we have created four chances in the first half and seven in the second half .
i am happy about our playing style but not happy with the result .
' like our manchester united facebook page .
woodward would have been relieved when daley blind equalised for united three minutes from time .
louis van gaal insisted that his team were unlucky not to take all three points despite