by .
sophie jane evans .
from terrifying roars to anguished snarls and evil laughs , it can instantly transform any actor 's voice into a monster 's .
this incredible software was created by orfeas boteas , 27 , during a project for his sound design degree at the university of edinburgh .
and his creation has been a great success - having been used in an array of tv series , films and computer games .
scroll down for video .
software : orfeas boteas , 27 , created this sound effect software during a project at the university of edinburgh .
successful : the software -lrb- pictured , left , with mr boteas -rrb- instantly transforms actors ' voices into monsters ' .
it has been a great success - having produced the voice of ` blurry man ' -lrb- right -rrb- for american drama sleepy hollow .
the software , dubbed the dehumaniser , produced the voice of ` blurry man ' for american drama sleepy hollow , as well as sounds for 666 park avenue and animal planet 's finding big foot .
` creature .
and monster sounds exist in many mediums , including sci-fi , horror and .
animated films as well as video games , ' said mr boteas .
` dehumaniser lets you perform in real time .
it has 35 pre-designed presets for creatures , monsters , experimental voices and dialogue .
' i .
have worked with some of the largest game companies , sound .
post-production companies and distinguished sound designers in the .
world .
technology : mr boteas 's creation , dubbed the dehumaniser , has also been used in a range of computer games .
complex : ` dehumaniser lets you perform in real time , ' said mr boteas , who studied sound design at university .
` it has also been used in many tv series , feature films and video games worldwide .
' the .
former student , who is originally from athens , came up with the notion .
of the dehumaniser , before creating a prototype of it during the .
university project .
he .
soon received hundreds of phone calls about the impressive technology , .
including calls from film , tv and video game professionals .
` after .
posting a video demonstration online , sound