by .
ruth styles .
with her love of horses and appreciation for tradition , the queen is an unlikely fan of contemporary dance .
but that did n't stop her from making a visit to the rambert contemporary dance company 's new south bank home , although she did seem a little bemused during one of the performances .
accompanied by the duke of edinburgh , the queen was wreathed in smiles as she made her way into the state-of-the-art premises ahead of the performance and given a tour of the new building by excited staff .
what 's going on ?
the queen is stony-faced as she watches one of the contemporary dancers perform .
nonplussed : the queen looks less than impressed with the contemporary dance performance .
resplendent in a bright pink coat which she teamed with a matching dress and hat , the monarch appeared to be on good form as she greeted onlookers .
despite recent bouts of ill-health , the duke of edinburgh looked in fine fettle and was dapper in a navy suit that complemented the queen 's cheerful ensemble .
once inside , the couple were treated to a performance from some of the dancers currently on the rambert 's books , although not everything appeared to be to the queen 's liking .
but all that changed when she was introduced to some of the talent at the company , beaming and clearly enjoying the conversation as she greeted dancers who had waited in line to meet her .
one of the uk 's oldest dance outfits , the rambert contemporary dance company was founded in 1926 by polish émigré marie rambert who hoped to pioneer contemporary choreography and support aspiring dancers .
baffled : the queen looks on while the duke suppresses a smile during the modern dance performance .
intrigued ?
her majesty looks on as some of the dancers at the company go through their routine .
conversation : the queen seemed to be enjoying her chat with this pair of beaming contemporary dancers .
inspection : the queen was given a tour of the rambert 's state-of-the-art new hq on london 's south bank .
offering a combination of classic and modern routines , it is the only british dance company to tour with an orchestra and is famous for its daring routines set to live