by .
anna hodgekiss .
the family of a schoolboy left brain damaged after an asthma attack have spoken out to warn others of the devastation the condition can cause .
geraint richards ,11 , had lived with the ` routine ' condition all his life with no previous complications .
but his family 's life was turned upside down after he suffered a near-fatal attack on the short walk home from school .
tragic : geraint richards has been left brain damaged after an asthma attack .
his father chris -lrb- pictured -rrb- says his son 's condition was always ` well controlled ' as a team at bridgend 's princess of wales hospital later battled to bring his condition under control , the youngster suffered a panic attack before later going into cardiac arrest - during which a medical team battled for 14 minutes to revive him .
the terrifying ordeal - which happened as his parents chris and julie could only watch helplessly - left the schoolboy from tondu , near bridgend , with debilitating injuries due to a lack of oxygen .
since the asthma attack on january 31 , he has spent three weeks in intensive care at the university hospital of wales , a further week on the high dependency unit , and has been at the noah 's arkchildren 's hospital in cardiff ever since .
his parents , who have barely left his bedside since he first fell ill , say their son faces a long road of rehabilitation and therapy .
they have also had to come to terms with the fact their son - as they used to know him - has gone for good .
geraint 's father chris , 44 , said : ` he has always suffered with asthma and it was under control .
` well controlled ' : geraint , 11 , had lived with the ` routine ' condition all his life with no previous complications and took his medication regularly .
` he was under a consultant and he was really pleased with him .
in fact , the week before this happened we had discussed the possibility of him being discharged from his regular check-ups because we were worried about him missing school .
` the day it happened was just a normal day - he went to school .
` he