a neighbour from hell with 80 criminal convictions has been evicted from her house after leaving it in such a squalid state it will be months before it is habitable again .
the walls may still be standing but inside the two-bedroom property police officers found holes in the walls and ceiling , carpets pulled up and wallpaper ripped off .
dawn pugh jones had lived in the property since 2004 but was finally forced to leave after making the lives of nearby residents a ` misery ' , according to council chiefs .
trashed : the kitchen of the home in penparcau was left in a filthy condition with greasy utensils strewn about .
packing up : dawn pugh jones -lrb- above -rrb- was evicted after ceredigion county council obtained a court order .
no fit state : with wallpaper torn off and holes in the furniture , it will be months before the home is habitable .
she has blighted neighbours for over a decade with criminal offences dating back to the 90s .
according .
to tai ceredigion housing association in wales , the two-bedroom .
semi-detached house often staged parties and was the subject of constant reports of loud music , .
shouting and swearing .
when a team of pcsos and police officers eventually entered the house they found holes in floorboards and walls , which housing officers said were used for hiding drugs and paraphernalia .
among pugh jones ' 80 convictions are drugs offences , violent crimes and repeated breaching of community and noise abatement orders .
the constant disruption caused by unemployed tenant was so bad that police had even set up a cctv camera focusing on the door of the house .
ceredigion county council obtained a possession order and .
anti-social behaviour injunction at aberystwyth county court in october this year .
last week , bailiffs and officers from dyfed powys police served an eviction order against pugh jones , removing her from the house so that the clean-up operation inside could begin .
in the two-bedroom property , there was .
a stench of stale tobacco , the kitchen units were in a poor state , .
carpets and tiles had been pulled up , and wallpaper ripped off .
squalid : the house has been given as a bail address by several court defendants , according to police