by .
david kent .
arsenal have lost a high court battle over a curb on the number of concerts that can be held at the emirates stadium .
the premier league giant had applied to double the number of music concerts from three to six at its north london stadium .
islington council rejected the application and a planning inspector dismissed the club 's appeal in january this year .
video who needs concerts ?
watch coventry fans making a gig of their own at the emirates .
blow : arsenal have lost a high court battle after applying to hold double the amount of concerts at the emirates .
arsenal argued at the high court that there was a ` clear error ' in the decision-making process .
but its case was rejected today by mr justice cranston , who delivered his judgment in london , ruling that there had been no error of law .
opponents have voiced concerns over noise and rowdy music fans .
concerts featuring bruce springsteen , coldplay and muse have generated hundreds of thousands of pounds in extra revenue for the club .
the inspector said that if arsenal could afford to buy a player like midfielder mesut ozil for # 42.5 million from real madrid , it could not plead poverty .
at a recent hearing , dan kolinsky , representing the club , argued before mr justice cranston that the inspector 's decision was legally flawed and should not be allowed to stand .
big spenders : arsenal 's purchase of mesut ozil for # 42.5 million was cited as a reason the club did not need to host twice as many concerts .
applying for judicial review , mr kolinksy submitted that the inspector had failed to apply the law correctly when he decided the proposal to double the number of concerts ` did not accord with the development plan ' for the stadium .
lawyers for the inspector and islington argued that the inspector followed the correct approach and there was no substance in the club 's challenge .
during the public inquiry run by the inspector , arsenal chief executive director ken friar said the club needed the money from the gigs to perform in the extremely competitive world of football , citing manchester united 's profits at # 100 million compared to arsenal 's # 20