by .
paul newman for the daily mail .
follow @@ paul_newmandm .
peter moores has defended england 's much-derided approach to the one-day game -- and alastair cook 's role -- but refused to rule out changes before the world cup .
the fourth one-day international at edgbaston today provides england with their last chance to avoid losing a series against india that represented their first step in another attempt to conquer the world in 50-over cricket .
so far it could not have gone much worse , two heavy defeats allowing india to turn the tables after their test embarrassment , while leaving england fighting to counter accusations that they are playing a different , outdated game .
work to do : england coach peter moores has admitted his side must improve before the world cup .
preparation : england train at edgbaston on the eve of the fourth one-day international against india .
relaxed : ian bell , ben stokes , james tredwell , eoin morgan and jimmy anderson laugh during practice .
moores , the england coach , remains convinced cook is the best man to lead england towards the world cup while the search for the right formula and personnel for a tilt at an elusive first world cup triumph goes on .
` we 're going to find out as we go along , ' said moores on whether england have their balance right , providing hope to james taylor , ravi bopara , jason roy and james vince .
` alastair is hungry and his form is starting to come back .
we saw it in the test series and now we 're starting to see it in the one-dayers .
` it does n't mean he 's where he wants to be , and neither are we as a side , but when alastair 's in form he 's got his way of playing that can be effective in one-day cricket .
his record matches a lot of other people 's and his conversion rate is pretty high , with five hundreds and 19 half-centuries in 80-odd games .
' decisions : england coach moores said there could be changes as the world cup approaches .
glum : england trail india 2-0 in the royal london one-day international series with two games to play .
dominant : india followed up their huge