by .
daily mail reporter .
and ryan gorman .
and associated press reporter .
published : .
15:00 est , 11 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
10:47 est , 12 january 2014 .
a massive chemical spill in west virginia has led to multiple hospitalizations and a tap water ban for hundreds of thousands of people .
more than 300,000 people have been left without running water and four have been hospitalized after a potentially toxic foaming agent used in the coal preparation process spilled earlier this week into the charleston public water system .
residents were told to not bathe , brush .
their teeth or wash their clothes with tap water after 4-methylcyclohexane methanol leaked from a storage tank into the elk river and the water supply of the mostly rural state 's largest city .
a total of 32 people sought treatment at local hospitals after coming down with symptoms of having been poisoned , four of them were admitted for further treatment , a state spokesperson said .
their conditions have not been disclosed .
scroll down for video .
a common sight : locals line up to fill containers of water at an emergency distribution center set up at poca high school in poca , west virginia .
desperate measures : a city worker distributes water at a local store friday in charleston , west virginia .
shuttered : restaurants and stores in charleston , w.va .
are closed saturday following thursday 's chemical spill .
by the truckload : a fireman from the poca volunteer fire department unloads water from a tractor trailer saturday at poca high school in poca , west virginia .
` we 're just not sure exactly how long it 's going to take before it 's acceptable to lift the do-not-drink ban , west virgina gov earl tombin told cnn friday night .
the chemical 's concentration in the local water supply was lower friday , but not to the point officials felt safe allowing people to drink the water again - and charleston 's mayor did n't mince words in voicing his displeasure .
` it 's caused us more problems than you could ever imagine , ' he told cnn .
` it 's a prison from which we would like to be released .
' the ban has forced schools , offices