by .
jack doyle .
published : .
18:12 est , 8 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:54 est , 9 may 2013 .
the justice secretary pledged yesterday to ` turn the tide ' of criminality as a raft of new measures were announced aimed at encouraging prolific offenders away from crime .
tens of thousands of short-sentence prisoners will be put on compulsory supervision for at least 12 months after their release in a ` targeted rehabilitation ' programme , said chris grayling .
compulsory drug testing for thousands of burglars , robbers and drug offenders will be extended so they can be hauled back to jail if caught using cannabis .
current tests cover only class a drugs .
david cameron , nick clegg and ed miliband stand in the house of lords to listen the queen 's speech , which included a raft of measurements designed to rehabilitate prolific criminals .
the measures , revealed in the queen 's speech , are included in a new draft law , the offender rehabilitation bill , which will be published in full today .
inmates will serve the final months of their jail term near home in ` resettlement jails ' designed to prepare them for release .
the measurements aim to make a dent in the ` appetite of offenders ' once out , they will be prevented from moving around the country and will have to work at rebuilding their lives .
the former convicts will have to seek permission to move out of their local area to ensure they stick to community orders , instead of merely notifying probation as at present .
paedophiles , rapists and convicted terrorists will be placed on gps tags so their movements can be monitored at all times .
and vast swathes of the probation service will be contracted out to private companies and charities paid ` by results ' if they turn criminals into honest citizens .
opponents said this could lead to the public being put at risk if private firms put profit ahead of safety .
mr .
grayling said he wanted to ` put a stopper in the revolving door of the .
justice system ' which sees as many as six in ten short-sentence .
offenders return to crime within a year of their release .
` tackling our stubbornly high