jodi arias hid her face and wept today as the court was shown sexually explicit photos of her with ex-boyfriend travis alexander just hours before he was brutally murdered .
detective michael melendez told the phoenix court on monday that he had recovered the deleted pictures from the victim 's camera .
arias shielded her face with her hair and touched her eyes with a tissue as the prosecution showed jurors naked photographs of the pair taken around 1.45 pm on june 4 , 2008 .
several hours later , at 5.30 pm , a series .
of photographs show 30-year-old alexander in the shower with the water .
running .
the images appeared to have been taken by someone else .
scroll down for video .
focused : jodi arias , pictured in court today , watches a police officer give information about photos allegedly deleted from her ex-boyfriend travis alexander 's camera .
hidden : arias shielded her face as the sexual nature of the pictures were discussed in court by the prosecution .
around 45 seconds later , according to the picture 's time stamp , jurors were shown a photograph of the bathroom ceiling that appeared to have been taken unintentionally when the camera dropped .
less than a minute later , a grisly photograph was taken which apparently depicts the back of alexander 's head with his arm raised as blood trickles down his neck .
it is alleged that it was mistakenly taken as arias dragged her ex-lover 's body through his mesa home after stabbing him 27 times .
a large dark obstruction in the foreground of the picture is a leg in sweatpants , the jury in maricopa county , arizona heard .
the prosecution claims that the picture was .
taken as arias flew into a rage after learning her .
ex-boyfriend wanted to date someone else .
intimate : a police detective found these deleted images on alexander 's camera .
seedy : the images from the camera were time-stamped as june 4 , 2008 .
detective melendez told the court that although pictures had been deleted from the camera , they remained on the hard drive .
earlier in the day , the jury watched .
police interrogation tapes of arias as she denied over and .
over again that she had stolen a handgun and used it to