gay marriage is set to be allowed in churches and other religious buildings , it emerged friday.the government will reveal plans next week to allow faith groups in england and wales to ` opt in ' if they want to host same-sex weddings .
the move is a dramatic extension of the coalition 's plans to allow same-sex couples to marry in civil ceremonies .
the proposal to legalise gay marriage has been fiercely opposed by some senior church figures and scores of tory mps .
prime minister david cameron insisted churches would not be forced to hold gay weddings , while on a visit to lear corporation in redditch , worcestershire .
but that has n't stopped david cameron from supporting it .
mps will have a free vote on a bill next year .
the pm , speaking on a visit to redditch , worcestershire , friday , said : ` look , i 'm in favour of gay marriage because i 'm a massive supporter of marriage and i do n't want gay people to be excluded from a great institution .
` but let me be absolutely 100 per cent clear : if there is any church or any synagogue or any mosque that does n't want to have a gay marriage , it will not -- it absolutely must not -- be forced to hold it .
` that is absolutely clear in the legislation .
and also let me make clear : this is a free vote for members of parliament , but personally i will be supporting it .
' the dramatic move has prompted immediate controversy .
anti-reform campaigners said that whatever was intended by the legislation , its introduction would only increase pressure on churches opposed to same-sex ceremonies to perform them .
the pm has said that religious groups can choose whether to host same-sex weddings .
the prime minister took to twitter to insist religious groups will not be forced to perform gay marriages and conservatives will not be whipped in the vote next year .
some tories said the move would ` outrage millions ' .
labour leader ed miliband has been pushing the government to extend their plans to allow those religious groups which want to offer gay weddings to do so , as well as civil venues .
nick clegg is also understood to have been