the leader of the catholic church has assured pet lovers across the world that dogs do go to heaven .
speaking at his weekly address in the vatican 's st. peter 's square , pope francis confirmed that there is a place in heaven for our furry friends , along with ` all of god 's creatures .
' the head of the catholic church had been attempting to console a distraught young boy who was mourning the death of his dog , according to time magazine .
pope francis confirmed that there is a place in heaven for dogs and ` all of god 's creatures ' during his weekly address in the vatican 's st. peter 's square .
the statement is at odds with conservative roman catholic theology which states that animals can not go to heaven because they have no souls .
francis was quoted by italian news media as saying : ` one day , we will see our animals again in the eternity of christ .
paradise is open to all of god 's creatures .
' the remarks have been warmly welcomed by animal rights groups such as peta and the humane society .
the issue of whether animals have the chance of an afterlife has been debated for centuries .
pet owners will welcome the pope 's remarks that their beloved dogs , cats , horses and other furry friends have a place in heaven .
pope francis has refused to meet the dalai lama over fears it could impact on the catholic church 's relationship with china .
the exiled tibetan leader requested the meeting during a visit to rome but it was declined ` for obvious reasons concerning the delicate situation ' with china .
the catholic church in china is divided in two ; the official church overseen by the chinese communist party , and an underground community that swears allegiance to the pope .
but the main bone of contention is over which side should have the final say in the appointment of bishops .
a vatican official said the pope 's decision was ` not taken out of fear but to avoid any suffering by those who have already suffered ' .
the longest serving pope - pius ix - who was the leader of the church from 1846 to 1878 believed animals had no consciousness and