by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
20:58 est , 18 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:00 est , 19 september 2013 .
a 15-year-old louisiana boy was arrested this week for using an iphone app to jokingly shoot up his high school .
using ` the real strike , ' a simulated first person shooter overlaid onto video of the app user 's choice , the student uploaded the fake shooting of h.l bourgeois high school , in gray , la. , to youtube and was arrested on terror charges soon after .
authorities allege they were thwarting a potential threat to the school despite the student 's parents insisting their son has no access to guns .
scroll down for video .
realistic : the app simulates a shooting about as realistically as a phone is able .
` we do n't know at what time that game becomes a reality , ' a sheriff 's department spokesperson preached to wgno .
police became aware of the video after another parent saw it on youtube .
the boy did admit to police that he was frustrated about being bullied , the station reported , but insisted he never meant to actually shoot or harm anyone .
undeterred , authorities still charged him with terrorizing and interference of the operation of a school .
` something more serious such as a school shooting may occur , ' the sheriff ; s office spokesperson explained .
not everyone agreed .
` it sounds like something a kid would do to let off some stress , ' a local resident told the station.classmates were shocked it went so far .
it 's a phone app : people use it to jokingly shoot up offices and homes .
` it 's just an app man , ' one student told the station , with two others around him agreeing .
` everything that goes on in these students lives is in a joking manner , so , it 's just how we were raised , ' another student said .
the only mistake it seems the boy 's classmates feel he actually made was putting the video on youtube .
mission accomplished : a 15-year-old boy with no access to firearms was charged with terrorizing for using an iphone app .
` he messed up when he