george zimmerman , pictured in a mug shot taken on saturday , allegedly threw a bottle at his girlfriend .
george zimmerman became so enraged when his girlfriend tried to break up with him that he threw a wine bottle at her head , according to a police report about his latest arrest .
the wine bottle did not hit the woman , who fled the house in her car and was later pulled over by officers who had seen her leaving the home .
zimmerman has denied throwing the bottle and disputed another claim that he had destroyed her cell phone , according to the report , which chronicles his latest run-in with police since he was acquitted of murdering unarmed black teenager trayvon martin in florida in 2013 .
the former neighborhood watch volunteer was arrested friday in lake mary , florida and charged with aggravated assault in the january 5 incident .
he was released saturday on $ 5,000 bond .
in the report , officers said they had been patrolling the neighborhood where zimmerman lives when they heard the sound of glass shattering , and saw the former girlfriend drive out of the driveway .
they pulled her over for a traffic stop a few streets over because she did n't have her lights on .
she explained that zimmerman became angry after she told him she did n't want to take the relationship further .
she added that they argued over a painting she had that he wanted returned .
zimmerman made threats and threw the wine bottle , which did n't hit her , she said .
in court : zimmerman , 31 , is pictured wearing handcuffs during his first appearance at the seminole county courthouse in sanford , florida on saturday after he was charged with aggravated assault with a weapon .
denial : zimmerman denied throwing the bottle at the unidentified woman 's head .
she told police they had fought after she broke up with him and he demanded she give back a painting that he owned .
when detectives found her inside the car , she was ` extremely emotional , crying , mad and upset ' and called her former boyfriend ` that psycho , george zimmerman ' .
she said she should have known better than to get involved with him .
the ex-girlfriend , whose name