by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
19:50 est , 11 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
20:04 est , 11 august 2013 .
autumn is set to be late this year , but when it arrives it should bring a bumper crop of fruits and berries in the countryside , wildlife experts have said .
the autumn fruiting is expected to be delayed as a result of the late spring , but the recent warm weather means wild berry crops will flourish , according to early data collected by the public for the woodland trust 's nature 's calendar project .
the promise of a bumper autumn is good news for wildlife , which suffered in the face of exceptionally poor crops of wild fruit last year when trees and shrubs were affected by the washout summer , and then were hit by this spring 's cold snap .
great expectations : woodland trust research shows that records for 16 species of trees and shrubs show that 14 of them , including beech -lrb- pictured -rrb- had their worst season for fruiting in the past decade , last year .
records for 16 species of trees and shrubs collected since 2001 show that 14 including beech , holly and brambles or blackberries last year saw their worst season for fruiting since the turn of the century , with many recording only meagre crops .
dr kate lewthwaite , the nature 's calendar project manager , said : ` although our records suggest that autumn fruiting will be late this year due to the delayed onset of spring flowering , if the warm weather interspersed with occasional wet spells continues , this should mean the fruiting of shrubs like bramble , rowan and blackthorn is abundant .
` wildlife species will no doubt benefit from a bumper crop , and finally fruit-eating birds and mammals will be able to enjoy an autumn feast .
bountiful : a bumper crop of blackberries and holly berries are expected this autumn .
last year , birds and mammals suffered some of the poorest fruiting crop in years and this , coupled with the prolonged cold snap in spring , meant that many species had to endure a long period without a decent food supply .
' she urged members of the public to take part in the nature 's