eden hazard is seemingly days away from securing a barclays premier league and pfa player of the year double with chelsea , and the belgian star showed off exactly why with a series of tricks at their cobham training base .
hazard , being filmed as part of a feature for queens park rangers defender rio ferdinand 's ' 5 ' magazine , left a defender in knots with his fancy footwork as he handed out a lesson in ball control .
giving a full sample from his box of tricks , hazard fools his marker with step-overs , a swift turn and by tucking the ball behind his standing leg to beat a man four times in succession .
eden hazard left a defender in knots with his fancy footwork as he handed out a lesson in ball control .
hazard tricks his marker with step-overs , a swift turn and by tucking the ball behind his standing leg .
the belgian star celebrates with the chelsea supporters after scoring the winner against manchester united .
it was n't all good for hazard , who strives for perfection , though .
after his fourth successful take-on he smashes the ball over the bar with an open goal gaping .
the 24-year-old will be a key man for jose mourinho 's side as they travel to the emirates stadium on sunday looking for a win that would put them within three points of the title .
and hours later he will be at london 's grosvenor house hotel , hoping to beat the likes of harry kane and david de gea to the pfa players ' player of the year crown .
hazard was being filmed as part of a feature for queens park rangers defender rio ferdinand 's ' 5 ' magazine .
once again , chelsea 's tricky winger gets past the marker and finds his way towards the goal at cobham .
chelsea star hazard tucks the ball behind his standing leg in the latest attempt to fool a defender ... ... and it 's successful , as he breezes past his man who ends up running completely the wrong way .
chelsea 's star man has 19 goals in all competitions so far this season and will be confident of reaching the 20-goal mark at the emirates after notching in the 1-0 win over manchester united