just four pints of lager a week could harm a man 's chances of having a family , research suggests .
a study of healthy young men found that drinking just a little more than three pints a week , or half a pint a day , can reduce sperm quality .
the researchers found the effects occurred when more than 7.5 units of alcohol a week - with the average pint of beer containing around 2.3 units .
however , many popular lagers are stronger than this .
for instance , a pint of stella artois lager contains 2.7 units -- meaning that fewer than three pints a week may be harmful .
the study also found that the more a man drinks , the greater the toll on sperm .
the danish researchers said that given the large amounts of alcohol drunk by young men , their finding is a public health concern .
around one in seven couples in the uk has trouble starting a family and male infertility is to blame in almost half of cases .
some will remain childless , despite spending thousands of pounds on ivf .
the study , published in the bmj open journal , involved 1,200 military recruits aged between 18 and 28 .
they were asked about their drinking habits and gave blood and sperm samples .
they had drunk 16 units on average the previous week and more than half had binged on booze or been drunk more than twice in the past month .
boozing was linked to changes in reproductive hormones -- and to the health of the men 's sperm .
the researchers found that for men who habitually drank heavily there was a clear link between alcohol intake and quality of sperm .
the more a man drunk , the less sperm he made and the more abnormal it was in shape and size .
drinking just a little more than three pints a week , or half a pint a day , can reduce sperm quality .
importantly , the effect was apparent after just 7.5 units a week - although it was particularly strong after 37.5 units a week .
the nhs advises that men do n't regularly consume more than 21 to 28 units of alcohol a week .
the university of southern denmark researchers said that they ca n't be