dozens of demonstrators today stormed restaurants and targeted white diners in new york and california as part of a ` black brunch ' protest against alleged police violence .
carrying banners , the chanting protesters entered a number of venues in new york city that they identified as ` white spaces ' , including midtown eateries : lallisse , maialino and pershing square .
once inside , they ` disrupted ' customers ' meals by reading out the names of african-americans killed by police , including michael brown , 17 , who was shot dead by officer darren wilson last august .
addressing staff and patrons , they shouted : ` every 28 hours , a black person in america is killed by the police .
these are our brothers and sisters .
today and every day , we honor their lives .
' scroll down for video .
protest : demonstrators today stormed restaurants in new york and california as part of a ` black brunch ' protest against alleged police violence .
above , diners show their support at forge restaurant in oakland .
chanting : carrying banners , the protesters entered a number of venues in new york city that they identified as ` white spaces ' , including midtown eateries , lallisse and pershing square .
above , a new york venue .
targeted : once inside , they ` disrupted ' customers ' meals by reading out the names of african-americans killed by police , including michael brown , 17 , who was shot dead by officer darren wilson last august .
' a war on black lives ' : alongside an image of protesters inside a new york restaurant , sharmin ultra -lrb- above -rrb- tweeted : ` we interrupt your brunch time to let you know there is a war on black lives .
we will not stay silent ' on the scene : la times reporter lee romney -lrb- above -rrb- uploaded a photo of protesters clapping and chanting inside forge restaurant in franklin street , oakland , saying : ` manager of forge : ' i think it 's beautiful '' in each restaurant , they also asked diners to stand and raise their fists in the air ` for black life ' , according to yahoo! news .
at several venues , ' a good number ' of customers apparently