a classic sportscar once owned by french actor alain delon then lost for decades has became the fifth most expensive car ever sold on friday when it was auctioned for $ 23 million .
the ferrari 250 gt swb is one of 36 ever made and one of 60 classic cars discovered rotting away and forgotten on a farm in western france last year .
other gems found on the farm sported gleaming names like bugatti , hispano-suiza , talbot-lago , panhard-levassor , maserati , delahaye and delage .
and some have gone for three to four times asking price .
scroll down for video .
crown jewel : a super rare ferrari 250 gt swb california spyder sold friday at auction for a stunning $ 23 million , making it the fifth most expensive car ever sold .
however , the ferrari -- a type that 's featured 13 times on the list of the 100 most expensive cars ever sold -- is seen as the crown jewel of the show by most .
aside from its rarity , the ferrari is prized for having been photographed carrying stars delon as well as shirley maclaine and jane fonda during the 1964 filming of les felins .
it was sold friday at the artcurial auction house in paris , where managing director matthieu lamoure likened the find to the discovery of king tut 's tomb .
` we were overcome with emotion .
probably much like lord carrington and howard carter , on being the first for centuries to enter tutankhamun 's tomb , ' he told afp .
the 1956 maserati that occupied that spot next to the ferrari 's on the farm was also sold friday , when it fetched close to $ 2 million .
prized : the ferrari is one of just 36 ever produced .
it 's name has come up 13 times among the 100 most expensive cars ever sold .
famous ride : aside from its rarity , the ferrari is prized for having been photographed carrying stars alain delon -lrb- left -rrb- as well as shirley maclaine and jane fonda -lrb- right -rrb- during the 1964 filming of les felins .
the cars were collected from the 1950s to the 1970s by entrepreneur roger baillon , who dreamt of restoring them to their former glory and displaying them in a museum .