by .
reuters .
two mosquito-borne diseases - dengue fever and chikungunya - are posing a serious threat to florida and residents should take steps to control mosquito populations to try to limit the danger , a leading health expert said on wednesday .
the florida department of health , in its latest weekly report , said that through last week dengue fever had been confirmed in 24 people in florida and chikungunya confirmed in 18 people .
both are viral diseases spread by mosquito bites .
all of the infected people in florida have traveled to the caribbean or south america and could have become infected there , according to walter tabachnick , director of the florida medical entomological laboratory in vero beach , which is part of the university of florida .
epidemiologists are worried that mosquitoes in florida may have picked up dengue fever and chikungunya by biting infected people , which could kick off an epidemic in the state .
a dominican doctor observes aedes aegypti mosquitos , which can spread the dengue fever .
epidemiologists are worried that mosquitoes in florida may have picked up the diseases by biting infected people , which could kick off an epidemic in the state , tabachnick said .
` the threat is greater than i 've seen in my lifetime , ' said tabachnick , who has worked in the field for 30 years .
` sooner or later , our mosquitoes will pick it up and transmit it to us .
that is the imminent threat , ' he added .
tabachnick urged the public to eliminate standing water including in buckets and rain barrels where mosquitoes can breed .
` if there is public apathy and people do n't clean up the yards , we 're going to have a problem , ' tabachnick said .
walter tabachnick , director of the florida medical entomological laboratory , said that the threat is greater than he has seen in his lifetime .
dengue is potentially fatal , and both diseases cause serious and lingering symptoms .
the most common symptoms of chikungunya infection are fever and joint pain , according to the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention .
tabachnick said the last statewide epidemics in florida of dengue occurred in the 1930s .
localized epidemics of dengue occurred in 2013 in a small neighborhood in