by .
helen pow .
published : .
10:55 est , 24 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:07 est , 24 july 2013 .
a new york middle school teacher claims he was forced to resign after he appeared shirtless at a raucous pool party on reality tv show ` princesses : long island .
' stefan serie , 30 , was a health teacher at merrick avenue middle school in long island when he appeared , flashing his rippling abs , in the first episode of the new bravo show , which follows the lives of six so-called jewish-american princesses .
in his brief cameo , the 30-year-old laughs in the background as the beauties drink alcohol from red plastic cups and bounce around in teeny bikinis by a pool .
abs : new york middle school teacher stefan serie claims he was forced to resign after he appeared shirtless , above , at a raucous pool party on reality tv show ` princesses : long island ' but just a week after the june 2 episode aired , serie , an eight-year teaching veteran who was rated ` highly effective ' during the last school year , said he was hauled into the school district office by angry officials .
he said administrators told him his tenure offer would be rescinded and pressured him to resign , even though there was nothing illegal going on in the scene .
he told the new york daily news .
' i did n't do anything that i would tell my students not to do .
' serie reluctantly agreed to quit , giving up his $ 75,000-a-year job .
` it was a coerced resignation , ' he said .
according to the daily news , the .
teacher , who has degrees in health and physical education from hofstra .
university , is now fighting to be reinstated and said he would sue the .
tv show if the school refused .
bikinis : in his brief cameo , the 30-year-old , pictured right , laughs as the beauties drink alcohol from red plastic cups and bounce around in teeny bikinis by the pool .
chaos : serie , pictured in the green shirt , said he realized as the pool party descended into chaos that he did n't want to be associated with the show