by .
david wilkes .
published : .
19:23 est , 19 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:45 est , 20 march 2013 .
one minute , roman legionaries will cross swords in a historical re-enactment , the next a spitfire could roar overhead .
or if you fancy something more sedate , there is a dazzling cast of speakers to choose from at this year 's chalke valley history festival , sponsored by the daily mail .
an incredible line-up of household names including boris johnson , joanna lumley , rupert everett , tom stoppard , sebastian faulks , ian hislop , paddy ashdown and max hastings is confirmed for the event , which combines britain 's largest festival devoted entirely to history with imaginative ` living history ' displays .
a brilliant set of speakers : joanna lumley will appear at the chalke valley history festival , sponsored by the daily mail .
also among the speakers will be conn .
iggulden , author of the best-selling emperor and conqueror historical .
fiction series and co-author , with his brother hal , of 2006 's british .
book of the year , the dangerous book for boys .
at the festival 's launch event yesterday at waterstones in piccadilly , central london , he said : ` the way i look at it , the french have got cooking , the italians have got style and the british have got history .
` we have the best stories and they make us who we are .
i 'm very much looking forward to a crowd who have come to see and talk about history .
' a new feature will be an air show featuring second world war planes like hurricanes , mustangs , messerschmitts and spitfires -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
explaining the appeal of the festival , .
now in its third year and held in an area of outstanding natural beauty .
near salisbury , wiltshire , fellow author tom holland , who will also .
appear , said : ` it 's a magical world .
the setting is absolutely .
stunning , like a vision of wessex .
` the roster of speakers is amazing -- it 's not often you get the chance to see boris johnson and tom stoppard in the same field as someone dressed up in dark