by .
daniel miller .
a republican state senator 's son was left badly beaten after he confronted two men who were removing a romney-ryan sign from outside his home .
sean kedzie the son of wisconsin state senator neal kedzie , was left with multiple bruises over his head and face following the incident outside his house in whitewater in the early hours of friday morning .
according to a statement by the state senator 's office the 22-year-old was woken by noises and had gone outside to find a man removing the sign .
battered : sean kedzie was left with multiple bruises over his head and face after confronting a man removing a ryan romney sign from outside his home .
mr kedzie yelled at the individual to return the sign which he did , but at that point a second man attacked him without warning .
he was wrestled to the ground where he .
was held in a chokehold before being battered around the head and face .
by both individuals .
the 22-year-old had confronted a man removing a romney ryan sign from outside his property -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
a neighbour , who had heard the commotion , managed to scare the two attackers away and called the police .
mr kedzie was taken by ambulance to hospital where he was treated for bruises to his face and was released from the same day .
he is expected to make a full recovery .
the suspects are described as two white males , both about 6 feet tall .
the whitewater police department said the incident is under investigation .
` shaken ' : state senator neal kedzie .
early on friday morning , october 19th , my son sean was awakened by .
noises outside his residence in whitewater .
as he went to see what the .
commotion was about , he noticed an individual removing a romney/ryan .
yard sign from his property .
he yelled to the person that they were .
taking something not theirs and to return it immediately .
the individual .
returned the sign , however , a second person confronted and attacked .
sean without warning .
sean was wrestled to the ground by both persons , held down by a .
constricting chokehold , and struck repeatedly about the face and head