by .
andrew levy .
published : .
02:43 est , 20 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:02 est , 20 may 2013 .
foul language and inappropriate themes on britain 's got talent and other pre-watershed programmes are robbing children of their innocence , headteachers have warned .
adult issues including prostitution , rape , alcoholism and murder are now commonplace on screens before 9pm .
this is having a ` detrimental effect ' on children , according to a motion passed overwhelmingly at the national association of headteachers conference in birmingham .
britain 's got talent , which featured .
71-year-old pensioner kelly fox earlier this month singing a song .
shortly after 8pm called ` kiss my ass ' , was singled out for criticism .
music mogul simon cowell also kissed the bottom of fellow judge amanda holden .
controversial : simon cowell plants a big kiss on amanda holden 's bottom during during an episode of britian 's got talent earlier this month .
amanda hulme , the head of claypool primary school in bolton , told delegates children are being forced to grow up too quickly .
lyrics : sandra broadbent , 71 , who performing under the name kelly fox , sang the words ` you were lying there butt naked with a woman between your thighs ' on bgt .
` completely inappropriate ' material that no person ` with an ounce of morality ' would want their child to see were being shown too early .
speaking about the ` kiss my ass ' incident , she said : ` the producers of britain 's got talent obviously think it 's okay .
they made a conscious decision to air that performance before the watershed last saturday , ' she said .
the programme had already been criticised recently for featuring a lap dancer and an 11-year-old singing a sexually charged song called one night only , both seen by 13 million people before the watershed .
popular soaps were also a bad influence , mrs hulme said , with emmerdale character cain dingle using bad language in an episode broadcast at 7.20 pm .
referring to a recent netmums survey which found parents believe childhood now ends at age 12 , she added : ` it 's even lower than that for some children .
` the