rafael nadal has confirmed he will not participate in the season-ending atp world tour finals in london next month due to appendix surgery .
the world no 3 revealed his decision after suffering defeat to 17-year-old borna coric in the quarter-finals of the swiss indoors on friday .
nadal had pulled out of next week 's paris masters earlier in the day and later announced that he was bringing his season to a close in order to undergo surgery on november 3 .
rafael nadal acknowledges the crowd as his season ends with defeat in the quarter-finals in basle .
borna coric , the 17-year-old croatian wildcard , celebrates after sealing victory against world no 3 nadal .
he said : ` it is the day to say goodbye for the season .
i am not going to play in next week 's paris masters or in london .
i am not competitive enough to do that .
` it has been a very hard year for me mentally and physically too .
` i tried to practise to try to get fit but it was not possible .
it 's difficult to play and compete when you 're not able to practise weeks in a row .
` i 'm not a player who competes to try to be in quarter-finals .
i try to win tournaments .
i will be back at the start of 2015 .
' nadal had followed a course of antibiotics after being diagnosed with appendicitis ahead of the shanghai masters earlier this month .
nadal plays a forehand return as he attempts to fight back against coric at the atp swiss indoors .
coric chases down a ball before going on to complete a famous victory in basle on friday evening .
the 28-year-old surprised some observers by competing in basle this week and he struggled on court on friday night , losing 6-2 , 7-6 -lrb- 4 -rrb- to the croatian teenage wildcard .
coric was just three points away from claiming a first-set bagel but nadal reeled off two games in a row before coric finally sealed the set .
nadal battled back in the second set and forced his young opponent to serve to stay in the set twice .
coric duly held his nerve and claimed victory on the first of two match points in the second set tiebreak