the international olympic committee is to seek an explanation from russian member shamil tarpischev for his derogatory comments about serena and venus williams .
tarpischev , who is president of the russian tennis federation and captain of their davis and fed cup teams , has been widely condemned for calling serena and venus ` the williams brothers ' on a russian tv chat show , with serena describing his comments as ` sexist , racist and bullying ' on sunday .
the women 's tennis association -lrb- wta -rrb- reacted swiftly , fining tarpischev the maximum of 25,000 us dollars and banning him from any involvement with the wta for a year .
russian tennis federation president shamil tarpischev has been fined # 15,500 and banned from women 's tennis for one year following his ` williams brothers ' remark about venus and serena on a tv talk show .
tarpischev will be asked by the ioc to explain his comments about serena -lrb- left -rrb- and venus -lrb- right -rrb- .
the ioc has yet to decide whether to impose any sanction of its own , with a spokesman saying : ` the ioc will directly contact mr tarpischev to ask him for a full explanation of his comments .
' tarpischev , 66 , has been a member of the ioc since 1994 .
speaking at a press conference ahead of the season-ending wta finals in singapore , world number one williams said : ' i thought -lrb- the comments -rrb- were very insensitive and extremely sexist as well as racist at the same time .
i thought they were in a way bullying .
` the wta and the usta -lrb- united states tennis association -rrb- did a wonderful job of making sure that - in this day and age , 2014 - for someone with his power , it 's really unacceptable to make such bullying remarks .
' tarpischev was also criticised by russia 's highest-profile player , maria sharapova .
the french open champion said : ' i think -lrb- the comments -rrb- were very disrespectful and uncalled for , and i 'm glad that many people have stood up , including the wta .
` it was very inappropriate , especially in his position and all the responsibilities that he has , not just in this sport , but being part of the