by .
john hall for mailonline .
chelsea manning is not receiving hormone therapy treatment for her gender identity condition , despite it being approved by u.s. defense secretary chuck hagel .
the american civil liberties union and manning 's attorney contacted defence department officials , including hagel , to notify them that a lawsuit will be filed if treatment is not confirmed by september 4 .
the former intelligence analyst is currently serving a 35-year sentence at the u.s. disciplinary barracks , fort leavenworth for leaking classified documents to the wikileaks website .
manning , who changed her name from bradley after her conviction , has been diagnosed with gender dysphoria - the sense of being a woman in a man 's body .
denied treatment : chelsea manning is currently serving a 35-year sentence at the u.s. disciplinary barracks , fort leavenworth for leaking classified documents to the wikileaks website .
manning first sought evaluation and treatment for her gender condition after she was sent to the fort leavenworth prison in september 2013 .
she is asking for hormone therapy and to be able to live as a woman .
military doctors confirmed the gender dysphoria diagnosis and recommended a treatment plan , but she has yet to receive any treatment , according to the american civil liberties union .
` the continued failure to provide ms. manning with this treatment is inconsistent with well-established medical protocols and basic constitutional principles , ' chase strangio , attorney for the aclu 's lesbian gay bisexual and transgender project , said in a statement .
strangio said refusing to treat manning is ` cruel and unusual punishment ' and contended the army is withholding treatment for political reasons .
convicted : chelsea manning , who changed her name from bradley after being jailed , has been diagnosed with gender dysphoria - the sense of being a woman in a man 's body .
the lack of treatment puts manning at risk for serious long-term physical and psychological harm , her advocates said .
manning was sentenced last year for six espionage act violations and 14 other offenses after she gave wikileaks more than 700,000 secret military and u.s. state department documents .
manning 's request for treatment was the first ever made by a transgender military inmate .
it conflicts with a policy that prohibits transgender people from serving in