by .
leon watson .
doctors have successfully removed a baby 's extra limbs after it was born with four hands and four feet .
the child is now in a stable condition at a hospital in china 's southern guangdong province four days after the surgery .
the 13-day-old boy , from huizhou , was born joined to a headless parasitic twin joined at the torso on april 2 .
that has now been removed .
doctors at a hospital in huizhou city , in china 's guangdong province , released this picture of the baby with four hands and four feet before surgery .
yu jiakang , chief surgeon at guangzhou women and children 's medical center said : ` they were supposed to be twins , but one had underdeveloped and became deformed .
' the conjoined twins weighed just over 3kg before surgery , with the removed parasitic foetus weighing 0.6 kg .
according to the global times , the .
baby was diagnosed with pneumonia and congenital heart .
disease , which is common among children in china , before surgery .
his father , named only as mr chen , said he had .
taken his son to many hospitals near his home but none have been able to give him .
reasons for the deformity .
before surgery : the conjoined twins weighed just over 3kg before surgery .
identical twins form when a single egg splits during fertilisation - as opposed to two eggs both being fertilised .
conjoined .
twins form when a split egg fails to fully separate .
a ` parasite ' conjoined twin can survive but not when one absorbs the other .
in 2012 surgeons in peru operated on a three year old boy to remove a 9in-long parasitic twin weighing a pound and a half .
in 2008 doctors had to remove a 2in embryo from the body of a nine-year-old girl in greece .
the .
brain , lungs and heart are some of the last parts of the body to .
develop .
removing a parasitic twin is usually easier than attempting to .
separate conjoined twins .
mr chen said he blamed himself for not taking good care of his wife and son during pregnancy .
' i only cared about my work .
i just thought of making money instead of taking