a sydney drag racer has made an incredible escape from a burning inferno after his race car mechanics malfunctioned and he hurtled into a wall at more than 250km/h .
wetherill park pizza maker frank `` mrheli '' cannistra was competing in an australian pro street association meet at sydney dragway on saturday when the throttle in his car gave way .
the 39-year-old recounted the moment , just a second after crossing the finish line of the quarter-mile straight , made the split decision to career head-on into the safety wall which sent his car up in a ball of flames .
instead of threatening the safety of his rival , who was ahead of cannistra , he made the decision to hurtling at top speed into the wall .
` the car was on fire -lrb- with its performance -rrb- , then literally on fire , ' he told wide world of sports .
` the initial contact i thought i was going to get hurt and when the fire came i really panicked .
' incredibly , the 39-year-old unbuckled his seat belt on impact in anticipation of a quick escape .
he said if it was n't for the makeup of the car and the ease at which he could release the door , he would have been trapped inside .
' i came out of it without a scratch .
' but the lightweight souped-up mazda rx3 was a wreck following the ordeal which lasted just 20 seconds from start to finish .
not for the faint-hearted , drag racing can reach forces of up to 6g 's and top speeds variate between 200-300km / hr at top speeds .
on the weekend cannista said he reached 230km/hr in under five seconds .
cannistra , who runs a mobile pizzeria called franco 's mobile pizzeria , has been racing for 20 years and pays for his ` hobby ' with his pizza sales , along with some sponsors .
fiery inferno : the car broke out into a fiery inferno when the engine 's mechanic 's shut down .
` the car was on fire : ' frank cannistra thought the impact of the crash would be the most terrifying , until the car caught flames threatening to engulf him while inside .
cheated death : the view from inside frank cannistra 's race car