by .
tom mctague , deputy political editor for mailonline .
tens of thousands of middle class parents are being sent letters ordering them to repay hundreds of pounds of child benefit - even though many have already returned the cash .
the letters , which say ` you need to act now !
' , have been sent to 30,000 families where one earner receives more than # 50,000 a year .
since january last year , families with someone earning between # 50,000 and # 60,000 a year lost a proportion of the child benefit .
where one parent earned more # 60,000 a year , the child benefit was lost altogether .
scroll down for video .
chancellor george osborne cut child benefit for any family where one parent earned more than # 50,000 .
the letters cover a three month period last year after the benefit was cut .
a family with one child would owe # 263 and # 438 if they had two children .
parents had to opt out of receiving the benefit - or fill in a self-assessment form if they were still entitled to some of the cash .
around a million parents were hit by the benefit cut .
but the government has sent letters to around 30,000 who it believes have yet to pay back the cash .
a hmrc spokesman said : ` those who have paid the tax charge due need not be concerned and can simply disregard the letter .
tory mp christopher chope said the benefit cut for middle class families was a ` nightmare ' ` the letter reminds taxpayers to include the charge on future tax returns and we would encourage couples to discuss between themselves which partner might be eligible for the charge .
` if that is not possible , we can provide guidance to allay any concerns about who is to pay the charge .
' but tory mps , speaking to the telegraph newspaper , said the letters were ` disproportionate ' .
christopher chope , a senior conservative mp , said : ` the nightmare of this new tax on families who want to do the right thing is far from over .
` we knew it was going to be an administrative nightmare -- and so it has proved .
' jonathan isaby , chief executive of