by .
paul milligan .
published : .
12:05 est , 8 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
12:06 est , 8 december 2012 .
ready for another crazy online trend ?
students from durham university have filmed themselves pouring bottles of port over their heads , in a video called porting .
porting is an answer to the milking video from students from rival newcastle university which has seen more than 500,000 people watch the video in the last two weeks .
a spokesperson for porting durham said : ` it 's all about oneupmanship .
we started out trying to get one better than our student cousins at newcastle but , due to our lactose intolerance we were unable to do it with milk .
scroll down for video .
students at durham university has created their own version of milking , called porting , which involves pouring a bottle of the port over your head .
the students wear smart white dress shirts whilst endulging in the bizarre trend .
we commend newcastle in their valiant effort and inspiring us to go one further , ' the spokesperson told the tab , the student newspaper for durham university .
porting sees the durham students don white dress shirts and smart trousers , and then pour bottle after bottle of the fortified wine over their heads .
` we were approached by a high street washing powder brand , and it all fell into place .
what better thing to do than pour fortified wine over crisp white shirts ?
' added the porting spokesperson .
according to the video 's creator , the video carries a strong message to the government : ` this is a protest against the hike of alcohol prices to a minimum of 45 pence per unit .
' 19 bottles of the expensive fortified wine are poured away in the video .
even the famous cathedral is n't safe from the porting trend .
one imaginative -lrb- and brave -rrb- student even takes part whilst on the move in the city .
students at rival newcastle university started the bizarre trend , with the milking video .
where student after student filmed themselves pouring pints of milk over their heads .