by .
paul bentley and francesca infante .
published : .
08:56 est , 12 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
21:06 est , 12 july 2013 .
died : police believe katharine hooper , 24 , killed herself and her two young sons .
a young mother killed herself and her five-year-old son by jumping 100ft off rocks at a beauty spot on dartmoor yesterday .
police believe katharine hooper , 24 , also killed her younger son samuel , aged two .
the toddler 's body was found at her home 20 miles away .
tourists said they saw mrs hooper put joshua , five , on her shoulders before jumping off haytor in devon , a spot popular with ramblers .
police opened a murder inquiry , but said they were not looking for anyone else in connection with the deaths .
friends claimed mrs hooper had serious problems in her relationship , which were known to authorities .
she had gone missing a few weeks ago , prompting devon and cornwall police to launch a public appeal .
last night serious concerns were raised about why officers and social services had not acted sooner to protect the children .
mrs hooper was last seen alive .
yesterday morning .
she was walking with joshua by a cliff at haytor , .
which is almost 1,500 ft above sea level and one of dartmoor national .
park 's most famous landmarks .
shortly afterwards , horrified .
onlookers saw the pair lifeless on the ground below , after what they .
believed was a tragic accident .
police , paramedics and search teams .
rushed to the scene and air ambulances were dispatched to airlift the .
pair to hospital , but both died shortly after the fall .
later , officers travelled to mrs .
hooper 's home in paignton , devon , and found the body of a two-year-old .
boy , also thought to be her son .
it is unclear how he died but a murder investigation has been launched into the deaths .
killed : joshua , five , -lrb- left -rrb- died after falling 100ft from the dartmoor beauty spot , while a body thought to be that of sam , two , -lrb- right -rrb- was found at mrs hooper 's home in paignton .
flowers : the