by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
two legal highs linked to a string of deaths in britain are to be banned .
the government 's official drugs advisers said nbome would be outlawed permanently as a class a substance , meaning dealers could face up to life in prison .
it also recommended that benzo fury - once marketed as a legal form of ecstasy -- be controlled as a class b substance .
deadly : a sample of 251-nbome - a recently discovered psychedelic substance which is to be banned .
both drugs have been subject to temporary bans after concerns about their health effects .
crime prevention minister norman baker , who recently took up the post in the last coalition reshuffle , said : ` i am grateful to the acmd for its advice on benzofury and nbome and we will respond in due course .
' nbome , known on the street as n-bomb and smiley paper , is a popular club drug mainly bought over the internet .
its effects , which can last six to 10 hours , include euphoria and feelings of love but also confusion , shaking , nausea , insomnia and paranoia , the acmd said .
last week an inquest heard how .
father-to-be jake harris died after slitting his own throat with a .
broken wine glass when he suffered a devastating reaction to the drug .
the 21-year-old is said to have gone ` crazy ' at an all-night party after taking a mind-bending drug known as n-bomb .
jake harris , 21 , is said to have gone ` crazy ' at an all-night party after taking a mind-bending drug known as n-bomb .
as .
he was suffering terrifying hallucinations , mr harris , a leisure centre .
lifeguard , was heard shouting and pleading : ' i want it to stop .
' he then broke a wine glass on a bedside cabinet and used a thick shard to slice his throat open .
an inquest heard that mr harris and .
friend steven higgins , 27 , had gone to a party at the luxury flat of .
heather turner , 28 , near manchester city centre .
the .
court was told she had already picked up some cocaine and vodka to .
share with revellers but mr higgins supplied