by .
simon tomlinson .
published : .
07:56 est , 29 april 2012 .
| .
updated : .
20:07 est , 29 april 2012 .
a suspect in the murder of businessman neil heywood struck a bizarre deal to import giant helium balloons to china in a bid to smuggle money into britain , it was claimed yesterday .
politician 's wife gu kailai asked a british firm to accept a secret # 150,000 over-payment and to use the money to pay her son 's school fees at harrow , a former company director said .
when the firm refused , the lawyer lost her temper and threatened to have its bosses thrown into jail by her powerful husband if they ever set foot in china .
` money-laundering ' bid : gu kailai -lrb- left -rrb- , accused of murdering british expat neil heywood -lrb- right -rrb- , reportedly tried to covertly transfer # 200,000 into britain to pay for her son 's education through a strange hot-air balloon deal .
murky dealings : mrs gu with husband bo xilai , the purged communist leader of chongqinq , and their son bo guagua .
it is claimed mrs gu wanted to use the # 200,000 to fund guagua 's public schooling in the uk .
mrs gu , 53 , is in custody in china .
where she has been named as a suspect in the murder of old harrovian mr .
heywood , and she and husband bo xilai are at the centre of a corruption .
investigation .
reports in china claim the 41-year-old .
british expat was poisoned with cyanide after he threatened to expose .
mrs gu for illegally siphoning a vast fortune out the country , while her .
husband was a rising star in the ruling communist party .
the case has prompted a political .
scandal in china and caused international embarrassment when britain .
demanded a full investigation into mr heywood 's death .
it was reported at the weekend that .
chinese authorities are expected to release a confession from mrs gu in .
an attempt to end the humiliating scandal .
career in ruins : mr bo , who was suspended from the politburo after the scandal surrounding mr heywood 's death broke , pictured with his son , bo guagua .
further evidence of neil heywood