by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
16:23 est , 11 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
08:52 est , 12 february 2014 .
two 26 year-old women living on separate continents - one of them an actress in los angeles , the other a fashion designer in london - have spoken of the moment they came to discover each other as identical twins .
anaïs bordier and samantha futerman were separated at birth .
miss bordier was taken to france by her adoptive parents , while miss futerman was raised in new jersey .
over the course of the last year , the pair have visited each other in their respective countries and taken the time to get to know each other before deciding to answer the question that they and everyone around them wanted to know - are they sisters ?
scroll down for video - and find out how you can donate to their film by clicking here .
twins !
two wonderful young women - strangers living thousands of miles apart found that they shared a life-changing secret .
seeing double : they decided to make a documentary about their experience and say they 've already heard from countless other adoptees thanking them .
documentary : anaïs bordier and samantha futerman , 26 , are now making a documentary to chart the moment when they finally get the results of a dna test that proves they are twins .
parent trap : suspected twins anais bordier , left , and samantha futerman , right , during their very first conversation , via skype ; bordier lives in london while futerman lives in los angeles .
my other half : the two young women launched a kickstarter campaign to fund a documentary and meet each other in person .
they 've nearly reached their $ 80,000 goal .
it all began last february .
' i got message on facebook from a girl in london , ' miss futerman , an actress , said in an interview on good morning america .
` it said she had seen me in a youtube .
video , then after looking my name up online , saw that we were both .
adopted , and born on the same day , in the same city .
when i saw her .
profile , it was crazy