by .
kerry mcdermott .
a dog who had its front paws cut off by callous members of a mexican drug gang is able to play and run once more after being fitted with prosthetic legs .
the sweetly-named pay de limon - or lemon pie - was discovered whining and bleeding in a dumpster after its run-in with heartless criminals in mexico city in 2011 .
a year on the plucky pooch has recovered well thanks to the efforts of the milagros caninos - canine miracles - rescue centre in the mexican capital , which raised almost # 4,000 to pay for pay de limon 's new legs .
scroll down for video .
back on its feet : pay de limon , whose two front paws were chopped off , bounds along outside a mexican rescue shelter with the help of his new prosthetic legs .
the founder of the rescue shelter claimed pay de limon 's horrifying injuries were the work of criminals using the dog to ` practice ' the torturous treatments dished out to kidnap victims by members of mexico 's notorious drug cartels .
` pay de limon had the misfortune of running into an organised crime group and they used him to practice cutting off each one of his paws , like they do when they cut fingers off human beings that have been kidnapped , ' patricia ruiz told reuters .
kidnaps are a regular occurrence in .
mexico , with victims snatched by drug gangs to try and extort money from .
their families , or sometimes to be forced into working for the cartels .
the mutilated dog was brought to .
milagros caninos after being found abandoned in a dumpster by passersby .
in the fresnillo district of mexico city .
staff at the rescue shelter worked to .
nurse pay de limon back to health , and raised more than $ 6,000 in .
donations to pay for the prosthetic limbs that would allow him to walk .
again .
because no facilities exist in mexico .
for fitting dogs with prosthetic legs , moulds of pay de limon 's legs .
were sent to a company in colorado , u.s. , that specialises in braces and .
prosethetics for dogs and other animals .
as pay de limon grew accustomed to .
wearing the prosthetics the dog