oblivious to the cold - and predators - as night falls , an orphaned elephant calf holds a vigil by the body of his dead mother .
the five-month-old lovingly laid his trunk on her as the emotional drama was played out in samburu , northern kenya .
worried for his safety , keepers from the david sheldrick wildlife trust -lrb- dswt -rrb- , kenya wildlife service and save the elephants worked through the night to capture the bull - who stubbornly refused to leave his mother 's side .
scroll down for video .
the baby elephant was discovered holding a vigil for his dead mother in samburu , north kenya .
such was the five-month-old 's devotion , he was oblivious to the cold , and threat of predators .
an autopsy later revealed that the mother elephant died due to a serious internal infection caused by a twisted gut .
the youngster is seen above keeping watch over her body before night fell .
vets were eventually able to tranquilise the youngster in the early hours of the morning , before driving him to the samburu airstrip .
a specialist team flew in to prepare the calf for the flight to his new home at the david sheldrick wildlife trust elephant orphanage .
located in the nairobi national park , the nursery is the only one of its kind in kenya and receives elephants from across the country .
after the flight , the severely dehydrated calf was driven to the orphanage , where keepers quenched his thirst with some milk and water .
some of the other 30 orphans at the nursery were bought in to welcome and comfort the new arrival , who was named sokotei .
and despite the shock of his new surroundings , it was n't long before the grieving calf was making new friends .
` sokotei 's rescue was a battle against time to keep him safe .
throughout the night , teams from save the elephants and the david sheldrick wildlife trust were there to support the young calf and everyone had a long night battling to keep him safe from predators by trying to catch him , ' dswt director rob brandford said .
worried for his safety , keepers from the david sheldrick wildlife trust -lrb- dswt -rrb- , kenya wildlife service and save the elephants worked