by .
david williams .
published : .
18:57 est , 9 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
18:59 est , 9 november 2012 .
the body of an unidentified taliban fighter allegedly murdered by five royal marines in afghanistan may never be found , it emerged last night .
a team of forensic scientists and military police -- protected by 120 soldiers -- has flown to helmand to investigate the hugely sensitive murder claims .
but the remains have still to be discovered and , even if they are , they may never be positively identified because nobody knows who he was .
heat of battle : fighting in helmand has pushed the royal marines to the limit .
details of the extraordinary search in the warzone have emerged days after the five troops won a court battle to protect their anonymity during their forthcoming trial because of ` an immediate and real risk ' to their lives from terrorists .
the marines first appeared in court last month .
they are accused of murdering a captured afghan national on or about september 15 last year , and were charged after the discovery of video footage on one of the men 's computers , allegedly showing them discussing what to do with a gravely injured captive .
it is the prosecution case that the man -- whose name does not appear on any charge sheet -- was subsequently murdered .
the case has prompted an enormous public backlash with a facebook campaign attracting over 100,000 supporters and protest marches across britain demanding the charges be dropped .
none of the accused can be identified after judge advocate general jeff blackett this week extended an anonymity order .
one protester , former marine james grant , 34 -- a veteran of two tours in afghanistan -- said the charges against the five were unjust .
he said : ` they were doing their job in incredibly difficult circumstances .
most of our politicians have not been out to afghanistan and can never imagine what it is like to be at war .
' hugely sensitive : a team of forensic scientists and military police has been dispatched to helmand province -lrb- pictured -rrb- to investigate the hugely murder claims .
unusually , the charges were brought even though a body has not been found .
in a region