by .
joe bernstein .
emre can lasted just 21 minutes of his liverpool debut as the post-luis suarez era in england started with a whimper .
can , a # 10million signing from bayer leverkusen this summer limped down the tunnel after appearing to tweak a muscle in his right leg .
video scroll down to watch emre can 's best flicks , tricks and goals in his career highlights .
match winner : kristoph peterson celebrates with his liverpool teammates after making it 2-1 .
man of the moment : peterson gestures towards the travelling fans after netting the decisive goal at deepdale .
new boy : emre can -lrb- left -rrb- bursts beyond neil kilkenny but his afternoon came to a premature end .
injury nightmare : can hobbles off after just 21 minutes of his first match for liverpool .
battle : midfielder joe allen -lrb- right -rrb- holds off the challenge of preston 's kevin davies -lrb- left -rrb- .
preston -lrb- first half -rrb- : jones , woods , clarke , wright , buchanan , kilkenny , brownhill , browne , hayhurst , gallagher , garner .
second half : stuckmann , wiseman , king , huntington , davies , humphrey , welsh , keane , laird , davies , little .
liverpool : b jones , kelly , flanagan -lrb- coates -rrb- , skrtel -lrb- stewart -rrb- , wisdom -lrb- coady -rrb- , lucas -lrb- peterson -rrb- , allen -lrb- l jones -rrb- , can , coutinho -lrb- rossiter -rrb- , lambert , borini -lrb- adojan -rrb- .
it was a big disappointment for the 20-year-old who is tipped as steve gerrard 's long-term successor as a holding midfielder and fellow debutant rickie lambert fared little better , missing two chances before wholesale changes were made at half-time .
league one preston provided what little intensity existed and after joe garner had been foiled by brad jones , the home side went ahead on the stroke of half-time through josh brownhill .
the highly-rated youngster , who was watched by arsenal , converted from close range .
despite the game being shown live on bt sport , it descended into a farce with so many substitutions that 47 players -lrb- 23 from liverpool and 24 from preston -rrb- were eventually involved .
one of them , suso , levelled for liverpool midway through