a husband ` tortured ' and killed his wife while playing the koran at full volume in a bid to drown out her screams , because of a row over a shelf , a court has heard .
thahi manaa , 37 , of firth park , sheffield is accused of killing his wife sara el shourefi at their home on march 4 , 2014 .
police recovered several blood-stained implements near ms el shoureifi 's body , including an electric drill , two metal bars , two screwdrivers and a wooden shelf .
a screwdriver had also been driven into the 28-year-old victim 's eye socket penetrating her brain .
sara el shourefi was killed at the family home in the oval , firth park , sheffield in march 2014 , file photo .
sheffield crown court heard that the attack happened in a downstairs living area while his own mother and children aged two and four were locked elsewhere in the rented property .
prosecutors claimed that following the attack , manaa bound his wife 's legs with packing tape before bundling her body into a cupboard .
relatives alerted the police later that same day .
manaa , who was born in kuwait and came to the uk in 2010 and granted leave to remain until 2016 denies his wife 's murder on grounds of diminished responsibility but has admitted her manslaughter .
a post mortem counted 270 injuries on ms el shoureifi 's body , including a large number of puncture wounds while clumps of her hair had been torn out .
her scalp was hanging off her head and she had been kicked and stamped upon as well as a knife being used on her neck .
nicholas campbell qc , prosecuting , said : ` it was a sustained and brutal attack and sara received sadistic injuries .
' sheffield crown court heard manaa gave various accounts to psychiatrists before claiming to have lost his memory about the attack .
he told one doctor the couple had ongoing rows about a shelf he had put up in the living room .
mr campbell said : ` his wife wanted it to be moved .
there was an argument and he hit her with his hands and with the shelf he was trying to reposition .
` he said he hit sara on the head