she realised something was wrong when her grandmother struggled to use her knife and fork .
oscar nominee carey mulligan subsequently watched alzheimer 's disease take hold of margaret booth .
now , 14 years after mrs booth , affectionately known as nans by the actress , was diagnosed , miss mulligan has revealed her anger at how dismissively dementia sufferers are treated .
hollywood actress carey mulligan says more needs to be done to raise awareness of dementia .
her grandmother margaret booth , who she is pictured with here on a charity walk , suffers with the illness .
the 29-year-old said she watched as her grandmother , a former teacher , develop problems with her memory .
mulligan , a patron of the alzheimer 's society and said her gran has n't recognised her in at least five years .
according to the actress , 29 , there is a ` shame or humour ' attached to the illness , which causes memory loss and language problems .
despite being one of the greatest influences in miss mulligan 's career , having encouraged her to act and sing as a child , mrs booth is unaware of the extent of her granddaughter 's fame and appears to have struggled to recognise her for about eight years .
speaking about the disease , which affects 850,000 in the uk , miss mulligan said : ` it 's quite quickly disregarded as being a sort of age-related thing , ` oh , granny 's lost her marbles ' -- that sort of throwaway comment about somebody who has a brain disease ... there 's not an awful lot of awareness in society .
' mrs booth was once a gifted piano player and a geography teacher , who took a great interest in her grandchildren 's education .
but she began having trouble remembering things and would sometimes struggle to find her own home .
and it means she has missed out on witnessing the success of miss mulligan 's career , which has seen her star in films including the great gatsby , pride and prejudice and her latest film far from the madding crowd , which is out next month .
the interview with carey mulligan appears in the latest edition of the radio times .
recalling watching the disease take hold , miss mulligan said :