there 's a well-quoted ` wintourism ' that goes : ` it 's always about timing .
if it 's too soon , no one understands .
if it 's too late , everyone 's forgotten .
' however it seems anna wintour may have forgetten to live some of the joys of christmas this year , with that timing obsession seeing vogue 's famed neat freak tossing out her tree before santa had arrived .
bee shaffer , daughter of the celebrated perfectionist , posted a photo on her instagram on christmas day showing a bunch of presents and designer shopping bags sitting all of their lonesome .
` my mom threw out our tree before christmas day because `` it was too messy '' ' shaffer posted .
so ... where do we hang the stockings ?
: anna wintour 's daughter bee shaffer posted this photo on instagram on christmas day showing a heap of presents piled in a corner because her mom decided to get rid of the christmas tree early .
anna wintour and her daughter bee shaffer , seen here in a photo from paris fashion week 2012 , enjoyed a christmas without a tree this year .
anna wintour 's 19th century townhouse , in an exclusive block of sullivan street , greenwich village , has become known for its intimate events and celebrity soirees .
the holiday snap was presumably taken inside wintour 's greenwich village townhouse in new york city , although she also has a home on long island .
shaffer , 26 , moved back to manhattan earlier this year from la , where she had been working for glee creator ryan murphy , to take a job as a segment producer for seth meyers at nbc .
just last week , wintour - who is also conde nast 's artistic director and reportedly earns over $ 2 million a year - hosted her annual christmas party at the greenwich village townhouse .
perhaps the tree had already served its festive function when wintour decided it was to be taken down .
wintour , 64 , lives at the house with her long-term partner , texas-born billionaire and telecommunications pioneer shelby ryan .
besides bee - real name katherine - the magazine maven has another child , charles , 28 , both with ex-husband david shaffer .
her home