by .
jill reilly .
graffiti depicting the pope as a superhero has got the official seal of approval from the vatican after they took a photo of the wall art and tweeted it to their 84,000 followers .
the image shows pope francis as superman , flying through the air with his white cape billowing out behind him .
it was created by italian street artist maupal who spray-painted it onto a wall in rome .
scroll down for video .
graffiti depicting the pope as a superhero has got the official seal of approval from the vatican after they took a photo of the wall art and tweeted it to their 84,000 followers .
the colourful creation shows the 77-year-old argentine pontiff with his fist pointing forward like superman .
he is wearing a crucifix and his carrying his trademark black bag , with the word ` values ' written across it , in spanish , in white letters .
` we share with you a graffiti found in a roman street near the vatican , ' the pontifical council for social communications from the holy see said on its official twitter page .
` we share with you a graffiti found in a roman street near the vatican , ' the pontifical council for social communications from the holy see said on its official twitter page .
the colourful image shows the 77-year-old argentine pontiff , left , with his fist pointing forward like superman .
italian street artist maupal poses next to his street art mural of pope francis as a superman , flying through the air .
the pope is a keen twitter user himself , regularly posting tweets on his own feeds in nine languages , which boast more than 10 million followers in total .
he is proving to be a very modern leader of the catholic church and yesterday it emerged pope francis is set to grace the cover of rolling stone as he continues to capture the hearts and minds of worshippers across the world .
the pope features on the front page of the rock and roll magazine 's new issue - with an accompanying article titled ` the times they are a-changin '' .
pope francis puts his finger out to hold a parrot earlier today .
a child cries as he is lifted up to be kissed by