two palestinians , including a 13-year-old boy , have been killed by israeli soldiers carrying out raids linked to the search for three teenagers believed to have been abducted in the west bank .
mohammed dodeen , whose funeral has already taken place , is believed to have been killed by a bullet to the chest during army raids in dura refugee camp in the palestinian territory this morning .
the army also opened fire during a raid in the nearby qalandiya refugee camp , leaving three palestinians seriously wounded , and killing 23-year-old mustafa aslan - bringing the total number killed during raids by israeli soldiers this week to three .
the deaths come as israel condemned the united nations for refusing to say the missing teenagers had been abducted , condemning their stance on the matter as ` hypocritical ' , as well as ` out of touch , out of line and out of time ' .
grief : mohammed dodeen -lrb- pictured -rrb- is believed to have been killed by a bullet to the chest during army raids in dura refugee camp in the palestinian territory this morning .
the army also opened fire during a raid in the nearby qalandiya refugee camp .
funeral : mohammed dodeen 's death came during a raid in dura by the israeli army .
over the past week , thousands of soldiers have searched locations in the west bank and arrested more than 300 palestinians , many from hamas .
the total number of palestinians killed by the soldiers during the raids now stands at three .
anger : a large number of palestinians carry the body of 13-year-old mohamed dodeen during his funeral in the west bank village of dura this afternoon .
outpouring : hundreds of palestinians turned out for the funeral of mohammed dodeen .
a hospital official , who spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to talk to media , said the 13-year-old was killed by a bullet in the chest .
the three jewish seminary students disappeared june 12 while hitchhiking in the west bank .
israel has blamed the islamic militant hamas group for the apparent abduction , but has offered no proof for the claims .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu has used the search to promote two other objectives - a new crackdown on hamas and an