by .
jason groves .
published : .
16:22 est , 18 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:55 est , 19 september 2013 .
european commission officials will visit gibraltar next week to assess claims of harassment by spain as well as the legality of its border checks .
david cameron demanded action from brussels after spain suggested a # 43.50 fee could be imposed on anyone wanting to cross the border with the british territory .
the move will see officials from brussels travel to the rock on september 25 to assess the legality of the border checks .
battle of gibraltar : prime minister david cameron demanded the intervention after spain suggested a ¿ 50 -lrb- # 43.50 -rrb- fee to cross into british territory .
downing street said the decision was a ` welcome response to the prime minister 's call ' .
the long-running dispute with spain escalated this summer after madrid suggested a 50 euro -lrb- # 43.50 -rrb- fee could be imposed on people wanting to cross the border to visit gibraltar .
spain has also imposed strict checks on traffic at the border with gibraltar , leading to delays of up to seven hours , in protest at the creation of an artificial reef .
the spanish say the 74 concrete blocks on the seabed disrupt an area used by its fishing boats , while the gibraltarians say it was a necessary environmental measure .
spanish police vessels have also made frequent incursions into gibraltarian waters , including one incident in which officers fired pot shots at a british jetskier .
solid as a rock : david cameron has said he will only discuss the matter of gibraltar if the locals wish to no longer belong to britain .
brussels officials will now assess whether the border controls are consistent with eu laws on the free movement of people and goods .
in a statement yesterday the commission said the move had been agreed following talks between commission president jose manuel barroso and spain 's prime minister mariano rajoy .
officials will also assess spanish complaints about the artificial reef .
the spanish government has been accused of stoking the row with the uk in order to distract attention from its dire domestic problems .
mr cameron pledged last week that britain will ` never ' discuss sovereignty issues with