single for 13 years following a bitter divorce , ann sanderson , 56 , from devon , thought she would never be loved or wanted ever again .
so when she met a ` perfect ' man named michael evans , 62 , on an online dating site , ms sanderson was overjoyed .
but when , after a whirlwind romance , the couple married in what she describes as a ` dream wedding ' , she soon discovered that mr evans was n't quite what he seemed .
upsetting : ann sanderson , 56 , discovered that her husband mike had another wife and a mistress .
just eight months after their wedding , a surprise letter led to the revelation that not only had mr evans not divorced his wife of 40 years , he was having an affair with a third woman as well .
now ms sanderson has appeared on channel 5 documentary , got hitched , got ditched , to tell the world of her experiences in the hope that it might prevent other women from falling prey to a similar con .
her story began in september 2011 , when , encouraged by friends , she decided to try internet dating and set up an account with online match-maker , plenty of fish .
several men got in touch , among them mr evans , whose persistent emails and seeming kindness caught her eye .
fantastic : ms sanderson says her wedding day was ` fantastic ' and wonderful in every way .
the pair began speaking regularly on the phone .
` it felt nice to have someone phoning and having someone to talk to about all my troubles , ' remembers ms sanderson .
` it did feel good .
he 'd tell me about his occupation , his home , his marriage and what had happened in his marriage .
' overjoyed : ms sanderson was delighted when mike popped the question after a few months of dating .
mr evans was , he said , in the process of divorcing his wife of 40 years and told lurid stories about her drinking habits and vindictive behaviour .
completely taken in , ms sanderson agreed to meet him in person for the very first time and , despite feeling nervous ahead of the date , said it proved to be a