by .
laurie whitwell for mailonline .
ben foster has hit out at the ` pathetic ' booing of club captain chris brunt from west bromwich albion supporters .
the northern ireland international was jeered as he left the pitch to be replaced by sebastian blanco during the 2-0 defeat to everton .
brunt became a scapegoat for fan ire as the team struggled to avoid relegation last season and it seems that lingering anger remains .
chris brunt -lrb- left -rrb- was booed by west bromwich albion fans when he replaced during the defeat to everton .
west bromwich albion goalkeeper ben foster has called the booing of chris brunt by fans as ` pathetic ' but england goalkeeper foster is furious at the reaction from the stands to brunt , who has played more than 250 games for the club over seven years .
` it is absolutely ridiculous that somebody who has been an incredible servant to this club for such a long time gets that , ' said foster .
` he always gives his all and he 's somebody i would always have in the team .
it 's not needed .
it is really silly .
it does n't help at all .
it 's pathetic , to be honest .
` brunty is everything we 're about .
he works his socks off .
there 's no need to boo somebody .
` if he very obviously was n't putting it in or could n't be bothered then fair enough , but that 's not the case .
west bromwich albion captain chris brunt kicks out in frustration after being substituted against everton .
chris brunt -lrb- right -rrb- of west bromwich albion attempts to challenge everton 's seamus coleman .
` if you 're getting ridiculed and abused like that it affects you and there 's no need for it .
` nobody likes that , i do n't care who you are , whether you 're the manager or the goalkeeper , centre-forward .
` these are our supporters and we need our supporters to support us and not do things like that .
it 's not nice .
` you can understand frustration but it 's not like we 're not trying .
if that happens fans are well within their rights to do whatever they like .
` if