it 's the perfect setting : millions of tons of dirt , plenty of space and an atmosphere that stays at a constant 58 degrees .
a new underground bicycle park with miles of dirt trails , jumps and stunt courses is being built inside an abandoned limestone mine in louisville , kentucky , that has been recycled into a popular tourist attraction .
the owners of the 320,000-square foot park say it will be the largest indoor course in the nation .
scroll down for video .
popular tourist attraction : a new underground bicycle park with miles of dirt trails , jumps and stunt courses is being built inside an abandoned limestone mine in louisville , kentucky .
room to ride : the owners of the 320,000-square foot park say it will be the largest indoor course in the nation .
top notch : it 's pegged as the perfect setting : millions of tons of dirt , plenty of space and an atmosphere that stays a constant 58 degrees .
` we have a very large area to work with , ' said tom tyler , who co-owns the former mine , now called the mega cavern .
` you ca n't duplicate it .
somebody would have to go out and dig rock for 40 years before they have what we 've got here .
' tyler and the other owners started out using the mine 's nearly one million square feet of underground space as a dumping site for dirt and rock in the early 1990s , and later as a storage site for businesses .
about five years ago , they installed zip lines in a section of the mine and in recent years set up a drive-thru underground christmas light show that draws long lines of cars during the holidays .
two decades of dumping gradually built the floor up over time , and gave the owners plenty of earth to work with .
tyler said there were requests from visitors and bikers to build a bike park in the mine .
three , two , one , lift-off !
workers have been busy sculpting the earth into jumps and ramps .
in high demand : tom tyler , who co-owns the former mine , now called the mega cavern , said there were requests from visitors and bikers to build a bike