joachim low , the coach of germany , took a leaf out of sir alex ferguson 's book of football management when he appealed for marco rodriguez to referee strongly and ` clamp down on things ' in the world cup semi-final with brazil .
low claimed that the refereeing standards in european football are better in a clear attempt to influence the mexican referee .
rodriguez is another referee who was known as a strict disciplinarian before this competition , but he has opted for a liberal approach at the finals .
video scroll down for brazil will raise their game - loew .
poor : germany coach joachim low believes the level of officiating at the world cup has been sub-standard .
critical : low has not been impressed with the brutality of some of the tackles at the world cup .
attack : low believes some of the tackles at the world cup would not have been tolerated in europe .
video brazil will raise their game - loew .
low , whilst understandably concerned for the welfare of his technical german side , should make his appeal to the fifa referees committee rather than make swinging statements intended to pressurise a match official already under pressure preparing to referee the biggest game of his career .
however , low , like the majority of observers , will have thought that appeal fruitless to a committee who deny having instructed the officials to take a low-key approach and to let the players take centre stage .
perhaps the wording is inaccurate as fifa can not ` instruct ' on application of law but they can suggest and guide -- and inference plays a huge part in such finals competitions .
it is impossible to conclude otherwise when the strictest of referees currently on the world circuit , carlos velasco carballo , waits for 40 free-kicks before he issues a single yellow card .
appointment : marco rodriguez missed luis suarez 's bite on giorgio chiellini but will take charge of semi-final .
seeing red : rodriguez sent off italy 's claudio marchisio in the same match .
brazilian coach luiz felipe scolari was quoted as saying that he wanted brazil to ` toughen up ' and rough-up opponents , and their performances against both chile and colombia have delivered on his wishes .
these two powerhouses in