countries with emerging economies are at risk of slowing down because of tighter u.s. monetary policy , it has been claimed .
the growing economies of brazil , china and india could all be .
vulnerable as the u.s. federal reserve looks to reduce its support for the u.s. economy this month .
the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- has now recommended that policy makers should be ready to handle a rise in financial .
instability .
worrying : countries with emerging economies - such as brazil , pictured - are at risk of of slowing down because of tighter u.s. monetary policy , it has been claimed .
it warned that advanced economies led by the united states will increasingly drive global growth .
in a surveillance note obtained by reuters and prepared for the g20 meeting in st. petersburg , the imf urged strengthened global action to revitalise growth and better manage risks , warning that some downside risks have become more prominent .
emerging economies are seen particularly as being vulnerable to a tightening of u.s. monetary policy and the imf recommended that policy makers be ready to handle a rise in financial instability .
` policy makers should allow exchange rates to respond to changing fundamentals but may need to guard against risks of disorderly adjustment , including through intervention to smooth excessive volatility , ' the imf said .
the u.s. federal reserve may start tapering its stimulus programme as early as this month , the imf noted .
` the greatest worry may well be a prolonged period of sluggish global growth -lrb- a plausible downside -rrb- , ' the imf said , adding it was revising downwards its near-term projections for emerging economies .
way forward : advanced economies led by the united states will increasingly drive global growth , the imf has said .
this is a file picture of times square in new york .
but with the united states and other advanced economies picking up speed , the imf said it still expected global growth to accelerate in 2014 from this year , helped by the highly accommodative monetary conditions in the rich world .
private demand , underpinned by recovering labour and housing markets , should further bolster the u.s. economy next year , though growth in japan may become more subdued as a consumption tax increase takes