for those on death row , it is the last thing they have left to look forward to .
but inmates in texas will no longer be allowed to choose their final meal , after a convicted murderer ordered a massive multi-course dinner .
lawrence brewer , who was executed on wednesday , asked for two chicken steaks , a triple bacon cheeseburger , fried okra , three fajitas , a pizza , a pint of ice cream , and a slab of peanut butter fudge with crushed peanuts .
he reportedly refused to eat any of the feast once it was delivered .
death sentence : lawrence russell brewer , pictured arriving at court in a bulletproof vest in 1999 , was executed last night .
houston state senator john whitmire .
wrote to the executive director of the texas criminal justice division .
saying that he had long opposed the practice , and that ` enough is .
enough .
' he said the last meal request is an .
` extremely inappropriate ' privilege , ` one which the perpetrator did not .
provide to their victim .
' houstonpress.com reports that executive director brad livingston agreed with sen. whitmire .
he said : ' i believe senator whitmire 's concerns regarding the practice of allowing death row offenders to choose their last meal are valid .
` effective immediately , no such accommodations will be made .
they will receive the same meal served to other offenders on the unit .
' lawrence brewer , 44 , was put to death by lethal injection for his part in the 1998 killing of james byrd in jasper , east texas .
brewer was one of three men convicted of killing mr byrd after they offered him a lift along a remote country road .
mr byrd , 49 , was beaten unconscious and .
urinated upon before being bound to the vehicle by his ankles with a .
heavy logging chain and driven for three miles .
forensic evidence showed that he was .
alive for much of the ordeal but was killed when the vehicle hit a .
concrete drainage channel causing his head and arm to be ripped from his .
body .
john william king , 36 , was also .
convicted of capital murder and sent to death row .
his case remains