mathematicians have confirmed what fans of adele , radiohead and lana del ray may already suspect -- that english language song lyrics are one of the most depressing forms of writing on the planet .
a study has found that english-spoken song lyrics are more miserable than russian literature , which has brought us less-than-cheery classic novels such as anna karenina and crime and punishment .
only chinese novels and korean film subtitles -- which can be full of violence and gothic themes -- were ranked less happy than english song lyrics .
a study has found that english language song lyrics are less positive than russian literature , making them one of the most miserable forms of writing analysed in a new study .
a stock image of thom yorke from radiohead is shown , whose lyrics include , ` if you 'd been a dog they would have drowned you at birth ' a random sample of english language lyrics ranked 22nd for ` happiness ' out of 24 categories in different languages .
however , overall , the study concluded that human language as a whole is positive .
in 1969 , two psychologists proposed the pollyanna hypothesis - the idea that there is a universal human tendency to use positive words more frequently than negative ones , so that humans think , and talk , on the bright side of life .
since then , scientists have investigated whether the idea is true .
only chinese novels and korean film subtitles -- which can be full of violence and gothic themes -- were ranked less happy than english song lyrics -lrb- shown above -rrb- .
spanish was found to be the happiest language , with its google searches ranking the most positive in terms of words analysed .
despite noting the unhappiness of english language pop lyrics , overall , the study concluded that human language as a whole is positive .
lana del rey 's first album was titled ` born to die ' a team of scientists at the university of vermont used a vast data set made up of many billions of words to confirm the 1960s guess .
they gathered billions of words from around the world using 24 types of sources including books , news outlets , social media , websites , television and film subtitles , and music lyrics .