country lovers are queuing up to stay in one of britain 's most exclusive holiday homes - with its own herd of deer .
visitors are handed the keys to a 1,000-acre estate , which includes a victorian abbey , a 17th-century orangery and the chance to feed their own bambis every day .
but holidaymakers will need deep pockets as the going rate is up to # 1,000-a-week at margam park on the welsh coast .
the cottage itself sits in the deer enclosure of margam park , which overlooks swansea bay .
the cottage is on the same property as a castle , victorian abbey and 17th-century orangery with gardens .
guests can book to stay in the newly refurbished ivy cottage which stands in the deer enclosure at margam park overlooking swansea bay in south wales .
the orangery is popular wedding venue and oscar-winning welsh movie star sir anthony hopkins - who was born in south wales - had his 70th birthday party there in 2008 .
but now people can stay for a stag night with a difference watching the deer go about their daily activities .
margam park spokeswoman alison lloyd said : ` as holiday cottages go .
this one is unique .
there are plenty of deer to spot as they roam among the 1,000-acre park .
ivy cottage recently underwent a major makeover as part of a # 2million refurbishment .
at margam park in wales , animal lovers can book a holiday cottage that comes with its own herd of deer .
` where else can you have your own key to a park like this , so that after hours you have it to yourself ?
' the jacobean three-bedroomed cottage was given a major makeover as part of a # 2m refurbishment - including money from the national lottery .
mrs lloyd added : ` we have refurbished it to five-star standards and it looks amazing .
` it is a lovely private spot , but still so close to the m4 motorway if you need it .
` there 's been no shortage of booking since we opened - it is the perfect spot for country lovers to view a heard of beautiful deer in an amazing setting .
' with help from the national lottery , the house now boasts a chic , walled garden .