by .
david kent .
it 's the sort of welcome england might have hoped for had they performed anywhere near as valiantly as their group d rivals at the world cup , costa rica .
instead , the tiny central american country , which has a population of just 4.5 million , were lauded as returning heroes on their arrival back home after a remarkable world cup campaign .
widely tipped to finish bottom of a group comprising three previous world cup winners , costa rica emerged as one of the stories of a truly remarkable tournament as they picked up seven points to send england and italy packing .
a round of 16 win over greece on penalties ensured costa rica of their best ever world cup finish as they reached the last eight for the first time , where only a shootout defeat by the dutch prevented them from reaching the semi-final stage .
still , the mood of celebration in the capital of san jose could not be dampened by costa rica 's exit as their stars touched down to find thousands waiting to celebrate .
and celebrate they did .
video scroll down to watch costa rica players receive heroes ' welcome in san jose .
touchdown : goalkeeper keylor navas -lrb- right -rrb- waves the costa rican flag as thousands of fans gather .
water performance : costa rica achieved their best ever world cup finish by reaching the last eight .
national heroes : the central american country has a population of just 4.5 million people .
friends in high places : striker joel campbell -lrb- right -rrb- shakes hands with costa rica president luis guillermo solis as the team 's colombian head coach jorge luis pinto -lrb- left -rrb- greets fans .
pandemonium : there was no room to move in san jose as fans flocked to the airport .
party time ; the squad sing and dance as fans throw ticker-tape on their heroes .
flying the flag : one fan shows her support .
life of bryan : ruiz posts a selfie .
it 's a sign : one young fan ca n't hide his excitement as the players arrive back home .
unprecedented : costa rica 's previous best world cup performance was reaching the round of 16 in 1990 .
fitting finale : costa rica won the hearts