being on the tv does n't stop you getting star-struck and right now i 've got a serious girl crush on cheryl cole .
or should i say cheryl fernandez-versini .
now that newly-wed c f-v is back on our celebrity radars , i 've remembered how gorgeous and glossy she always looks , and being a fellow brunette , she 's a great beauty inspiration for me .
so this week i 'm recreating one of cheryl 's signature looks - all sultry eyes , glowing skin and pale lips .
scroll down for video .
binky says that fellow brunette cheryl fernandez-versini is her beauty inspiration .
get the look .
the base .
cheryl is lucky enough to have flawless skin , so for this look i 've used diorskin forever foundation to create a smooth , even canvas for the rest of my make-up .
i prefer to apply my foundation with my fingertips , but a sponge or foundation brush creates an equally professional finish .
now dust over your base with translucent powder to fix it in place - i 've chosen the super-sheer daniel sandler invisible veil powder , blending it in with a big , fluffy brush .
the eyes .
i 've already prepped my eyes with foundation and powder , so i 'm not using an eye primer but going straight on to eye colour .
first up i 've chosen bareminerals high shine eye colour in bronzed .
this beautiful sparkly rose-gold eyeshadow comes in a tube with a handy sponge at the end , so it 's easy to apply exactly where you want it .
binky uses bronze tones and dark black eyeliner to achieve cheryl 's sultry look .
draw the colour along your upper lash line then use your fingertips to blend over your entire eye socket .
you can really pack on this shade to create a shimmering , starry finish.cheryl loves dark black liner so i 'm making that the focus of this look .
begin by drawing a black eyeliner pencil along your top and bottom lashes , getting as close to the lash line as possible .
i 've used daniel sandler 's black velvet eyeliner , which is waterproof so less likely to smudge .
if you find it tricky to draw a single line , it may be easier