by .
liz hull .
published : .
15:57 est , 26 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
18:31 est , 12 july 2013 .
a teenage father killed himself when his girlfriend discovered he was swapping obscene messages with a male teacher , a court heard .
anthony stubbs , 16 , vanished following the confrontation with 18-year-old charlotte mason , who had just given birth to their daughter lily .
he was later found hanged in woodland .
the primary school teacher , 34-year-old iwan harding , appeared in court yesterday accused of sending him indecent messages .
anthony stubbs hanged himself after his girlfriend charlotte mason , pictured with baby lily , found the messages .
iwan harding appeared at caernarfon crown court accused of sending indecent texts .
the court was told he had asked anthony about the size of his manhood , described him as a ` horny lad ' and offered sex .
he also sent indecent images of himself to the teenager along with an explicit video of two men performing a sex act .
the pair met through love leap , a dating website .
although users must be 18 to register , anthony was able to set up an account under the tag ` young , sexy gay ' .
julie hughes , prosecuting , said anthony went missing on november 24 last year following the argument with miss mason .
` the messages themselves are obscene and indecent and , to an extent , that is conceded by the defendant in interview , ' she told caernarfon magistrates ' court in north wales .
detective sergeant richard horton , of lancashire police , said that although anthony 's body was not found until january 14 he had killed himself in woods near his leyland home soon after he vanished .
his mobile phone showed he had contacted 14 people through love leap , including a 47-year-old manchester man .
he also spoke to 12 others via the internet video telephone service skype .
tudur owen , defending , said the case raised ` issues of public concern ' because the crown was alleging that the sending of salacious texts between two individuals amounted to a criminal act .
mr owen said : ` it 's a tragic case -lsb- but -rsb- there were no fixed plans for the