rangers legend david robertson warned the ibrox board they missed a trick by throwing out american financier robert sarver 's # 20million takeover bid for the crisis club .
earlier this month , rangers directors rejected the phoenix suns owner 's attempt to purchase a controlling stake - arguing he was unlikely to receive the necessary backing of 75 per cent of shareholders .
but phoenix-based robertson , who suggested to the businessman that he buy rangers after coaching one of his children at football , criticised the board for not acting in the club 's best interests .
david robertson feels rangers have missed out by rejecting robert sarver 's bid for the club .
robert sarver is the owner of nba side phoenix suns and tried to buy rangers .
when asked if it was a missed opportunity , the 46-year-old said : ` it is .
i do n't know if i 'm speaking out of turn but i know it 's a fantastic opportunity , and i 'm sure there could have been ways to make it work .
the shareholding piece of it did n't work out but if those guys really had rangers at heart they would have tried to find a way to make it work .
` i do n't know if people want power or whatever , but the way i think the shareholdings are , there 's a lot of small shareholdings that all add up .
it 's a difficult situation .
he needed 75 per cent and they felt they could n't have got that .
the shareholders really could have made it happen .
' sarver had proposed to loan rangers # 6.5 m up front after seeing his initial offer rejected on january 6 , only for his second proposal to be blocked on january 12 .
but robertson , who won six league titles under walter smith during the nine-in-a-row era , believes sarver would have turned rangers into a force again .
` he 's such an honest guy , whatever he says you can take as gospel , ' added robertson , speaking at the sfa 's uefa pro licence course at hampden .
` he had visions of getting rangers back to where they were and even further .
he 's obviously disappointed but he feels he 's the guy who could