in the rough and tumble of football more than a century and a half ago , the 40 players involved in each game were allowed to push over their opponents and even punch the ball to score .
now a group of four schools will tomorrow play a tournament by the 1858 rules at the world 's oldest football ground - sandygate road of non-league team hallam fc in sheffield , south yorkshire .
the unusual games will be played as closely to the historic sheffield rules as possible under modern health and safety laws , and will be officiated by former premier league referee uriah rennie , 53 .
early days : this is a 1857 photograph of sheffield football club , the world 's oldest football team .
a group of four schools in south yorkshire will tomorrow play a tournament by the rules written around the same time .
host stadium : a group of four schools will tomorrow play a tournament by the 1858 rules at the world 's oldest football ground - sandygate road of non-league team hallam fc in sheffield , south yorkshire .
it is believed to be the first time .
that the rules - which prohibit scoring directly from free kicks - will .
be used in a match since the football association was founded in 1863 , .
reported the independent .
the .
handwritten rulebook - auctioned off by the world 's oldest football .
club sheffield fc for almost # 900,000 in 2011 - features 11 rules that .
include players having to wear red or blue flannel caps .
back .
then players competed in 20-a-side matches which could last from one to .
three hours , and could catch the ball provided it had not touched the .
ground or been thrown from the touchline .
the .
game , which was originally derived from rugby , was very different to .
the 21st century sport but formed the basis of the football association .
rulebook which was published five years later in 1863 .
the sheffield rules were put together .
with help from earlier regulations - in particular those used by cambridge .
university and other public schools , who were the first people to play .
the game .
in charge : the unusual games will be played as closely to the historic