paul gauguin is famous for his use of bold lines and colourful imagery to depict tahitian life .
little is known , however , about the techniques and materials the french artist used to create his unusual and complex graphic works .
now a team of us scientists and artists have used a light bulb , an slr camera and a laptop to uncover new remarkable new details of gauguin 's printmaking process .
scroll down for video .
the technique was originally revealed by peeling back layers of the 3d surface of the print ` nativity -lrb- mother and child surrounded by five figures -rrb- , ' made by gauguin in 1902 .
the scientists used multiple wavelengths of light shining from different directions onto gauguin 's prints .
the technique allowed the researchers to separate colour from surface shape , providing a much clearer view of the paper 's topography .
for the study of an artwork , the piece was fixed in place , as was an slr camera .
a light bulb was moved to 20 different locations and a photo taken of the artwork for each light bulb position .
the digital data for each pixel of each image then was run through cossairt 's software .
essentially , the researchers were measuring only the response of an artwork 's surface to changing lighting .
for each image , they knew the angle of the lighting and the brightness of each pixel and from that they could can calculate the unknown - the surface structure .
researchers at northwestern university say gauguin formed , layered and re-used imagery to make 19 unique graphic works .
the technique was originally revealed by peeling back layers of the 3d surface of the print ` nativity -lrb- mother and child surrounded by five figures -rrb- , ' made by gauguin in 1902 .
gauguin created the print using a layering of images created on paper by drawings , transfer of images and two different inks .
the ` nativity ' findings overturn an earlier theory as to how gauguin might have produced the print .
oliver cossairt , who led the research , was ` blown away ' by the scientific results , so the his team reproduced what they believed to be gauguin 's process .
the printmaking process produced a piece of art very similar to