britain 's high street christmas shopping frenzy has finally peaked - with only men still ` panic buying ' , according to retail bosses .
millions hit the shops today for the six-hour ` window ' , leaving industry experts to describe today as the ` most intense ' spending day in the festive build-up .
and now it is the turn of ` panic-buying ' men to hit the high street , as retailers are predicting 70 per cent of shoppers tomorrow will be blokes .
rush : millions are set to grab a last-minute gift in the next couple of days .
richard dodd , spokesman for the british retail consortium , said the six hours of trading today had led to a rush of shoppers on the streets .
he told the mail online : ` it will have been the busiest day , the most intense spending day that we have seen in the run up to christmas because people have been restricted to shopping within those limited hours .
' and he said there was expected to be a significant number of people shopping online as the post-christmas sales had already begun .
he said : ` there will be a notable amount of shopping online on christmas day and it may well be that it 's the biggest christmas day for online spending that we have seen .
' meanwhile , jace tyrrell , director of communications at the new west end company , which represents hundreds of businesses in london 's west end , said he expected tomorrow 's shoppers to be mainly male .
he said : ` what we have tomorrow is man dash , where basically about 70 per cent of our shoppers will be men panic buying .
' ` man dash ' : seven out of ten shoppers tomorrow are expected to be men panic buying , according to industry experts .
he said overall he expected sales to be up anywhere between two and ten per cent on last year .
he said ` we are definitely on track to hit a million shoppers over saturday , sunday and monday , which will be about # 100m for us going through the tills .
millions of shoppers mobbed high streets across britain today as retailers slashed prices by up to 80 per cent in a desperate attempt