by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
published : .
06:07 est , 14 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
06:13 est , 14 november 2012 .
tory mp chris heaton-harris apologised after being caught on film apparently admitting he encouraged his friend james delingpole to stand against the conservative candidate in corby .
the conservative campaign manager in the by-election to replace louise mensch as mp for corby has been caught on film admitting he encouraged a rival candidate .
chris heaton-harris today apologised after footage emerged in which he suggested his friend james delingpole had put his name forward to stand against the tory party candidate .
mr heaton-harris , mp for daventry , was filmed saying it was ` part of the plan ' to 'cause some hassle ' in the corby by-election by making wind farms a major issue ahead of polling day .
ms mensch stood down in the summer , claiming she could not juggle family life and the demands of being an mp .
the tory party candidate is christine emmett , and mr heaton-harris was put in charge of the campaign to get her elected in the vote , which is being held tomorrow .
but he was filmed discussing how he persuaded mr delingpole , a newspaper columnist , to also throw his hat into the ring .
speaking to a greenpeace activist posing as a wind power opponent last month , mr heaton-harris said : ` there 's a bit of strategy behind what 's going on .
i 'm running the corby by-election for the tories ... and delingpole , who is my constituent , and a very good friend ... put his head above the parapet but wo n't put his deposit down ... it 's just part of the plan .
' in another exchange published by the guardian , he appeared to admit to persuading mr delingpole to consider standing .
` please do n't tell anybody ever .
but he will not be putting his deposit down .
he just did it because it 's a long campaign , it 's six weeks to cause some hassle and get , and get people talking .
' louise mensch triggered tomorrow 's corby by-election when she quit as the mp to move her family to the us .
mr delingpole withdrew from