by .
lillian radulova for daily mail australia .
jennifer hawkins ' bondi apartment is on the market just one month after the former miss universe winner and her husband jake wall , sold their north curl curl mansion .
the two bedroom , two bathroom luxury pad is expected to be fetch at more than $ 1.1 million when it goes up for auction on september 20 .
the apartment comes complete with elevated ocean views and is within walking distance of australia 's most famous beach .
the 30-year-old australian model is expected to make a tidy profit on her bondi investment , paying $ 895,000 for the 92 square metre apartment back in 2007 .
scroll down for video .
jennifer hawkins ' apartment at 23/7 henderson street at bondi in sydney is on the market .
the 30-year-old australian model first bought the 92 square metre apartment back in 2007 for $ 895,000 .
the luxury pad is expected to be snatched up for over $ 1.1 million when it goes up for auction on september 20 .
the apartment features open living spaces including a large balcony overlooking the seaside , polished timber floors and generously sized bedrooms complete with built in wardrobes .
with huge windows that take up the length of the walls , the cosy modern home is filled with natural light while the master bedroom boasts impressive water views .
on june 30 , hawkins and her former builder husband sold their 380 square metre north curl curl home on 18 molong street .
it features two generously sized bedrooms , two bathrooms , polished timber floors and built in wardrobes .
the large balcony , as well as a number of the other rooms , feature amazing views of close by bondi beach .
the apartment is walking distance from the beach and only six kilometres from sydney 's cbd .
huge windows that take up the length of the walls mean the cosy home has plenty of natural lighting .
the mansion , complete with a home theatre , four bedrooms and a heated pool , was designed by the .
couple themselves along with renowned architect kiochi takada .
mr takada wrote about working with the couple on his website back in 2012 , adding that it was difficult ` not to be noticeably affected by jennifer 's