by .
john drayton .
caroline wozniacki has thanked fans for their ` sweet messages ' following her split from rory mcilroy and claimed she 'll ` never walk alone ' in reference to her favourite football club liverpool .
the pair 's engagement was called off on wednesday with the major winner and former world no 1 confirming the relationship had ended after he realised he was not ready for marriage .
woznaicki took to twitter on thursday morning to thanks fans for their support following the break up and said : ` it 's a hard time for me right now .
thanks for all the sweet messages !
happy i support liverpool right now because i know i 'll never walk alone .
' video scroll down to watch rory mcilroy speaking on caroline wozniacki earlier this year .
it 's all over !
mcilroy broke off his engagement with wozniacki on wednesday .
thank you : wozniacki thanked her fans for their ` sweet messages ' following her split with mcilroy .
long-term : the 25-year-old had been with his ex-fiancee for more than two years and proposed in december .
support : wozniacki is a big liverpool supporter and claimed she 'll ` never walk alone ' mcilroy , .
who made the announcement publicly after speaking to wozniacki , said on .
wednesday : ` there is no right way to end a relationship that has been so .
important to two people .
` the problem is mine , ' he said .
` the wedding invitations issued at the weekend made me realise that i was n't ready for all that marriage entails .
' i .
wish caroline all the happiness she deserves and thank her for the .
great times we 've had .
i will not be saying anything more about our .
relationship in any setting .
' the .
golden couple of sport enjoyed a short-lived engagement after .
announcing to their million plus twitter followers last new year 's eve .
that they were to marry .
at the time the pair posted matching pictures of themselves with a ring .
it .
is understood the couple - dubbed wozzilroy in some circles after a .
golf wedge was engraved with the moniker - had been an item for more .
than two years .
it