by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
10:34 est , 26 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:51 est , 26 december 2013 .
christmas is just like any other day for firefighters across the country , who had to work through the holiday to save lives .
and it was a good thing orange county , california firefighters were on duty yesterday .
the station got an unusual call around 4pm when a 3-year-old became trapped after accidentally lodging her head between the bars of a gate at a mcdonald 's restaurant .
scroll down for video .
christmas day rescue : firefighters in buena vista , california freed a 3-year-old from a gate at a mcdonald 's restaurant .
a picture taken at the buena vista fast food restaurant shows firefighters using the jaws of life tool , usually used in car accidents , to pry open the bars and free the girl 's neck .
safely unstuck , the girl was given a sticker badge and a stuffed animal by a firefighter .
apparently mcdonald 's restaurants are rife with all sorts of unexpected safety hazards .
a .
man eating at a mcdonald 's in cork , ireland last may found himself in a .
similar situation when he was pictured stuck in one of the restaurant 's .
high chairs .
the image , taken by a fellow diner , quickly became an internet hit after it was posted online .
the man was pictured surrounded by three police officers after becoming stuck in the high chair in cork .
more than 4,500 people have seen the picture on imgur and it has attracted hundreds of comments .
the picture was taken last may after the man , who has not been identified , popped in for a bite to eat .
he chose the child 's high chair , rather than numerous adult-sized seats that were vacant at the time .
police were then called when he realized he could not free himself from the chair .
according to the person who took the picture , the man had drunk some alcohol before squeezing himself in to the seat .
he was released without charge after being freed .
a mcdonald 's spokesperson , who was quoted in the metro , said : ` mcdonald 's is aware of the