by .
zoe szathmary .
a former football player is fighting for his life in hospital today after witnesses revealed that he was ` sucker-punched ' by an unknown attacker before a former teammate allegedly kicked him in the head ` like a soccer ball ' .
isaac kolstad , a 24-year-old former linebacker at minnesota state-mankato , had surgery to relieve swelling in his skull at mayo clinic health system in mankato .
it is yet unclear if he has suffered permanent brain damage .
rutgers university quarterback philip robert nelson , who once played at the university of minnesota , was charged today with one count of first-degree assault and one count of third-degree assault .
scroll down for video .
attack : isaac kolstad , pictured with his wife molly , was a former linebacker celebrating his graduation on saturday night with friends before the alleged assault took place .
rutgers quarterback philip nelson allegedly assaulted a former teammate from the university of minnesota on saturday .
isaac kolstad , 24 , pictured on the football field last year .
he is fighting for his life in hospital today after being attacked by two men on saturday night .
nelson allegedly kicked mr kolstad in the head early on sunday as bars were closing in mankato.the kick came he had been punched and knocked to the ground by another man , who remains at-large .
kolstad is a former linebacker at minnesota state , mankato .
he is in critical condition .
according to the criminal complaint , doctors are not sure he will survive .
police released surveillance video of events surrounding the altercation and they are asking for the public 's help .
graduate student steph stassen , 25 , told the star tribune that a man in a black shirt came ` out of nowhere ' and punched mr kolstad in the head after he had left a bar in the early hours of sunday .
she said : ` he -lsb- kolstad -rsb- was knocked out on his feet .
he fell straight back and smoked his head on the pavement .
' she added that the sound of mr kolstad hitting the concrete was so loud because he did n't catch himself .
nelson , 20 , was arrested ` on suspicion of third-degree assault and underage consumption of alcohol ' in