the pakistani schoolgirl shot in the head by the taliban and treated in birmingham walked out of hospital today - three months after she was gunned down at point blank range for standing up for women 's rights .
looking frail but firm on her feet , malala yousafzai , 15 , hugged and waved goodbye to staff at the queen elizabeth hospital where she has undergone months of life-saving surgery to remove the assassin 's bullet from her brain .
she will continue her rehabilitation .
at the family 's temporary home in the west midlands before undergoing .
major reconstructive surgery in a few weeks .
malala 's bravery has moved the world in the months since she was targeted by the taliban in pakistan for heroically speaking out for women 's rights and freedom of access to .
education in the country .
scroll down for video .
triumph : looking frail but firm on her feet , malala yousafzai , 15 , waved goodbye to staff at the queen elizabeth hospital as she left to rejoin her family .
hugs : in emotional scenes , malala hugged staff that have cared for her over the past three months .
in october last year a taliban hitman burst onto her school bus in swat , northern pakistan , and shot her at point-blank range .
the bullet entered just above her left eye and ran along her jaw , .
` grazing ' her brain .
it was later removed by surgeons in pakistan .
before she was flown to the uk for specialist treatment at birmingham 's queen elizabeth hospital .
the taliban have vowed to target her again .
farewell : malala 's bravery has moved the world in the months since she was targeted by the taliban in pakistan for heroically speaking out for women 's rights and freedom of access to education in the country .
medics said that malala will be re-admitted later this month or early february to undergo reconstructive surgery on her skull .
she will visit the hospital every week to attend out-patient clinical appointments where doctors will assess her progress .
medical .
director dr dave rosser said : ` malala is a strong young woman and has .
worked hard with the people caring for her to make excellent progress in .
her recovery .
` following