a married pennsylvania high school teacher has been arrested for having sexual relations with a male student .
the arrest came after the alleged victim 's parents found a sexually explicit conversation on a laptop between 31-year-old lauren harrington-cooper and the boy .
the parents went to wyoming valley west high school and informed the principal of the material thursday and harrington-cooper , of plymouth , was arraigned that night on a single count of institutional sexual assault .
court date : harrington-cooper was surrounded by reporters as she entered the court after her first arrest in december .
according to the times-leader , harrington-cooper , a ninth-grade english teacher at the school , told the victim 's sister she thought he was ` hot .
' the boy obtained harrington-cooper 's phone number from his sister and the pair exchanged text messages .
they agreed to meet up and harrington-cooper picked the boy up near his home several times during which they had sex and harrington-cooper performed oral sex on the boy in the car .
the alleged incidents occurred beginning december 13 .
controversy : lauren harrington-cooper -lrb- pictured with her husband -rrb- is a married high school teacher .
dancer : harrington-cooper 's husband runs a dance academy and she would at times teach there -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
according to the times-leader , harrington-cooper admitted having sexual relations with the boy , whom she knew was a high school senior to investigators .
harrington-cooper is married to raphael cooper , owner of cooper dance academy .
on december 19 , he told the school 's students and their parents that classes were cancelled due to ' a family emergency ' via facebook .
later that evening , he wrote : ` after the holiday , i , raphael cooper will address all of the members of our studio as to our future .
please keep everyone in our family in your prayers as we confront the days ahead .
' local high school : harrington-cooper teaches english at wyoming valley west high school .
according to the times-leader , harrington-cooper has been placed under medical supervision after attempting to harm herself .
she was released on $ 25,000 bail and advised by district judge martin kane that if she does not attend her preliminary hearing on december 26 , she will be incarcerated .
according to