by .
jack gaughan .
follow @@ jack_gaughan .
jose riga has been handed a route straight back into management by blackpool as the club officially announced a deal for the belgian to become their new boss .
the 56-year-old left charlton athletic at the end of last season after just two months in charge and has succeeded paul ince at bloomfield road .
riga held talks with the seasiders a fortnight ago and chairman karl oyston was impressed enough to offer him the job following months of stagnation without a permanent manager .
riga has agreed a one-year rolling contract .
done deal : jose riga is the new blackpool manager and agreed a one-year rolling contract .
all smiles : the former charlton athletic manager was heralded as a huge success while at the valley .
riga was heralded for keeping the addicks in the championship during his brief spell in charge at the valley and has further coaching experience with standard liege and ac milan .
former leeds boss brian mcdermott was also interviewed for the post , while blackpool performed a u-turn in appointing brian flynn , as revealed by sportsmail .
the job does represent a massive task for riga , but he is excited at the blank canvas in front of him on the fylde coast .
' i had a good discussion with the chairman and we found an agreement .
i 'm ready for the big challenge , ' riga said .
` with the support of the chairman and certainly the support of the fans - who really must be our 12th man - i 'm sure we can succeed .
' under caretaker manager barry ferguson the north west side narrowly avoided relegation down into league one in the final weeks of last season and have only six contracted players on their books .
riga is believed to have already drawn up a lengthy list of potential new players as the club look to press ahead before the start of pre-season next month .
gone : riga arrives at bloomfield road to succeed paul ince , who was sacked by the club back in january .
u-turn : blackpool were set to appoint doncaster director of football brian flynn as their new manager .