stuart armstrong admits taking receipt of his first scottish premiership league winners ' medal would help finalise the process of feeling like a celtic player .
for the young midfielder , a parkhead title party next month would also help make up for the hurt he suffered at the very same venue 12 months previously .
last may , at the culmination of an exciting season on tayside , armstrong and his young dundee united team-mates harboured high hopes of becoming just the third team in tannadice history to lift the scottish cup .
celtic 's stuart armstrong -lrb- right -rrb- is hoping to get his hands on the scottish premiership title .
armstrong completed a move from dundee united to celtic during the january transfer window .
following a 2-0 defeat in the final against st johnstone , however , the 23-year-old was left crestfallen as he watched the perth side celebrate their own slice of history on the parkhead turf .
a year on and he is part of a celtic side rapidly closing in on a title that even derek mcinnes , manager of closest challengers aberdeen , admits is essentially over .
while insisting nobody at celtic is taking league glory for granted , armstrong -- who joined celtic on transfer deadline day - admits that a title party in the east end of glasgow next month would represent a green day to banish the blues that still hang over his head from a year ago .
` last year 's scottish cup final at celtic park was a disappointing end to a very enjoyable season , ' armstrong recalled ahead of his side 's lunchtime clash at inverness .
` we had the joy of winning the scottish cup semi-final against rangers at ibrox so to then go on and lose in the final to st johnstone was very difficult to take .
it 's not something you can change , though , so you have to just live with that disappointment .
` but winning the title would be nice this year .
a bit of success would certainly lighten the disappointment of that cup final .
` and there 's a nice little gap building now at the top of the table .
for a while aberdeen were threatening us closely but we have managed to extend the gap and we still have