the family of the man who police say shot himself in the back while under arrest are asking for a new investigation into his death , following the release of a coroner 's report which found the bullet actually entered through the front of his body .
louisiana state police said in a march release that they arrested 23-year-old victor white after he got into an alleged fight and he was found in possession of drugs .
white was transported to the sheriff 's office in a police car , and his hands were handcuffed behind him , police said .
while handcuffed , white fired a bullet into his own back and later died , police said .
speaking out : benjamin crump speaks at a podium in a monday news conference .
victor white 's parents , vanessa and the rev. victor white sr. , are seen to his right standing behind .
was it something else ?
victor white , who police claim shot himself , is seen in this file photo .
` once at the sheriff 's office , white became uncooperative and refused to exit the deputy 's patrol vehicle , ' the release said .
` as the deputy requested assistance from other deputies , white produced a handgun and fired one round striking himself in the back .
' the coroner 's report , however , cited a gunshot wound to the chest , the times-picayune reported .
at a monday press conference , benjamin crump , the attorney for white 's family , said ` we think the justice department has to do an independent investigation .
we can not rely on the state police here in louisiana who work so closely with the new iberia sheriff 's department , ' the newspaper reported .
` how is it than -lsb- police -rsb- can find these soft packages -lsb- of drugs on him -rsb- but they ca n't find a hard gun ?
' crump also reportedly said .
mystery : attorney benjamin crump said the claim that victor white shot himself ` just continues to defy all logic ' wdsu reported that crump also said , ' -lsb- white -rsb- has to somehow get his arms over his head , shoot himself in the chest , from right to the left - even though he 's left handed , so