click here to read mark wilson 's full match report .
stefan johansen admitted celtic will be europa league no-hopers if they do n't fix the glaring defensive flaws in last night 's 4-3 defeat from dinamo zagreb .
ronny deila 's side completed their group d campaign with an often shambolic showing in the dead rubber in croatia .
errors from adam matthews helped marko pjaca bag a hat-trick , while domagoj antolic was also on target for dinamo .
celtic responded with goals from kris commons and stefan scepovic , plus an own goal from josip pivaric .
stefan johansen trudges off after celtic lose 4-3 to dinamo zagreb in their final europa league group game .
the hoops will have to improve after a shambolic defensive performance in croatia .
the draw for the last 32 takes place on monday but johansen insisted celtic will have to show vast improvement to have any chance against a superior standard of opponent .
` it 's not good enough , ' said the norwegian midfielder .
` at least we 're through .
but we need to do much better than this if we 're going to go through the next round .
it was n't our best game and while i 'm happy we 're through we must be much better in the knockout stage .
` i do n't think the performance had anything to do with the fact we were already through .
we all looked sharp before the game and we just should n't concede four goals in the manner we did .
` i ca n't put my finger on why it happened .
we wanted to go out and win the game .
we said before the match it was important because of the co-efficient and to ensure we 're seeded in next season 's champions league play-off .
dinamo zagreb 's marko pjaca wheels away after completing an impressive hat-trick .
kris commons -lrb- left -rrb- levelled the scores in the first half before the scottish champions fell apart .
` we must make sure we are better next time and develop as a team and as players so we are prepared for the next round in february .
` i ca n't imagine what a team would do to us in the next round if we played like that .
dinamo