by .
suzannah hills .
published : .
11:03 est , 3 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:19 est , 3 june 2013 .
scotland yard is reviewing proposed changes to the law which would increase the number of ethnic minority officers joining the police force .
under the proposals , which scotland yard is discussing with the government , the met would have to recruit an ethnic minority officer for every white constable they hire .
met chiefs believe the move is necessary to make the police force , which is currently a ` white , male-dominated ' organisation , more representative of the community it serves .
proposed positive discrimination : scotland yard is in discussion with the government over proposed changes to the law which could help increase the number of ethnic minorities on the met police force .
just 10 per cent of the met 's 32,000 officers are from ethnic minority backgrounds compared to 40 per cent of london 's overall population .
scotland yard is now considering a system similar to that used in northern ireland where one catholic officer was recruited for every protestant officer to bring proportional representation to the force .
a met spokesman said : ` the mps is considering a range of positive action options as permitted under the equality act to help attract applications in our forthcoming recruitment process for approximately 5,000 new officers , which will enable our workforce to be more representative of the communities it serves .
` we know from the 2011 census that london is more diverse than ever and that our workforce does not reflect that diversity as we would like it to , despite significant progress in recent years .
time for change : assistant commissioner simon byrne said the met police service needs to overcome its history of being a white , male-dominated organisation .
` options under consideration include .
access to coaching by established officers , the provisions of additional .
training prior to candidates attending assessment centres , changes to .
the application and selection processes and bursaries for ckp students .
` no final decisions on these options have been yet been taken .
' other police forces and organisations have used positive discrimination to make their membership more representative of the wider community .
the 50-50 recruitment rule for the police service