by .
dan bloom .
a tonne of heroin worth almost # 160million has been found hidden inside sacks of cement on a tiny sailing boat in the indian ocean .
the crew of an australian warship intercepted the dhow 27 nautical miles east of the kenyan port city of mombasa and discovered the drugs stowed in 46 separate bags .
the seizure is largest ever in the history of the combined maritime forces , a joint operation between 30 countries to combat piracy , militancy and smuggling in the waters east of africa .
haul : more than a tonne of heroin worth # 160million has been seized from a small boat in the indian ocean .
dramatic : the moment crews approached the dhow , which was filled with sacks of cement as cover .
the frigate hmas darwin intercepted .
the vessel on wednesday night and confiscated 1,023 kg of heroin , according to australia 's defence department .
the drugs were destroyed , the online statement said .
` this is a major heroin seizure , which has removed a major source of funding from terrorist criminal networks , ' said the ship 's commanding officer commander terry morrison .
the coup came as part of the joint .
operation 's bid to preserve order in a huge region spanning the red sea , .
gulf of aden , arabian gulf , arabian sea , indian ocean and the gulf of .
oman .
the area includes the waters off .
somalia 's horn of africa , which have been blighted by piracy including .
several high-profile hijackings of british yachts .
coup : the bales of heroin are lifted onboard hmas darwin on wednesday .
kenyan defence spokesman bogita ongeri told nigeria 's saturday nation that the haul was not seized within kenya 's territorial waters .
' i can authoritatively say that the seizure of such heroin never happened within our exclusive economic zone , ' he said .
` we are doing daily surveillance within our territorial waters and we have not received such a report .
' news agencies described the vessel as a dhow , a traditional african and middle eastern sailing boat , although no sails were erected when it was photographed by the australian navy .
there has been a surge in the volumes of heroin trafficked through eastern