photographer daniel sullivan endured a blistering 220-mile hike to document hawaii 's ancient king 's highway , a landmark withering away with time that he hopes to immortalise with his remarkable images .
sullivan , 39 , walked the once popular coastal route in maui during the summer of 2013 and is currently running a kickstarter campaign to fund a book of 100 pictures of the trail entitled the maui coast - legacy of the king 's highway .
he crossed sheer cliffs , battled white water and dense jungle to uncover the amazing island scenery of the king 's highway , which was built over 500 years ago by king pi'ilani who ruled the island during the 16th century .
scroll down for video .
turtles make their way across ho`okipa beach , maui , as photographed by daniel sullivan on his journey along the king 's highway .
the hui aloha church in kipahulu stands out like a beacon along the train , the white building among the bright green foliage among them .
the sun spectacularly sets behind a preserved section of the king 's highway , a road of jagged stone built by king pi'ilani in the 16th century .
` i 've always been interested in hawaiian culture .
and since i moved to maui 10 years ago , i 've been searching for the kings highway , ' said mr sullivan .
` several years ago a hawaiian man by the name of eddie pu'u died .
he was a legend here among the hawaiian 's as he used to walk the king 's highway every year barefoot because of a dream he had once had about having to preserve the aina , or the `` sacred land '' as the hawaiians call it .
` he was the only person i had ever heard of who knew the ancient trail , who had actually hiked it .
the next summer my wife and two children were leaving for a 10-day trip to visit their grandparents in idaho and i decided to walk around the island .
' mr sullivan battled through pain as he woke up at 5am every morning and hiked until the dark of night .
he said : ` physically the hike was a bit of a challenge for me .
by the end i had layers of blisters and