by .
lucy crossley .
and mark duell .
published : .
21:07 est , 7 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
07:52 est , 8 january 2014 .
these foolhardy men ignored warnings to stay clear of the coast during the heavy storms that have battered britain .
one surfer was pictured flying off his board as he tried to take on waves near newquay , cornwall .
and two other daredevils tried to harness the elements using their power kite , which lifted them off the ground above brighton beach in east sussex just feet from dangerous breaking waves .
scroll down for video .
over he goes : a surfer in newquay , cornwall , tries to take advantage of .
the severe weather but leaves the end of a wave flying through the air .
upside down : the surfer falls off their board near newquay , cornwall .
waves of up to 27ft were recorded at land 's end .
right way up : a surfer takes advantage of the waves at newquay , cornwall .
large parts of britain remain at risk of further flooding as more heavy rain is forecast .
undeterred by the huge waves , the men .
took turns to perform acrobatics on their stunt kite as they filmed .
their exploits on mobile phones .
both of the unnamed men wore harnesses connecting them to the huge kite as they frolicked on the otherwise deserted shoreline .
one of the pair came perilously close to falling into the chilly english channel when a gust of wind blew him towards the water .
members .
of the public have been repeatedly warned to stay away from coastal .
areas during the past week as beaches across the country are hit by .
fierce tides and storms .
foolhardy : these teenagers ignored warnings to stay clear of the coast to indulge in some kite jumping on brighton beach .
reckless : the two young men tried to harness the elements using their power kite , which lifted them off the ground above the shoreline .
stunts : undeterred by the huge waves , the young men took turns to perform acrobatics on their stunt kite as they filmed their exploits on mobile phones .
flying high : both wore harnesses connecting them to the huge kite as they