when convicted killer michael ibrahim got shot in the shoulder after bullets were fired at him in macquarie street in sydney 's cbd on sunday night , it was just another chapter in his family 's colourful history .
originally from a poor immigrant lebanese background they are a family whose fame and notoriety precedes them in sydney .
before the shooting took place at around 10.30 pm on sunday night michael ibrahim had already been in the news .
scroll down for video .
-lrb- from left to right -rrb- brothers sam , michael and john ibrahim enjoy a night out on the town together .
a bullet was removed from this tree as police investigate the shooting of michael ibrahim outside his sydney city residence on monday .
john ibrahim 's life is apparently now the basis for a new $ 15 million tv series .
family members outside at st vincent 's hospital on monday after visiting shooting victim michael ibrahim .
police are hunting for a gunman after michael ibrahim was shot while standing on a footpath just metres from nsw parliament house on sunday night .
a crime scene remained on monday outside michaels ibrahim 's luxury macquarie street home where he has lived since he left prison in august 2014 .
at 36 years old he is the youngest of the family and was jailed for the killing of robin nassour in 2006 , but released on parole in august last year .
he was released after serving more than seven-and-a-half years for his role in the fatal stabbing .
at his august 2014 parole hearing michael ibrahim vowed to move on with his life .
he told the board he would n't break the law if released from jail and would abide by the ` most stringent ' parole conditions .
being behind bars while his mother was treated for cancer was a ` wake up call ' , he told the parole board .
he was granted parole , reportedly subject to a range of strict conditions , including electronic monitoring and keeping away from kings cross and other parts of sydney .
but he 'd been trouble with the law before .
in 2012 he was acquitted of conspiring to murder nightclub owner john macris , who he believed was responsible for gunning down his brother , fadi ibrahim .
fadi