by .
james rush for mailonline .
and associated press .
prosecutors have said osama bin laden 's son-in-law should be sentenced to life in prison for his role as al-qaida 's spokesman after 9/11 , when he made ` bone-chilling threats ' against america .
the us government has said a life sentence for sulaiman abu ghaith , who was convicted in march of charges that included conspiracy to kill americans and providing support to al-qaida , would send out an important deterrent to would-be terrorists .
prosecutors , who described abu ghaith 's words as ` inciting , murderous and hateful ' , said : ` terrorism is a crime with high recidivism rates and rehabilitation is notoriously difficult .
' scroll down for video .
prosecutors have said sulaiman abu ghaith , osama bin laden 's son-in-law , should be sentenced to life in prison for his role as al-qaida 's spokesman after 9/11 , when he made ` bone-chilling threats ' against america .
papers have been filed in the us district court in manhattan a month before abu ghaith was due to be sentenced on september 23 .
earlier this month , abu ghaith 's defense lawyer stanley cohen told judge lewis a. kaplan that 15 years in prison was a sufficient sentence .
abu ghaith , a kuwaiti-born imam , married bin laden 's eldest daughter roughly five years ago .
he is the highest-ranking al-qaida figure brought to trial on u.s. soil since the 2001 attacks .
according to the papers filed by prosecutors , abu ghaith ` proudly sat at bin laden 's right hand ' following the 9/11 attacks , repeatedly participating in al-qaida recruitment videos .
in their papers , prosecutors wrote : ` abu ghayth repeatedly made unambiguous and bone-chilling threats that al qaeda would continue to conduct terrorist attacks using airplanes .
` simply put , the defendant eagerly supported al qaeda and its mass murder of americans , ' they said .
frames of a video made september 12 , 2001 -lrb- pictured -rrb- were shared in court showing abu ghaith seated next to bin laden and two other top al-qaida leaders as they tried to justify the attacks .
` the significance of abu ghayth 's spoken words is unmistakable .
inspirational and charismatic speakers like abu ghayth allow al qaeda to refill its ranks of