caroline reed robertson , just 19 years old , looked calmly at the police officer who had just asked where the neighbour she had idolised for years was , and answered matter of factly that she was dead .
` are you sure , ' the policeman asked ?
` yes , i 've buried her , ' roberson replied .
the chilling confession in one of australia 's darkest murders is contained in a police interview with robertson , who obsessively stalked 15-year-old rachel barber for four years before killing her in a bizarre attempt to steal her life .
scroll down for video .
exclusive footage of a police interview of a 19-year-old caroline reed robertson , shows an unresponsive and evasive teen who refused to give any more information .
robertson had previously told superintendent neil paterson that her former neighbour rachel barber , was dead and had been buried as police searched for the missing 15-year-old in 1999 .
victoria police superintendent neil paterson recalled the moment he received a clear and unemotional confession from robertson , who drugged barber before strangling her with a phone cord in her home in the melbourne suburb of prahran in 1999 .
' i asked her where rachel was and she responded to me that rachel was dead .
and that surprised me .
i said , `` you sure she 's dead ?
'' and she said `` yes , i 've buried her '' , ' superintendent paterson told channel nine 's inside story .
' i said `` listen are you sure that she 's dead ?
is there no way we can help her ?
'' she told me that she 'd buried rachel on a family country property near where she 'd buried other pets ' .
the program will air tonight at 8.30 on channel nine .
what emerged from the police investigation into barber death was an incredible and tragic tale of obsession , resentment and murder .
from the age of 14 , robertson watched barber and came to be jealous of what she saw as her neighbour 's perfect life compared to hers .
barber was an avid dance student , outgoing , well-liked ; robertson was overweight , depressive and had few friends .
robertson worked her way into barber 's life , using her own younger sister ,