mothers invited to a conference on breastfeeding were told by the government it was ` not appropriate ' to breastfeed at the event .
the summit on nursing babies entitled ` shifting the curve - sharing the challenge ' was scheduled to take place at edinburgh 's murrayfield stadium next month .
the scottish government invited dozens of volunteers and nhs workers to the event .
but mothers who asked to bring babies to the conference were told by officials the venue ` is not designed to accommodate breastfeeding ' .
dr lesley taylor , pictured with son tristan , 14 months , said she was ` shocked ' by the government 's decision .
dr taylor , with tristan and cameron , four , also runs supporting public breastfeeding in scotland .
she said the government was being hypocritical in excluding mothers from breastfeeding at an event promoting it .
elise stirling -lrb- pictured -rrb- , who runs parenting consultancy bond , baby !
, said she was sent an email by organisers informing her it was ` not appropriate ' to breastfeed at the event .
elise stirling , pictured right with her seven-month-old daughter tabitha , said the decision to exclude mothers from the summit was ` preposterous ' mothers were told in an email the conference on breastfeeding was ` not designed to accommodate mothers who are still breastfeeding ' elise stirling , who runs parenting consultancy bond , baby !
, said she was sent an email by organisers informing her it was ` not appropriate ' to breastfeed at the event , after she told them of her dietary requirements because she was breastfeeding .
ms stirling , who lives in falkirk , told mailonline : ` their reason for turning us away was very flaky , they made it all about the babies , implying that despite breastfeeding my baby on demand -lrb- the very thing they are meant to be encouraging -rrb- that i would still be welcome without my baby .
' i replied that this was still discriminatory -lrb- and illegal , if they followed through on it -rrb- and the next reply i got was a group email to multiple respondents saying that they had updated the arrangements and it was now suitable .
` the point is , though , that nursing mothers do n't need extra facilities