by .
hugo gye .
published : .
07:03 est , 4 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:38 est , 4 july 2013 .
` negligent ' : inayat inayatullah told a patient apparently suffering from bowel cancer to eat mangoes .
a scandal-hit gp told a patient displaying signs of bowel cancer that he should just eat some mangoes , a hearing has heard .
the patient was really an undercover reporter investigating dr inayat inayatullah , who had been allowed back to work despite failing to spot the symptoms of a cancer patient who later died .
the reporter was working on a dispatches documentary aired by channel 4 which aimed to expose wrongdoing by doctors who had previously been disciplined .
inayatullah is now facing a fitness to practice hearing at the medical practitioners tribunal service in manchester , where he is accused of failing in his duty to two undercover ` patients ' , as well as writing a prescription while suspended .
the dispatches programme , broadcast in 2011 , appeared to show the doctor telling a journalist who was presenting standard symptoms of bowel cancer , ` get yourself some mangoes .
' the reporter , referred to as ` ac ' , visited inayatullah at his east london surgery complaining of stomach pain , constipation and passing blood .
the doctor spent much of the consultation talking on the phone before sending the patient away with laxatives .
when he returned for a second consultation a month later with the same symptoms , he was simply given stronger constipation medication .
` this man 's complaint was constipation , ' inayatullah told the tribunal yesterday .
` when asked him to sit down , how i can help , he directly said to me constipation .
` he put emphasis from the start to the end that he had constipation .
if he did n't say it was constipation , i would look at it .
' in 2006 , the gp was put under strict conditions after it emerged that he told a young mother suffering from cancer that she just had swollen glands .
linda geden went to see inayatullah in 2002 with a lump on her neck , but he only gave her paracetamol and later accused her of wasting his time when she returned .
she