by .
becky barrow and dan hyde .
published : .
08:34 est , 5 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
03:16 est , 6 september 2012 .
the staggering extent to which high street bank staff chasing bonuses and commission are routinely ripping off customers was laid bare in a scathing report yesterday .
at the same time , the daily mail can reveal that 40 per cent of staff at lloyds banking group earn extra payments if customers are persuaded to buy additional financial products .
they get bonuses if they can entice millions of loyal account holders to fork out for costly insurance policies or ` premium ' current accounts which charge a monthly fee .
probe : lloyds banking group is facing further investigation and a possible penalty following an fsa investigation into ` dysfunctional ' incentive schemes in the banking sector .
separately , in a report by the .
financial services authority regulator , published yesterday , account .
holders were said to be viewed only as ` sales targets ' exploited by .
` pile it high and sell it quick ' tactics that verge on the criminal .
banks were told to clean up their act or face a major clampdown .
the fsa 's report into the incentive payments has brought another day of shame for britain 's financial industry .
it revealed that one firm has been .
referred to its enforcement and financial crime division .
sources named .
the bank as lloyds , which is 41 per cent owned by the taxpayer .
anrgy : fsa boss martin wheatley says : ` financial institutions have changed their view of consumers from someone to serve to someone to sell to ' ruthless salesmen were said to be so .
desperate to meet sales targets that they even sell to family members .
such as their elderly mothers or sisters .
others were found guilty of colluding .
to ` intentionally overcharge ' a customer to trigger a bonus payout .
the .
report said that some firms pay a ` super bonus ' of up to # 10,000 to the .
first 21 workers who meet a sales target .
in other cases , staff are not paid a .
basic salary , which means their own financial survival depends on their .
ability to sell ,