alastair cook still has the full support of his coach , team-mates and selectors and is unbeaten in four tests .
but his hopes of remaining england captain in the ashes this summer hinge on what is going on back home .
the opinions of ecb chairman-elect colin graves , new chief executive tom harrison and the man they eventually make director of cricket matter far more than what anyone in the caribbean thinks .
the three half-centuries cook made in his last four test innings of last summer count for little now as his battle to prove he remains the best man for the job nears crunch time .
england captain alastair cook is not concerned about his failure to hit a test hundred since may 2013 .
cook remains england 's leading century maker despite his recent failure to score a test century .
cook -lrb- right , pictured with gary ballance -rrb- and his team-mates are preparing for england 's second test .
the second test that starts here is not exactly make or break for cook but he needs runs and a victory as much as at any time in a career that has seen him score more test centuries than any other englishman .
the decision of graves and harrison to sack paul downton as managing director and announce that they are looking for a new ` supremo ' to replace him has placed cook and peter moores under more pressure than ever .
by definition , the new powers at the ecb can not have been happy about the big decisions downton made in a traumatic 14 months and few were bigger than the move to bring back moores as coach and the continued backing of cook .
england could not have done much more to force victory in antigua on a pitch deader than monty python 's parrot but their failure to beat west indies has made the remaining two tests vital .
cook was both proactive and imaginative for much of that first test but he is a captain who leads mainly by example and simply has to break a run that now sees him without a test century for 33 innings .
the statistics certainly make grim reading for cook .
in 21 of those 33 innings he has not passed 25 and his test average of 45.65 is lower than