this security footage could be the last known recording of virgin killer elliot rodger , just hours before he went on his bloody gun rampage .
a figure wearing a t-shirt , shorts and a baseball cap walks up to the door of giovanni 's pizza restaurant in isla vista , lingers around outside , talking on the phone for a few seconds and then walks off .
waitress ally kubie was working in the restaurant at the time and she is convinced she came face to face with the mass murderer on the morning of the massacre .
scroll down for video .
this security footage could be the last known recording of virgin killer elliot rodger , just hours before he went on his bloody gun rampage .
a figure wearing a t-shirt , shorts and a baseball cap walks up to the door of giovanni 's pizza restaurant in isla vista , lingers around outside , talking on the phone for a few seconds and then walks off .
she saw the man approach the restaurant and assumed he was going to walk in and order .
when he stopped short , she asked him if he needed any help , but he apparently just stared at her intensely and gave her a ` creepy smile ' .
ally , 20 , was so freaked out by the incident that she walked into the back of the restaurant and to her relief the man was gone by the time she came back .
she put the encounter out of her mind until later that night when a friend sent her rodger 's sinister youtube confession , in which he describes his , ` day of retribution .
' by that stage six people were dead and 13 injured .
the moment ally watched the footage , she immediately recognized rodger as the man she had come face to face with that morning .
speaking to mailonline , ally , originally .
from atlanta georgia , said : ' i am sure it was him .
he had that same .
creepy smile and the same facial expressions that the killer pulled in .
the youtube video .
waitress ally kubie , pictured , was working in the restaurant at the time and she is convinced she came face to face with the mass murderer on the morning