teenage stock clerk pedro hernandez was just a name in a file for decades , one of many people police encountered while searching for a 6-year-old boy named etan patz .
thirty-five years later , hernandez is going on trial in a case that shaped the nation 's approach to missing children .
opening statements are set for friday in hernandez 's murder and kidnapping trial .
he emerged as a suspect in 2012 , based on a tip and a videotaped confession that prosecutors say was foreshadowed by remarks he made to friends and relatives in the 1980s .
his defense will hinge on convincing jurors that the confession is false , along with suggesting that the real killer may be a convicted pennsylvania child molester who was a prime suspect for years .
scroll down for video .
justice for etan : pedro hernandez -lrb- left -rrb- , pictured in 2012 , will go on trial friday for the 1979 kidnapping and murder of 6-year-old etan patz -lrb- right -rrb- .
this may 28 , 2012 , file photo shows a newspaper with a photograph of etan patz at a makeshift memorial in the soho neighborhood of new york where patz lived before his disappearance on may 25 , 1979 .
` it will be , i think , an extremely interesting case , ' state supreme court justice maxwell wiley told prospective jurors earlier this month , adding that those chosen would be in for ` an experience they 'll never forget .
' in sifting through evidence that reaches back to 1979 , jurors will delve into a missing child case that helped inject a new protectiveness into american parenting .
last seen walking alone to his school bus stop , etan became one of the first missing children featured on milk cartons .
his parents helped advocate for legislation that created a nationwide law-enforcement framework to address such cases , and the anniversary of his disappearance became national missing children 's day .
the trial is expected to last up to three months and feature witnesses including etan 's mother , psychologists , an inmate informant who knows hernandez , and possibly other informants testifying against the earlier suspect .
selection of the jury to weigh the fate of the former deli worker concluded on thursday before judge maxwell wiley in state supreme court in