the teenager raped by a # 4.5 million lottery winner and benefits cheat yesterday described him as a ` brazen psychopath ' and said she planned to sue him because of the agony he caused her .
the woman -- who was 17 when edward putman raped her twice after breaking into her home -- said she ` would like to see him penniless ' .
putman , now 46 , was sentenced to seven years for the 1991 attack , during which his victim was punched so hard she thought her head would ` cave in ' .
victim : lottery winner edward putman 's victim said for him to be fabulously rich and living it up was the ` worst kind of karma ' after he raped her when she was 17 .
before his conviction , he also tried to intimidate a witness who had seen him in the house into withdrawing their testimony .
he declined publicity when he won his huge sum in september 2009 but his identity was revealed when he was taken to court for claiming benefits despite his huge wealth .
putman 's victim , who had previously been involved with him after being introduced by mutual friends , changed her name and fled to another part of the country to avoid ever coming into contact with him again .
she told the mail : ` he definitely had me in mind when he asked for no publicity -lsb- after the lottery win -rsb- .
` i received # 4,000 from the criminal injuries compensation authority but that did n't make up for what happened .
` it took a year for the case to go to court .
then he made me go through the ordeal of giving evidence .
i had to stand there while he stared at me .
shame : putman , 46 , declined publicity after winning # 4.5 million on the lottery but appeared before st albans magistrates last week accused of benefits fraud .
` he is a brazen psychopath who told everyone what he had done when he went to prison .
there was no remorse , no shame .
` i will absolutely be claiming for compensation and will be consulting lawyers .
i 'd like to see him penniless .
it 's not about the money -- it 's about the principle