ellie harrison was told her long blonde hair was ` too present ' when she joined bbc 's countryfile .
she may be the popular and attractive presenter of countryfile , but ellie harrison 's good looks have not always been synonymous with a smooth path to success .
the 37-year-old revealed that after her first appearance on the bbc show she was told her flowing blonde tresses were ` too present .
' she was asked by producers on the sunday evening show to be more countryside , ` less hollywood ' in her appearance - a statement she believes was related to the long blonde locks that have earned her fame .
it may have come as a shock as the popular presenter grew up in the cotswolds where her father grew the family 's fruit and vegetable and kept chickens and has also worked on conservation projects across the world .
she has recently returned to the cotswolds with her family .
however she said the statement was an example of the problems she has encountered because of her good looks , as well as the different culture in the uk compared to the us - which she said was far more welcoming .
` it is celebratory over there ; they really want you to do well , ' the mother-of-two told countryside magazine .
` it 's like over here they would almost rather you were on the edge of a breakdown .
' scroll down for video .
mrs harrison previously worked for the countryfile discovery channel in america and has spoken about the problem of being viewed first for her looks and regarded as a ` blonde , fluffy thing .
' her long blonde hair has attracted much debate among viewers of countryfile and the presenter herself admits her tresses get much attention .
mrs harrison travelled across the world last year to film a new bbc series called britain 's big wildlife revival .
she added : ' i get asked a lot about my hair .
it 's a subject that always seems to come up .
' the popular presenter joined countryfile in 2011 and won praise for her calm attitude when she met prince charles on the show last year .
ellie harrison first became interested in wildlife and conservation while studying geography at king 's college university