criticism : professor richard tol demanded his name be removed from a climate change report , accusing the un of being too alarmist .
a climate scientist has accused the united nations of being too alarmist over global warming -- and demanded his name be removed from a crucial new report .
professor richard tol , an economist at the university of sussex , said fellow un academics were exaggerating climate change and comparing it to the ` apocalypse ' .
his comments are a blow to the un intergovernmental panel on climate change -lrb- ipcc -rrb- , which on monday will publish its first update in seven years on the impacts of climate change .
previous ipcc reports on climate .
impact have been plagued by errors that damaged the body 's credibility .
most famously , it said in 2007 that glaciers in the himalayas could .
disappear by 2035 , a claim it has since withdrawn .
scientists .
are meeting in japan this week to agree the wording of the final .
document , which will be used to inform policy decisions of governments .
around the world .
leaked .
drafts of the report predict that by the end of the century man-made .
global warming will have done serious harm to the global economy , .
displaced hundreds of millions of people and created violent conflict .
chapters on flooding , water supply and agriculture estimate huge .
impacts .
prof .
tol , the lead co-ordinating author of the report 's chapter on .
economics , was involved in drafting the summary for policymakers -- the .
key document that goes to governments and scientists .
but he has now .
asked for his name to be removed from the document .
he .
said : ` the message in the first draft was that through adaptation and .
clever development these were manageable risks , but it did require we .
get our act together .
` this .
has completely disappeared from the draft now , which is all about the .
impacts of climate change and the four horsemen of the apocalypse .
this .
is a missed opportunity .
' professor .
tol told the bbc : ` you have a very silly statement in the draft summary .
that says that people who live in war-torn countries are