a passenger who went overboard during a luxury cruise was rescued by a passing disney liner .
the 22-year-old , who had been a guest on royal caribbean ship oasis of the seas , was only spotted in the water by the eagle-eyed passengers and crew of the disney magic vessel as it passed by later in the day .
the incident happened on thursday morning as the magic was approaching cozumel off the coast of mexico .
scroll down for video .
the passenger can be seen on the far left of the picture as the rescue vessel approaches .
in a statement , royal caribbean said the ` 22-year-old male guest from oasis of the seas -lrb- pictured -rrb- went overboard near cozumel , mexico .
it is not yet known how the passenger came to be in the water .
however , the incident is raising questions over whether cruise ships have the proper technology to detect when someone goes overboard .
disney has credited a combination of passengers and crew from the magic with spotting the man in the water , lowering a lifeboat , and getting him aboard the magic .
the man was immediately transported to shore for treatment .
in a statement , royal caribbean said the ` 22-year-old male guest from oasis of the seas went overboard near cozumel , mexico .
` he was spotted by a crew member from another cruise ship , and picked up .
we are grateful for the other ship 's assistance .
' royal caribbean spokeswoman cynthia martinez said the cruise line has not yet provided additional comment , beyond its statement .
scott sanders , founder of the disney cruise line blog , said such a rescue at sea by the magic crew is unusual .
the rescue mission was launched by disney magic after passengers and crew spotted someone bobbing in the water .
` it 's pretty darn fortunate that they were sailing in the vicinity , ' said sanders , whose blog is not affiliated with disney .
jim walker , a maritime attorney who reported on the incident on his cruise law news website , said the case points out the need for cruise ships to have better monitoring systems for detecting when someone falls off or jumps from a ship .
he said systems he would support include motion