by .
harriet hernando .
actress julie walters makes a shocking discovery about one of her ancestors when she discovers that her great-grandfather attacked a man with a knife - and was accused of murder .
in the new bbc1 show who do you think you are , where celebrities trace their ancestry and discover secrets from their past , ms walters , 64 , learns relative anthony clarke was charged in 1884 after drunkenly attacking the man .
birmingham born ms walters said : ' i will have to write a script about him .
what a life he has had .
' actress julie walters is shocked to discover her family 's violent past on bbc1 show who do you think you are .
clarke , from islandeady , county mayo in ireland , was charged with murder when the man -- a 75-year-old called james joyce - died a few days later .
but it was downgraded to common assault when it emerged he 'd died of natural causes and was not seriously injured in the attack .
the harry potter star was initially .
proud after finding out her irish great-grandfather founded the land .
league to protect farmers being thrown off their land when faced with .
debt and starvation in the 19th century .
the land league eventually won tenant farmers the right to buy land and by 1917 , most had their own plots .
but clarke died in 1918 without having benefited from the reforms he fought for because he did not have any land to his name .
ms walters , who also starred in calendar girls , said : ` he still did n't get his land after all that .
it is awful being an activist for all those years , he still never got to own his land .
he put his neck on the line .
` an active friend of democracy , i am so proud of him .
he was brave and there at the very beginning of the movement that changed the land laws in ireland .
actress julie walters , pictured here with helen mirren -lrb- left -rrb- in the 2003 comedy calendar girls , also learned that another relative stole land from farmers in the bbc1 tv show who do you think you are .
` one of the great sadnesses of