by .
ian drury .
published : .
12:24 est , 17 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:36 est , 18 may 2013 .
a british hostage was executed by islamist kidnappers moments after uk special forces launched a rescue mission in nigeria , an inquest heard .
construction worker chris mcmanus , 28 , was shot six times as he sought refuge in a toilet while the special boat service joined nigerian soldiers in a battle to save his life .
his italian colleague , franco lamolinara , 48 , was also killed in the raid last march .
the pair had been held for ten months .
scroll down for video .
chris mcmanus -lrb- pictured -rrb- and italian colleague franco lamolinar taken hostage in northern nigeria were killed by their captors before they could be rescued .
yesterday 's inquest was told that the .
hostages had been killed ` fairly quickly into the engagement ' , which was .
authorised by david cameron due to mounting concerns over the men 's .
safety .
mr mcmanus , a quantity surveyor from oldham , had been living in a .
heavily-guarded compound in the city of birnin-kebbi , previously .
considered safe by his employer , construction company b.stabilini .
however , on may 12 , 2011 , the salford university graduate was abducted .
at gunpoint from his apartment .
mr lamolinara was seized at the same .
time .
after months in captivity , intelligence emerged that the men were being .
held in sokoto , around 100 miles from where they were snatched .
british .
special forces were deployed to the area and on march 8 last year , cobra .
-- the government 's emergency response committee -- approved the rescue .
mission .
laura mcmanus , the mother of chris mcmanus from oldham , read a statement after the inquest in salisbury into her son 's death .
laura mcmanus and chris 's sister justine mcmanus -lrb- left -rrb- and brother ben mcmanus , after the inquest .
chris mcmanus 's mother kisses her son ben after the inquest and giving a statement .
just 45 minutes later , seven uk troops supported by nigerians burst into .
the compound to be met by a hail of gunfire , wiltshire and swindon .
coroner 's court was told