newly crowned masters champion bubba watson was heading back to be with his newly-adopted baby son today - hours after putting on his green jacket .
the golfer , 33 , and his wife angie celebrated adopting a one-month-old boy called caleb just a fortnight ago .
bubba , a big-hitting golfer , last night won the masters after hitting a dramatic 250-yard shot on his way to victory on an extraordinary final day at augusta .
baby joy : bubba watson with his wife angie and their new adopted son caleb who is now six-weeks old .
he defeated south africa 's louis oosthuizen on the second hole in a play-off to win his first major title .
and it was double joy for the golfer from bagdad , florida , who became a father for the first time after adopting because his wife angie is unable to have children .
after sealing a dramatic victory , bubba said he was looking forward to going home to see his boy - but admitted he had not yet changed a nappy .
masters joy : blubba watson sheds a tear after winning the masters golf tournament - two years after his father garry died from throat cancer .
winner : bubba watson wearing his green jacket which he received from from charl schwartzel of south africa -lrb- left -rrb- after winning the masters on the second playoff hole with louis oosthuizen .
good fit : bubba watson puts on his green jacket .
remarkably , he has never had a golf lesson in his life .
suits you sir : bubba watson pulls on the green jacket after his win .
he said : ' i ca n't wait to get back .
i have n't changed a diaper yet so probably going to have to change a .
diaper pretty soon .
' i do n't want to change a diaper .
hopefully this will give me a week or two to just watch her again .
maybe .
not , though .
' the golfer won $ 1.44 million .
-lrb- # 900,000 -rrb- in prize money as he won his first major .
victory : bubba celebrates winning the masters with his mother molly , left , after the win .
hugs : watson embraces his caddie ted scott after winning the masters as the crowd go