spain is launching a crackdown on drunk tourists and is considering introducing breathalyser tests for pedestrians in a bid to make their streets safer .
the proposals , suggested by the country 's directorate general of traffic , are intended to stop visitors to the country from staggering into the path of oncoming cars after they 've been drinking .
anybody stopped by police officers on spanish streets could be asked to take a breathalyser or drugs test if they are believed to be implicated in a road traffic accident .
tourists walking down the famous la rambla street in barcelona .
under new proposals police in spain could breathalyse pedestrians in a bid to crackdown on drunk tourists .
the proposals would also re-class pedestrians as road users , who have the same responsibility to keep safe as drivers .
but according to the guardian , the plan has been criticised by several members of the spanish government because there has n't been a limit imposed on what constitutes as too much alcohol .
concerns have also been raised that it would breach privacy and freedom of people in the country .
but the traffic directorate insist that police can already carry out alcohol and drugs tests on pedestrians , who are thought to have broken the law .
maria segui gomes , the organisation 's director , said : ` municipal police have been carrying out these tests for months -- there is nothing new here that will allow us to start sanctioning pedestrians , whether economically or with penalty points .
' the traffic directorate insist that police can already carry out alcohol and drugs tests on pedestrians who are thought to have broken the law -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
other plans by the organisation have also included imposing speed limits on joggers and the possibility of fining people who leave the house without glasses , or wearing dark clothing at night .
in a 2011 study published in the journal of trauma , it found that 55 per cent of walkers under the influence of alcohol ignored pedestrian crossings , compared to just 22 per cent of sober ones .
in conclusion the research also urged traffic safety and injury prevention programmes to address irresponsible alcohol use in pedestrians .
meanwhile a study last year in the uk found that one pedestrian in seven injured