by .
victoria woollaston .
if you thought fireworks displays were impressive from the ground , wait until you see what they look like when filmed from inside the colourful explosions .
vimeo user gaspar c uploaded the three-minute clip of the display , filmed using a gopro camera attached to a quadcopter .
as the drone navigates through the explosions , it captures the shells travelling into the air before bursting to life , while other shots show tails firing passed the camera in slow motion .
explosive : vimeo user gaspar c uploaded the clip , which was filmed using a gopro camera attached to a quadcopter .
as .
the drone navigates through the explosions , it captures the shells .
travelling into the air before bursting to life , pictured .
although drones are heavily criticised .
for their potential to invade peopleâ $ ™ s privacy , and even steal personal .
information , they are increasingly being used to get a unique viewpoint .
of events .
last month , a similar dji phantom drone captured the yasur volcano on tanna island in vanatu as it began to erupt .
the images were taken by youtube user shaun o'callaghan .
in a number of shots , the explosions illuminate the houses below .
the whole display was captured by a phantom quadcopter from chinese firm dji , fitted with a gopro hero 3 .
remote-controlled phantom quadcopters are capable of reaching an average of 1,000 ft -lrb- 330m -rrb- , while average firework displays sit at around 500ft -lrb- 152m -rrb- .
this means the copter was able to fly above the explosions with ease .
dji phantom fireworks from gasper c on vimeo .
high-flying : the whole display was captured by a phantom quadcopter from chinese firm dji , fitted with a gopro hero 3 , pictured .
remote-controlled phantom quadcopters are capable of reaching approximately 1,000 ft -lrb- 330m -rrb- , and average firework displays sit at around 500ft -lrb- 152m -rrb- .
the video is set to arcade fireâ $ ™ s sprawl ii -lrb- mountains beyond mountains -rrb- track .
although drones are heavily criticised for their potential to invade peopleâ $ ™ s privacy , and even steal personal information , they are increasingly being used to get a unique viewpoint of events .
last month , a