the closure of two a&e units has caused chaos at nearby hospitals , leaving them with the longest waiting times in the country , the mail on sunday can reveal .
despite assurances that shutting the casualty departments in west london in september would not harm patient care , the newspaper has found that 25 per cent of patients at neighbouring ealing and northwick park hospitals have now been left waiting more than four hours for emergency treatment .
that is five times the maximum number who should have waited that long under government targets .
it is also more than twice the number of patients -lrb- 11 per cent -rrb- who waited more than four hours a year ago -- before the two other a&e s were shut .
ealing and northwick park have had to pick up the slack due to the downgrading of a&e units at central middlesex and hammersmith hospitals .
the revelations are a damning indictment of moves to close a&e s .
since the general election in may 2010 , 14 casualty departments across england have been shut or downgraded to urgent care centres , which may only be staffed by nurses at night and are generally not equipped to deal with the most serious cases .
for more than two years , the mail on sunday has been campaigning against the closures , which can leave patients having to travel further or wait longer for life - saving treatment .
around a dozen more fully-equipped a&e s -- including departments in the west midlands , manchester and london -- are currently under threat .
last night , campaigners accused health bosses of going ahead with the moves despite warnings they could jeopardise patient care .
northwick park hospital -lrb- pictured -rrb- and ealing hospital have had to pick up the slack due to the downgrading of a&e units at central middlesex and hammersmith hospitals .
two months ago , david mcvittie , chief executive of london north west healthcare nhs trust -- which covers ealing and northwick park hospitals -- confidently told the mail on sunday : ` we do not expect a large impact on northwick park as a result of the closure of central middlesex and hammersmith a&e units .
' but campaigner colin standfield said last night that mr mcvittie was ` sticking his head in the sand ' and