by .
daily mail reporter .
controversy : david cameron characterised britain as a ` christian country ' in a recent article .
david cameron 's controversial claim that britain is a ` christian country ' risks sowing ` alienation and division ' in society , a group of leading public figures has warned .
more than 50 writers , scientists , broadcasters and academics have signed an open letter expressing concern at the ` negative consequences ' of the prime minister 's assertion in a country where most people do not describe themselves as christian .
signatories of the letter , published in the daily telegraph , include the authors philip pullman and sir terry pratchett ; broadcasters dan snow and nick ross , the philosopher ac grayling ; and the human rights activist peter tatchell .
it follows the article last week for the church times by mr cameron - who in the past has been reluctant to discuss religious matters - in which he wrote of his own faith and his desire to infuse politics with christian ideals and values .
while the letter acknowledges that the prime minister is entitled to his religious beliefs , his comments do not reflect the country as it is today .
` we wish to object to his repeated mischaracterising of our country as a `` christian country '' and the negative consequences for our politics and society that this view engenders , ' the letter states .
` repeated surveys , polls , and studies show most of us as individuals are not christian in our beliefs or our religious identities and at a social level , britain has been shaped for the better by many pre-christian , non-christian , and post-christian forces .
` we are a plural society with citizens with a range of perspectives and a largely non-religious society .
to constantly claim otherwise fosters alienation and division in our society .
' the letter said that mr cameron was wrong to ` exceptionalise ' the contributions made to society by christians when they are equalled by those of people with different beliefs .
author philip pullman is one of 50 signatories of the letter - which has been published in the daily telegraph .
` it needlessly fuels enervating sectarian debates that are by and large absent from the lives of most british people ,