dove 's long-running real beauty campaign is being called into question by an advocate for the ftc 's truth in advertising act , for perhaps not being so ` real ' after all .
seth matlins , a father-of-two and former high-powered advertising executive based in los angeles , california , has launched a petition aimed at dove on change.org , which has so far garnered 3,758 signatures .
although he does n't outright accuse the beauty giant of any specific wrongdoing , mr matlins is asking for two ` hero pledges ' : full disclosure to its customers as to whether it has or has n't photoshopped its images , and the avoidance of running photoshopped ads where kids can see them , i.e. ` billboards , bus shelters , mall kiosks , and the back covers of magazines .
' scroll down for video .
demands : seth matlins ' petition -lrb- pictured -rrb- asks dove to lets consumers know when it has photoshopped an image , and if it has , to display these images only where kids ca n't readily see them .
the petition , which is 1,241 signatures away from its goal , is accompanied by a still from dove 's own 2006 campaign ; a time lapse video which sees a make-up free model styled , transformed and aggressively photoshopped , and ends with the caption : ` no wonder our perception of beauty is distorted .
' mr matlins ' petition reads : ` as a father of two young children , i 've always appreciated the idea behind dove 's real beauty campaign , and the brand 's understanding that the way women and girls are portrayed , both literally -lrb- through words -rrb- and visually -lrb- in pictures -rrb- , has a big impact on how they view themselves and who they aspire to be .
' the outspoken father has an eight-year-old daughter and a seven-year-old son , and runs a blog with his wife eva called feel more better , with the aim of building children 's self-esteem .
he argues that photoshopped ads should be kept out of the sights of impressionable youths because ` kids do n't have the ability to process or understand what they 're seeing .
' practice what you preach : the petition is accompanied by a still from dove 's own