by .
tom mctague , mail online deputy political editor .
former chancellor lord lawson has dismissed david cameron 's attempt to renegotiate britain 's relationship with brussels - and suggested he may have to call for the uk to leave .
the conservative peer warned that the prime minister would have to consult -- and ` persuade overwhelmingly ' - tory mps before deciding whether to recommend an in or an out vote in a future eu referendum .
he added that the ` logic ' of the pm 's position was that if he ca n't get ` major changes ' in the eu , the uk will have to leave .
lord lawson also predicted that mr cameron would get ` nothing of any significance ' from the eu .
former tory chancellor lord lawson said david cameron would not be able to win back anything substantial from brussels and may have to recommend withdrawing from the eu .
the comments , in an interview to the house magazine , come after the new eu commission president jean-claude juncker dismissed the notion of restricting eastern european immigration to the uk .
the former luxembourg leader said ` freedom of movement ' within the eu was not up for negotiation .
mr juncker , the nominee to be the next european commission president , met meps from nigel farage 's eurosceptic group in the european parliament ahead of his coronation next week .
he was asked directly if he would support any restrictions on free movement of workers within the eu .
according to ukip meps at the meeting , he replied : ` no .
' mr juncker also raised the prospect of ` harmonising ' tax rates - which would be fiercely resisted in westminster .
in light of mr juncker 's intervention , lord lawson 's remarks will pile pressure on the prime minister to reveal what powers he wants to see returned to westminster .
lord lawson said he was ` convinced ' that mr cameron would not be able to win anything back from brussels of any worth .
he said : ' i may be wrong , but from my knowledge of the european union - that nothing of any significance is negotiable .
` not least because anything of significance requires treaty changes and treaty changes have to be agreed unanimously