he peers out of a laundry basket , locks eyes with a toy giraffe and looks into the camera lens .
and each time , he does so with a terrifying , soul-piercing gaze .
meet atchoum the cat , whose unwavering glare has taken the world of social media by storm .
scroll down for video .
who are you looking at ?
atchoum the cat has taken the world of social media by storm with his piercing gaze .
staring contest : the nine-month-old animal -lrb- pictured locking eyes with an equally wide-eyed toy giraffe -rrb- suffers from hypertrichosis , a condition that causes an abnormal amount of hair to grow on his small body .
piercing look : atchoum , whose name translates as ` sneezy ' in english , peers out of a blue laundry basket .
excessive hair : the cat , who lives with his owner nathalie in quebec , canada , glares into the camera lens .
relaxing : on a daily basis , nathalie takes photos of her pet , before posting them on to dedicated facebook and instagram pages .
above , atchoum lies on his back -lrb- left -rrb- and relaxes beside a black-colored piano -lrb- right -rrb- .
the nine-month-old animal , who lives with his owner nathalie in quebec , canada , suffers from hypertrichosis , a condition that causes an abnormal amount of hair to grow on his small body .
on a daily basis , nathalie takes photos of her pet - whose name translates to ` sneezy ' in english - before posting them on to dedicated facebook and instagram pages .
and they have been a great success .
atchoum currently has nearly 5,000 followers on facebook , many of whom describe him as ` cute ' , ` adorable ' , ' a star ' and ' a fabulous feline ' .
and he has amassed a further 1,622 subscribers on instagram .
success !
atchoum now has nearly 5,000 followers on facebook - and he has amassed a further 1,622 subscribers on instagram .
above , the adorable cat poses beside a facebook page dedicated to him .
appearances can be deceiving ... despite his intimidating eyes and disheveled appearance , atchoum is actually a cuddly , ` loving ' animal who enjoys engaging in typical feline hobbies , according to nathalie