by .
martha cliff .
all parents have had that feeling of dread when their kids ask them something they just do n't know how to answer .
` where do babies come from ?
' being a particularly common query that parents find hard to tackle .
however , research shows that a worrying amount of children are becoming too scared to ask the awkward questions that they need to discuss with their parents .
a survey revealed today that more than one in four children -lrb- 27 per cent -rrb- have admitted to keeping problems and worries to themselves because they do n't know how to tell their parents .
scroll down for video .
presenter cherry healey , shared her daughter 's uncomfortable question for the railway children project .
the survey conducted by the charity railway children , partners with aviva shows that many parents are unaware of the problem with 95 per cent believing that they are very approachable when it comes to tackling difficult subjects .
however research contradicted this , revealing that many parents are n't broaching subjects such as family changes , divorce and death with their children .
out of 500 parents surveyed a quarter of parents -lrb- 24 per cent -rrb- said that they had n't talked about family changes with their children , while one in five -lrb- 22 per cent -rrb- had n't approached difficult subjects like death or suicide .
nearly a third -lrb- 31 per cent -rrb- admitted that they would only deal with a difficult conversation with their child if the issue arises .
this comes as a concern as research shows that children who experience disruption such as divorce , are three times more likely to run away from home , highlighting the importance of discussing tricky subjects with children .
andy mccullough , head of uk policy & public affairs at railway children , which supports vulnerable young people alone and at risk on britain 's streets says that this is not uncommon problem .
` every five minutes a child runs away from home in the uk .
that 's 100,000 children under 16 every year .
these children run away for a variety of reasons such as problems experienced at school , relationship issues or family breakdown .
' awkward : in their promotional video railway children and aviva document some