the son of linford christie was caught with almost # 1,500 worth of crack cocaine and heroin - just months after he was jailed for allowing his home to be used as a drugs den , a court heard today .
liam linford oliver-christie , 29 , whose father is the former olympic sprinter , was caught with the drugs under his floorboards during a police raid in west kensington , west london .
officers uncovered the haul and ` drugs paraphernalia ' with the help of a sniffer dog at his council flat in september 2013 - and oliver-christie today admitted two counts of possessing class a drugs .
drugs charges : liam linford oliver-christie -lrb- pictured outside isleworth crown court today -rrb- was caught with the drugs under his floorboards during a police raid in west kensington , west london , in september 2013 .
isleworth crown court in middlesex was told today that the drugs cache included 14.1 g -lrb- 0.50 oz -rrb- of cocaine of up to 40 per cent purity and 841mg -lrb- 0.03 oz -rrb- of heroin of up to 60 per cent purity .
neil griffin , prosecuting , said : ` there was a search warrant executed on september 30 but mr oliver-christie was not at home .
however , under the floorboards there was a box containing drugs .
' oliver-christie , who today wore a black leather jacket and bright pink trainers , was jailed for 15 months at the same court in august 2012 for ` turning a blind eye ' to drug dealing at his home .
when officers burst into his home - on a road with an average property value of nearly # 600,000 - they saw cocaine and heroin being thrown from the window of his raised ground floor flat .
raid : when officers burst into his home in west kensington -lrb- above -rrb- - on a road with an average property value of nearly # 600,000 - they saw cocaine and heroin being thrown from the window of his flat .
a tub of white protein powder - used to ` cut ' the drugs and up dealers ' profits - was also discovered , and the drugs found in the box had a street value of # 1,410 .
sprinter : linford christie -lrb- pictured above in 1993 -rrb- was the toast