by .
bianca london .
published : .
08:42 est , 9 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
11:24 est , 9 january 2014 .
last year saw lucy mecklenburgh throw herself full-throttle into an intense exercise and diet regime ... and it certainly paid off .
the former towie star 's toned torso beat competition from rihanna and beyonce to be voted the best .
bikini body of 2013 .
and now , the 22-year-old is giving fans the chance to emulate her healthy lifestyle and honed physique using a bottle of pills .
lucy is capitalising on her professional prowess by launching a new health product in the wake of the popularity of her online workout website , results with lucy .
mecktone - a 3-in-1 detoxifier , cleanser and metabolism-booster - claims to be ` revolutionary ' ... but can it really make you look like lucy ?
will it make us look like her ?
towie star lucy mecklenburgh , left , has launched mecktone , right , a three-in-one detoxifier , cleanser and metabolism booster , to help fans emulate her look .
speaking about mecktone , lucy said : ` people always ask me what i do to look the way i do , and the honest truth is i exercise and i eat well .
` i 've been working hard to develop a range of health products for a while because it is important to keep your body in the best condition alongside this , and this is the first in the range .
` i 'm really excited by it because it contains all the natural ingredients i eat everyday , such as aloe vera , green tea and cayenne pepper .
' she added : ` but i know how hard it is to create meals with everything you need in them , so this really helps support your diet and exercise regime .
` it 's a 30-day supplement taken alongside a healthy diet and fitness regime - all totally natural ingredients that have made such a difference to my skin and wellbeing .
` it may help your body to detox and cleanse , along with boosting the metabolism .
' the product , which comes in a 30-day supply , contains aloe vera , enugreek , cayenne pepper , green tea , green papaya ,