jose aldo battled to an absorbing victory in his rematch with chad mendes before delivering a stinging rebuke at the watching conor mcgregor .
the brazilian won by unanimous decision at ufc 179 in rio to retain his featherweight title and extend his winning streak to 15 , one short of anderson silva 's record .
aldo immediately turned his fire to mcgregor who has repeatedly called out the long-reigning champion .
jose aldo -lrb- top -rrb- celebrates after his points win over chad mendes to retain his featherweight title at ufc 179 .
the brazilian -lrb- left -rrb- has now successfully defended his title seven times and is unbeaten since 2005 .
after the fight the 28-year-old -lrb- right -rrb- called conor mcgergor , who was watching the bout , a ` joker ' ` i 'll fight anyone , ' he said .
` i am the king , mendes is a prince and here we have a joker -lrb- mcgregor -rrb- .
' the dubliner received a heated ` welcome ' at a q&a session on friday as he chases a title shot at a football stadium in his home city .
he must first overcome dennis siver in boston on janaury 18 .
` in my mind the belt is already wrapped around my waist , ' he said .
` i already walk around like the champion .
' irishman mcgregor -lrb- pictured -rrb- has repeatedly called out champion aldo to give him a shot at the title .
mcgregor -lrb- pictured -rrb- received a heated welcome during a q&a session on friday .
aldo took some heavy blows from american mendes but prevailed 49-46 on all three of the judges scorecards .
aldo , meanwhile , had won his first fight with mendes in the first round two years ago with a knee to the face but he was taken the five-round distance on this occasion before prevailing 49-46 on all three scorecards .
` i deserved to win , ' added aldo .
` he hit me a few times but i hit him a lot more .
it was a great a fight and i 'm sure everyone enjoyed it .
' aldo is now unbeaten since 2005 after his seventh successful title defence while defeat would have left brazil without a ufc champion for the first time in eight years .