by .
james chapman .
published : .
18:21 est , 7 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
18:22 est , 7 october 2013 .
access denied : crizotinib could benefit 1,000 patients a year but is deemed to lack evidence of benefits .
patients in england and wales are being denied a lung cancer drug that will be available to hospitals in scotland .
crizotinib can halt the advance of the disease for almost eight months on average .
but the treatment , which costs # 4,000 a month , has been deemed too expensive by the national institute for health and clinical excellence -lrb- nice -rrb- for use south of the border .
however in the latest example of health apartheid , the scottish medicines consortium -lrb- smc -rrb- is to give the green light for the drug to be used within nhs scotland .
taxpayers in england and wales will contribute to the general funding , but will not benefit from it .
the drug , which was fast-tracked for use in the us last year , is designed for patients with a specific genetic mutation -- called alk positive -- in non-small cell lung cancer .
it is estimated that 1,000 patients a year could benefit from the drug .
trials suggest a doubling of time on average before the cancer progressed , up from three months to 7.7 months .
critics of nice said the case for a fundamental overhaul was now overwhelming .
this year alone , the body has failed to recommend any new cancer medicines from the 11 appraisals on which it has made decisions .
at last week 's tory party conference , david cameron was forced to announce a two-year extension to the # 200million-a-year cancer drugs fund -- which pays for treatments denied by nice .
following the crizotinib announcement , conservative mp priti patel said : ` while this is tremendous news for cancer patients in scotland , we once again have to question why nice has rejected another cancer drug for use in england .
` improving the lives of cancer patients should be their key priority .
england runs the risk of lagging behind europe when it comes to research and development in life sciences and the use of pioneering , lifesaving drugs .
` reform of nice so they put the improved access