germany has guaranteed britain will be protected from a more powerful eurozone as the two countries examine plans to kick out jobless migrants after three months .
david cameron yesterday signalled his support for the idea to send migrants home if they fail to find work .
now berlin has offered a fresh boost to the prime minister 's plans to curb brussels ' influence after germany said the uk must not be put at a disadvantage by eurozone nations ' moves to integrate more closely .
german chancellor angela merkel has offered david cameron fresh support for his plans to reform the europe union .
mr cameron has promised that if he is prime minister after the next election he will claw back powers from the european union before holding an in-out referendum .
german chancellor angela merkel is a key ally in any attempt to reshape the eu , and downing street is delighted at the lengths she will go to to ensure britain remains in the bloc of 28 countries .
the berlin government released a report suggesting that new arrivals should be returned to their countries of origin within a few months .
german politicians have suggested the limit should be set at 3 months - though the document does not specify an exact deadline .
the uk has already restricted access to benefits for migrants until they have been in britain for three months .
mr cameron said he would work with berlin on plans to deport jobless migrants who fail to find work .
but the german plans would go further , giving member states the right to kick out those who are not working .
mr cameron said the proposals are proof that key european union leaders are coming round to his view that there should be greater restrictions on free movement around the eu .
a major risk for britain has been being squeezed out or over-ruled by countries which use the euro forming closer ties in an attempt to shore up the single currency .
but in a joint article for the financial times , chancellor george osborne and his german counterpart wolfgang schauble said any changes to eu treaties must ` guarantee fairness ' for member states outside the single currency bloc .
the declaration meets one of mr cameron 's key negotiating demands - that the rights of non-eurozone