boston bomber tamerlan tsarnaev displayed a disturbing pattern of verbal abuse and violence toward women that included fits of rage against his wife and an arrest in 2009 for slapping a previous girlfriend , according to police records and accounts from those who knew him .
close friends of his wife katherine russell , 24 , claimed today that tsarnaev , 26 , was combative , angry and controlling .
his wife has n't spoken publicly about her husband since he was killed in a shootout with police early friday morning .
but it appears she spoke to federal authorities for the first time on tuesday , after she was spotted leaving her rhode island family home with her lawyer and three federal investigators .
she returned home nearly four hours later with her mother .
scroll down for video .
widow : katherine russell , 24 , the wife of marathon bombing suspect tamerlan tsarnaev , leaves her family home with her lawyer tuesday morning .
katherine russell , the widow of boston marathon bombing suspect tamerlan tsarnaev , leaves her lawyer 's office .
history : bombing suspect tamerlan tsarnaev -lrb- left -rrb- displayed a disturbing pattern of verbal abuse and violence toward women , including his wife , katherine russell -lrb- right -rrb- .
wife : russell became pregnant with tsarnaev 's baby her senior year of college and she dropped out of school .
katherine russell 's lawyers released this statement on tuesday morning at her request : .
` as you know from news reports , katie married her husband in june of 2010 .
since then , she has been living in cambridge , raising her child and working long hours , caring for people in their homes who are unable to care for themselves .
` katie grew up in rhode island and has always remained close to her parents and sisters here , as well as her extended family .
` she is fortunate to have the support of her loving family now , as they , too , struggle to come to terms with these events and the deep sorrow we all feel following the events of last week .
` meanwhile , she is doing everything she can to assist with the investigation .
` the injuries and loss of life - to people who came to celebrate a race