san francisco 49ers player aldon smith was arrested on sunday at los angeles airport after allegedly telling security officers he had a bomb while being uncooperative during a bag search .
in footage posted online the 6ft 4in linebacker can be seen speaking with officers before being lead away , telling them he 'd done nothing wrong and saying they would be 'em barrassed ' .
smith was arrested around 2pm and booked on one count of ` false report of a bomb ' , a charge which carries a penalty of up to one year behind bars .
he has been released after posting $ 20,000 bail .
scroll down for video .
san fransisco 49ers linebacker aldon smith has been arrested at los angeles airport after apparently telling security officers that he had a bomb in his luggage .
according to police he became ` agitated ' and ` belligerent ' after being selected for a random search .
a witness said he told officers he had done nothing wrong as he was lead away .
arrested : 49ers player aldon smith , pictured , was arrested on sunday at lax after reportedly indicating to a tsa agent he had a bomb .
according to a police statement smith became ` belligerent ' while waiting on a terminal 1 security line and was randomly picked for a .
second screening .
sgt. karla ortiz said : ` at .
approximately 1400 hrs , a 25-year-old male resident of san jose , .
california , was going through terminal 1 screening and was randomly .
selected for a secondary screening .
` the suspect then became belligerent and uncooperative with the process and with the tsa agent , making a comment indicating that he was in possession of a bomb before proceeding towards the gate area .
` los angeles airport police made contact with him at the gate and he was positively identified as the person in question .
` once again the male subject became uncooperative and he was detained and taken into custody by airport police and is currently being transported to lapd for booking .
' eyewitness john egan told the san jose mercury news that smith was just agitated .
' i heard him say , `` i did nothing wrong , '' ' egan said .
` the whole thing ratcheted up from