by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
08:31 est , 20 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
12:20 est , 20 february 2014 .
may the force build with you obi wan lego-bi !
these pictures show characters from the star wars movies being unveiled - in lego .
the 250,000-brick display took weeks to piece together and depicts star wars episode ii , the attack of the clones , which starred ewan mcgregor and natalie portman .
characters obi wan kenobi , anakin skywalker and padmé amidala are shown .
and the set up includes scenes showing the start of the clone wars , the droid factory , the geonosian arena of justice and kamino 's clone factory as well as the scene depicting obi wan 's duel with jango fett .
the display has been unveiled to the public for the first time at the legoland discovery centre near manchester which opened in the trafford centre back in 2010 .
out of this world : the new star wars logo display at legoland , trafford centre , near manchester .
pictured here is anakin skywalker .
clone troopers in formation in the star wars movie episode ii attack of the clones .
the battle of geonosis depicted in lego in a scene from episode ii attack of the clones .
a scene from the battle of geonosis in the film , he first major combat of the grand army of the republic .
the film is set ten years after the battle of naboo , when the galaxy is on the brink of civil war .
star wars episode ii : attack of the clones is the fifth star wars film , and was released in 2002 .
star wars episode ii : attack of the clones takes place ten years after episode i : the phantom menace .
the film was overshadowed by the even greater box-office success of its predecessor , the phantom menace .
attack of the clones was the first star wars film which used a high-definition digital 24-frame system for most of the movie 's live-action scenes .
anakin skywalker was once a heroic jedi knight , but was seduced by the powers of the dark side and became the evil force known as darth vader .
in the arena scene when the monsters are approaching , obi-wan tells