award winning actress samantha morton , who is set to speak to police over allegations she was sexually abused while living in a nottinghamshire care home .
award-winning actress samantha morton is set to speak to police over claims she suffered sexual abuse at the hands of care home workers .
the golden globe and bafta winner , who spent most of her childhood living in institutions in nottingham , spoke out last month saying she was abused by two male residential home workers when she was just 13 .
she said that the abuse was reported to both the police and social services but neither was investigated .
now the 37-year-old has agreed to be formally interviewed by officers , who could be set to launch an investigation after the claims surrounding the now closed red tile home in nottinghamshire .
the actress had previously revealed she had recently spoken to nottinghamshire police about her original complaint and was told the report contained only a reference to ` frolicking ' and no sexual abuse .
however , a force spokesman today confirmed : ` we have agreed a date and time towards the end of this month to meet with the individual concerned to discuss the matter .
' the double-oscar nominee said she decided to waive her right to anonymity in the wake of a report detailing sexual exploitation of 1,400 children over a period of 16 years in rotherham , south yorkshire .
she told the guardian that she was subjected to abuse by two different perpetrators during her time in care , but was too embarrassed to report her plight straight away .
she explained : ' i was embarrassed and the people that did what they did to me ... i thought they were really nice people , so i was actually really shocked when it happened .
' the actress added : ' i just wanted to go public with this , to say , we know it 's rife but why are there not further investigations into other areas ?
it is n't just rotherham , i 'm sure it 's not just rotherham .
miss morton at an awards ceremony , left , and in a tv adaptation of jane eyre , right .
the actress said she was subjected to abuse by two different male workers at the red tiles home