by .
sam webb .
published : .
09:14 est , 14 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
15:32 est , 11 november 2012 .
under pressure : bbc director general george entwistle admitted he knew nothing about the corporation broadcasting child sex abuse allegations before they went out .
bbc insiders have called the director general 's claim that he did n't ask about the content of the canned jimmy savile newsnight documentary ` barely credible ' and ` ridiculous ' .
at a press conference on friday , george entwistle , who expressed his ` revulsion ' at the thought of savile 's abuse at the bbc , claimed he never asked questions about the nature of the newsnight investigation dropped last year , saying he wanted to ensure the independence of news and current affairs .
at the time mr entwistle was director of the vision division , which is responsible for commissioning , producing , scheduling and broadcasting the content of all of the bbc 's television channels .
the independent reported that media commentator steve hewlett , who presents radio 4 's the media show , yesterday called the claim ` simply implausible ' , adding : ` the idea that he did n't know is barely credible .
' david elstein , the former chief executive of channel 5 , added his voice to the condemnation , saying entwhistle would have to be ` pretty brain dead ' not to investigate the programme 's subject matter .
mr entwistle , who also apologised to victims on behalf of the bbc , told reporters that helen boaden -lrb- head of news -rrb- had told him that newsnight was planning a programme about savile .
he said that he said ` thanks for letting me know ' , but asked no questions about it .
a senior bbc newsroom source told the independent : ` it defies credibility that he did n't try to find this out .
` the idea that , as head of vision , in charge of the christmas schedule , he just said ` thanks for letting me know ' is ridiculous .
` the best thing you can say is he looks completely incurious to the point of being irresponsible .
he looks hopeless .
' tension : a source says bbc director general 's comments have split