sunshine escapes are melting winter wonderlands when it comes to britons ' holiday preferences as the uk descends into the dark , grey and cold period of the calendar .
an overwhelming 75 per cent of people say they want to thaw out in warmer climes instead of hitting the slopes over the next three months , reveals a survey of 2,400 people by monarch airlines .
beach getaways make up 87 per cent of all of the carrier 's bookings over winter , leaving snow-destinations competition in the cold , with the airline adding flights to accommodate an increasing number of sun seekers .
escape the chill : britons are choosing sunshine over snow in overwhelming numbers this winter .
fun in the sun : beach destinations make up 87 per cent of monarch airlines ' bookings over winter .
more specifically , brits want to hit locations they know they love with 40 per cent of flights heading to the canary islands .
tenerife , the largest island of the spanish holiday favourite , is britons ' preferred destination with 24 per cent of all beach getaways booked there .
spanish resorts are as popular as ever with alicante -lrb- 16 per cent -rrb- and malaga -lrb- 12 per cent -rrb- in second and third with egypt 's sharm el-sheikh -lrb- 11 per cent -rrb- close behind .
tenerife is the massive favourite for british jet-setters keen to thaw out as the winter chill hits the uk .
1 -rrb- tenerife , canary islands -lrb- spain -rrb- -- 24 % .
2 -rrb- alicante , spain -- 16 % .
3 -rrb- malaga , spain -- 12 % .
4 -rrb- sharm el sheik , egypt -- 11 % .
5 -rrb- faro , portugal - 9 % .
1 -rrb- grenoble , france -- 56 % .
2 -rrb- friedrichshafen , germany -- 14 % .
3 -rrb- salzburg , austria -- 14 % .
4 -rrb- turin , italy -- 8 % .
5 -rrb- innsbruck , austria -- 8 % .
but there is still a significant number of holidaymakers hitting the slopes with grenoble in south-eastern france , gateway to the french alps , the most popular with 56 per cent of the airline 's ski destination bookings .
also popular are germany 's friedrichshafen and austria 's salzburg , with 14 per cent