a canadian college has come under fire after filming two students kissing against the bookshelves of an on-campus library for a new promotional video that has been likened to a ` beer commercial ' .
in the video , dozens of attractive teenagers are captured solving math problems on a board , carrying out scientific research and discussing financial statistics to promote the university of moncton .
however , they are also seen playing as hard as they work - from participating in a football game and dancing at a music concert with friends to attending a beach party at sunset .
in one short clip , a male and female student are even filmed hooking up in the university 's library , as a narrator emphasizes that the french language is good reason to attend the new brunswick college .
scroll down for video .
controversial : the university of moncton has come under fire after filming two students kissing against the bookshelves of a library -lrb- pictured -rrb- for a new promotional video that has been likened to a ` beer commercial ' sparking outrage : some social media users criticized the advertising campaign for its ` sexy ' theme , with one woman , with the handle @mlismeg -lrb- pictured -rrb- , tweeting : ` disappointing representation/use of the #library ' disapproving : another user wrote of the new promotional video : ` sex-negativity in action ... #feminism ' ` at the university of moncton , our language is our pride .
a force .
it 's a language of progress , of affairs .
and other affairs , ' the male narrator says in french , as the couple kiss amid the library stacks .
the steamy footage has sparked outrage among the university 's professors and librarians , with many deeming it ` pathetic ' , ` similar to selling beer ' and attracting the wrong sort of students .
speaking to cbc news , marie-noelle ryan , president of the university 's association of librarians and professors , declared : ` it 's the way it 's like selling the university , like it 's a beer product .
' she added : ` it 's not the way that you will recruit serious students and people who really want to learn and have good diplomas .
' steamy : ` at the university