by .
francesca chambers for mailonline .
president barack obama spent nearly five hours dining at the washington , d.c. home of longtime friend and white house assistant chef sam kass on monday night .
usually , kass , the president 's senior policy adviser for nutrition , cooks dinner for the first family at the white house .
but yesterday the president went to his aide 's home for dinner instead .
the two were joined for dinner by the president 's deputy chief of staff , anita breckenridge .
first lady michelle obama is still on martha 's vineyard .
she did not accompany the president and their daughter malia back to washington on sunday evening .
president barack obama attends a meeting with members of the national security council on monday at the white house .
obama came back to d.c. from his vacation in martha 's vineyard early monday morning for two days of meetings .
he 'll return to the massachusetts island this evening .
last night president obama dined at the house of white house assistant chef sam kass .
kass , pictured here with obama at the mid pacific country club on new years day in lanikai , hawaii , is a longtime friend of the first family .
the white house provided no additional details on obama 's dinner last night , and the press never saw the president enter or exit kass ' building .
kass and the obama family are close , having known each other from their days in chicago , illinois .
kass 's family lived in the same neighborhood as the obamas , and his father taught malia 's fifth-grade class .
a vogue profile on kass and his fiancee , msnbc host alex wagner , published earlier this year said a young kass began cooking for the obamas when barack was running for president while serving in the u.s. senate in washington and michelle and the girls were still living in chicago .
when the obama family moved to washington , kass did , too , taking a job as assistant chef at the white house and later food initiative coordinator .
while the white house chef handles formal dinners for the president , kass serves as the obama family 's personal cook .
he is also the executive director of the first lady 's let