by .
john stevens and emily allen .
published : .
13:50 est , 17 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
12:18 est , 18 september 2012 .
tangled : lydia bishop was pronounced dead in .
hospital after she suffered serious injuries in the play area at .
york college nursery , york .
a three-year-old girl died after becoming tangled in ropes on playground equipment on her first day at her nursery , it has been revealed .
lydia bishop was pronounced dead in hospital after she suffered serious injuries in the play area at the # 42-a-day york college nursery , york , yesterday afternoon .
police have confirmed it was the girl 's first day at nursery .
she is thought to have used a 5ft metal slide at the college 's nursery and then become stuck on the ropes that were part of another piece of equipment .
it is not known whether she fell from the slide onto the ropes .
det chief insp nigel costello said a .
full investigation was now underway at the nursery to establish how the .
accident happened and if it could have been prevented .
the nursery is to remain shut until at least early next week .
parents of other children who attend the nursery paid tribute as they arrived to lay flowers .
mother-of-two claire gibb , 36 , a marketing officer whose two children have been attending the nursery since march , said : ` it 's an amazing place .
i always felt at ease leaving my kids here .
` i 've noticed that whenever there were kids playing on the slide there was .
always somebody supervising it .
' i ca n't imagine what the little girl 's parents are going through right now .
my heart to their whole family .
' another mother , rebecca thompson , 40 , also laid flowers and a card , reading : ` to a lovely little girl , rest with the angels ' .
she said her three-year-old son had only been going to the nursery for a week and she believed it was the little girl 's first day there when tragedy struck .
` it is so sad , it does n't even bear thinking about , everyone expects to pick their child up from nursery do