a year ago jacqueline sparks was healthy , pregnant and looking forward to becoming a mother for the first time .
now she is a 27-year-old going through menopause and feeling ashamed that she can never give her husband the large family they both desperately wanted .
ms sparks lost her daughter mia and her ability to ever have a family naturally when a drug-affected driver crashed into the car she was travelling in with her two brothers .
` what makes it worse is i have this guilt that i 'm holding -lsb- my husband -rsb- back from having a family , because he 'd make such a wonderful dad , but it 's not my fault , ' ms sparks told daily mail australia .
jacqueline sparks lost her unborn baby and her ability to have children in a horrific car accident .
on september 30 last year she was travelling in the front passenger 's seat of her brother 's car on the princes highway at dapto in wollongong , nsw , when marco paulo silvestri crashed head-on into the vehicle as he tried to overtake another car .
ms sparks was air-lifted to liverpool hospital following the incident where doctors discovered the extent of her injuries : head trauma , broken ribs , fractured ulna , lacerations to the bone , punctured lungs , lost vision and the ` loss of her 32 week foetus ' .
the car crash was so severe her womb catastrophically ruptured upon impact and had to be removed .
in local court earlier this year , silvestri pleaded guilty to three counts of dangerous driving occasioning grievous bodily harm , the illawarra mercury reported .
in a hearing in the district court in sutherland on wednesday , a victim impact statement read out on behalf of ms sparks described the pain she felt when she realised she had lost her daughter mia .
she was injured when drug-affected driver marco paulo silvestri crashed into the car she was travelling in wollongong , nsw last year .
ms sparks ' brother tim mcnamara -lrb- left -rrb- was driving the car at the time of the accident .
' i do not remember understanding nor being told what had happened but i do remember a single tear falling from my face onto the perfect little nose of my lifeless daughter in my