founder : dr philip nitschke believes it is a ` fundamental right ' for anyone to take their own life .
a ` suicide club ' that provides advice and equipment to help people kill themselves has been set up in britain .
exit international , which campaigns to legalise euthanasia , has opened a london office to ` cope with demand ' after its uk membership hit 1,000 .
the group , which charges members a fee to access online information and attend workshops to discuss ` peaceful ' methods of suicide , has attracted fierce criticism in australia , where it was originally set up .
unlike other advocates of assisted .
dying , exit does not campaign only on behalf of the terminally ill .
it .
also aims to help older people simply ` tired of life ' kill themselves .
using drugs or gas , in what it terms ` rational suicide ' .
its activities include : .
however , .
opponents of euthanasia -- and even some supporters -- say exit 's .
approach is ` dangerous ' , with one warning its spread here will lead to .
` endless tragedies ' .
exit has already been implicated in .
the death of yorkshire grandmother anne veasey , who had multiple .
sclerosis .
the group 's ireland director , tom curran , was interviewed by .
police over her death in 2012 , but never charged .
although .
assisting or encouraging suicide is illegal in britain , the law has .
been tested by campaigners seeking the right to end their lives when .
they choose .
next month a .
bill to allow doctors to help patients take their lives in certain .
circumstances is to be debated in the house of lords .
scroll down for video .
exit .
uk 's ` inaugural event ' is to be held next saturday in london .
it is .
free to attend for members , who pay around # 60 a year , while non-members .
are required to pay a one-off fee of around # 50 .
the .
group was set up by australian doctor philip nitschke , who believes it .
is a ` fundamental right ' for anyone to take their lives when they want .
restricting access to suicide method information is ` censorship