by .
chris pleasance .
published : .
05:37 est , 11 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:17 est , 11 november 2013 .
retail giant amazon is to start offering sunday delivery to all its customers after striking a deal with the us postal service -lrb- usps -rrb- .
from november 17 shoppers in the new york and la areas will be able to select sunday as a delivery day at the checkout .
while the offer will be free for prime subscribers , regular customers will still have access to the service as long as they pay for business day delivery .
amazon will be offering sunday delivery from november 17 in new york and la areas but will be rolled out to other major cities including dallas and new orleans next year .
dave clark , amazon 's vice president of worldwide operations and customer service , said : ` this is part of a continuing effort to make online shopping a normal , seven-day-a-week , any-time-you-want experience .
' amazon says it is planning to extend the year-round service next year to dallas , new orleans , phoenix and other cities .
the offer is thought to be the first of its kind in the us and provides a lifeline for struggling usps which lost $ 16billion last year according to forbes , as the delivery of letters declined .
by contrast the demand for package deliveries is ` increasing in double-digit percentages ' , according to a usps spokeswoman .
the deal is the first of its kind in the us and poses a challenge to other retailers like google and ebay who are developing their own same-day service .
usps delivered around 3.5 billion parcels last year , up from 3.3 billion in 2011 and 3.1 billion in 2010 .
despite the extra demand the company says it will not be taking on any extra staff and will be using its flexible workforce , who have agreed to work the extra days .
the one-of-a-kind offer will challenge other big-name retailers who have been beefing up their own delivery options .
wal-mart is currently testing one-day delivery in northern virginia , philadelphia , minneapolis , denver , and the san fransisco and san jose areas in california .
ebay has recently aquired london start-up company shtl , which offers same-day service