by .
john hall .
a convoy of 280 russian lorries apparently packed with aid parcels are to be blocked from entering eastern ukraine amid fears they could be carrying military supplies for pro-kremlin rebels .
ukraine said it would prevent the vehicles passing through a 60-mile stretch of rebel-held border because they had not been certified by the red cross and had provided no information on exactly what they are carrying or where they are heading .
according to russian media reports , the white lorries left moscow this morning carrying up to 2,000 tons of aid - ranging from baby food to sleeping bags - and are now heading for eastern ukraine .
scroll down for video .
suspicions : a convoy of russian lorries , including this van , apparently packed with aid parcels are to be blocked from entering eastern ukraine amid fears they could be carrying military supplies for pro-kremlin rebels .
journey : an ambulance was part of a convoy of white trucks carrying humanitarian aid along the m4 in russia 's voronezh region .
transport : both kiev and western governments have warned moscow not to turn the aid operation into a military operation .
both kiev .
and western governments have warned moscow not to turn the aid operation .
into a military operation in a region facing a humanitarian crisis .
following four months of warfare .
the .
plan now is for the cargo to be taken to a government border in the .
north of ukraine - rather than through a rebel-held crossing - where the .
parcels will be checked by the red cross and reloaded on to new .
vehicles , which will then travel to crisis-hit areas in the east of the .
country .
` we will not allow any escort by the emergencies ministry of russia or .
by the military -lsb- onto ukrainian territory -rsb- .
everything will be under the .
control of the ukrainian side , ' kiev 's presidential aide valery .
chaly told journalists .
concerns : ukraine said it would prevent the vehicles passing through a 60-mile stretch of rebel-held border because they had not been certified by the red cross .
aid : a russian orthodox clergyman blesses the convoy of white trucks as they park up in alabino , outside moscow .
plan : the plan