bode miller crashed out of the men 's super-g at the world championships on thursday .
the 37-year-old american skier suffered a deep cut on his right calf after he hit his left arm on a gate , spun backward and lost both skis in a crash at the world championships .
the u.s. ski team said he was being evaluated by the medical staff for the cut just above his boot line .
bode miller suffered a deep cut to his leg following a crash at the super-g world championships .
miller crashes during the men 's super-g competition at the alpine skiing world championships .
miller hit his left arm on a gate , spun backward and lost both skis during the crash .
the usa star was turned up onto his head during the spectacular fall .
miller falls down the slope after hit a gate during his run in the alpine skiing world championships .
miller was competing in his first competitive race since back surgery in november .
the 37-year-old us skier falls down the mountain in beaver creek , colorado .
miller see sliding down the course after losing his skis during his run .
the cut 37-year-old miller suffered to his leg following his crash on thursday .
miller looking in pain after suffering the deep cut to his leg following the incident .
miller inspects the cut on his leg following the heavy crash he suffered while going down the course .
miller 's family watch on including his wife morgan , a professional volleyball player , and two children .
his daughter holds her hands up to her face after watching her father crash on the slopes .
miller was competing in his first race since back surgery in november and had a fast run going .
he was charging in his fashion and had the lead midway through the course .
but he cut a gate too close and hooked his arm , sending him spiraling out of control .
first , one ski popped off .
then the other and he began to somersault down the slope .
once he righted himself , he slid for a bit on his bottom .
the six-time olympic medalist slowly got up and waited for someone to bring his skis .
he then clicked back in and wrapped up the run ,