hundreds of protesters angered at the killing of unarmed black men by white police officers again marched through downtown berkeley streets on tuesday night as protests continued to rage in northern california .
disturbing footage has emerged showing one man , believed to be a berkeley doctor , knocked out cold after another man hit him in the head with a hammer .
the man , who was trying to stop demonstrators from smashing up a radio shack , can be seen fighting with the other man in the footage before he is hit .
he was rushed to highland hospital .
however the attack caused the violence to escalate in the town , according to berkeleyside .
scroll down for video .
attack : new video shows a man , believed to be a berkeley doctor , trying to stop looters and then getting hit in the head with a hammer .
hit : this is the moment the man is hit .
the attack throws him to the ground and he was knocked out .
violence : police officers with the berkeley police department clash with protesters during a march against the new york city grand jury decision to not indict in the death of eric garner in berkeley on monday .
clash : a police officer pushes protesters with his arms raised on interstate 80 in berkeley .
over 1,000 berkeley protesters blocked traffic on monday and marched again on tuesday .
smashed : protesters break the window of a shattuck avenue drugstore in berkeley after a second wave of protesting over the killings of two unarmed black men by police in ferguson .
held : 223 people monday on suspicion of resisting arrest , obstructing police and other charges .
wall : chp officers stop marchers from continuing down university avenue at sixth street in berkeley .
run : a police officer swings a baton at a protester with a bicycle .
violent protest against police killings .
protest : demonstrators in berkeley blocked traffic on i-80 for over an hour on monday night .
demonstrators stopped at city hall , where a city councilman addressed the crowd and said he will ask for an investigation into police response to the protests over the weekend , when the latest wave of protests started .
bay area rapid transit officials said the station in downtown berkeley was