by .
mark duell .
last updated at 11:32 pm on 19th september 2011 .
a gunman who allegedly killed his wife and shot two pastors in .
a church on sunday killed his previous wife 25 years ago , court records have revealed .
jeremiah fogle , 57 , was tackled by people attending a prayer .
service in lakeland , florida yesterday , who took his .32 - calibre revolver and held him .
down .
pastor william boss was shot in the head as he prayed .
associate pastor carl stewart was shot in the shoulder , head and back , .
authorities said .
scroll down for video .
in court : jeremiah fogle killed his wife at home before marching into a prayer service at a church he once attended and shooting two clergymen , police said .
shot dead : fogle and his wife theresa brown fogle , 56 , married in 2002 and once attended greater faith christian center church as members .
fogle and his wife theresa brown fogle , 56 , married in 2002 .
and once attended greater faith christian center church as members .
but they had not been for several years and had started .
their own ministry out of their house , regularly hosting their own sunday .
services .
today it has been revealed he pleaded guilty to manslaughter .
in the death of his wife , diane , but was only sentenced to 10 years ' probation .
in 1987 .
he allegedly answered the door with a rifle and showed a .
police officer her body in 1986 .
prosecutors reduced the charge from first-degree .
murder .
he handled the rifle in a ` negligent , .
careless and reckless manner , ' authorities said at the time .
it 's not known why the charge was lessened .
spree : fogle allegedly stormed into greater faith christian church in florida on sunday morning , shooting pastors william boss and carl stewart .
on sunday , mrs fogle 's husband had allegedly walked to .
the church from their home nearby .
she was later found dead in the living room by officials .
` of all the places you should be .
safe , you should be safe in a house of worship .
especially on a sunday morning ' sheriff grady