ally mccoist admits he 'd rather avoid celtic if ronny deila 's side join rangers in the league cup semi-finals .
in the first game of the mike ashley era , the ibrox side claimed their place in the last four of the competition with a one-goal victory over premiership st johnstone courtesy of lewis macleod 's header four minutes from time .
provided celtic see off partick thistle on wednesday night , there 's a one in three chance of a first old firm game in almost three years .
rangers manager all mccoist ca n't hide his delight as lewis macleod 's header proves to be the winner .
macleod celebrates his fine header with just four minutes to go to secure rangers ' win at ibrox .
but mccoist admitted he 'd rather be paired with any side other than their old rivals .
` when you get to the semis , you ca n't really pick and choose , ' mccoist said .
` we all know who would be favourites to pick up the domestic trophies before the season starts .
` i do n't think that would change , so in that respect i would probably take anyone else other than celtic .
` i do n't think it is rocket science to work out it would maybe give you a better chance of reaching the final , although it would n't guarantee it .
` it would be a very , very tough game -lrb- against celtic -rrb- .
stating the obvious , we would very much be the underdogs .
but underdogs can sometimes win .
' speaking after his manager , however , match-winner macleod said he 'd relish the prospect of facing celtic in three months ' time if fate decreed it .
` it goes without saying that it would be one of the most hyped up games for a wee while , ' said the 20-year-old .
` but we will see how the draw goes at the weekend and we will look forward to the semi-final no matter who we play against .
' former newcastle director derek llambias -lrb- left -rrb- was in the stands after becoming a rangers consultant .
rangers captain lee mcculloch rises above the st johnstone defence as he attempts to head his side in front .
just 13,023 turned up at