homes have their own plainclothes security guards -- or a concierge who will do everything from walk your dog to arranging a private jet .
this is britain 's most expensive street , where the average property sells for almost # 17million .
grosvenor crescent , in london 's belgravia , topped a list of 50 exclusive addresses in a survey by lloyds bank .
britain 's most expensive street : grosvenor crescent , in london 's belgravia , topped a list of 50 exclusive addresses in a survey by lloyds bank .
despite the eye-watering prices , almost all of the properties on the 19th century crescent are flats rather than houses .
apartments on the grade ii-listed street , close to hyde park , are mainly owned by multi-millionaires from russia , eastern europe and the middle east -- many of whom use them as a second or third home .
the next most expensive street was nearby eaton square , where property sells for an average of # 15.5 million and former residents include nigella lawson .
the celebrity chef once owned a # 25million home at the address and property tycoon scot young , who fell to his death this week from his flat in marylebone , also owned an apartment there .
london and the south east dominated the top 50 list of priciest streets -- with the top ten all in the capital 's wealthy enclaves of belgravia , knightsbridge , kensington , chelsea and notting hill .
however there was an entry from the north of england .
houses in park lane in altrincham , cheshire , sell for about # 2.5 million and are occupied by entrepreneurs and premier league footballers .
the south west also had just one entry -- the peninsula of sandbanks in poole , dorset , where the average property also costs # 2.5 million .
yesterday , a security guard for a qatari family who live in a flat in grosvenor crescent described the homes as ` big , very big ' .
he said : ` we always have security on guard and there is cctv .
if you 're a visitor , you have to arrange an appointment and then be searched when you come in .
' the street is also home to the belgian embassy , while numbers 3-10 were for many years