the daughter of murdered schoolteacher ann maguire will join leading musicians and ballet dancers to host a special gala night in her mother 's honour .
emma maguire , 30 , will be joined by world-renowned ballet dancer and strictly come dancing judge darcey bussell and dancer jonathan cope to host the first ann maguire gala next month .
the evening will be in memory of mrs maguire , 61 , who was stabbed to death as she taught a spanish class at corpus christi catholic college in leeds in april last year .
scroll down for video .
ann maguire , 61 -lrb- left -rrb- , was stabbed to death as she taught a spanish class at corpus christi catholic college in leeds in april last year .
william cornick -lrb- right -rrb- was handed a 20-year minimum prison term for the killing .
william cornick , who was 15 at the time , pleaded guilty to the killing on the day he was due to stand trial and was handed a 20-year minimum prison sentence .
mrs maguire , who was loved and respected by pupils , parents and colleagues , had taught at the school for 40 years and planned to retire just weeks after she was killed .
following her death , her widow don and daughters emma and kerry described her murder as a ` monumental act of cowardice and evil ' and said they were ` looking to the future with fragile hope ' .
now , just 10 months on they are planning to host a special night in her honour .
the gala , which is to be held at sadler 's wells theatre in london on sunday march 22 , will feature music and dance and will raise money for the ann maguire arts education fund .
emma -lrb- left -rrb- , a professional dancer who has starred in a host of famous ballet productions including the nutcracker and sleeping beauty , will host the event with dancer and strictly judge darcey bussell -lrb- right -rrb- .
emma , a royal ballet soloist who has starred in a host of famous ballet productions including the nutcracker and sleeping beauty , said : ` my mother was an inspirational teacher for generations of young people in leeds .
` as a family we felt that setting up a charity that continues her