by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
14:33 est , 4 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:29 est , 4 september 2013 .
vanna white is fighting to save her teenage son after fears that he is being brainwashed by a monk from the hare krishna movement , it has been revealed today .
the 56-year-old 's son nicholas , who likes to be called nikko , is living with a monk twice his age while both attend the university of arizona .
the 19-year-old reportedly has been living with hare krishna devotee jaycee akinsanya , 34 , in his small house in tucson .
living together : vanna white 's son nikko with hare krishna monk jaycee akinsanya , whom he shares a home with in tucson , arizona .
happier times : vanna white with her two teenage children nikko -lrb- second left -rrb- and gigi -lrb- left -rrb- in las vegas with mirage headliner terry fator -lrb- right -rrb- .
risky business : game show star vanna white , in her long-standing role on wheel of fortune , is reportedly afraid her son is being brainwashed .
according to the national enquirer , ms white , who is worth an estimated $ 40million , is refusing to give her son the $ 1million he has demanded to build a new ashram for hare krishna followers .
with their distinctive saffron-colored robes , the international society for krishna consciousness - or hare krishnas as they are commonly known - have seen a rapid growth in the movement since it started in the mid-sixties in new york city .
the belief system is based on indian scripture and aims to spread the practice of bhakti yoga as devotees dedicate themselves to pleasing the supreme lord krishna .
the community has 400 centers worldwide , 50 schools and 90 restaurants .
the popular nickname comes from the mantra they often chant in groups , which repeats : ` hare krishna hare krishna ' over and over .
the four central principles of the movement are no eating of meat , no illicit sex , no gambling and no intoxication of alcohol , caffeine , tobacco or other recreational drugs .
the tv star is said to be terrified about losing her son to the organization .
the hare krishna movement previously has been accused of