tom arscott scored a hat-trick as sale secured their first aviva premiership win of the season with a 46-8 thumping of london welsh .
tries from arscott and vadim cobilas , along with five points from the boot of danny cipriani , gave the sharks a 15-3 advantage at the interval , with welsh 's only response in the first 40 minutes coming through an olly barkley penalty .
cipriani kicked his second three-pointer of the afternoon to extend the hosts ' lead after the break .
sale sharks ' tom arscott scored a hat-trick as the hosts strolled to victory over london welsh .
nic reynolds ' touchdown gave the visitors hope , but arscott went over for the second time to seal the win and tom brady scored late on to garner a vital bonus point .
arscott then completed his hat-trick before luke mclean touched down in the last minute .
both sides went into the game with a record of two defeats from two games , although the visitors at least had the excuse of having to integrate 25 new signings .
although bath and gloucester are expected to challenge for the top six , narrow losses to the west country teams represented a frustrating opening to the campaign for steve diamond 's sharks .
two weeks ago against mike ford 's men , sale lacked intensity in the initial exchanges and found themselves 7-0 down almost from the kick-off .
this time they were on the front foot from the off , touching down within three minutes when cipriani , mclean , johnny leota and will addison combined to send arscott over against his former club .
the victory was sale sharks ' first of the aviva premiership season .
it was the perfect start for the hosts , but a poor one for a visiting side who had shipped over 100 points so far in the premiership .
to their credit , the exiles fought back and went through the phases in the opposition half before an offside infringement allowed barkley to reduce the arrears with a penalty .
welsh then had a second three-point opportunity as sale 's poor ball-handling skills and indiscipline let them down , but the visiting stand-off was awry from the tee .
that was to prove costly for the away team as diamond 's men once again exerted