it 's nearing ` crunch time ' for greece and the eurozone and failure to reach a deal over the country 's bailout would be ` very severe for economic and financial stability ' , according to britain 's finance minister george osborne .
however , greek prime minister alexis tsipras today signalled little intention of backing down from greece 's clash with its euro zone partners , despite a looming financial crisis .
tsipras said his government would not succumb to ` blackmail ' and would instead quickly start voting in new laws to reverse bailout reforms .
defiant : greek prime minister alexis tsipras -lrb- pictured -rrb- signalled little intention of backing down from greece 's clash with its euro zone partners , despite a looming financial crisis .
ignoring calls from across europe to compromise on a plan to extend greece 's bailout programme , he said he was confident a deal on the country 's future would ultimately be found but that athens would not climb down from its pre-election pledges .
` we are not in a hurry and we will not compromise , ' tsipras told his party 's lawmakers in parliament .
` we are working hard for an honest and mutually beneficial deal , a deal without austerity , without the bailout which has destroyed greece in recent years , a deal without the toxic presence of the -lrb- bailout inspecting -rrb- troika .
' tsipras said his parliament would start voting in bills this week to implement campaign pledges of protecting primary residences from foreclosures and banning the sale of mortgage loans to distressed funds .
a bill reversing labour reform and restoring collective bargaining agreements scrapped by european union and international monetary fund lenders would soon be presented alongside another one to deal with the ` humanitarian crisis ' in greece , he said .
the current bailout runs out in two weeks , and the eu had originally said greece would have to demand an extension to the loan by yesterday .
but , following the collapse of a meeting in brussels , european officials gave the newly elected radical left government in athens another three days , with the possibility of another meeting on friday .
jeroen dijsselbloem , the dutch finance minister who chairs the eurogroup of 19 countries using the common currency , stuck to his