by .
harriet arkell .
published : .
12:05 est , 27 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
06:58 est , 28 november 2012 .
a university challenge contestant has been inundated with offers of dates - and even a marriage proposal - after sending pulses racing when she appeared on the bbc quiz show .
india lenon , a classics student at new college oxford , sent twitter into meltdown after appearing on the bbc two show hosted by jeremy paxman .
the blonde student , who says on her twitter account that she is a ` failed model , part-time classicist and future lawyer ' , wowed viewers , who normally make do watching with ` geeks ' on the popular show .
classical beauty : oxford student india lenon sent pulses racing when she appeared on the popular bbc quiz show .
brains before beauty : india 's new college , oxford , team beat york university 215-145 .
starter for ten : india lenon received what she described on twitter as ` quite extraordinary tweets ' after her appearance on university challenge .
following her performance on the show last night , she attracted a flood of comments on her twitter page , with one tweeter saying that even jeremy paxman was ` giving her the eye ' .
don ferguson , writing on twitter after india 's appearance on the show , tweeted : ` lenon is quite lovely ... this sexing up of educational tv on bbc is ridiculous .
` even paxman is giving the glad eye .
' the university challenge contestant , who is from london and in her early 20s , was so taken with the tweet she ` retweeted ' it .
she was also inundated with offers of dates by twitter followers asking her out for a drink , with one robin hosking even tweeting : ` amazingly hot .
i want to marry her ' .
even chloe madeley , richard and judy 's daughter , tweeted ` how hot is the girl on university challenge tonight ?
' - again retweeted by the university challenge contestant .
no conferring !
india lenon and her team-mates from new college , oxford , try to answer quizmaster jeremy paxman 's question .
glad eye ?
one twitter user thought that even programme host jeremy paxman was