a new set of stamps featuring characters from alice in wonderland is set to go on sale today to mark the 150th anniversary of lewis carroll 's classic children 's book .
the set features 10 scenes including the white rabbit , the mad hatter , the cheshire cat and alice herself .
award-winning illustrator grahame baker-smith was commissioned to design the stamps and to coincide with the launch , royal mail has collaborated with children 's publisher walker books to create a book based on the stamp artwork .
royal mail has commissioned a new set of stamps featuring characters from alice in wonderland to mark the 150th anniversary of the lewis carroll book .
award-winning illustrator grahame baker-smith was commissioned to design the stamps , which are set to go on sale .
the story of alice 's adventures in wonderland , tells the story of a young girl who falls down a rabbit hole into a fantasy world .
andrew hammond , director of stamps and collectibles at royal mail , said : ` the story of alice in wonderland remains a perennial favourite of children , and indeed adults , around the world .
` it is fitting that in its 150th anniversary year it is celebrated with a wonderful set of stamps featuring striking images that do justice to such an iconic tale .
' the story of alice 's adventures in wonderland , which was originally entitled alice 's adventures under ground , tells the story of a young girl who falls down a rabbit hole into a fantasy world .
it is thought that the character of alice may have been based on alice liddell , who struck up a friendship with lewis carroll when he was a don at oxford .
the story of alice 's adventures in wonderland , was originally entitled alice 's adventures under ground .
the character white rabbit is described as being always late in the books , so it is apt that he is the face of the new second class stamp .
the story of alice and the cheshire cat , pictured , was written down as a christmas gift by carroll to alice in 1864 .
the story came about as a result of a friendship between carroll , while he was a young don at christ church in oxford , and the children