chrissie hynde once attempted - and famously failed - to sing it in central perk on friends .
and now phoebe buffay 's smelly cat has been covered in a tribute video to mark the us sit-com 's 20th anniversary .
charlotte crosby , ella eyre and hip-hop duo rizzle kicks each take to the mic to perform lines from the catty tune , which first appeared in the one with the baby on the bus in 1995 .
phoebe buffay first performed smelly cat in the friends episode the one with the baby on the bus in 1995 .
charlotte crosby performed her segment with extravagant hand gestures and expressive facial movements .
they are also joined by bluey robinson and amelia lily , marking two decades since the soap first hit tv screens in 1994 .
geordie shore 's charlotte , 24 , warbles impressively during her segment of the song , kicking off the footage with the song opener ` smelly cat ' .
dressed in a pink top , the newly single 2013 celebrity big brother 2013 winner belts out her words with gusto , pairing her rendition with extravagant hand gestures and expressive facial movements .
x factor rejects jedward - without their trademark spiky hair - also get into the groove , showing off their rapping skills .
with her blonde hair in a side ponytail , former x factor contestant amelia lily sang her heart out .
brighton represent : hip-hop duo rizzle kicks fluff their line at first but get their act together for the second go .
while brighton-based hip-hop group rizzle kicks - famous for the hit song lost generation - look less than thrilled with the line : ` they wo n't take you to the vet .
' with her blonde hair in a side ponytail , former x factor contestant amelia lily sang her heart out .
the song smelly cat , was performed by ditzy phoebe buffay - played by lisa kudrow - in central perk , and it went on to be covered by chrissie hynde who appeared in the same episode .
it showed the pretenders front woman being taken through how to play the tune on guitar , with phoebe famously telling her she had got it wrong .
a host of british celebrities and singers , including bluey robinson , gave the