by .
mark duell .
published : .
15:45 est , 3 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
02:45 est , 4 november 2013 .
how 's this for a line-up ?
the guitarist has 78 fingers and 12 picks , the drummer has 21 sticks and six arms - and the keyboard player can flash multi-layered beams from its eyes .
mach , ashura and cosmo form z-machines - a three-piece rock band made up of robots - and they made for a scary sight while performing at an art and technology event in tokyo , japan .
the group , who made their debut live performance in july , were created by a group of engineers and academics at tokyo university , who hope they will one day be able to perform in space .
scroll down for video .
performance : guitarist mach and drummer ashura -lrb- back -rrb- , members of a robot rock band z-machines , at the technology event maker faire tokyo at the national museum of emerging science and innovation .
skilful : a boy plays a keyboard to control mach .
the band made their debut live performance last july .
rocker : guitarist mach has a computer screen and cables coming out of its head - which give the impression of long hair when it moves its head back and forth .
one video shows him playing at 1,184 bpm .
humans and robots : a man plays an electric guitar to control mach during the z-machines performance in japan .
they were pictured today during the two-day maker faire tokyo event at the national museum of emerging science and innovation , four months after their first live performance in the same city .
guitarist mach has a computer screen and cables coming out of its head - which give the impression of long hair when it moves its head back and forth .
one video shows it playing at 1,184 bpm .
and the idea behind keyboard player cosma projecting laser beams from its eyes is to give crowds a ` transcendental music performance ' .
drummer ashura can play four times faster than humans .
the robots -- who have been sponsored by zima , an alcoholic drink which rose to fame in the 1990s but is still popular in japan - are programmed to perform based