the grieving family of murdered hostage alan henning joined hundreds of mourners , including leaders of the muslim community , at a service of reflection last night .
the taxi driver 's wife barbara , and two children lucy , 17 , and adam , 15 , were embraced in emotional scenes at st mary 's church in eccles , manchester .
the rev cyprian yobera asked the congregation to have understanding even when ` our world seems to be infested by those who do not value life ' .
scroll down for video .
numb : barbara henning and her family hear tributes to alan henning at a service at st mary 's church , eccles .
he added : ` it is difficult at a time like this when we have to deal with tragedy that we can not understand .
everybody feels like they knew him , even those of us who never met him .
' the streets of eccles were transformed into a sea of yellow .
ribbons adorned with the words ` alan , our hero ' were fixed to every lamppost , bench and tree .
a cross in the town centre became a shrine for the laying of flowers in tribute to the kidnapped aid worker .
mrs henning , 45 , said that news of the killing had left the family ` numb with grief ' .
she praised her 47-year-old husband as a ` decent , caring human being ' whose ` interest was in the welfare of others ' .
the bishop of manchester , the rt rev dr david walker , described mr henning as a martyr who had paid ` the ultimate sacrifice ' for his good deeds .
united : a cross in the town centre became an impromptu shrine for the laying of flowers in tribute .
transformed : residents decorated the town with yellow ribbons -lrb- left -rrb- and laid flowers in memory -lrb- right -rrb- .
much-loved : the father-of-two , pictured , was a well-known figure in the town due to his tireless charity work .
he joined the mass outpouring of grief for the father-of-two who was beheaded by is militants on friday .
bishop walker said : ` the christian faith is centred around a man who did good , enormous good , and who actually paid with his life