ferguson officials have been accused of refusing to cooperate as it emerged police officers are still not wearing identification on patrol and city leaders are blocking the release of government documents .
authorities have vowed to tackle racial divisions in the city following the shooting of unarmed black teenager michael brown on august 9 .
but almost two months later , little progress has been made - and the department of justice is calling for action .
scroll down for video .
refusing to cooperate ?
ferguson police have been slammed as many have allegedly been covering or not wearing their identification tags .
meanwhile , the media is being charged hundreds to see public documents .
in a letter to the ferguson police department -lrb- fpd -rrb- on tuesday , the department said its own investigators have spotted officers without name tags and refusing to identify themselves to members of the public .
the practise violates fpd rules , the department pointed out , and is illegal in many states .
it added : ` the failure to wear name plates conveys a message to community members that , through anonymity , officers may seek to act with impunity ' .
just days later the letter was followed by a second on friday , as it emerged the first one had been ignored .
` it further was reported to us that some officers affirmatively displaying these bracelets had black tape over their name plates .
conflict : the department of justice has slammed officers for wearing ' i am darren wilson ' bracelets on duty .
unrest : the city had pledged to repair racial divisions in the city but two months later there is little progress .
` the practice of not wearing , or obscuring , name plates violates your own department 's policies , which we advised you earlier this week when we requested that you end the practice imrnediately .
' the second letter also addressed the news that officers were sporting ' i am darren wilson ' bracelets in an apparent show of solidarity to the man that shot michael brown .
now , leaders of the city council have also been accused of failing to cooperate as media requests for documents which could be free of charge have been met with bills for hundreds of dollars .
the associated press was charged