a group of artists have claimed responsibility for hanging three effigies of lynching victims around the university of california-berkeley campus this weekend .
the artists , who say they are a ` collective of queer black and -lrb- people of color -rrb- artists , posted a message on a campus bulletin board today saying that the images - which many students and faculty found deeply offices - were part of an art project .
the statement said the perpetrators are from the san francisco bay area - but does not state whether the people behind it are students .
scroll down for video .
` history must be confronted ' : the artists who hung effigies of lynching victims were largely unapologetic and remained anonymous in a note that claimed responsibility for the ` art project ' lynched figure : a cardboard cutout of a young man - believed to be 1911 lynching victim lawrence nelson - was found on campus at the university of california in berkeley .
the artists did not identify themselves , but said that the intention was to draw parallels between the 21st century police killings of michael brown and eric gardner and the 20th century lynchings by mobs in the south .
the aim , they said , was not to terrorize or intimidate .
` we apologize solely to black americans who felt further attack by this work .
we are sorry - your pain is ours - our family 's , our history 's , ' the note says .
campus police , who took down at last two of the three effigies over the weekend , told mailonline they are still investigating the incident .
lieutenant marc decoulode said that detectives have not yet identified the perpetrators .
however , if they find them , officers will refer the case to the district attorney 's office for charges .
cut-out : police are investigating the incident , in which another cut-out labelled laura nelson was found .
it had #ican ` tbreathe written on it - which is a slogan picked up by eric garner protesters .
unrest : protesters from berkeley - long a hotbed of liberal activism - have taken to the streets in recent weeks to protest the police killings of michael brown , eric garner and other black men .
` the statements does n't identify any