peter lawwell called it the ` le guen hump ' and for certain celtic players the chief executive 's words might be tweaked to read ` taking the hump ' .
it 's to his credit that , with typical candour , kris commons admits he had teething problems with the regime change that saw ronny deila walk into celtic intent on wholesale reform .
lawwell knew that by appointing the norwegian in the wake of neil lennon 's resignation he was taking a risk , and recently likened the gamble to rangers ' decision to install paul le guen in 2006 .
after a difficult start , kris commons has now build a strong relationship with celtic manager ronny deila .
the frenchman lasted barely six months at ibrox and departed in the wake of a dressing-room revolt .
yet , while the likes of kris boyd and barry ferguson actively railed against le guen 's methods , the resistance to deila 's changes was more subtle .
there was , however , bemusement that the club should seek to change the winning formula that had seen lennon land three titles in a row alongside consecutive qualifications for the champions league group stage .
having clinched the major player of the year honours and scored 32 times last season , commons more than most was perhaps entitled to feel his game had little need for refinement .
he readily admits to feeling unsettled by the changes that saw the former stromsgodset chief place a greater emphasis on fitness as he attempted to realise a high-tempo pressing game .
as with most human squabbles , communication has proved the key to a solution .
deila 's policy of regularly sitting down to speak individually with his players has given commons a right of reply and he has used it , returning to first-team prominence and signing a new contract last month .
commons has adapted well to the manager 's demands of his players to be physically fitter than before .
commons is likely to start the league cup final and has declared himself all in as deila bids to win his first trophy as celtic manager .
` it is always difficult when you feel like you 've come off a season doing really well then someone comes in and wants to change things , as he sees it