by .
james rush .
in a moment of calm before the storm , a priest blesses the runners and riders who are about to take part in an historic race that has been held in an italian city for hundreds of years .
the palio medieval race has been held twice a year , every year , almost without fail since the mid-1600s .
a total of 10 riders from siena 's 17 districts , or contrade , race bareback around the shell-shaped central square in the city in a bid to win the palio , a silk banner depicting the madonna and child .
a priest of the contrada of wolf leads a horse-blessing ceremony in the church of saint rocco prior to the palio horse race in siena .
the square is covered with sand named ` tufo ' before the racers take to the course .
the race has been held twice a year , every year , almost without fail since the mid-1600s .
supporters of the contrada of wolf attend a horse-blessing ceremony in the church of saint rocco prior to the race .
the competitors race bareback around the shell-shaped central square in the city in a bid to win the palio , a silk banner depicting the madonna and child .
before the race the horses are blessed in the church of the respective districts .
the only rule in the competition is that the jockeys must not grab the reins of their adversaries - whipping a rival 's horse or even knocking a jockey off his steed is allowed .
unsurprisingly , it is not uncommon for a number of the jockeys to be thrown off their horses as they navigate the treacherous turns .
victory goes to the first horse to complete three laps of the square , even if it arrives at the finishing post without a rider .
the palio held today is named palio di provenzano , in honour of the madonna of provenzano , who has a church in siena .
supporters gather round jockey luca minisini and his horse ozzastru of the onda -lrb- wave -rrb- parish during a blessing ceremony in a church , before the palio race .
jockey andrea mar , of contrada of wolf , prepares for the race at the horse-blessing ceremony in the church of saint rocco .
a