if you are 63 , have $ 600million in cash , have spent $ 160million on luxury goods and enjoy a round of golf - then you are probably part of one of the world 's most exclusive clubs that makes up only 0.0003 per cent of the population .
a typical billionaire also has two children , went to the university of pennsylvania , made their money on wall street and is planning celebrate new year 's eve on the carribbean paradise st barts .
the profile is based on a survey conducted by wealth-x on the world 's 2,325 billionaires - who share a combined wealth of $ 7.3 trillion .
scroll down for video .
trappings of wealth : while most people can only dream of owning a superyacht , many could be far more similar to the typical billionaire than they might imagine .
a map of the world 's billionaires shows the country with the highest is the us , while europe is the region that has most individuals worth more than $ 1billion .
a table showing the assets of a ` typical ' billionaire shows they have a net worth of $ 3.1 billion .
they have large social .
networks , with three of their friends or connections also being .
billionaires , and will normally travel to cannes film festival , royal .
ascot and the monaco grand prix throughout the year .
in .
the past year the world has experienced a veritable billionaire boom .
with 155 new individuals joining the mega rich club - a seven per cent .
jump since 2013 bringing the global total to 2,325 .
the average billionaire it turns out , is male , 63 years old , and took 45 years to hit the magic $ 1 billion mark .
they tend to be family-orientated with just under 90 per cent being married with an average of two children a piece .
billionaire boom : there were 155 new billionaires last year bringing global total to 2,325 .
by 2020 forecaster believe the figure will hit around 3,800 .
most .
billionaires - 68.3 per cent - are passionate about sport with outdoor .
pursuits like hunting , fishing , sailing and skiing top of the list .
one .
in thirty actually owns a sports team or a race horse .