courtney lawes could n't understand what all the fuss was about .
asked by a french journalist to explain the ` story ' of his sledgehammer tackle on jules plisson , the england lock was non-plussed .
` there 's not much of a story really , ' he said , in reference to the incident at twickenham last saturday .
` that 's just what i do .
' england lock courtney lawes made a trademark hit on france fly-half jules plisson .
lawes certainly made sure that ` le crunch ' lived up to its billing , but france were incensed .
two days later , it emerged that they had cited the northampton player , but the match commissioner was satisfied that the officials , led by referee nigel owens , had been right to take no action .
this episode generated enormous interest and debate , and served to highlight an issue that rugby is currently faced with ; how to find the balance between embracing its extreme physicality , or fretting about it .
footage of lawes levelling his opponent -- complete with countless replays -- was prominently displayed on the rbs six nations website and , as of thursday , it had received in excess of 963,000 ` hits ' -lrb- an appropriate term in this case -rrb- on youtube .
there is no doubt that monster collisions are part of the game 's box-office appeal .
the sight of huge men smashing each other and accepting the punishment with minimal complaint is one factor that sets the sport apart from most others .
but officials are also wary about being seen to glorify brutality , even when it falls within the laws .
concussion remains a hot topic .
the threat of legal intervention hangs heavy .
scrum sequences have been amended in the quest for greater safety .
rucking -- in terms of vigorous use of feet -- has been outlawed .
punch-ups are a fading phenomenon .
a crusade against so-called dangerous tackling continues ; so aerial contests for the ball have become a grey area of unrest and confusion .
the french players and public were incensed with the monster hit in six nations clash .
in the age of ` super slo-mo ' replays , acts of aggression such as the one by lawes appear worse or more impressive