by .
mark prigg .
at first glance , it looks like something from a sci-fi films - an entire nebula trapped inside a stone .
however , in fact the incredible object is an opal , found in oregon .
it was sold by auction house bonhams for $ 20,000 , described as ` suitable for mounting as a stunning and unique pendant .
' the breathtaking contra luz opal was found in oregon , which appears to have a nebula inside it .
the eagle nebula , one of the two largest and sharpest images hubble space telescope has ever taken .
` the clear , transparent crystal body having a fine , firey play-of-color that is gem quality , ' the auction house said .
contraluz is opal where you see the play of colors suspended inside by illuminating the back of the stone .
in most opal the light has to fall on the front of the stone to see the play of fire .
` the piece has a botryoidal jasper formation which forms a unique inclusion , ' bonhams said .
the ` nebula ' inside is caused by jasper , a microcrystalline variety of the mineral quartz .
it often contains an abundance of impurities , and therefore some regard it as a rock instead of a mineral .
weighing approximately 119.0 carats and measuring 46.0 x 44.0 x 10.1 mm , the stone was auctioned last year for $ 20,000 .
weighing approximately 119.0 carats , it measures 46.0 x 44.0 x 10.1 mm .
the opal was mined in opal butte , oregon .
the deposit at opal butte has been known since the late 1800 's .
opal is a hydrated amorphous form of silica , and its water content may range from 3 % to 21 % .
it is deposited at a relatively low temperature and may occur in the fissures of almost any kind of rock , being most commonly found with limonite , sandstone , rhyolite , marl and basalt .
the national gemstone of australia , which produces 97 % of the world 's supply , the internal structure of precious opal makes it diffract light ; depending on the conditions in which it formed , it can take on many colors .
precious opal ranges from clear through white , gray , red ,