by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
23:26 est , 16 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
06:09 est , 17 october 2012 .
a soft judge who repeatedly gave a career criminal a ` final chance ' to change her ways was finally forced to put the mother-of-one behind bars - for her 106th offence .
sundee spaulding , 25 , had avoided jail despite having more than 33 convictions for more than 100 theft-related and dishonesty crimes .
but she was finally given a 12-month prison term yesterday after judge carol hagen , who had previously given her numerous ` final chances ' , said spaulding had given her no other choice .
soft justice : mother-of-one sundee spaulding , 25 , left , was given numerous second chances by bristol based judge carol hagen , right , despite repeatedly re-offending .
behind bars : spaulding was jailed for 12 months for theft and a further six months for breaking a previous community order at bristol crown court .
she told spaulding : ` this is the end of the line for the time being .
i hope the future is not without hope .
' i hope when you are released you will be clean of drugs and that you will make a fresh start , but you have to be proactive .
' the notorious soft-justice judge gave drug-addicted spaulding a ` final chance ' in may and handed her a strict community order - despite the fact she had broken her supposed ` last chance ' given after another conviction .
finally jailed : mother-of-one sundee spaulding , 25 , had previously avoided jail for her crimes despite having more than 33 convictions .
but bristol crown court was told that .
she had failed to attend her rehabilitation appointments after only two .
months when she became homeless and began taking drugs again .
it was then that spaulding entered a lloyds pharmacy , in weston-super-mare , somerset , and stole cosmetic creams worth # 420 .
she was later identified by cctv and appeared before bristol magistrates ' court in october where she admitted the thefts .
robert reid , prosecuting , said : ` this defendant is 25-years-old and has a history of 104 offences , excluding those that come before you today .
` she made full