by .
damien gayle .
fat-fingered phone users rejoice !
a new kind of touchscreen text-entry software promises to improve typing accuracy while at the same time shrinking your keyboard .
minuum condenses all the letters in the alphabet down to one line on your device 's screen to eliminate visual clutter , while using complex maths to increase accuracy .
the team behind the app are seeking to fund the project through indiegogo , but its appeal has proved so great it has already nearly doubled its $ 10,000 goal - with 30 days left to go .
compact : minuum condenses all the keys on a traditional keyboard down to one line at the bottom of your touchscreen device , leaving acres of precious space left to view apps .
described as ` the little keyboard for big fingers ' , minuum shrinks the usual three column layout of qwerty keyboards down to one compact line at the bottom of the screen .
existing mobile device keyboard software often takes up much of the screen , meaning that users can barely see the software they are typing on .
the canadian team behind minuum say their software recovers more than half the usable touchscreen space taken up by traditional touchscreen keyboards .
further , they say their special .
algorithm allows for faster test entry , even when your typing is sloppy , .
while still providing easy access to special keys like numbers , .
punctuation and backspace .
innovative design : minuum earned its name from the way its keys are laid out in a row in what the developers call a ` continuum of letters ' and if that was not enough the app is so flexible the keyboard can even be moved around the screen allowing users to leave visible the bits of the display they are working on .
` your typing on mobile devices is inherently imprecise -- and there 's nothing wrong with that .
we work with that .
' say the developers on their indiegogo page .
` by reducing the keyboard to a single dimension , minuum opens up your touchscreen space for a variety of interaction possibilities -- which allows for precision-entry .
' minuum earned its name from the way its keys are laid out in a row in what the developers call a ` continuum