by .
john clarke and ryan gorman .
published : .
00:48 est , 24 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
01:22 est , 24 august 2013 .
an unemployed single mother that owed .
the city of chicago $ 105,000 in parking fines has reached a settlement .
involving the city and her ex-boyfriend .
. officials .
claimed jennifer fitzgerald owed $ 105,761.80 for 678 parking violations .
issued to a 1999 chevrolet monte carlo registered in her name - by far .
the biggest parking fine in city history - but have reached a settlement .
with her and ex-boyfriend brandon preveau .
fitzgerald .
fought the fines by arguing her ex-boyfriend registered the old car in .
her name and parked it at o'hare airport without her knowing .
all 678 .
tickets were issued and placed on the car without it ever being towed .
away , according to the chicago tribune .
revenge : brandon preveau , right , allegedly racked up thousands of dollars in parking fines in the name of his ex-girlfriend jennifer fitzgerald , left .
victim : ms fitzgerald was subjected to the prank after the end of her relationship with mr preveau .
the .
ruling requires preveau to pay a down payment of $ 1,600 and for .
fitzgerald to pay $ 78 a month for the next three years until the balance .
is settled , the tribune reported .
fitzgerald maintained while suing the city for relief of the fees that preveau .
bought the chevy from her uncle and registered it in her name before .
parking it in the employee lot at o'hare without her knowing , according .
to the tribune .
preveau works at the airport , the paper noted .
in .
addition to receiving abandoned car tickets , the jalopy was also .
repeatedly ticketed for improperly ticketed windows , not having a city .
parking sticker , expired plates and registration , cracked or missing .
windows and broken tail lights , according to the tribune .
` parties .
came together and worked out a reasonable resolution to this .
situation , ' city spokesperson roderick drew told the paper .
` by .
following the terms of the settlement , at the end of this three year .
period ms. fitzgerald will be able to