by .
sara nathan .
published : .
13:28 est , 19 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
13:45 est , 21 december 2012 .
sir paul mccartney 's ex-wife heather mills has sold her british beachfront home for # 2.75 million -lrb- $ 4.47 m -rrb- to superstar dj fatboy slim and his wife , dj zoe ball - as she continues to spend most of her time in austria .
the 44-year-old blonde , who is training to win a spot on the gb paralympic team for the 2014 winter games in sochi , russia , sold the stunning property to the dj , real name norman cook , and his wife - who already own a property on the same row in hove , east sussex .
the celebrity enclave boasts a string of celebrity residents , including singer adele and british comedian david walliams .
austria-bound : heather mills now divides her time between the uk and austria , where she trains for the winter 2014 paralympic games .
heather , who had her left leg amputated below the knee after a collision with a police motorbike in 1993 , is keen to compete in the winter 2014 games - and has already splashed out on two properties in austria .
she bought a # 1.5 million -lrb- $ 2.4 m -rrb- two-bedroom apartment inside the grounds of the five-star , 400-year-old schlosshotel velden , a former royal palace , in may this year .
and she already owns a # 1.4 million -lrb- $ 2.3 m -rrb- chalet near goldeck am millstätter see , in the austrian alps , which she uses as her base for her training .
the mother-of-one - who has a nine-year-old daughter beatrice with sir paul , 70 - put her eight-bedroom home stately country estate in the historic village of robertsbridge in east sussex up for sale for # 3.9 -lrb- $ 6.3 m -rrb- million last year .
however , she changed her mind and later withdrew it from the market .
new owners : dj fayboy slim , aka norman cook , and his wife , dj zoe ball , have snapped up heather mills ' home in hove , east sussex .
stunning : heather mills has sold her home in ` millionaire 's row ' in hove , east sussex , for #