by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
17:56 est , 17 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:22 est , 18 july 2013 .
a small colorado town concerned over government surveillance practices see an answer in drone hunting licenses .
deer trail , colorado -- population 500 -- is considering a permit that would allow its freedom-minded citizens to shoot down u.s. unmanned aircraft for cash rewards .
the seven-member town board will soon vote on the measure it hopes will be a real money-maker .
and though they see the licenses as a fun jab at the federal government , the resident who drafted ordinance is n't laughing .
not on my watch : deer trail , colorado -lrb- population 500 -rrb- is mulling the idea of instituting a town-sanctioned drone hunting licenses .
mayor frank fields demonstrates what the hunting might look like .
` to -lsb- them -rsb- , it 's a novelty , ' phillip steel , the man behind the idea told khgh .
` to me , i 'm serious .
' steel fears the country is becoming increasingly controlled by a government bent on controlling its citizens through surveillance and wants deer trail to stand out as an exception .
` we do not want drones in town , ' said steel .
` they fly in town , they get shot down .
' steel calls his ordinance ` very symbolic , ' but its anything but a vague gesture .
it was submitted complete with age restrictions , allowable ammunition types , and prescribed fee and reward amounts .
as per the ordinance : .
` the town of deer trail shall issue a reward of $ 100 to any shooter who presents a valid hunting license and the following identifiable parts of an unmanned aerial vehicle whose markings and configuration are consistent with those used on any similar craft known to be owned or operated by the united states federal government .
' ` i 'm gon na shoot it down , ordinance or no ' : phillip steel drafted the ordinance and is serious about drone-hunting licenses even if some town boardspeople are n't quite convinced .
drone 's eye view ?
an aerial shot of how a drone might see the town of 500 , though steel admits he 's never seen one