by .
jennifer madison .
last updated at 8:06 pm on 18th january 2012 .
a high school cheerleader who says she woke up from a nap stricken with tourette 's - like symptoms is speaking out for the first time - and demanding answers from the new york state department of health .
seventeen-year-old thera sanchez , appearing with her friend , katie krautwurst , 16 , on nbc 's today show , said she started the school year off like any other .
but her life dramatically changed the evening of october 7 .
the teenagers are among 12 girls at leroy junior-senior high school suffering suddenly from a mysterious disorder , which causes them to shake and tic uncontrollably .
doctors today said the outbreak of tourette 's was most likely caused by a rare ` conversion disorder ' otherwise known as mass hysteria .
scroll down for video .
medical mystery : thera sanchez , 17 , said she and 11 other girls at leroy junior-senior high school in upstate new york are suffering similar symptoms .
although the disorder is psychological , dr laszlo mechtler told the today show that the symptoms are real - but will fade with time .
conversion disorder can occur after a stressful and event and often also include numbness or blindess - but the exact cause is not known .
the girls and their mothers appeared on the programme , insisting the state department of health is n't giving them clear answers .
their daughters , close friends , described how their active school lives have been completely crippled by .
the onset of symptoms , including stuttering and verbal outbursts .
' i used to cheer every day , ' miss sanchez said .
' i used to go to two art classes every day .
now i 'm not in school .
' those things she says now are nearly impossible .
` i 'm very angry , i 'm very frustrated , no one 's giving answers , ' she continued .
miss krautwurst shares her .
frustration , and she said her family has not received any testing data .
from the school or the department of health explaining how 12 girls at .
the the same school were suddenly stricken with similar symptoms .
bright future : miss sanchez said she was on her