by .
jill reilly .
published : .
12:04 est , 1 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:58 est , 1 january 2013 .
spectators basked in sunshine today as london welcomed 2013 with a new year 's day parade that celebrated the city 's olympics glory .
organisers said more than 500,000 people had enjoyed the fair weather as floats , cheerleaders and brass bands marched through the centre of the capital .
the stars of the show were the olympic volunteers who welcomed the world to london in the summer and helped make the games such a success .
scroll down for video .
parade : spectators basked in sunshine today as london welcomed 2013 with a new year 's day parade that celebrated the city 's olympics glory .
in time : the 2013 parade signals the end of a year that saw london host the olympic and paralympic games and the queen 's diamond jubilee celebrations .
sparkling performance : members of the magical bolivia troupe perform as the travel along the road .
cleaned up : earlier in the day , 200 clean-up staff had cleared around 160 tonnes of rubbish from the streets of westminster following the capital 's new year 's eve party .
crowds were entertained by the pandemonium drummers , whose performance was one of the olympics opening ceremony 's highlights , and the games maker choir .
event organiser bob bone told sky news : ` we thought it was a fitting thing to ask them -lrb- the games makers -rrb- to come into our parade so that we could say thank you to them .
` but also we are looking forward as well as backward , because i think the games makers have shown that there 's a great volunteering spirit in this country .
smile for the camera : members of the all american cheerleaders and dancers ` starships ' pose during the 27th anniversary new year 's day parade .
focus : the stars of the show were the olympic volunteers who welcomed the world to london in the summer and helped make the games such a success .
steaming along : miniature steam engines drive along piccadilly .
a worldwide television audience watched as floats representing london 's boroughs competed with each other to bring festive cheer to the streets .
`