by .
becky evans .
published : .
14:15 est , 26 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
17:40 est , 26 november 2012 .
palestinians are working to rebuild a network of smuggling tunnels that were targeted during eight days of violence in gaza .
just days after a ceasefire was called between palestine and israel , workers were today trying to repair the network that is used to bring in food and arms from egypt .
experts estimate that as of yesterday about half of the network of hundreds of tunnels was still in use .
secret tunnel : a worker repairs a smuggling tunnel dug beneath the egyptian-gaza border in rafah , in the southern gaza strip today .
targeted : about half of the network of hundreds of tunnels are believed to still be in operation following eight days of violence .
workers , pictured , drag crates of sand as they try to repair the damaged tunnel .
repairs : residents along the egypt-gaza borders have today seen inspectors checking for damage in the tunnel network .
the associated press said people living along the egypt-gaza border today spoke of workers inspecting the damage but that many of the tunnels are still in operation .
while the tunnels are considered a lifeline to bring in vital goods such as fuel and construction materials into gaza , they are also used by hamas to illegally import weapons .
a report by the international crisis group estimated that between $ 500 and $ 700 million worth of goods are passed through the egypt-gaza tunnels each year .
they have been used to get goods into the gaza strip since 2007 when the israelis stepped up a blockade .
benedetta berti , a research fellow at the institute for national security studies in tel aviv , told usa today : ` you can smuggle weapons , have people going in and out .
security on the border and monitoring tunnels ... has to be done .
' photographs taken today show workers using sand , wooden planks and excavators to make urgent repairs to the damaged network , as international aid agencies also raced to replenish supplies to gaza 's 1.6 million residents .
resting : palestinians smoke cigarettes as they work inside a smuggling tunnel .
it is estimated between $ 500 and $ 700