asylum seekers and refugees applying to be minicab drivers are exempt from criminal records checks , potentially allowing murderers and rapists to get behind the wheel .
rules laid down by transport for london -lrb- tfl -rrb- mean refugees and those applying for asylum do not have to reveal whether they have a criminal history when trying to become a cab driver .
the legal loophole in an official application document on ` private hire driver licensing ' says people coming to britain will not be required to have their criminal convictions checked .
asylum seekers and refugees applying to be minicab drivers are exempt from criminal records checks .
the form , seen by the daily express , states : ` with regards to overseas criminal records checks , no such checks will be made in respect of those applicants who declare that they are in possession of or who have applied for refugee or asylum status .
' everyone else who applies for a cab licence must undergo criminal records checks .
those from outside the eu who have spent more than three months abroad over the last three years have to provide a ` letter of good conduct ' from their home country .
this usually requires their country of origin to give a reference to the home office , revealing whether the applicant has a criminal history .
but asylum seekers and refugees are exempt from this too , according to a second document .
a tfl guide on taxi and private hire applications states : ` any applicant who has been granted or is awaiting a decision to be granted asylum/refugee status will not be required to produce a certificate of good conduct from the country he is claiming asylum from .
' applicants from outside the eu must provide a letter of ` good conduct ' from their home country - but asylum seekers do not have to .
campaigners called for a change in the guidelines , calling on all minicab drivers to undergo thorough criminal checks .
tory mp nick de bois said : ` they should not be offering licences to those they ca n't check on .
they could be putting vulnerable members of the public in the hands of thieves , murderers and rapists .
it beggars belief .
' helen chapman , manager of london taxi and private