furious pensioners branded the launch of the government 's much-heralded bonds for over-65s a ` shambles ' the launch of the government 's much-heralded pensioner bonds was in chaos yesterday when a sales hotline and website went into meltdown within minutes .
huge demand for the high-interest investments for the over-65s caused the national savings and investments -lrb- ns&i -rrb- site to crash .
frustrated callers also found that a helpline was constantly engaged , with no queuing system or call back service .
experts last night claimed bosses had wildly underestimated demand for the bonds despite months of planning , while furious pensioners branded the launch a ` shambles ' .
telling savers not to panic , ns&i insisted the fixed-rate bonds would not sell out -- saying it would be several months before sales reach the treasury 's # 10billion limit .
but financial experts said they could go within weeks or even days , warning it could be a case of ` blink and you 'll miss them ' .
susan hannums , at comparison website savingschampion.co.uk , said : ` experts have been warning ns&i for months that demand for the long awaited pensioner bonds would be high .
` however , it seems these warnings have been ignored with insufficient measures to cope with demand .
` this is causing pensioners to panic that the bonds will sell out before they get a chance to apply .
' the treasury launched the eagerly-awaited bonds in a bid to help older people suffering from record-low interest rates on savings accounts .
a one-year bond offers a 2.8 per cent interest rate -- almost double the typically rate on the high street .
despite the problems , savers had taken out some # 270million worth of bonds in 26,000 separate transactions by 3.30 pm yesterday .
but the figures suggest that if demand remains steady the bonds could sell out within five weeks .
if pensioners continue to deposit an average of about # 10,400 each , then about one million of britain 's 11 million over-65s would benefit from the bonds before they run out .
martin lewis , founder of moneysavingexpert.com , said as few as 500,000 savers would be able to get their hands on the bonds if everyone used their maximum allowance .
sylvia waycot , of moneyfacts.co.uk , said : ` this