by .
sarah griffiths .
an incredible dinosaur track site with perfectly preserved footprints has been discovered in denali national park , alaska .
the footprints belong to herds of duck-billed dinosaurs called hadrosaurs , which thrived in the ancient high-latitude , polar ecosystem in the late cretaceous period between 100 and 66 million years ago .
they roamed the area in large family groups , travelling across the rugged terrain together .
an incredible dinosaur track site with perfectly preserved footprints has been discovered in denali national park , alaska .
one of the larger prints is pictured .
hadrosaurids , or duck-billed dinosaurs , are members of the family hadrosauridae .
the family includes lots of dinosaurs that were common herbivores in the upper cretaceous period between 100 and 66million years ago .
they lives in what is now asia , europe and north america .
they are descendants of the iguanodontian dinosaurs of the upper jurassic period .
hadrosaurs are known as the duck-billed dinosaurs because of the sim8ilarity of the shape of their heads to modern ducks .
the tracks show they travelled in large groups with babies travelling alongside much larger adults .
some of the footprints are so detailed that they reveal the creatures ' skin texture .
even tracks of bugs and worms can be seen .
the footprints were found by three palaeontologists in 2007 , when the upper cretaceous cantwell formation in the alaska range of denali had not been explored .
on the last day , perched precariously on the steep side of the mountain , anthony fiorello , of pernot museum , dallas , texas and paleontologists from the university of kansas and hokkaido university museum , were ` giddy -- somewhere between giggling and crying ' when they came across the wealth of tracks .
` without question , denali is one of the best dinosaur footprint localities in the world , but what we found that last day was incredible -- so many tracks , so big , and so well preserved , ' said dr fiorillo .
` the denali tracksite -lrb- pictured -rrb- is extremely significant to the reconstruction of this cretaceous high latitude polar ecosystem , dr stephen hasiotis of the university of kansas said .
` the hadrosaur tracks show specifically where they lived and how they acted as an extended family '