stuart lancaster insisted his england side is on track ahead of next year 's world cup following a forward-dominated win over australia at twickenham .
ben morgan and courtney lawes shone as england recorded their first win in seven attempts over the southern hemisphere 's big-three sides to leave australia without a test-match victory on their european tour .
george ford kicked 16 points while no 8 morgan claimed the man-of-the-match award and afterwards lancaster hailed his side 's powerful performance which went some way towards easing the pain of their opening qbe series defeats to new zealand and south africa .
chris robshaw -lrb- centre -rrb- celebrates victory with props david wilson -lrb- left -rrb- and kieran brookes .
stuart lancaster -lrb- second right -rrb- , with coaches -lrb- from left -rrb- mike catt , graham rowntree and andy farrell , believes the ` progression of key players ' proves england are on the right track for next year 's world cup .
asked if he thought his injury-hit side were on course ahead of the world cup , lancaster said : .
` absolutely .
it is always difficult going into an autumn series playing the world champions with limited preparation time .
` we felt we competed well .
we felt in the south africa game we actually generated the opportunities for them rather than the other way round .
` we have not got everything right by any stretch of the imagination , there 's still a lot of work to do .
ben morgan gives out a scream of joy after barrelling over the line to score england 's first try of the match .
the england scrum will cause michael cheika many sleepless nights in the coming months .
` but it feels better having won the last game .
in certain areas the progression of key players has been a real bonus for us .
we have got seven british lions missing at the moment and they are all getting back fit now so progress up front , the scrum was very good .
` look at the quality of the players missing from the pack : -lrb- joe -rrb- launchbury , -lrb- geoff -rrb- parling , -lrb- tom -rrb- youngs , -lrb- billy -rrb- vunipola , -lrb- alex -rrb- corbisiero , -lrb- dan -rrb- cole , -lrb- tom -rrb- croft .
what