by .
liz hull .
published : .
15:45 est , 5 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
04:16 est , 6 january 2014 .
commuters were facing a miserable return to work today after the christmas holiday , as the stormy weather wreaked havoc on the road and rail networks .
millions of workers and schoolchildren were due back at their desks this morning after the festive break but they were warned to expect closures , delays and cancellations as torrential rain and gales continue to batter the country .
the south of england , wales and coastal areas across the country are bracing for heavy rain and winds of up to 70mph for at least another two days , as emergency services attempt to cope with the trail of devastation caused by the worst atlantic storms in 20 years .
in worcester swans have taken over the streets after the river severn bursts it 's banks once more .
red sky in the morning : a rare moment of calm as a dramatic sunrise flooded malmesbury , wiltshire .
commuters were facing a miserable return to work today after the christmas holiday , as the stormy weather wreaked havoc on the road and rail networks .
shepherd 's warning : this was the dramatic red sky that greeted residents of warwick on sunday morning .
and , as the folklore goes , it had a warning for commuters returning to work .
an aerial view the worcestershire and gloucestershire countryside which is still under flood water , as britain braces itself for more floods at the start of the new year .
from above : an aerial view the worcestershire and gloucestershire countryside which is still under floodwater , as britain braces itself for more floods .
no running : worcester racecourse is still under water in the city centre as the country is swamped by flooding .
wide view : another aerial view the worcestershire and gloucestershire countryside which is still under flood water .
surrounded by water : tewkesbury abbey in gloucestershire remains dangerously close to the flood water .
three people have died and hundreds .
of homes have been flooded as huge swathes of the countryside disappear .
below water , while waves of more than 40ft have pounded coastal areas .
almost 300 flood warnings and alerts are in place ,