by .
claire bates .
published : .
09:02 est , 18 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:36 est , 18 january 2013 .
hiv has been turned against itself in the laboratory in a breakthrough that could permanently quash the virus that leads to aids , say scientists .
a researcher in australia worked out how to modify a protein in the virus , so that it instead provides strong , lasting protection from the infection .
` this is like fighting fire with fire , ' david harrich from the queensland institute of medical research , in brisbane said .
` if this research continues down its strong path , and bear in mind there are a many hurdles to clear , we 're looking at a cure for aids .
' hiv budding in human lymphatic tissue .
the breakthrough could keep the virus in a latent state in the body .
associate professor harrich invented the ` nullbasic ' protein by mutating an existing hiv protein .
he said it has shown remarkable abilities to stop the virus replicating in a lab environment .
animal trials are due to start this year .
' i have never seen anything like it .
the modified protein works every time , ' he said .
` you would still be infected with hiv , it 's not a cure for the virus .
but the virus would stay latent , it would n't wake up , so it would n't develop into aids .
with a treatment like this , you would maintain a healthy immune system .
' the successful development of this type of one-off treatment would also have economic implications .
hiv patients must take a regime of drugs for the rest of their lives once their immune system is compromised , which can be a significant financial burden .
indeed , a study released by imperial college london has suggested patients should start taking antiretrovirals as soon as they are diagnosed as this could slow the damage to the immune system .
the latest research has been published in the current issue of human gene therapy and marks three decades of work by harrich .
current anti-retroviral medicines suppress the replication of hiv by blocking the enzymes hiv uses to replicate itself .
associate professor harrich has been researching hiv for