by .
james nye .
a man has died at a utah spin-off of the iconic burning man festival after appearing to run into a ceremonial bonfire on saturday night .
the man who has not been identified was too fast for bystanders to stop as he sped into a burning 30-foot tall effigy built to represent a character from the book ` where the wild things are .
' the apparent suicide at the element 11 off-shoot of burning man in tooele county happened around 11 pm after the art project was set on fire .
scroll down for video .
prior event : element 11 is part of the series of events that leads up to burning man in black rock , nevada and just like that famous event - effigies are burnt -lrb- the one pictured is not the effigy that the deceased approached -rrb- .
` the nature of the fire is such that our volunteers were not able to get close enough to the fire for risk of their own safety , ' said element 11 spokesman j.p. bernier .
element 11 hosted more than 1,200 attendees and is a precursor to the famous burning man , held in held in black rock city , nevada .
` he was very fast ; he was very motivated .
it was n't an accident or any act of negligence on anybody 's part .
he had a very deliberate objective to get past our volunteers , past our safety perimeter .
' grantsville police confirmed that a man had died , but would not confirm it was suicide nor his identity .
effigy : the theme for this years element 11 is where the wild thins are ' many at the event on saturday night were left distraught by what they saw , including a photographer named christian who spoke to deseret news .
' i did see that a lot of the community was shocked and traumatized , ' he said .
` there 's a lot of questions , a lot of facts that are unknown .
' officials said there were between 25 and 40 volunteers forming a perimeter around the fire to prevent people from getting too close .
precursor : element 11 comes before the massive burning man festival - which plays host to tens of thousands of people .
those