by .
jonathan o'callaghan .
a pair of trousers found in a chinese graveyard might just be the oldest ever found .
the clothing is thought to date back a staggering 3,000 years , and despite the fact the ancient apparel has undergone considerable wear and tear , it still looks remarkably intact .
the find was made along with a host of other clothing items in the yanghai tombs in china 's vast tarim basin .
what are thought to be the world 's oldest trousers -lrb- pictured -rrb- have been discovered in one of the yanghai tombs in china 's tarim basin .
the trousers are made of three bits of cloth , one for each leg and one for the crotch , stitched together .
a woven decoration is also visible on the trousers , thought to have been used for horse riding .
the trousers , which could actually date up to 3,300 years old , are thought to be the oldest ever discovered .
a new paper by ulrike beck and colleagues of the german archaeological institute in berlin suggests the invention of trousers is linked to horseback riding .
finds , such as the one reported at the yahghai cemetery , highlight fragments of woollen trousers dating back to the 13th and 10th centuries bc .
the age of the trousers corresponds to the known age of horse riding , which is thought to have begun up to 4,000 years ago .
` together with horse gear and weapons as grave goods in both tombs our results specify former assumptions that the invention of bifurcated -lsb- split into two parts -rsb- lower body garments is related to the new epoch of horseback riding , mounted warfare and greater mobility , ' wrote the researchers .
` trousers are essential parts of the tool kit with which humans improve their physical qualities .
' they signify a period when people needed new clothing for horse riding .
older clothing such as robes and togas were not suitable for riding , leading to the rise in popularity of trousers .
the finding was reported in a paper for the quaternary international .
` this new paper definitely supports the idea that trousers were invented for horse riding by mobile pastoralists , and that trousers were brought to the tarim basin by horse-riding peoples , ' linguist