a swedish couple were mistaken for islamic state supporters when passers by mistook the birthday balloons in the window saying ' 21 ' as ` is ' - an abbreviation for the terrorist group .
they were in the window for sarah ericsson 's birthday party held at her boyfriend 's house last weekend according to kvalls posten , who reported the police came knocking on monday .
someone then saw the balloons from outside fabian akesson 's home in karlskrona and reported it as islamic state propaganda .
birthday surprise : swedish couple sarah ericsson and fabian akesson were suspected of being islamic state supporters when passers-by mistook the birthday balloons saying ' 21 ' in the window for ` is ' he was brushing his teeth when he noticed several police cars parked outside the house before there was knock on the door minutes later .
mr akesson added : ' i laughed about it and even showed them a picture that we took .
and from that perspective , it looked almost like the letters ` is ' .
' despite the huge misunderstanding , the couple were still asked to take down the balloons to avoid further attention being drawn to their house .
birthday girl sara - who studies spatial planning at the blekinge institute of technology - told the local : ` it was a little strange .
' ` we understand why someone would report it if they thought it looked like is-propaganda , although everyone else just thought it looked like the number ' 12 ' from outside , ' she was in class on monday when the authorities paid a visit to her boyfriend 's house , in what was a very unusual call-out for police in the area .
misunderstanding : sarah ericsson -lrb- pictured with fabian akesson -rrb- said she found the whole thing ` strange ' officer kurt erik gunnarsson said : ` i 've never heard of such a thing before .
it was new .
the patrol got there and found out that someone had celebrated their 21st birthday .
' ` extremism should always be taken seriously , and we did take the balloons down immediately , ' sarah ericsson told the local .
` i 'm so surprised at all the attention .
i will never forget my 21st birthday !
'