double grand national-winning jockey carl llewellyn has somehow been invited back on to the same cheltenham preview panel on which he made a vile racist comment .
llewellyn was fined # 1,500 by the british horseracing authority , axed as a jockey club racecourse host and interviewed under caution by gloucester police after inexcusably telling an audience of 140 punters at famous racing pub , the hollow bottom that ` there are no n ***** s in here because hugh -lrb- the owner -rrb- does n't allow them in .
' minister of sport helen grant called his remark ` horrific ' .
jockey carl llewellyn has been invited on to the cheltenham preview panel despite his racist comment .
llewellyn , assistant trainer for nigel twiston-davies , apologised and after his bha disciplinary he said : ` i 'm very aware that any success i 've had in racing brings with it responsibility .
on that evening i failed to live up to that responsibility .
' yet despite the huge sensitivity around racism in sport , the hollow bottom is staging its pre-cheltenham festival event with exactly the same cast list as last year -- including llewellyn .
the decision will exasperate those trying to change racing 's often insular attitude but pub owner hugh kelly said : ` it 's entirely appropriate carl is on the panel .
he has paid his dues so why should n't i employ him .
' a bha spokesman said : ` this issue was dealt with at the time .
we can not tell the hollow bottom how to conduct their business .
' rory mcleod , the only british muslim on the snooker circuit , was wearing a waistcoat logo badge bearing the initials isis in his match against ronnie o'sullivan in the welsh open , causing a furore on social media .
mcleod explained that accountants isis business solutions - rather than an islamic terror organisation - had been his personal sponsors for 14 years .
rory mcleod caused a social media furore with the initials of his sponsor reading isis at the welsh open .
mcleod clarified that the badge referred to ` isis business solutions ' - his long-term sponsors .
david beckham 's relationship with sir alex ferguson has thawed somewhat since the infamous boot-in-the-face incident was followed by his transfer to real madrid .