by .
david kent .
cristiano ronaldo watched from the bench as real madrid lost to roma in their latest pre-season friendly on tuesday night .
francesco totti 's strike after the break proved to be the difference in texas as carlo ancelotti 's side struggled without their talisman , even though they had world-record signing gareth bale on the pitch .
the match was interrupted towards the end by a pitch invasion as fans tried to meet their heroes and take ` selfies ' with them .
video scroll down to watch gareth bale looks on as 20 fans invade pitch for selfies .
no substitute for class : cristiano ronaldo was left out of the real madrid team to take on roma .
wing wizard : but gareth bale -lrb- left -rrb- was unable to prevent his side losing to the italians .
waiting game : ronaldo has yet to fully recover from the injury that hampered his world cup .
roma : skorupski , florenzi , benatia , castan , cole ; nainggolan , keita , pjanic -lrb- de rossi 65 -rrb- , iturbe , totti -lrb- borriello 71 -rrb- , ljajic .
goal : totti 58 .
real madrid : casillas , carvajal , pepe , ramos , coentrao , illarra , alonso -lrb- medran 65 -rrb- , modric -lrb- mascarell 73 -rrb- , bale -lrb- sobrinho 73 -rrb- , isco , lucas .
approximately 20 fans , mostly young men , appeared to overwhelm the security officials before they were rounded up and removed from the pitch .
madrid enjoyed the bulk of the possession at the cotton bowl but could not find a way past the stubborn italian defence .
the winner arrived just before the hour mark when totti allowed the ball to run for alessandro florenzi before sweeping home the return ball .
roma nearly doubled their advantage a minute later , but adem ljajic failed to convert .
bale started for the spanish giants but struggled to make an impact as ancelotti awaits the return of world cup stars james rodriguez and karim benzema .
stop right there : police officers approach a fan that ran on to the field with a palestine flag .
snap happy : a fan that made it on to the field takes a selfie with real madrid 's isco .
give us a hug :