by .
luke salkeld .
published : .
04:44 est , 12 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
19:18 est , 12 june 2012 .
yours for less than # 1million , an entire row of cottages ... with one very large street light .
perched on the top of a cliff , the five properties boast south-facing gardens and sea views .
but there is one snag -- you will probably need extra-thick curtains because there 's a fully-operational lighthouse and helipad on your doorstep .
awesome view : four of the five cottages date back to 1938 with the last built around 1970 .
clifftop : the five properties can be seen , right , next to a helicopter launch pad and a lighthouse which is now unoccupied .
the cottages situated on st ann 's head on the south west tip of pembrokeshire in wales used to be used as accommodation for lighthouse keepers .
but they have been empty for over a decade since the lighthouse became automated .
consisting of four three-bedroom houses and one with two bedrooms , the whole row is on the market for # 950,000 .
they are currently owned by trinity house corporation , which maintains all of the functioning lighthouses in england and wales .
amy thomas , of cardiff-based chartered surveyors cooke and arkwright , said : ` this is a fantastic opportunity to purchase a property in a unique and idyllic coastal location .
` they offer a perfect opportunity for someone looking for a renovation project .
' it would be the perfect hideaway for anyone who has sung along to the song : ' i want to marry a lighthouse keeper ... ' the terrace of cottages has been lying empty for a decade and they are being sold by trinity house who run all the lighthouses in england and wales .
they have been given a list price of # 950,000 .
the two lighthouses on the section of coastline have been electrified since 1998 .
estate agent amy thomas said : ` it is a fantastic opportunity to purchase a property in a unique and idyllic coastal location .
` the cottages were previously used to house the lighthouse keepers and their families , looking after various lights along the pembrokeshire coastline .
lighthouse keeper 's properties with a sea view