by .
ian drury for the daily mail .
the publication of a government report into the muslim brotherhood has been delayed amid fears the findings will upset britain 's allies in the middle east .
david cameron ordered the investigation into whether the hardline egyptian political group should be classified as a terrorist organisation .
the prime minister asked sir john jenkins , the uk 's ambassador to saudi arabia , to carry out the inquiry after coming under pressure from gulf states including egypt and saudi arabia to ban the group .
scroll down for video .
a downing street spokesperson said the report would be released publicly in due course .
the senior diplomat was tasked to look at whether the muslim brotherhood was plotting attacks in the middle east from britain .
but the report has concluded that the group should not be outlawed in britain -- alongside high-profile islamist extremist group al-muhajiroun -- because there was little evidence members were involved in terrorist activities .
however , concerns about a backlash from middle east allies led ministers to stall publication for several weeks , according to the financial times .
one well-placed source said : ` sir john will say that the brotherhood is not a terrorist organisation .
the saudis and emiratis will then be very upset with us .
' a downing street spokesman said : ` the prime minister asked government officials to look at what the muslim brotherhood stand for , how they intend to achieve their aims and what that means for us in britain .
` that work was completed at the end of july .
work now is now going on across government to consider the implications of its findings .
we have said we will make the findings public in due course .
' since the report was commissioned , the uk has become concerned about financial support for the islamic state , the islamist fanatics formerly known as isis , which has reportedly used private money from the gulf to over-run parts of syria and iraq .
the muslim brotherhood , which dates back to 1928 , was once egypt 's oldest , best organised and most successful political movement .
the muslim brotherhood 's leader mohamed morsi was elected president of egypt during the arab spring but was then deposed and jailed last year in