a pair of protesters who came all the way from new jersey to des moines , iowa to lodge a protest against their state 's governor , chris christie , were thrown out of saturday 's iowa ag summit after they yelled that christie had n't done enough to help victims of hurricane sandy .
organizers of saturday 's iowa ag summit warned audience members that they would be escorted out if they caused a scene .
police quickly tossed the pair , including lisa stevens , whose sign claimed ` thousands of families ' were still displaced from their homes .
joe mangino , a man standing with her , barked , ' i will not shut up !
' christie had told an activist in october at a belmar , new jersey town hall meeting about post-hurricane rebuilding to do just that .
` my people follow me everywhere , ' christie quipped to event organizer bruce rastetter as the protesters were marched to the exit and hundreds applauded .
` i 'm magnetic , bruce , ' he said .
` they ca n't stay away from me .
' scroll down for video .
defiant : chris christie dismissed hecklers on saturday in des moines , iowa who came 1,000 miles to complain about families still displaced more than two years after hurricane sandy .
exit , stage left : lisa stevens held a sign reading ` governor christie : thousands of families still not home after sandy ' before she and joe mangino were quickly escorted out .
` and i think you understand that i 'll deal with you the same way here as i deal with you in new jersey , ' he told the protesters .
as the pair left the auditorium , christie said that ` it really is a wonderful country that people can do that .
' stevens ' sign read , ` governor christie : thousands of families still not home after sandy .
' hurricane sandy was an historic 2012 storm that ravaged america 's mid-atlantic coast , killing 12 in new jersey and causing more than $ 20 billion in damage overall .
mangino said outside that sandy 's aftermath forced him to abandon his home , and that he and his family have moved three times since then .
tens of thousands in the garden