everyone who comes to britain should know how to speak english , labour ed miliband has warned as he admitted labour made mistakes on immigration .
the labour leader admitted that in the past his party had been ` too timid ' about making clear that for communities to live together they must use a shared language .
but the tories said there was nothing in mr miliband 's plans to act to reduce the number of people moving to britain , after net migration hit 298,000 in a year .
scroll down for video .
ed miliband admitted that in the past his party had been ` too timid ' about making clear that for communities to live together they must use a shared language .
mr miliband pledged a new crackdown on illegal exploitation of migrant workers , promising a home office task force to boost prosecutions and fines on bad employers .
speaking in wirral west - a marginal seat held by the tory employment minister esther mcvey - the labour leader said exploitation drives low skilled migration and holds down wages for british workers .
his new unit of 100 staff will bring together people from the gangmasters licensing authority and specialist police units , together with additional home office enforcement staff .
the unit will be empowered to investigate abuse and be challenged to increase prosecutions and fines levelled against employers who break the rules .
but he also warned that migrants must learn to speak english , especially in key services like the nhs .
mr miliband said : ` our communities are changing fast but we do n't cope with change by closing our doors to each other and living our lives in separate worlds .
` instead we must find a way to live together across communities .
' a britain where people of all backgrounds , all cultures , all religions , can practise their own faiths but also come together to forge a common identity .
` but we can only build this shared society if we speak the same language .
' in his speech in pensby , northern england , mr miliband insisted that there was an ` epidemic of exploitation ' he said his own parents had learned to speak english after arriving from belgium in 1940 .
` it is why i believe in a simple