a celebrity personal trainer jumped off beachy head after losing her job and having problems with her girlfriend , an inquest heard yesterday .
angie dowds , 42 , sent a text in her final moments at the notorious sussex suicide spot saying : ` my heart is broken ; my spirit is broken ' .
at the time of her death last november , presenter davina mccall , who she appeared on hit itv show the biggest loser with , led tributes to her .
she said : ` rest in peace angie dowds .
so so sad .
' tragic suicide : angie dowds was a health guru on itv show the biggest loser .
the inquest heard that miss dowds had drinks and drugs in her system , a combination described as ` severely toxic ' , when she threw herself off the cliff .
her gp said she had experienced ongoing addictions to alcohol and drugs and had taken overdoses and made a number of suicide threats in the past .
the award-winning fitness guru had contact with mental health services and had refused treatment at one point .
after her death , it was revealed that local health services had neglected to book an outpatient 's appointment for her after she declined treatment .
it was put down to an ` administrative error ' initially , but a ` serious untoward incident ' inquiry has since begun into what happened .
yesterday , her brother kevin dowds accused doctors of letting down his younger sister .
shocking death : miss dowds jumped from the cliffs at sussex beauty spot beachy head .
health expert : ms dowds with presenter davina mccall and fellow trainer richard callender on the biggest loser .
he said : ' i feel she 's been failed .
letting her decide whether she continues with mental health does n't seem .
appropriate to me .
' heartache : ms dowds had gone through another break-up earlier the same year .
he also vowed to further investigate the failure to book the appointment .
in the days and weeks prior to her death , miss dowds told friends and family she was worried about having lost her job .
she was also concerned about where to .
live as she did not intend to continue living with her girlfriend edwina .
benson