by .
joshua gardner .
published : .
19:43 est , 11 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
02:51 est , 12 march 2014 .
a small canada town has a very interesting rite of spring : every year thousands of male garter snakes emerge from their dens and pile onto the females in writhing ` mating balls ' dozens of snakes strong .
the red-sided garter snakes of manitoba winter together in mass pits where their incredible numbers make the sites the largest gatherings of snakes on the planet .
when things warm up and the snakes get moving , the first thing on their minds is to mate -- and they do that en masse as well in a incredible , if stomach turning , display .
scroll down for video ... creepy !
the red-sided garter snakes of manitoba winter together in dens that can have over 10,000 individuals .
frenzied : each year the smaller males emerge first from their dens when warmth finally comes to the canadian plains .
they wait eagerly outside the dens by the thousands for the females to come out of their hibernation .
the best place to spot these mating balls is in the narcisse snake dens of manitoba , canada , where the cbc took this stunning footage of the event .
each year , the smaller males emerge first from their caves when warmth finally comes to the canada plains .
they wait by the thousands outside the dens until slowly and just by ones and twos , the significantly larger females emerge .
no time to lose : once the females slowly start to emerge , the males pounce .
clamoring males pursue a female by the dozens .
scent of a woman : the females eventually shake the males by rolling until they fall off , but the males still try to pursue her as her sex pheromones drive them mad .
dozens of males twist and turn around each female 's body in a frenzied attempt to mate .
the mating balls are a tightly wound group of males with one female at the center .
when she decides she 's had enough , the female detaches from the males in a sort crocodilian death roll .
a single red-sided garter snake den , and the ensuing sexual display , can contain up