by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
20:30 est , 1 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
21:56 est , 1 february 2014 .
england cricketer kevin pietersen has opened a luxury hair salon which focuses solely on haircuts for children .
england cricketer kevin pietersen has opened a luxury hair salon which focuses solely on haircuts for children .
the salon , called bella and beau , opened yesterday in notting hill in west london .
the batsman and his wife , pop star jessica pietersen , have spent thousands on their unique vision , with furnishing based around the preferences of their three-year-old son dylan .
furnishings include a new york-style .
taxi , a harley davidson , an aeroplane and a giant toy firetruck , all of .
which are there for the entertainment of children frequenting the store .
a trim for a toddler will cost # 25 , while an eight year old will be charged # 40 for the same service .
children .
can have their hair cut sitting in the various toys throughout the .
store , like a toy car , as well as being provided an ipad to distract .
them while they get the cut .
in addition , there is a large fish tank full up with 30 sea horses to calm the young children .
the .
owners and collaborators in the venture have been very vocal about the .
project on twitter , keen to create a presence in the competitive high .
class hair salon market .
jessica pietersen told the sun : ` it 's an expensive venture , so i hope it works .
' i wo n't be cutting hair , and definitely not kevin .
' mitchell johnson of australia bowls out kevin pietersen of england during day two of the fourth ashes test match between australia and england .
kevin pietersen 's cricketing career has hit a snag in recent weeks , with the 5-0 ashes defeat causing the relationship between him and the ex-england coach , andy flower , to break down .
england officials have stressed that flower 's decision to leave as coach of the test team was not connected to the breakdown of the relationship with the batting star , but nevertheless , he will have a major say in what happens