manchester city manager manuel pellegrini has admitted for the first time he could be sacked if he finishes outside the champions league places this season .
pellegrini 's side face west ham united at the etihad stadium on sunday with their top four prospects hanging in the balance .
the premier league champions have lost four of their last five games and pellegrini said : ` you are wrong if you think that , at this club , you are out if you do n't win the title .
manchester city midfielders frank lampard and david silva take part in a training drill on saturday .
city will hope striker sergio aguero can add to his tally of 25 goals this season against west ham .
` -lrb- but -rrb- if we miss out -lrb- on the champions league -rrb- then maybe it will be different because that would not be the same thing .
` if that happens , the analysis of the season will be different .
not to play in the champions league is a disaster .
' the mail on sunday can reveal that city have already talked to borussia dortmund manager jurgen klopp two years ago , when they were seeking to replace roberto mancini .
in the end they rejected his flambouyant approach in favour of pellegrini .
with six matches left and the top-four positions still up for grabs , city are keeping their options open .
the club are not guaranteeing the manager will survive but it does not appear they have already made up their mind to sack him as they did two seasons ago with mancini .
their strategy was always to allow pellegrini to continue until the end of his three-year contract in 2016 and then try and lure pep guardiola from bayern munich , whose own deal will be coming to an end in germany .
manchester city manager manuel pellegrini wants a reaction from his players after the derby mauling .
veteran goalkeeper richard wright shows off his handling skills to current city no 1 joe hart .
manchester city manager manuel pellegrini has come under fire following their title race capitulation .
however , dismal defeats at burnley and crystal palace have placed serious question marks about pellegrini 's ability to motivate his top players .
yaya toure and vincent kompany have endured poor seasons ,