former president george w. bush made an unannounced visit to the 9/11 museum on sunday where he walked in silent contemplation among the exhibits .
bush , who was in office during the terrorist attacks 13 years ago , spent an hour at the ground zero site in lower manhattan .
he arrived at 6pm , while the museum was still open to the public , accompanied by his security team .
scroll down for video .
former president george w bush is pictured at the 9/11 museum in new york city on sunday evening , the first time he has visited the center .
onlookers said that former president george w bush arrived quietly at the 9/11 museum on sunday night and spent an hour look at the exhibits .
he reportedly was particularly taken with ` the final column ' -lrb- pictured in stock image from may 2014 -rrb- .
according to the new york post , some fellow museum visitors recognized the former commander-in-chief but respectfully did not approach him .
bush shook hands with police officers at the site and appeared moved by what he had seen , according to one cop .
in particular , the former president , spent time viewing the final column - the last steel beam removed from ground zero at the end of the nine-month recovery effort in 2002 .
the artifact is covered in pictures of the fallen along with messages of hope and love from emergency responders and rescue crews .
it was president bush 's first trip to the museum at ground zero .
he was noticeably absent from the national september 11 memorial & museum dedication in may which was attended by president obama and former president bill clinton .
instead , bush 's office issued a statement saying he and wife laura ` thank all those who played a role in creating this inspiring tribute , and we send our best wishes to those gathered to dedicate it ' .
the september 11 attacks on the u.s. claimed the lives of 2,996 people .
a few days after two planes crashed into the world trade center in lower manhattan , bush stood on top of rubble on the site , and using a bullhorn , reassured americans .
that bullhorn is in the museum as part of a loan from the the bush presidential library