george osborne was challenged 18 times yesterday to explain where the next tory government would find the extra # 8billion it has promised the nhs .
during tense exchanges with the bbc 's andrew marr , the chancellor repeatedly ducked questions about exactly how the massive cash boost would be paid for .
mr osborne said it would come from the conservatives ' ` balanced plan ' for the economy , but declined to go into further detail .
scroll down for video .
chancellor george osborne and labour deputy leader harriet harman , appearing on bbc1 's the andrew marr show .
in one exchange , mr marr said : ` you 've just found an extra # 8billion .
all i 'm asking is where does it come from ?
no higher taxes , extra public spending cuts ?
where ?
' mr osborne replied : ` well it 's part of our balanced plan .
and if you look over the last five years ... ' but mr marr interjected : ` that 's not really an answer , chancellor .
' harriet harman was left squirming yesterday after ` posh ' george osborne revealed on the andrew marr show that they had attended the same # 21,000-a-year private school .
she went to st paul 's girls ' school in west london while mr osborne attended the boys ' school .
during tense exchanges with the bbc 's andrew marr , the chancellor repeatedly ducked questions about exactly how the massive cash boost would be paid for .
mr osborne insisted , however , that the conservatives had shown in government that they were able to make the savings necessary to deliver additional funding for the nhs .
migrants will have to pay in more than # 20,000 in taxes before they receive access to the benefits system under tory plans .
home secretary theresa may said the new rules would end welfare tourism and make the uk less attractive to eastern european migrants .
new arrivals will be banned from claiming benefits until they have paid into the system for four years .
the plan to ensure that they have to pay # 22,600 in tax and national insurance before they can claim a penny will be part of the tory manifesto .
european job hunters would be denied unemployment benefits and forced to leave