by .
annabel fenwick elliott .
the worst job in america is that of a lumberjack , according to a new ranking of the american job market .
and the best is a mathematician , with an average salary of over $ 100,000 , says careercast , which takes into account a combination of factors including income , environment , growth opportunity and stress .
following close behind lumberjacks , who earn a pitiful $ 24,000 a year , the most .
awful occupation of 2014 is that of a newspaper reporter , and then an .
active military personnel , while being a university professor and then a .
statistician were found to be the next best jobs .
happy camper : mathematicians , university professors and dental hygienists ranked amongst the best jobs of 2014 , according to careercast , in terms of salary and overall job satisfaction -lrb- stock image -rrb- .
in contrast , being a university professor or a statistician were found to be among the best jobs .
being a whiz with numbers in today 's job market provides a wide range of well-paid opportunities , according to mathematician jessika sobanski .
` whether it 's new product sales , a start-up business model or an established tv station , for example , everything is based on numbers , ' she says to careercast .
tenured university professors , though a .
difficult role to score , enjoy highly rewarding careers , while software .
engineers and computer systems analysts thrive in an ever-expanding .
market where they are in high demand .
woeful job : just behind lumberjacks , newspaper reporters and broadcasters were ranked as having some of the worst jobs in 2014 , thanks mainly to the changing face of the media .
somewhat interestingly , dental hygienists come in at number six on the best jobs list , gifted with competitive salaries averaging $ 70,210 and flexible working hours , despite dentists historically having the second highest -lrb- after doctors -rrb- suicide rate of any profession in the u.s. .
other healthcare roles in the top ten best jobs list include ear doctors , occupational therapists and speech pathologists .
as for the .
worst jobs in the u.s. , a number of unsurprising roles cropped up , .
including taxi drivers at number four , garbage collectors at number