these extraordinary pictures show what is believed to be britain 's cheapest house - which is on the market for just # 7,000 .
27 noel street , in gainsborough , lincolnshire , is in a state of utter disrepair - with many rooms covered in rubbish and others with extensive fire damage .
the victorian terrace was targeted by arsonists in july 2013 .
no one was hurt in the fire and there are yet to be any arrests .
the home has two bedrooms , running water , gas , electric and mains sewer connection and is listed on right move .
number 27 noel street in gainsborough , lincolnshire , is thought to be britain 's cheapest house - and is on the market for # 7,000 .
pictured is the rubbish-strewn kitchen .
one of two bedrooms inside the victorian terrace house , which has extensive fire damage .
the property was targeted by arsonists in july 2013 and luckily , no one was hurt .
another of the rooms in the property - with old carpets and broken furniture scattered across it .
the home does come with a brick outbuilding and rear yard , however .
it comes complete with a rear yard , a brick outbuilding and double glazed windows .
the kitchen , complete with a smashed up acoustic guitar , has no oven , but does include a stained fridge .
the adjoining front room has boarded up windows and an upturned sofa set amongst dirty duvets and crumbling plaster .
images of the upstairs reveal heavily fire-damaged bedrooms with filthy stains covering most of the walls .
meanwhile .
the bathroom , which features a toilet with no seat and painted a garish .
purple , is optimistically described as having ` three piece suite .
comprising panelled bath and pedestal wash basin , mid flush w.c. , single .
radiator .
' the front-facing living room of the terraced house - which comes complete with boarded-up windows , an upturned sofa and piles of rubbish .
the property 's particulars claim the bathroom , pictured , it fitted with a ` three piece suite , mid flush wc and a single radiator ' the rather small back yard of the house complete with brick outbuilding , right .
other properties on the street are valued at up to #