by .
harriet arkell .
a vicar who went on a rowing pilgrimage from dorset to cornwall and back is believed to have drowned after he was found dead on a beach near his wrecked boat .
the body of reverend bob thorn , 59 , was washed up on a beach near seatown , just five miles from his parish of burton bradstock , dorset , on monday , shortly after his damaged rowing boat was found nearby .
the popular clergyman was on a three-month sabbatical when he rowed a 10ft wooden boat from his home in dorset to cornwall last month on a religious pilgrimage .
popular dorset vicar , the reverend bob thorne , 59 , is believed to have drowned while rowing home from cornwall .
he is believed to have been rowing the 150 miles back to his parish along the south coast when he got into trouble .
police and coastguards searched a 50-mile stretch of coastline from west bay in dorset to teignmouth in devon after the empty and damaged timber boat was washed ashore .
after several hours of searching , the vicar 's body was found in a small cove a few hundred feet along the beach from where his boat was discovered .
officers say they are not treating the death of mr thorn , who was married to jean , also a priest , and had four children , as suspicious .
a post-mortem has yet to be carried out .
mr thorn , rector of the bride valley benefice , which covers eight churches , was a keen rower who undertook long spiritual voyages , a tradition started by celtic christian monks in the sixth and seventh centuries .
before he left the clergyman had asked his parishioners to pray for his safe return in a parish newsletter , saying : ` when i say , please pray for me , i .
have to say that i would love sunny skies and warm , helping breezes , but .
they are not for you to ask .
the married father of four was the vicar of burton bradstock , dorset , and well-known in the community .
coastline : the vicar was found a few hundred yards from his boat in a cove near seatown , west dorset .
` they .
will be as they