by .
michael zennie .
and associated press reporter .
the tropical storm that is threatening to ruin fourth of july celebrations on the east coast has north carolina residents battening down the hatches and preparing for a hurricane .
tropical storm arthur has maximum sustained winds of nearly 60mph and is currently roaring up the eastern seaboard , headed for the outer banks of north carolina .
authorities on wednesday issued a hurricane watched for much of the north carolina coast from the bogue inlet near jacksonville to the oregon inlet near kill devil hills .
a tropical storm watch is in effect for parts of florida and south carolina .
the national weather service predicts that arthur will strengthen into a hurricane by tomorrow - just as millions of americans prepare to head to the beach for the long independence day weekend .
scroll down for video .
moving north : tropical storm arthur is 100 miles east-northeast of cape canaveral , florida , and traveling at about 6mph .
hurricane watch : residents along the outer banks of north carolina - a popular holiday tourist destination - were warned to be prepared for a hurricane .
the storm will bring coastal flooding , rough surf , thunderstorms and heavy .
downpours from the carolinas to new england on friday , with the worst of the weather expected to hit the outer banks of north carolina early on independence day .
rains are expected to drench most of the interstate 95 corridor during the holiday commute on thursday , as well .
` right now it 's predicted to be a .
strong tropical storm , possibly a hurricane as it moves through the .
outer banks .
and that 's going to cause a lot of problems for people to .
get out onto some of those roads and beaches out there , ' accuweather senior meteorologist paul walker told mailonline .
the atlantic hurricane season 's first named storm plodded off florida 's coast but was n't yet spooking too many in the storm 's potential path .
' i think everybody 's keeping one eye on the weather and one eye on the events this weekend , ' said joe marinelli , president of visit savannah , the city 's tourism bureau .
as of 8am today , arthur was centered about 100 miles east-northeast