virtual reality has so far been the domain of video games and rollercoasters .
however , samsung has revealed a revolutionary 360 camera is claims could revolutionise the way we communicate by allowing us enter a real time virtual world anywhere the camera is set up .
the system will work with its wireless gear vr system , which is set to go on sale in december .
scroll down for video .
the samsung beyond uses 17 hd cameras to capture a 360 field of view .
the samsung beyond uses 17 hd cameras to capture a 360 field of view .
it offers full 3d reconstruction in all directions , using stereo camera pairs combined with a top-view camera to capture independent left and right eye stereo pairs .
project beyond uses patent-pending stereoscopic interleaved capture and 3d-aware stitching technology to capture the scene just like the human eye , but in a form factor that is extremely compact and can be set up anywhere .
samsung plans to use the device to capture events and places around the world for -lsb- purchasers of its gear vr system .
` teleport to the places and events you always wanted to see .
be anywhere , ' it said .
` today we offer a sneak preview of project beyond , the world 's first true 3d 360 ˚ omniview camera , ' think tank , samsung 's us research arm , said .
` beyond captures and streams immersive videos in stunning high-resolution 3d , and .
allows every user to enjoy their viewing experience in the way they see fit .
` it offers full 3d reconstruction in all directions , using stereo camera pairs combined with a top-view camera to capture independent left and right eye stereo pairs .
project beyond uses patent-pending stereoscopic interleaved capture and 3d-aware stitching technology to capture the scene just like the human eye , but in a form factor that is extremely compact .
samsung 's $ 200 gear vr headset is needed to view the images - along with a note 4 tablet .
the camera system can stream real time events , as well as store the data for future viewing .
the innovative reconstruction system recreates the view geometry in the same way that .
the human eyes see , producing unparalleled 3d perception .
project beyond