by .
james rush .
published : .
08:02 est , 2 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:00 est , 2 december 2013 .
from replica guns which look shockingly realistic to knives and even a homemade axe , this collection reveals just some of the items confiscated in london schools by teachers over the last three decades .
artist and teacher guy tarrant collated the items during his time working as a school teacher in the capital .
he has now put the items on display in an exhibition alongside a range of other artefacts including games , keepsakes and cult toys .
from a replica gun to a homemade axe , these are just some of the .
confiscated items collated by teacher and artist guy tarrant during his .
time teaching in london .
artist and teacher guy tarrant collated the confiscated items over the last three decades while working as a school teacher in london .
while the display reveals the frightening collection of weapons taken into schools across london , many of the items are of a more light-hearted nature .
most of the weapons on display were taken from emotional , social and behavioural difficulties schools from across the city .
from homemade playthings such as pen tubes used as pea shooters , toy guns and colourful plastic toys to jewellery , make-up , gadgets and improvised missiles , the confiscated list also offers a glimpse into how pupils distract themselves from studying while at school .
mr tarrant said : ` the items on display have been held by the schools concerned for a long time and all pupils were given the opportunity to claim back their goods at specified times but chose not to do so .
the display includes this tennis ball used as ` fire bomb ' by year 10 boys in 1997 .
-lrb- left -rrb- and a collection of knives used by year 10 and 11 boys in 1999 .
-lrb- right -rrb- .
the items on display also include a ` death star ' taken from a year 8 boy in 1997 -lrb- left -rrb- and a hair extension , which was pulled out in a fight , taken from a year 9 girl in 2004 -lrb- right -rrb- .
` different schools have their own .
behavioural and discipline rules and policies regarding