manchester city emphatically overcame their curse at sunderland with a 4-1 victory .
an early goal from connor wickham gave gus poyet 's side the lead but sergio aguero equalised immediately before stevan jovetic put city ahead .
defender pablo zabaleta got the third before aguero found the net for his second .
here 's how the players rated at the stadium of light : .
sunderland -lrb- 4-1-4-1 -rrb- .
costel pantilimon 5.5 .
beaten four times but hard to blame him for what were a collection of brilliant finishes .
santiago vergini 5.5 .
for a full back , he 's actually quite enjoyable to watch and thinks nothing of dropping a shoulder and out-witting a winger at his own game .
defensively he remains suspect and was caught cold for aguero 's second .
john o'shea 6 .
aguero targeted coates and that pays a compliment to o'shea , who has been outstanding of late .
he tried his best to organise against city 's star-studded offence but that was a tough ask .
john o'shea -lrb- left -rrb- had a difficult evening for sunderland against manchester city and sergio aguero -lrb- right -rrb- .
sebastian coates 5 .
league debut for black cats and the last player he wanted to be facing was aguero .
he was skinned for the striker 's equaliser and his rustiness showed against top-quality opponents .
anthony reveillere 5 .
has been in brilliant form since his free-transfer arrival last month but he found it tougher against navas and struggled badly at times .
lee cattermole 6 .
not as devastatingly disruptive as he was against chelsea -- although that would have been a tall order to repeat -- but still got through his usual work with minimum fuss .
will buckley 5.5 .
he huffs and puffs but does n't really blow any defences down .
puts a shift in nonetheless .
more quality needed though .
jack rodwell 5.5 .
a little subdued and did not stamp his mark like sidekick larsson .
still struggling to make an impact since his # 10m move from city in the summer .
jack rodwell struggled to impress for sunderland against his former team at the stadium of light .
seb larsson 7 .
enjoyed exploiting gaps in behind city 's backline with cute passes early on and was at the heart