the best way to outsmart ryanair 's pricing policy is to book ten days before your flight departs , it was claimed today .
economics professor claudio piga said he has researched the low-cost airline 's flight costs - and found passengers booking their trip at least seven weeks in advance pay more .
but the keele university expert also found that fares are raised by between 50 and 75 per cent in the last few days before departure , meaning last-minute bargain hunting is not the best method .
claim : the best way to outsmart ryanair 's pricing policy is to book ten days before your flight departs .
mr piga claimed low-cost airlines know some people will regularly book early because they have to travel on a certain day , reported sunday times social affairs editor nicholas hellen .
and to avoid complicating business when people book flights at the last minute , the airlines want late bookers to know that they will face price rises .
the professor described prices from low-cost airlines as being on a ` u-shaped temporal profile ' , with best value available ten days before take-off .
he realised that the price of seats on flights went up by around 3 per cent every time one was sold .
getting on board : an expert realised that the price of seats on flights went up by around 3 per cent every time one was sold .
but a ryanair spokesman told the sunday times that the research was ` hopelessly inaccurate ' .
` ryanair 's lowest fares are sold on a first come , first served basis and rise only as quickly as the low fare class are sold in the six months prior to departure ' ryanair spokesman .
he added : ` ryanair 's lowest fares are sold on a first come , first served basis and rise only as quickly as the low fare class are sold in the six months prior to departure .
' mr piga will present his findings at the royal economic society conference in manchester this week .
in a previous similar study in 2003 , the expert claimed that passengers who book early do not always get the cheapest seats on low-cost airlines .