a man accused of shooting his former boyfriend and business partner at a gas station outside minneapolis was arrested after a month on a run thursday when a concerned citizen saw him peering at the drive-thru fast-food menu on foot , police said .
lyle ` ty ' hoffman was arrested near an arby 's restaurant in shakopee after police were summoned to check a report of a suspicious man , shakopee police chief jeff tate said in a statement .
he was arrested without incident .
` people get tired of running , and people are relieved to get caught , ' chief deputy john kirkwood , of the ramsey county sheriff 's office , told the star tribune .
hoffman , 44 , is charged with one count of intentional second-degree murder in the august 11 shooting death of kelly phillips , an attorney and a vice president for the medical device company boston scientific .
on the run : lyle hoffman was on the run for a month before police caught him at an arby 's parking lot just south of minneapolis .
police found the fugitive at this at arby 's restaurant in shakopee , minnesota .
phillips was a respected gay-rights activist and upstanding citizen known for his charm and infectious smile .
` it really has n't set in yet , ' the victim 's mother , judy phillips , told wcco after the capture .
` but i would imagine it would be some closure , not entirely because i do n't know if we 'll ever get over this .
but we are awfully glad he is off the streets and that there 's no more harm done to anybody .
' hoffman had been the subject of several massive searches in the minneapolis area in the weeks since , including two around the anoka county airport in blaine and one around the mystic lake casino south of shakopee .
cops said he may have been relying on social media to find shelter while on the run , .
evading capture by using craiglist and other dating apps such as grindr .
and scruff .
he also was suspected of a bank robbery in the weeks following the shooting , at the tcf bank in blaine on aug. 30 .
witnesses said phillips had stopped at a gas station about two blocks