it is the most coveted award in hollywood - reducing winners and losers in equal measure to tears when the iconic gold statue is handed out .
but even the stars who do n't win a oscar at this weekend 's ceremony wo n't go home empty handed .
a los angeles-based marketing firm will be handing out gift bags worth $ 45,000 to all the nominees and presenters at the prestigious event on sunday night .
luxury consolation : in the goodie bag is a $ 12,000 choice of holiday between lizard island in australia or el questro homestead in mexico .
known as swag bags , among the items .
included are trips to hawaii and mexico , personal training .
sessions , condoms , a bottle of tequila , cosmetic treatments , and a one-year membership to london 's heathrow airport 's .
private vip service .
the confirmation of condoms in this year 's gift bag has raised eyebrows amongst some .
high fashion tennis shoes : $ 850.00 carlitos brand is a new line of tennis shoes hand-illustrated by jeanette longoria .
each nominee will receive one pair of limited edition shoes -lrb- $ 350 -rrb- plus a gift certificate for a one-of-a-kind customized pair -lrb- $ 500 -rrb- .
stylish electric cigarettes .
losers will be able to satisfy their nicotine cravings with a set of $ 40 njoy electric cigarettes .
gleener the ultimate fuzz remover is part of the pack to ensure that the next time the loser is nominated they look their best .
a limited edition dan duff artwork is included in the $ 45,000 goodie bag for those who do not walk home with an oscar .
this year 's goody bags also include a $ 12,000 trip to australia , a .
$ 600 acupuncture appointment and a package of 10 personal training .
sessions valued at $ 850 from marketing firm distinctive assets .
in addition there are circus lessons for the nominee 's children .
worth $ 400 are also included , as well as a $ 5,000 face-lift procedure .
they will also be given free hair .
care products by phyto , skincare cosmetics by lierac and , at the lower end of the scale , a $ 1 bottle of .
windex glass cleaning fluid .
the prizes only can be used by