by .
jack doyle .
published : .
07:17 est , 19 july 2012 .
| .
updated : .
02:06 est , 20 july 2012 .
britain is in the grip of a pickpocketing epidemic as eastern european gangs descend on london ahead of the olympic games .
a surge in sneak street thefts means more than 1,700 people fall victim every day -- an increase of nearly a fifth in only two years , according to official crime figures released yesterday .
at the same time , police warned that professional gangs from romania , lithuania and even south america who operate in capitals across europe are heading to britain , intent on cashing in on unwitting tourists at london 2012 .
how they do it : a member of the pickpocket gang approaches a bbc reporter investigating the rise in thefts ahead of the olympics .
keeping him occupied : the man speaks to the victim on the pretense of needing directions while another gang member approaches from behind .
a bbc investigation exposed the .
tactics used by romanian thieves , who were previously operating in .
barcelona , to dupe their victims .
the .
criminals boasted of their ` one-second ' theft techniques which leave .
targets unaware that anything has happened until it is too late .
they .
can make # 4,000 a week taking wallets , smartphones and laptop bags .
the .
goods are then shipped back to romania and sold on the black market .
scotland .
yard has made more than 80 arrests already and warned thieves the .
capital will be a ` hostile environment ' in the coming weeks .
the .
met has even drafted in a team of romanian police officers to deal with .
the problem and patrol in the west end of london and westminster during .
the games .
they will not have arrest powers .
distracted : an accomplice -lrb- left -rrb- then plays drunk so he can get close enough to the target to strike .
sleight of hand : the ` drunk ' man jostles around with the bbc reporter , making it harder for him to notice what is going on .
rich pickings : the sneering thief walks away with the wallet from the unsuspecting victim .
teamwork : the thief quickly hands the wallet to