retired commander : lord west of spithead said russian espionage had soared to a ` worrying ' level .
russia has deployed a fleet of spy trawlers off the british coast to intercept military communications , one of britain 's most senior retired commanders said yesterday .
lord west of spithead said russian espionage had soared to a ` worrying ' level as president vladimir putin ordered more acts of ` provocation ' .
equipped with hi-tech surveillance , the converted fishing boats have been seen in the international waters of the north sea by nato aircraft .
lord west , a former first sea lord , said the cold war tactic was designed to gain intelligence on britain 's nuclear missiles and warships .
he said : ` it was quite a tense business during the cold war and now it is winding up again and it is very worrying .
they seem to have ... increased espionage , which raises tension .
' lord west spoke out as moscow mobilised the country 's entire northern fleet to full combat readiness .
in a show of strength , putin deployed 45,000 troops , more than 56 warships and submarines , and 110 aircraft for training across the country and into the barents sea -- dwarfing nato military drills which will be held off scotland next month .
lord west , a military grandee , said the five-day drills were a ` knee jerk ' reaction to a similar nato operation announced by prime minister david cameron on friday .
britain and 11 other nato countries will contribute to the joint warrior exercise designed to send a signal to moscow in the face of continued aggression -- but with a force strength of less than a third .
the operation -- which was hailed by the government as one of the largest land , air , and sea training exercises run in europe -- will feature just 12,000 military personnel .
defence secretary michael fallon said the exercise , involving 58 warships and submarines , 50 aircraft and 3,000 land forces would show the world how ` powerful ' nato was .
lord west said of putin 's mobilisation : ` it is clearly a knee jerk reaction to the fact we are about to do that exercise ... and it raises escalation .
lord west of spithead said russian