by .
jessica jerreat .
published : .
10:58 est , 13 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:24 est , 13 august 2013 .
a 12-year-old boy is fighting for his life after developing a rare infection caused by an amoeba attacking and eating his brain .
zachary reyna fell critically ill after playing on a knee board with friends in a ditch near his labelle , florida home .
if he recovers from the infection caused by the brain-eating amoeba he will be only the four person to have survived .
fighter : zachary reyna is in intensive care after contracting a rare infection from a deadly amoeba .
risks : zachary is being treated in hospital , above , for an infection only three people are known to have survived .
the single cell naegleria fowleri or brain-eating amoeba , lives in warm fresh water and attacks the brain after entering the body through the nose , according to naples news .
in the past 50 years only 31 have contracted the rare primary amoebic meningoencephalitis -lrb- pam -rrb- infection , and only three have survived so far .
` he can be number four .
that 's what we 're hoping for , for him to be number four , ' zachary 's brother , brandon villarreal , said .
the family first noticed there was something seriously wrong with zachary after he slept for a whole day after playing with friends on august 3 .
at first they thought he had a 24 hour virus , but soon realized there was something seriously wrong with the usually active , baseball loving child .
vigil : the family of the 12-year-old , pictured with his sister , are staying by his bedside .
he became sick after playing in a ditch with friends .
' i wish i could just touch him and it would transfer over .
it do n't work like that , ' brandon told abc7 .
` it 's just tough to see him like this .
' primary amoebic meningoencephalitis is as rare as it is horrific .
it is caused by an amoeba that implants itself in its victim 's brains - usually when infected water shoots up their nose .
the amoeba grows in the sediment at the bottom of pools of warm , stagnant water and