by .
kerry mcdermott .
published : .
06:54 est , 17 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
11:49 est , 17 october 2012 .
andrew marsh , of rochester , kent , who denies rape and indecent assault .
a husband used facebook to track down a man who allegedly raped his wife as a schoolgirl after she broke down and told him about her ordeal , a court heard .
the alleged victim 's spouse confronted andrew marsh , now 38 , by pretending to plan a surprise party for his wife via the social networking site .
married greengrocer marsh , of rochester , kent , was arrested and charged with raping the woman in an alleyway 10 years ago when she was a schoolgirl and he was 27 , after her husband convinced her to finally report the historic alleged rape to police .
maidstone crown court heard the .
alleged victim - who can not be named for legal reasons - only entrusted .
her husband with the rape claims during a talk about the lack of .
intimacy in their relationship .
she .
told him she had a relationship with marsh which had started as just .
cuddling and kissing after school but ended with him allegedly raping .
her against a wall .
the .
court heard the frightened girl went home and told no-one of the alleged .
abuse until she broke down and told her husband last year .
the jury was told that the wife .
feared her marriage was on the verge of collapse and eventually told her .
husband marsh 's name because he kept ` badgering ' her .
her .
revelation prompted her horrified husband - who also can not be named - .
to use the social networking site to speak to old friends and track down .
marsh 's phone number .
he .
contacted the alleged rapist and visited him at his home where he .
attacked him .
police were then alerted to the rape allegations , the .
court heard .
the jury heard the alleged rape .
victim says she had never thought about telling the police about her .
claims until her husband encouraged her to do it .
the alleged victim told the court : ' i did n't want to tell him who he