mario balotelli 's late winner against tottenham on tuesday night ensured that liverpool have picked up more points since christmas than any other premier league side .
brendan rodgers ' men are the only unbeaten team in the games played since december 25 , winning six times and drawing twice .
that run of form has seen them pick up an impressive 20 points from a possible 24 , a tally which would have them two points above arsenal at the top of the table had the season started on boxing day .
mario balotelli slots home liverpool 's winning goal in their 3-2 victory against tottenham on tuesday night .
liverpool 's win took them to 20 points since christmas - the highest amount of any premier league side .
the reds would be top of the premier league table if the season had started on boxing day .
the gunners took their post-christmas points tally to 18 with a home win against struggling leicester on tuesday , after first-half goals from laurent koscielny and theo walcott proved decisive .
arsene wenger 's men have suffered two defeats - at southampton and tottenham - but have won each of their other games to move into fourth place in the premier league table .
arsenal would be second if the season had begun on december 26 , with spurs and southampton filling the remaining two champions league places .
despite defeat at anfield , mauricio pochettino 's men have picked up 16 points from a possible 24 - the same amount as ronald koeman 's saints .
arsenal winger theo walcott celebrates his winning goal against leicester at the emirates on tuesday .
harry kane , pictured scoring against liverpool , has helped tottenham pick up 16 points since christmas .
chelsea and stoke , who face champions manchester city on wednesday , both have 14 - totals which would have them sat fifth and sixth in the table .
daley blind salvaged a draw for manchester united at west ham on sunday and that point sees louis van gaal 's men on 12 points since christmas , just one more than crystal palace .
the eagles have been in fine form since the appointment of alan pardew last month and have won three of their four top-flight games since the former newcastle boss took charge at selhurst park .