manx sprinter mark cavendish is considering taking legal action after alexander kristoff accused him of ` crashing on purpose ' during stage one of the tour de france .
cavendish tried to sprint for the line to claim his first ever leader 's yellow jersey in his mother 's hometown of harrogate but he went for a gap that was not there and brought down simon gerrans .
but milan-san remo winner kristoff claimed that it was ` not the first time ' cavendish had done things like this before .
down and out : mark cavendish crashed during stage one of the tour de france in harrogate .
critical : norwegian rider alexander kristoff has accused cavendish of crashing deliberately .
carnage : the sprinter has been accused of ` crashing on purpose ' by norwegian alexander kristoff .
video cavendish out after crash .
and cavendish 's agent , simon bayliff , confirmed that the manxman was considering suing the katusha rider .
he said : ` he -lrb- cavendish -rrb- has has no idea where kristoff is coming from .
' i would normally say it 's best just to let some things go , but this is libellous and we are considering legal action .
' cavendish was not penalised by any officials for the crash and no .
but kristoff compared cavendish to footballer luis suarez , who was banned for biting italy 's giorgio chiellini during the world cup , and said his actions appeared deliberate .
kristoff said : ` suarez was banned for biting people in soccer and to me it looked like he crashed on purpose .
my fault : cavendish has taken the blame for causing the crash but he says it was not deliberate .
legal action : cavendish 's agent says the manxman is considering legal action over the accusations .
' i hope he calms down .
` at 60 kilometres per hour it is really dangerous and you might hurt people .
` so it is n't good of him .
in an uphill sprint you sometimes lose a little control over your bicycle .
it 's not the first time he has done this .
i hope he will calm down in future .
` he 's an excellent sprinter , but it looks like he 's losing his head sometimes .
' sprint star