by .
daniel martin .
published : .
20:13 est , 6 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
03:04 est , 7 february 2014 .
ukip could force the tories into third place in next week 's by-election in the manchester constituency of wythenshawe and sale east .
a poll by former tory treasurer lord ashcroft suggests labour will comfortably retain the seat vacated by the death of former minister paul goggins .
it puts labour on 61 per cent , up 17 points on the 2010 general election result .
but ukip , led by nigel farage , comes second on 15 per cent -- 12 points higher than in 2010 .
david cameron on a visit to the benchill area of wythenshawe in 2007 : ukip could force the tories into third place in next week 's by-election in the manchester constituency of wythenshawe and sale east .
this edges ukip ahead of the conservatives on 14 per cent , down from the 26 per cent the tories garnered in 2010 , when they came second .
the poll shows the lib dems trailing on just 5 per cent .
ex-tory donor lord ashcroft said : ` ukip have more than quadrupled their vote share in the constituency since 2010 -- but if there is to be a surge to take the seat it is either very late or a long way below the radar .
' ` not surprisingly , those who have switched to ukip -- largely but by no means exclusively from the tories -- are more likely than most to say they are voting tactically ... or as a protest .
' boarded up shops in wythenshawe in 2002 : a poll by former tory treasurer lord ashcroft suggests labour will comfortably retain the seat in the run-down area vacated by the death of former minister paul goggins .
despite labour 's huge lead , the poll shows only a minority of voters in the constituency , 43 per cent , would prefer ed miliband to david cameron as prime minister .
in fact , a quarter of labour voters -lrb- and more than half of ukip supporters -rrb- say either that they are satisfied with mr cameron or they prefer him to the alternative .
one in five labour voters say they trust the prime minister and chancellor george osborne more