by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
08:44 est , 30 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:39 est , 30 october 2013 .
for most teenagers it seems their parents were put on .
this world to embarrass them .
from kissing in public , to using the latest slang , children across the country are united by their parents ' toe-curling antics , a study shows .
the new ` cringe index ' , compiled by television station gold lists the worst things parents can do to mortify their children .
patsy and eddie , played by joanna lumley and jennifer saunders in the bbc 's hit sitcom , absolutely fabulous , constantly embarrassed eddie 's daughter with their outrageous clothes .
copying your child 's dress sense came in tenth on the cringe index .
topping the embarrassment list for children is an unexpected sex scene .
cropping up during a movie when they are watching a film with their parents .
in fact the survey , which was conducted as part of the research for new sitcom you , me & them , showed the .
mere mention of sex is enough to get the nation 's youths running for cover .
public displays of affection between their mother and father .
also had many of the 2,000 respondents squirming .
in third place was parents trying to ` get down ' with the latest text slang , using words like ` omg ' or ` lol ' or ` yolo ' -lrb- you only live once -rrb- .
not far behind was discovering ` dodgy histories ' on your parents ' computer .
watching sex scenes on tv with parents .
discussing sex .
parents using slang like yolo , omg and lol .
parents kissing in public .
fathers ' mid-life crisis .
mum reading fifty shades of grey .
embarrassing swimwear and cycling gear .
drunk parents .
discovering dodgy search histories on parents ' computers .
parents copying child 's dress sense .
clothing is another minefield for parents and copying your son 's or daughter 's dress sense will have them dying with shame .
parents should also beware the midlife crisis - fathers buying spandex to wear on their flash new bike caused 30 per cent of children to .
recoil in horror .
a parent