the reign of cats and dogs has arrived , as both saturday and sunday saw a huge success for our four-legged friends .
the reign of cats and dogs has arrived , as both saturday and sunday saw a huge success for our four-legged friends at an event that aimed to adopt out dogs and parade famous cats .
the two day event took place at bicentennial park on glebe foreshore , in the inner west sydney , new south wales , where dogs from rspca and 12 other animal shelters were matched with their perfect owner on saturday and rulers of the cat world strutted their stuff on sunday .
on saturday 1,500 people travelled to bicentennial park for the rescue me canine event that began at 10am till 2pm .
a spokeswoman for rspca told daily mail australia said it was a huge success that saw a lot of foot traffic .
` there was a yum cha stand , a new york pastrami deli , mr whippy and a coffee truck ... everyone was really happy .
' ` it was a great day - in total 50 dogs were adopted - we had 10 dogs from the rspca that were adopted , ' she said .
the spokeswoman said a lot of the dogs were cross-breed but some breeds did particularly well with the crowds .
` the grey hounds did really well - five of them were adopted , ' she said .
` cattle dogs also did well - adopting out four of them .
' as for the rest of the dogs that were left behind , they will be going back to their rescue shelters waiting for someone to take them home .
cats have also been celebrated by new south wales rspca , with the international cat film furstival in that park on sunday night at 6pm .
this feline event , stemmed from the globally-toured internet cat video festival , showcased the rulers of the cat world on big screen , as cat lovers gathered to watch famous internet cats strut their stuff .
the two day event took place at bicentennial park on glebe foreshore , in the inner west sydney , new south wales , where dogs from rspca and 12 other animal shelters were matched with their perfect owner and rulers of the cat world strutted their