hundreds of mice and dozens of monkeys have been infected with ebola by the ministry of defence as part of research into the killer virus .
official figures show 200 mice and 56 marmosets were infected with the disease , which causes internal haemorrhaging , and then killed , over two years .
last night it emerged a patient in belfast , northern ireland , was being tested for ebola after returning sick from a visit to west africa , which is currently suffering the worst ever outbreak of the virus .
scroll down for video .
porton down : the site in wiltshire has been the centre of the uk 's chemical weapons research for 100 years .
stocks of ebola are kept at mod 's research centre at porton down , wiltshire , a highly secretive location where work has long been done on chemical and biological weapons .
revealing the scale of the ebola research , officials told the sun that all the animals were awake when they were infected with the virus , then ` humanely culled ' after tests or when their suffering became too severe .
the research was said to be aimed at understanding the development and spread of ebola in animals , with later experiments working on possible treatments .
last night northern ireland 's public health agency confirmed a patient who returned from west africa with malaria was being tested for the ebola virus at belfast 's royal victoria hospital .
the pha has advised that there is no increased risk to the wider community .
the patient is being kept in isolation and tested for ebola at the royal victoria hospital , pictured , in belfast .
the public health agency has advised that there is no increased risk to the wider community .
a spokesman for the pha said : ` the public health agency has confirmed that a person who has recently travelled in an area affected by ebola is being assessed in accordance with the agreed risk assessment .
` the pha is liaising with colleagues and has advised that there is no increased risk to the wider community .
` ebola virus disease -lrb- evd -rrb- , formerly known as ebola haemorrhagic fever , can be a severe illness in humans .
the incubation period , that is , the time interval from infection with the