by .
julian robinson .
a man has been arrested in cuba - for attempting to board a flight to america with 66 birds sewn inside his trousers .
the bird man was seized at ignacio agramonte international airport in the cuban city of camaguay and was picked up because of the curious bulges in his trousers .
after being stopped by customs , the man bizarrely claimed he was only concealing a pigeon as a gift for his grandson .
bust : ignacio agramonte international airport in the cuban city of camaguay arrested a traveler after noticing a suspicious ` bulge ' in his pants .
customs officers found dozens of birds including hummingbirds , like the one pictured , down the trousers of a man they stopped in ignacio agramonte international airport , cuba -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
but after he was forced to remove his trousers , officers found dozens of ` frightened little finches and hummingbirds ' - some with their beaks sealed shut so they would not be heard singing .
all the birds were rare species and had probably been stolen to order for the equivalent of thousands of pounds , police said .
the smuggler nearly made it on to the aircraft after a metal detector failed to pick up his feathered contraband .
but because of the unusual bulges , and the slow way in which he was walking , a customs officer hermogenes yonsiver decided to take him into an inspection room for a body search .
` as soon as he knew the game was up he tried to lie his way out of it and say he was carrying a pigeon , ' said officer yonsiver .
` he said : `` what i have here is a pigeon that is a gift for my grandson '' but that too was a lie .
he then wanted to continue on his way .
similar case : in 2011 , a dutch traveler was arrested at rochambeau airport in cayenne , french guiana , for trying to smuggle more than a dozen live hummingbirds in special pouches sewn into his underwear -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
` but he was forced to take down his trousers , and we found all these frightened little finches and hummingbirds , some of whom had their beaks sealed shut so that we would