by .
ruth sunderland .
published : .
19:37 est , 18 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
19:37 est , 18 february 2014 .
britain has overtaken germany to become the biggest market in europe for ferraris .
a record 677 of the luxury sports cars were purchased by uk buyers last year , an increase of five percent on 2012 .
the uk is now the second largest market globally for the luxury italian cars behind american , but ahead of germany where there were 652 deliveries , down 100 on the previous year .
hike : a record 677 of the luxury sports cars were purchased by uk buyers last year , an increase of five percent on 2012 .
wealthy british motorists now account for one in every ten new ferraris sold worldwide .
the strength of sales here partly reflects london 's status as a haven for the world 's super-wealthy and the persistence of high pay in the city .
the new california t convertible , which will be unveiled at the geneva motor show next month , is considered an ` entry-level ' car with prices starting from around # 155,000 on the road .
it has a 3.8-litre turbo v8 engine , does around 29 miles to the gallon , can accelerate from 0-60mph in 3.6 seconds and has a top speed of 198mph .
but prices can rise into the millions of pounds for one-off models made to customers ' own specifications .
british celebrity owners include simon cowell , who has a silver ferrari 458 italia that cost around # 175,000 and is so exclusive there is a three year waiting list for deliveries .
others including rock star eric clapton and chef gordon ramsay are fans , along with scores of anonymous bankers with bonuses burning a hole in the pocket of their savile row suits .
however , according to enrico galliera , commercial director , the main reason the uk has become the ferrari capital of europe is that germany has been flooded with second hand sports cars from italy , following a tax clampdown on the rich by the rome authorities .
luxury : wealthy british motorists now account for one in every ten new ferraris sold worldwide .
that meant the germans bought fewer new sports cars .
as a result , germany