tragedy : carwyn scott-howell fell to his death while on holiday with his mother ceri scott-howell , nine-year-old sister antonia and brother gerwyn , 19 , in the alps .
the family of a seven-year-old skier killed in the french alps have paid tribute to their ` daring , outgoing , determined little boy ' and revealed he got lost in woods before sliding towards a 164ft cliff .
it is thought carwyn scott-howell may have entered the dense woodland because he thought it was a shortcut to his hotel in the ski resort of flaine .
he was on holiday with his mother ceri scott-howell , nine-year-old sister antonia and brother gerwyn , 19 .
carwyn 's parents , ex-nurse mrs scott-howell and husband rhys , a former butcher , rent out self-catering cottages and run a farm .
they bought the farm to live out their dream of growing their own food and living ` the good life ' .
carwyn would help feed cows and pigs on the farm which has won prizes for its speciality sausages and has sold scotch eggs to prime minister david cameron .
his family last night said his death had left them feeling ` utter devastation ' with a ` vast void in our hearts ' , adding that he was ' a very competent skier ' who had started aged three .
a statement released through the foreign office said : ` he was a very daring outgoing determined little boy whose handsome smile lit up any room and made life full of laughter with never a dull moment .
seven years is too short a time to be an angel in the sky ' .
last night , the family , from talybont-on-usk , near brecon , wales , remained in the alpine resort of flaine -- a 38-mile drive from chamonix -- in free accommodation provided by the hotel .
they are expected to leave today .
police sources said the boy 's body may be expatriated today after final post-mortem examinations yesterday .
the family were enjoying the last run of their trip in perfect conditions in the town of flaine when antonia fell over and her mother stopped to help her .
within moments carwyn , who friends say modelled himself on survival specialist and tv presenter bear grylls , is believed to have taken the