by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
12:28 est , 13 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:57 est , 15 september 2013 .
a young mother and three teenage boys have been found shot dead in their car in a former mountain resort in tennessee after they were deliberately targeted .
a resident came across the murdered bodies of rikki jacobson , 22 , domonic davis , 17 , john lajeunesse , 16 , and steven presley , 17 , in crab orchard on thursday .
it was not clear when they were shot dead , but investigators believe they were killed in the 24 hours before they were found , investigators said .
police said jacob alan bennett , 26 , is a suspect in the murders but has not yet been charged .
killed : young mother rikki jacobsen , 22 , and her 17-year-old nephew domonic davis -lrb- both pictured -rrb- , were shot dead in a car that was found parked along a secluded track in a tennessee mountain town .
close : the victims , who were found on thursday morning , are pictured with rikki 's four-year-old son .
he .
was picked up in dayton , tennessee at around 1am on friday by the rhea .
county sheriff 's department on unrelated charges .
he remains in custody at the cumberland .
county sheriff 's office and is being held on a parole violation warrant .
he has a lengthy criminal history and has been in prison five times , police said .
` the suspect knew the victims to some degree , ' district attorney general randy york said at a press conference on friday but would not provide further details .
during a news conference on friday , .
prosecutors and police gave no indication of a possible motive .
asked if .
the crime was drug-related , tennessee bureau of investigation director .
mark gwyn said that most crimes of this type involve drugs .
arrest : jacob bennett , 26 , is suspected of shooting dead a woman and three teen boys in a rural tennessee town .
he has not yet been charged and is being held on an unrelated parole charge .
found : the bodies were found inside this blue dodge neon that was abandoned at renegade mountain .
concerns :