australia beat india by 48 runs in a thrilling end to the first test at adelaide oval on saturday , with nathan lyon picking up seven wickets after virat kohli scored an inspired century for the visitors .
a match that had begun in high emotion after the death last month of australian batsman phillip hughes ended in high drama after an absorbing final day in south australia .
set 364 to win after australia declared on their overnight score of 290-5 , india seemed to be on their way to an unlikely victory after a brilliant 141 from kohli and a gritty 99 from opener murali vijay .
nathan lyon of australia is mobbed by australian team-mates as they celebrate winning the first test .
lyon whirls away after taking the final wicket and earning his side the unlikeliest of wins against india .
lyon appeals as he takes the wicket of murali vijay with the game turning rapidly on day five .
lyon finished with stunning figures of 7 for 152 as india blew their advantage away on the final day .
virat kohli trudges off after being dismissed during his first test match as india captain .
but lyon , a former groundsman at adelaide oval , turned the match the home team 's way with his offspinners , as india 's tail collapsed and the tourists were bowled out for 315 .
lyon finished with 7-152 , giving him 12 wickets for the match , a career-best , and giving the australians the early advantage in the four-match series , which resumes in brisbane next week .
kohli , in his first match as indian captain , almost won the match single-handledly for his country .
he scored centuries in both innings and dominated australia 's bowlers on a pitch favouring spin .
his career-best 141 came off just 175 deliveries and featured 16 fours and one six .
he also shared a third wicket partnership of 185 with vjay , who made half-centuries in each innings but fell agonisingly short of a deserved hundred .
kohli had been in brilliant knick , scoring a career-best 141 off just 175 balls as they chased victory .
kohli consoles vijay as the opener threw his wicket away on 99 - the catalyst for a batting collapse .
with india seemingly in control at 242-2 after tea ,