by .
matt lawton .
follow @@ matt_lawton_dm .
and chris wheeler .
follow @@ chriswheelerdm .
louis van gaal hopes to conclude negotiations with manchester united in the next few days , aware that potential members of his coaching staff are under pressure to clarify their positions with current employers .
guus hiddink will take over as holland head coach after the world cup and frank hoek , van gaal 's goalkeeping coach , has promised to tell hiddink today whether he will remain with the national team or move with van gaal to united .
another pressing issue for van gaal , it seems , is an assurance that transfer funds will extend to the signing of the three german players he thinks united need .
as well as bayern munich 's toni kroos , van gaal wants borussia dortmund 's marco reus and mats hummels .
imminent ?
thyce sleggers says louis van gaal will be appointed manchester united manager in the next week .
top target : marco reus is being eyed by van gaal as part of his manchester makeover .
also wanted : defender mats hummels -lrb- left -rrb- and midfielder toni kroos are on van gaal 's wishlist .
senior sources at united are reluctant to confirm the appointment of a permanent successor to david moyes is imminent , however .
they argue that it might make sense to be patient and wait for someone such as carlo ancelotti to become available .
other .
sources expect the process to accelerate , with van gaal very much the .
favourite now that ancelotti has guided his real madrid side to the .
champions league final .
united .
are keen to see interim player-manager ryan giggs and the class of 92 -- .
namely paul scholes , nicky butt and phil neville -- remain part of any .
future coaching set-up in the belief that ` continuity is important ' .
with .
van gaal keen to bring in a team of his own , including hoek , a .
potential for conflict in negotiations with united has been highlighted .
leader : wayne rooney will hope he is handed the captain 's armband next season .
in charge : ryan giggs is currently the interim manager at manchester united .
in .
holland , though , sources close to van gaal insist