elizabeth hinksman was chauffeur-driven to her wedding andrew williams in potato van in honour of grandfather geoff who died in .
2009 .
` geoff hinksman potatoes ' has been in the family for 32 years .
her grandfather was taken to his funeral on the back of one of his vans too .
by .
bianca london .
published : .
05:39 est , 3 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:06 est , 3 january 2013 .
a bride paid a heartwarming tribute to a late family member - when she arrived at the church in her grandfather 's potato delivery van .
elizabeth hinksman , 27 , opted for the unusual mode of transport to the church for her nuptials to husband andrew williams , 29 , in honour of her late grandfather geoff who died in 2009 .
the mother-of-one was chauffeur-driven in the white delivery truck from her home to st paul 's church , in the village of tupsley , herefordshire , on december 22 by her proud father darryl .
not your usual mode of transport : elizabeth hinksman and andrew williams in the spud van on their wedding day .
the alternative wedding vehicle was previously used by darryl 's father for his business ` geoff hinksman potatoes ' - which has been in the family for 32 years .
elizabeth said she wanted to pay tribute to her grandfather - who died aged 80 - by arriving at the ceremony in his trusty van .
tribute : elizabeth opted for the van travel in honour of her late grandfather geoff who died in 2009 .
elizabeth , a business support manager , said : ` my granddad was taken to his funeral on the back of one of his vans and it really lightened the mood .
' i knew then i wanted to do the same for my wedding as he could n't be there .
this way he kind of was .
' i wanted to make people laugh and it sure worked - i do n't think many people turn up to their wedding in a spud van .
family tradition : geoff hinksman grandfather to elizabeth hinksman was taken to his funeral in the very same van .
here they come : the alternative wedding ride was previously used by darryl 's father for his