by .
associated press .
and daily mail reporter .
police say a man accused of killing his mother and sister in their north las vegas home started dismembering one of the bodies and tried to clean up the bloody scene .
detectives think darius davon sorrells , 30 , lived for several days at the house with the two corpses before he was arrested by chance after a weekend traffic chase , police sgt. chrissie coon said on tuesday .
he was named as a suspect on tuesday by authorities .
sorrells ' 53-year-old mother and 33-year-old sister have been missing since last week .
scroll down for video .
darius davon sorrells , pictured , has been accused of killing both his mother and sister and dismembering one of the bodies .
the clark county coroner opened two homicide cases , but did n't immediately release the identity of the bodies removed monday from the home .
however , the owner of the 6120 stibor street home is listed in county records as natasha sorrells , 8 news now reports .
neighbor kelly bacon told the channel that sorrells and her adult daughter lived in the house .
` they were very quiet , very secluded , did n't say or do much , ' bacon told fox5vegas .
she also said she saw a younger man walk to house frequently .
' i mean he would sometimes sit in the driveway just waiting for someone to come home i guess , ' she said .
detectives think sorrells lived for several days at the home with the two corpses , seen here .
police went to the home at about 2:30 a.m. monday to check on the two women , after they were reported missing by family members and friends on friday .
officers entered through an unlocked back door and found a gruesome crime scene , coon said .
the slayings came to light monday after .
police stretched yellow crime scene tape around the neighborhood and .
spent more than 14 hours gathering evidence .
investigators collected evidence and tools that could have been used in the slaying and dismemberment , coon said .
coroner 's investigators even went to the house more than once to retrieve human remains , she said .
coon declined to say where in the home the bodies were found