sportsmail analyses what we learned from the latest round of fixtures in the premier league and football league during the festive period : .
1 .
while virtually every other manager moaned about the christmas fixture list , burnley proved it is possible to play two games in 48 hours and not get too tired .
winger george boyd had covered more ground than any other premier league player on boxing day when he ran 8.1 miles against liverpool , and he matched that distance exactly at manchester city with his energy late in the game a key factor in the comeback from 2-0 down .
but sean dyche 's whole team followed those energy levels .
an unchanged side ran 74.5 miles collectively at the etihad stadium , further than the 74.2 they achieved in the 1-0 defeat by liverpool .
george boyd -lrb- left -rrb- ran 8.1 miles twice in two days as sean dyche 's -lrb- right -rrb- side drew with manchester city .
2 .
santi cazorla has emerged as arsenal 's penalty expert after slotting away his third spot kick in five matches .
at the age of 30 the spain midfielder seems to have come to spot-kick duties late in his career .
until he got the first of this batch -- at stoke -- he had never previously scored from the spot for the gunners in more than two seasons .
there are no penalties listed among his goals in spain for villarreal and malaga , either .
santi cazorla capped an impressive performance for arsenal against west ham by scoring a penalty .
3 .
wilfried zaha 's return to crystal palace was said to be one of the reasons tony pulis fell out with chairman steve parish before walking out before the start of the season .
parish , who wanted zaha back from manchester united , got his way by bringing in the 22-year-old on loan after pulis had left .
it has n't been a success .
zaha scored on his second debut , but since then has only twice completed 90 minutes .
he was restored to the starting line-up by caretaker keith millen for the 0-0 draw at qpr , but was subbed again after little more than an hour having had only one shot at goal .
queens park rangers defender richard dunne -lrb- left -rrb-