my aim heading to germany was firstly to extend my lead in the championship over lewis hamilton , and then win what is my second home race after monaco , so it was very special to win for myself and for mercedes as it is one of the most important grands prix on the calendar for the team .
almost the entire mercedes-benz board was there , and after all the difficult times we went through as mercedes in the first couple of years of the team , it was important to send out a good message .
it was a picture perfect weekend for me , but not for the whole team given the problems we suffered on the other car .
but for me i had no such worries , securing pole position and then winning the race .
good to be home : nico rosberg celebrates winning the german grand prix .
winner : rosberg -lrb- second right -rrb- celebrates on the podium with valtteri bottas -lrb- left -rrb- , lewis hamilton .
video rosberg uses local knowledge to triumph .
it was really very emotional and it was great with all the support from the home fans .
it was also nice that world cup winner and arsenal striker lukas podolski came to watch the race with our ceo dr. zetsche in the garage and to support me just as i had cheered him on him when he was representing germany in brazil , so that was really very cool .
given lewis 's brake failure in qualifying and subsequent crash , i knew it would be an easier race , but i did n't prepare any differently .
i would have got more pleasure out of the victory if it would have been a gloves-off battle with my team-mate , but of course it was a very special win nevertheless , so heading into this weekend 's race in hungary i am very happy .
after the win in hockenheim , i celebrated with the team afterwards , and there was some really hilarious stuff going on .
we were dancing together in the garage so that was a lot of fun , but with back-to-back races , there has n't been a lot of time to take in the victory .
as we headed away from the circuit in our car some fans pulled