an outspoken labour mp has admitted going on ecstasy-fuelled nights out when he was younger - and smoking cannabis twice a week .
simon danczuk said he had decided to tell the truth after his ex-wife went public about his drug-taking past .
mr danczuk , who has risen to prominence in the commons with outspoken attacks on labour 's record on welfare , admitted he had taken ecstasy ` many , many years ago ' .
labour 's rochdale mp simon danczuk and his wife karen have become one of the most high profile couples in parliament .
mr danczuk wrote a bombshell expose on the late liberal mp cyril smith and the abuse of young boys at knowl view school .
he added and that he used to smoke marijuana ` a couple of times a week ' - but rejected claims he smoked every day after work .
the labour mp also insisted that he did not use any drugs between 2007 and 2010 , in the run up to the general election , when he won his rochdale seat with a wafer thin majority .
mr danczuk told the sun on sunday : ' i am not proud of this story but once confronted by the sun newspaper about my past i decided to be honest .
` it 's worth noting there are some inaccuracies in the story and it does not tell the true story .
' mr danczuk 's first wife sonia milewski , 37 , claims they used to have ecstasy-fuelled nights out in manchester before they were married .
ms milewski , who has two children by the rochdale mp , alleges that he took drugs while a councillor for blackburn and darwen and a mature sociology student at lancaster university .
she told the paper : ` we 'd go out and do pills a couple of time a week .
i think because he was a mature student , it was his way of catching up .
' karen danczuk has insisted that her ` cleavage selfies ' were accidental and that she did not publish the snaps because she looked nice .
mrs danczuk dismissed criticism of the images from female politicians .
she said women should not ` bitching ' about each other .
the 31-year-old mother of two runs a cafe in rochdale , danczuk 's