ulrika the mother : with daughter bo , 13 , last year .
trying to discipline your children is a challenge for any parent ... especially if your spouse then undermines all your hard work by spoiling them with gifts .
but when you have four offspring by four different fathers like ulrika jonsson , it seems that agreeing on some basic parenting ground rules becomes virtually impossible .
the presenter , 47 , has spoken of the ` nightmare ' of controlling her children 's internet access when her ex-lovers shower them with hi-tech gadgets and smartphones that allow them to go online whenever they like .
jonsson revealed that her oldest daughter bo , 13 , has a mobile phone ` much against my better judgment ' , while her youngest martha was given an ipod by her father at the tender age of ten .
and she said she was ` utterly horrified ' when her eldest son cameron , 19 , from her first marriage to cameraman john turnbull , admitted he had watched online porn when he was just 14 .
the swedish-born star said she now feels incapable of protecting them from graphic and sexually explicit material on her own because it is so easy for them to access the internet .
she told hello !
: ` in my household things have changed greatly over the last few years .
my oldest son , who 's nearing 20 , is capable of regulating himself .
` my oldest daughter , who is about 14 , has had , much against my better judgment , an ipod since she was 11 and a mobile phone since she was 12 .
` at first her mobile was n't a smartphone but times have moved on and so , it appears , has she .
` my ten-year-old daughter was given an ipod by her father last christmas , and my six-year-old boy can access the family ipad .
' jonsson married her third husband , advertising executive brian monet , in 2008 .
he is father to her youngest son malcolm .
martha was born to her second husband lance gerrard-wright , whom she divorced in 2006 .
jonsson never married bo 's father , german hotel manager marcus kempen , and they split shortly after her birth .
the presenter said she welcomed a