one of the pleasures of travel is getting to sample the local cuisine .
but would you tuck in to a developing duck embryo straight from the egg in southeast asia ?
or sip fermented mare 's milk in mongolia ?
perhaps a warming bowl of dog soup in korea ?
laura siciliano-rosen , co-founder of eat your world , a guide to local foods around the globe , says : ` tasting the locally distinct foods and drinks of a place is absolutely essential to a trip , as they illuminate that region 's unique culture , history , geography , and lore .
and seeking those foods out inevitably brings a traveler into closer contact with the local people , allowing for a richer travel experience .
' extra protein ?
shirako , which translates as ` white children ' is a japanese dish made of male fish genitalia containing sperm .
but not everything on the international menu screams ` eat me ' .
in mexico , spicy grasshoppers , known as chapulines , are a popular snack on sale at the market stalls of oaxaca , while tacos de sesos - that 's beef brain tacos to you and me , are a well-loved treat -lrb- which comes with a bovine spongiform encephalopathy - or mad-cow disease - warming -rrb- .
feeling thirsty in mongolia ?
the local tipple , aireg , is a fermented , alcoholic dairy drink traditionally made from mare 's milk .
and snake wine is the drink du jour in china , vietnam and southeast asia .
produced by infusing whole snakes in rice wine or grain alcohol , the drink was once believed to have medicinal qualities .
there 's something fishy about the swedes ' national delicacy .
surströmming , is bulging tinned herring .
why does it bulge ?
because inside the fish is slowly festering .
and greenland 's offering , kaestur hakarl , is fermented shark .
popular south asian delicacy , balut , is a ready-to-hatch duck embryo that is half-boiled and eaten in the shell .
yum ?
` as for how to go about finding these foods : a little pre-trip research goes a long way , ' says siciliano-rosen .
` but on the ground , it 's as simple as asking people where they eat and what their city is known