the parents of a toddler have hit out after their son was expelled from a nursery following a row over him being bitten by another child .
stacey morris went to see bosses of lilliputs day nursery in westhoughton , lancashire after her 14-month-old son lewis was bitten three times in six months .
after threatening the refer the matter to ofsted , she was left furious when she was told lewis could no longer attend the nursery .
a letter sent to her by the nursery 's owner states that it has a ` zero tolerance approach to threats and intimidation ' .
stacy morris says her 14-month-old son lewis nestor was unfairly expelled from his nursery after she complained about him being bitten by another child .
miss morris and her partner thomas nestor said lewis was very settled at the nursery and liked the staff who looked after him .
but she and lewis 's grandmother went to see owner gill green after the bite marks appeared for a third time .
miss morris insists she was not aggresive in the meeting and only said : ` if you do n't do anything about this i will get ofsted involved .
' she was left shocked when , later in the week , she received the letter informing her of lewis 's expulsion .
mrs green stated in the letter : ` this is not a decision that i have taken lightly , but -lsb- i -rsb- feel that our relationship is irreparable .
` please do not attempt to attend the nursery at any point , my decision is final .
' miss morris , who also has a four-year-old daughter , madison , said : ` he 's only been at the nursery since may this year and in that time he 's been bitten three times .
` he was bitten twice in six days in august and on the first occasion staff did n't even phone me up to tell me - i only found out when i picked him up .
' miss morris -lrb- pictured , right , with partner thomas nestor and daughter madison -rrb- was informed of the nursery 's sudden decision by letter , days after she went to see them .
the owner of lilliputs day nursery in westhoughton , lancashire says it has a ` zero