by .
toni jones .
a young woman so obsessed with fancy dress collected 365 outfits - then wore a different one every day for a year .
much to the surprise of her work colleagues , mary saba turned up to her office job wearing a little mermaid costume one day and oompa loompa attire the next .
the fancy dress addict has even travelled on public transport dressed as the mad scientist and singer craig david .
scroll down for video .
barbie : fancy dress addict mary saba decided to wear a different fancy dress outfit every day for a whole year as part of her 26th birthday challenge .
pixel : the 27-year-old from sydney , australia even turned up to her office job and travelled on public transport dressed as the little mermaid , oompa loompa and the mad scientist .
the 27-year-old from sydney , australia decided to wear a different fancy dress outfit every day for a whole year as part of her 26th birthday challenge .
mary said : ' i was another year older and i wanted to do something special .
my family thought i was mad at first , but they know how much i love fancy dress and a challenge .
' pharaoh : even though her wardrobe is now full of weird and wonderful costumes , mary has n't broken the bank in her quest to be the best dressed - she has only spent $ 400 as many of her outfits were homemade .
dead cool : mary completed her goal in june this year , but has kept hundreds of photos to remember each day .
even though her wardrobe is now full of .
weird and wonderful costumes , mary has n't broken the bank in her quest .
to be the best dressed - she has only spent $ 400 as many of her outfits .
were homemade .
she said : ' i would make some outfits from plastic or cardboard and i was visiting the local charity shop every weekend .
' nurse : she celebrated on her 27th birthday with , what else , a costume party .
tattooed : mary 's many costume changes included singers amy winehouse and the spice girls .
the australian also planned the costumes and different themes a month in advance with help from