by .
jason groves .
published : .
18:09 est , 31 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
18:10 est , 31 december 2012 .
labour 's tax credit system left behind a ` sorry story of dependency , wasted taxpayers ' money and fraud ' , iain duncan smith said yesterday as the row over plans to cap payments intensified .
the work and pensions secretary launched an outspoken attack on the complex tax credit system devised by gordon brown , saying it had been ` wide open to abuse ' , including by foreign criminals .
the tuc 's new general-secretary frances o'grady said mr duncan smith 's comments marked the return of the ` nasty party ' , while labour accused him of making a ` cheap political attack ' on a scheme relied on by almost six million families .
outspoken : iain duncan smith -lrb- left -rrb- launched an attack on gordon brown 's -lrb- right -rrb- complex tax credit system .
but mr duncan smith insisted the tax credit scheme was ` not fit for purpose ' .
he accused labour of deliberately extending the payments to more people in a bid to win votes -- warning that the ballooning budget had helped bring the public finances to ` breaking point ' .
he said : ` in the years between 2003 and 2010 , labour spent a staggering # 171 billion on tax credits , contributing to a 60 per cent rise in the welfare bill .
` far too much of that money was wasted , with fraud and error under labour costing over # 10 billion .
even for those in genuine need of support , tax credits were not fit for purpose .
` the system was haemorrhaging money while at the same time trapping people in a system where those trying hard to increase the amount of hours they worked were n't necessarily better off .
' george osborne last month announced plans to cap increases in tax credits to just 1 per cent .
ministers admitted they did not know how many foreigners were claiming tax credits .
treasury minister david gauke recently said ` nationality is not a condition of entitlement ' and was therefore not recorded .
the coalition has disclosed that tax credits are paid to almost 6,000 children living abroad .
but