this was never going to live up to last season 's sensational semi-final at twickenham but , as opening pool games go , it really was very good .
saracens have been unable to reach the stratospheric heights they touched that day , when they routed the french giants in april with one of the most astonishing english club performances ever witnessed .
back-to-back defeats in domestic and european finals proved a bitter pill to swallow .
but saturday 's bonus-point win over the star - studded top 14 outfit proved that performance was no fluke and reminded everyone that mark mccall 's team are likely to be serious contenders again this season .
this was precisely the sort of advert the european champions cup organisers had in mind when they streamlined the competition .
david strettle impressed for saracens as they beat clermont 30-23 in the challenge cup .
chris ashton is congratulated by his team-mates , both england wingers scored two tries on saturday .
six tries from wingers and two wonderful fly-half displays -- although , sadly for stuart lancaster , not from owen farrell -- and some typically thunderous defence left the crowd delighted .
charlie hodgson was outstanding as he played all but five minutes of the match before being replaced by farrell in his first game for a month following a quad injury .
two penalties and two conversions were hodgson 's haul , but his all-round contribution in the pivotal no 10 position deservedly earned the 33-year-old former england fly half the man-of-the-match award .
it will be hard to omit him against munster at thomond park on friday night , however much lancaster would love farrell to have more time on the field ahead of the autumn internationals .
` charlie 's been good all season and i thought he was good again , ' said mccall .
` we 'll always do what 's best for the team but we 've also got a plan in place which you 'll find out on thursday .
' ashton goes over for a try during the match at allianz park .
the likelihood is that farrell -- whose knee was heavily strapped -- will start next week .
but hodgson has done his side proud once again in the younger man 's absence .
` we 've been to thomond park a few