by .
brendan carlin .
published : .
19:56 est , 10 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:57 est , 10 august 2013 .
scotland yard could lose its # 31 million-a-year contract protecting mps and peers to a ` cheaper ' outside security firm .
the radical move would see traditional uniformed ` bobbies ' inside the palace of westminster replaced by private staff from a company such as g4s .
the plans come as mps fight to cut the commons ' # 200 million-plus annual budget and find ways of making money out of the historic building -- including hiring it out as a film set .
expensive : scotland yard could lose its # 31million a year contract protecting parliament to a cheaper contractor .
however , that idea and the proposal to ` privatise ' westminster 's policing sparked a ferocious backlash from some mps .
there were fears of a repeat of the security fiasco of the 2012 olympics when g4s was unable to provide 10,400 security guards on time .
officials in both the commons and the lords have embarked on cost-cutting programmes , with the policing contract , traditionally provided by the metropolitan police service -lrb- mps -rrb- , which runs out in 2015 , in the line of fire .
last year , mps heard complaints that although the met had 500 personnel at westminster , only 20 or 30 were visible at any one time .
now official documents reveal that a review into the contract , led by parliamentary security director paul martin , is exploring ` all options ' -- including ` outsourcing ' some of the service currently provided by the met .
olympics contract : private security guards from g4s secure the entrance to alexander stadium , the us athletics team training camp for the london 2012 olympic games .
a well-placed source said : ` many of the security staff in here are not fully-fledged bobbies anyway , even though they 're provided by the met .
we could potentially save some money by letting a private company provide those .
' but senior labour mp barry sheerman said : ` after what happened at last year 's olympics , it beggars belief we 're even considering letting a private firm look after the security of one of the most sensitive sites in