by .
chris wheeler .
follow @@ chriswheelerdm .
manchester city 's premier league title hopes have faded dramatically following wednesday 's 2-2 draw at home to bottom-of-the-table sunderland , a result described by midfielder fernandinho as ' a complete disaster ' .
a team that not so long ago were chasing an unprecedented quadruple now look like finishing manuel pellegrini 's first season in charge with just the capital one cup to show for their efforts .
sportsmail assesses where it has gone wrong for city , and what pellegrini must put right in the summer .
falling short : manchester city 's title hopes have taken a tumble following a difficult week on the pitch .
living on a prayer : manuel pellegrini needs a minor miracle to overtake liverpool and chelsea now .
two 's kompany .
the failure to sign a world-class central defensive partner for captain vincent kompany has dogged pellegrini from the start .
having spent more than # 100million in other positions and then failed to prise pepe from his old club real madrid , the city boss settled on martin demichelis , a cut-price alternative at # 4m .
inspiration and exasperation : vincent kompany -lrb- left -rrb- is world class but martin demichelis -lrb- right -rrb- is a liability .
the criticism levelled at the argentine has not always been entirely fair , but he has emerged as the weak link in the team , despite the almost blind faith shown in him by the manager .
city are already making plans to address the issue with talks over a # 35m deal for fc porto 's eliaquim mangala well advanced .
flair play .
pellegrini insists that he will not curb his attacking instincts but he might have to think again if he wants to get city over the line next season .
you can not fault his team 's attacking flair this season in terms of entertainment ; they have put six past arsenal , seven past norwich , 11 past tottenham over two games and demolished manchester united twice in the derby .
blow : city were outfoxed by chelsea at the etihad in february , when branislav ivanovic scored the winner .
however , all six premier league defeats this season have been by one goal .
against chelsea at the etihad in february , jose mourinho