by .
margot peppers .
published : .
10:28 est , 27 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:53 est , 27 june 2013 .
hannah , lena dunham 's character on girls , is not known for having a designer wardrobe ; in fact , her constant mooching off friends and flitting from job to job would suggest exactly the opposite .
yet in recent photos taken during filming of the hbo show 's upcoming third season , the actress is seen wearing a mcq by alexander mcqueen dress , which retails at full price for $ 1,165 .
while hannah does get more into character by accessorizing the graphic look with a pair of well-worn sneakers , the graphic print frock is a far cry from the frumpy looks she donned in earlier seasons .
out of character ?
lena dunham was spotted in a chic mcq by alexander mcqueen frock while shooting the upcoming season of girls - a far cry from her character hannah 's usual frumpy looks .
pricey : the dress retails for $ 1,165 , which hannah surely could n't afford with her frugal lifestyle .
but stylist jenn rogien said that a ` chic dress ' is part of that episode 's story - and that she found it on the sale rack .
hannah-friendly discount : on shopbop.com , the peplum frock is on sale for $ 932 .
the show 's stylist , jenn rogien told mailonline that hannah 's chic dress is ` part of the story ' for that particular episode that was being filmed .
` that dress was a perfect choice , ' she said , adding this is ` probably the only designer piece we 've used on hannah .
' the stylist explained that ` thankfully - for the story and for my budget , ' she found it on the sale rack .
but the designer frock is still markedly more fashion-forward than the somewhat dowdy duds hannah typically wears .
indeed , in january ms rogien told the huffington post that she makes her character appear disheveled on purpose .
` they do n't quite hit at the right place , ' she said of the clothes hannah wears .
` we mess with the hem lengths so they 're not exactly the best or most flattering length .
stepping