by .
ellie zolfagharifard .
nasa chiefs have said that sending a manned mission to mars is ` necessary if the human race is to survive ' .
but the huge amounts of chemical rocket fuel needed to complete such a mission would require deep pockets -- the launch costs alone would be more than $ 12 billion -lrb- # 7 billion -rrb- .
added to this is the time it takes .
the space agency estimates that a round-trip human expedition to mars would take more than four years using current technology .
a concept image of a spacecraft powered by a fusion-driven rocket .
the crew would be in the forward-most chamber .
solar panels on the sides would collect energy to initiate the process that creates fusion .
rocket-powered fusion , however , could one day allow 30 - and 90-day expeditions to mars by making the trip more practical and less costly , experts claim .
scientists envision using a nuclear reactor to heat hydrogen to very high temperatures , which will then expand through a spacecraft 's nozzle to generate thrust .
recent advances in manipulating nuclear fusion could means that astronauts are now a step closer to our nearest planetary neighbour .
` using existing rocket fuels , it 's nearly impossible for humans to explore much beyond earth ' said lead researcher john slough .
` we are hoping to give us a much more powerful source of energy in space that could eventually lead to making interplanetary travel commonplace .
' the fusion driven rocket test chamber at the university of washington plasma dynamics lab in redmond .
the green vacuum chamber is surrounded by two large , high-strength aluminum magnets .
these magnets are powered by energy-storage capacitors .
these store energy electrostatically in an electric field .
nasa is developing the capabilities needed to capture an asteroid by 2015 and send humans to mars by 2030 .
only a small amount of fusion is needed to power a rocket -- a small grain of sand of this material has the same energy content as 1 gallon of rocket fuel .
the research team at washington university developed a type of plasma that is encased in its own magnetic field .
nuclear fusion occurs when this plasma is compressed to high pressure with a magnetic field .
the team successfully tested