just hours after his top secret summit with the next manchester united manager louis van gaal in holland , ryan giggs was back at old trafford to cast his eye over the club 's next generation of talent .
united 's class of '14 were in action against chelsea in the final of the under-21 premier league , but giggs 's long day ended in disappointment as they went down 2-1 .
so what should giggs report back to van gaal ?
which young stars should he bring through into the first team fold and which need a little more time to develop ?
video scroll down for a look at united youngsters wilson and keane .
plenty to ponder : ryan giggs watched manchester united 's under-21 side in their final with chelsea at old trafford , hours after meeting with louis van gaal in holland .
dejection : the man united players stand and watch as chelsea lift the trophy following their 2-1 win in the under-21 premier league showpiece .
ben amos -lrb- goalkeeper -rrb- .
aged 24 , amos was one of the permitted over-age players on show at old trafford and is already an understudy to david de gea and anders lindegaard in the first team squad .
he pulled off an outstanding save early on to push away a rasping shot from chelsea 's lewis baker but his positioning could have been better when charly musonda flashed in the equaliser on 22 minutes .
de gea is n't likely to be going anywhere soon and is actually younger than amos .
needs to head off on loan again next season , like he did at carlisle united in the first half of this campaign , otherwise he 's going to be starved of match time .
understudy : ben amos is third-choice goalkeeper at united behind david de gea and anders lindegaard .
guillermo varela -lrb- defender -rrb- .
an enterprising performance at right-back from the uruguayan , who is n't shy in getting forward in support of the attack as is expected at united .
gave adam nditi all kinds of problems with his twisting runs and trickery during the first-half and was then pushed further forward .
deserves to be elevated to the first-team squad though and can provide competition for rafael as his game becomes more mature .
all action :