jailed : raf corporal scott cuckoo was sentenced to 28 months behind bars after importing ecstasy tablets to sell online .
an raf corporal who sold ecstasy tablets online that he had imported between his tours of duty in afghanistan has been jailed .
corporal scott cuckoo , who was described as an ` impeccable ' serviceman , bought the drugs from the netherlands before selling them on over the internet .
the married 30-year-old faces being dishonourably discharged from the forces after being jailed for 28 months today .
the talented serviceman , described as a high-flyer , first began using ecstasy as a means of coping with what happened to him in afghanistan , winchester crown court was told .
disgraced cuckoo was rumbled when customs officers intercepted three packages from the netherlands destined for his home address .
they each contained 50 ecstasy tablets and were labelled with the false name ` mr s coombes ' , the court heard .
police called at his flat in basingstoke , hampshire , and the helicopter engineer admitted he had invented the alias and the packages were in fact his .
officers searched the property and found a further 139 tablets and 26.43 g of the drug in powder form .
they had a total street value of # 1,600 .
the home was also filled with packaging materials , which were ready to send out to his customers who had ordered online .
they were designed to look like they contained spare parts for machinery .
prosecutor rebecca fairbairn said : ` in april this year , a number of packages were intercepted by the uk border force , which were destined for basingstoke .
` each package was found to contain around 50 ecstasy tablets and were addressed to a ` mr s coombes ' .
` the only residents of that address were mr cuckoo and his wife .
on april 23 , the police attended the address to speak to mr coombes , and mr cuckoo answered the door .
` officers asked him the whereabouts of mr coombes and disclosed what their enquiry was about .
helicopter engineer : corporal cuckoo had completed eight tours of duty in afghanistan , winchester crown court heard .
` the defendant made it clear he was involved in the matter and was arrested .
a large quantity