by .
associated press reporter .
a massachusetts man who knew the brothers suspected of carrying out the boston marathon bombings was charged on friday with obstructing the investigation into the deadly bombings .
khairullozhon matanov , 23 , of quincy , destroyed , altered and falsified records in a federal investigation , and made false statements in a federal investigation , federal prosecutors said .
matanov , a legal resident of the u.s. originally from kyrgyzstan , is not accused of participating in the bombings or of knowing about them in advance .
khairullozhon matanov , 23 , of quincy , massachusetts , and friend of tamerlan , right , and dzhokhar tsarnaev , left , is accused of destroying , altering and falsifying records in a federal investigation .
he is scheduled to appear in u.s. district court in boston on friday afternoon .
matanov knew tamerlan and dzhokhar tsarnaev , and in the days after the april 2013 bombings that killed three people and injured more than 260 , matanov realized the fbi would want to talk with him because he shared their ` philosophical justification for violence , ' prosecutors said .
he talked to the brothers on numerous occasions after the bombings , and even took them out to dinner the day of the explosions , they said .
` in the days following the bombings , matanov continued to express support for the bombings , although later that week he said that maybe the bombings were wrong , ' the indictment said .
dzhokhar tsarnaev , left , has pleaded not guilty to several federal charges and is awaiting trial , while tamerlan tsarnaev , right , was killed during a gunbattle with police four days after the bombings .
forensic : investigators survey the site of a bomb blast on boylston street a day after two explosions hit the boston marathon in boston , massachusetts on april 16 , 2013 .
he tried to contact the brothers after he saw media reports identifying them as the suspects , prosecutors said .
matanov deleted information regarding the brothers from his computer , including internet searches , they said .
he also allegedly asked a friend to destroy his cellphones , but that friend refused .
and he repeatedly lied to investigators about the extent of his friendship with the tsarnaev brothers , prosecutors said