by .
mark duell .
these commonwealth games have been the first to see boxers fighting without protective headgear - and it certainly showed today as blood poured down competitors ' faces .
the international boxing association decided last year to stop the use of headgear in male bouts , citing medical experts who said it would help reduce concussions .
the organisation said medical studies showed wearing headgear diffused blows to the head and allowed boxers to sustain more head shots - and potential brain damage - for longer periods of time .
scroll down for video ... bloody : paul schafer of south africa -lrb- blue -rrb- and efe ajagba of nigeria compete in the men 's super-heavy boxing at the scottish exhibition conference centre in glasgow today .
punch : efe ajagba of nigeria -lrb- right -rrb- and paul schafer of south africa -lrb- left -rrb- .
the bout today was stopped due to the injury on schafer 's face .
england boxing team leader john hallam .
said he has only heard positive comments about the move , which will not .
affect female fighters and younger boxers .
but its critics include british pro george groves , who said last year : ` they need the protection headguards give at this stage of their careers .
i get paid to get hit in the head .
these kids do n't .
' today , .
south london super-heavyweight joe joyce guaranteed at least a bronze .
medal for england after pummelling scotland 's ross henderson to defeat .
in glasgow .
joyce .
clubbed henderson to the canvas four times and forced five standing .
counts before the referee had seen enough and waved off the contest in .
the dying seconds .
it was an .
emphatic performance from the european bronze medallist who will face .
uganda 's mike sekabembe for a place in the final later this week .
red : blood covers the face of brody blair of canada during his men 's middleweight boxing fight against benny muziyo of zambia at the commonwealth games .
halt : canada 's brody blair looks down after his fight was stopped due to injury following their men 's boxing welterweight preliminaries round bout .
joyce said : ` that 's one more down and two more to go .
i 've fought him