by .
graham smith .
published : .
06:18 est , 18 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
06:42 est , 18 june 2012 .
samantha cameron today spoke of the difficulties of caring for her late son ivan during a visit to a children 's hospice .
the six-year-old , who was born seriously disabled , received round-the-clock care for cerebral palsy and epilepsy before his death .
today , mrs cameron shared her experiences with risa balynas , whose five-year-old son , miles , requires similar attention .
sympathetic ear : samantha cameron today shared her experiences of caring for her late son ivan with risa balynas -lrb- left -rrb- , whose five-year-old son miles requires similar attention , during a visit to richard house children 's hospice in newham , east london .
understanding : the pm 's wife meets another mother and child as she toured the hospice .
the pair met as the prime minister 's wife visited richard house children 's hospice in newham , east london , where they spoke about the challenges of caring for a child with cerebral palsy .
mrs balynas , a mother-of two from tower hamlets , east london , said : ` it was lovely to meet her .
she was saying that miles ' condition was similar to her son ivan 's .
' i have a lot of pains and aches from holding him all the time .
she said she had that with ivan when he was younger .
` she told me she had a painful shoulder from holding him because he screamed and went into spasm .
` she understood how it affects you , physically as well as emotionally .
' during her visit , mrs cameron was given a tour of the centre , which supports 290 families and 192 children .
she .
invited 13-year-old jls fan murad shaikh to visit downing street and .
said her daughter nancy , eight , was equally keen on the band .
she .
told murad : ` my husband and i were lucky as we got to go to the jubilee .
concert and my daughter was very jealous because we got to see jls .
' common ground : mrs cameron and mrs balynas spoke about caring for a child with cerebral palsy .
today marks the start