by .
mia de graaf .
published : .
16:06 est , 7 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
17:05 est , 7 january 2014 .
sentenced : marian mcglinchey , also known as marian price -lrb- left -rrb- , leaves belfast crown court today after being spared jail for her part in the 2009 county antrim bomb attack .
old bailey bomber marian mcglinchey has avoided returning to jail for dissident republican terror offences after being handed a suspended sentence .
the 59-year-old , who was given a life term in 1973 for her part in the bomb attack on the london court , last year admitted to providing a mobile phone to the real ira gang for a 2009 attack that killed two british soldiers .
she was caught on cctv buying the device -- which was then used by the terror group in the attack on massereene army barracks in 2009 .
royal engineer soldiers mark quinsey and patrick azimkar were shot dead by gunmen as they stepped outside their compound in antrim to collect a pizza from two delivery men .
two other soldiers and two civilians were wounded when more than 60 shots were fired from a car at the servicemen , who were wearing desert fatigues and were due to be deployed to afghanistan the next day .
but today , judge gordon kerr qc sentenced mcglinchey , also known as marian price , to one year suspended for three years .
mcglinchey , who also pleaded guilty to aiding and abetting a masked man who read out pro-violence propaganda in 2011 , was released early from her jail term after seven years .
a lawyer for the republican , from .
stockmans avenue in west belfast , claimed another jail term would .
exacerbate her chronic physical and mental health problems .
she was sentenced to 12 months for providing the phone in antrim and nine months , to run concurrently , for hosting a dissident speech promoting attacks on the police at a 2011 rally in londonderry .
health : a lawyer said another jail term would exacerbate mcglinchey 's health problems .
here she is seen with husband jerry .
the republican spent the latter half of her two-year sentence from 2011 in a mental health unit .
part of her sentence includes nine months for aiding a man