by .
amy oliver .
published : .
07:38 est , 9 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
07:41 est , 9 november 2012 .
concerns : ronald post , 53 , does not have accessible veins in his arms , hands or legs because he is so obese , a doctor said .
a 400lb death row killer is ` too fat ' to receive a lethal injection , his doctor said in a court filing .
ronald post , who is scheduled to die in january , does not have accessible veins in his arms , hands or legs because he is so obese , the doctor said .
post , 53 , now wants a federal judge to .
stop his execution on the grounds his weight could cause him to .
suffer severe pain during the procedure .
it is ` highly unlikely ' that an iv could be placed in post 's legs and ` extremely unlikely ' that veins could be found in his hands , ohio state medical center anesthesiologist sergio bergese said in affidavit filed on thursday .
post also has scars on his left and right forearms from a suicide attempt that make his veins inaccessible for an iv , bergese added .
the killer said his depression and scar tissue would also make it difficult for his executioners to administer a lethal injection .
post weighs more than 400lbs -lrb- 28.5 stone -rrb- , his doctor said , adding the killer had given blood in the past but had found it extremely difficult .
providing blood samples was no guarantee an iv could be inserted into post 's vein , the doctor added .
post was sentenced to death for shooting dead helen vantz in 1983 .
vantz 's son , bill , has called post 's arguments ` laughable ' .
fears : post is worried executioners at the southern ohio correctional facility will not be able to find a vein because of his weight .
arguments : richard cooey , who weighed 267lbs at the time of his execution in 2008 , argued his own case of being too big to die while holding prison food and limited opportunities to exercise responsible .
escaped death : in 1994 mitchell rupe , who weighed 400lbs while sentenced to death , had his sentence changed to life in