when einstein the elderly goldfish developed swim bladder disease , the future looked bleak .
the ailment , which is common in aquarium fish and controls their buoyancy , caused him to turn upside down and sink to the bottom of the tank .
but now things are looking up , after his owner leighton naylor , 32 , from blackpool , made him his very own life jacket .
scroll down for video .
not finished yet : einstein in his new life jacket made from recycled tubing which keeps him floating the right way up .
tanked up : the new swimming aid has allowed einstein to resume a normal life at his home in blackpool , lancashire .
the ` floating frame ' , made from recycled tubing which fits perfectly over his body , has enabled him to swim normally again .
warehouse worker mr naylor , 32 , said : ` einstein 's been suffering with ill health on and off for about two years .
` he 's always been a fighter so when he sunk to the bottom one day and could n't get back up again it was a very sorry sight .
` it broke my heart to see him so helpless .
he looked so depressed .
' i started looking at floating aids and saw one where an owner kept his koi carp afloat by attaching it to a wine bottle cork but that looked quite painful .
' i wanted to build something that would allow einstein to move his fins a little bit and be comfortable at the same time .
' mr naylor spent three hours designing the life jacket from fish tank aeration tubes , and adjusted the fit so it comfortably cradled einstein .
he added : ` he wriggled a bit a first and he was n't too keen on the idea .
` he kept catching on to plants and getting stuck but since i 've rearranged the tank to make it disability friendly he 's been absolutely fine .
' things are going swimmingly : einstein now has to be fed using a straw because his life jacket stops him getting to the surface .
disability : swim bladder disease is a common ailment among aquarium fish and affects their buoyancy .
the float means that einstein can not reach the