standing just steps from the heavily armed border with north korea , defense secretary chuck hagel said today that pyongyang is closely watching the international response to syria 's use of chemical weapons against its own people .
with north korean soldiers eying his every move , hagel told reporters that the u.s. has no plans to reduce its military presence in south korea , despite the ongoing budget crisis .
hagel 's visit is timed to the 60th anniversary of the signing of the mutual defense treaty between the u.s. and south korea , and to reinforce america 's commitment to the security of the peninsula and the asia-pacific region .
scroll down for video .
u.s. secretary of defense chuck hagel -lrb- right -rrb- walks past south korean soldiers with south korea 's defence minister kim kwan-jin -lrb- second left -rrb- in panmunjom , south korea today .
chuck hagel speaks during a ceremony honoring the 60th anniversary of the u.s. alliance with south korea today in seoul .
` there is no margin for error up here , ' hagel said after a stop in one of the three small blue conference houses that sit on the border of north and south korea .
` this is probably the only place in the world that we have always a risk of confrontation .
where the two sides are looking clearly and directly at each other all the time .
' inside the house , hagel stepped briefly onto the north korean side .
and when he moved back outside to speak to a crowd of reporters , north korean soldiers stepped up to the border just alongside the building and watched from about 40 feet away .
hagel said it 's been pretty clear that north korea , which also has a large stockpile of chemical weapons , has been monitoring the unfolding international effort to destroy syria 's chemical arsenal .
chuck hagel stands for a toast to the u.s.-south korean partnership , next to south korean president park geun-hye -lrb- left -rrb- in seoul today .
south korean soldiers stand guard inside a u.n. truce village building during a visit by members of the u.s. military with chuck hagel at the demilitarized zone -lrb- dmz -rrb- .
and while he 's not sure what message the north may take from the latest syrian developments ,