he almost lost his balance when he sat down at the start and briefly lost his composure when someone dropped the f-word but , the subject of rio ferdinand aside , this felt like a happy homecoming for ashley cole .
not always everyone 's cup of tea during a premier league career spent at arsenal and chelsea , cole returned to england for the first time as a roma player on monday and was quite the charmer .
there were no hard feelings towards chelsea for ending his eight-year stay at stamford bridge this summer and an acceptance that italy has yet to see the best of him .
ashley cole said an emotional farewell to chelsea fans at stamford bridge in may .
ashley cole was released by chelsea at the end of last season following eight years with the blues .
ashley cole was speaking to the press ahead of tuesday night 's game at the etihad stadium .
there were even a few wisecracks .
when a question was put jointly to him and rudi garcia , cole waited for the roma coach to finish a long-winded answer in italian before saying : ` i agree with him !
' for chelsea fans who are still coming to terms with seeing frank lampard playing -- and scoring -- against his old club , it will feel even more peculiar to consider the possibility of two of their 2012 champions league heroes facing one another with different clubs at the etihad on tuesday night .
asked if he was surprised to see lampard score four goals in three games for manchester city , cole said : ` not really .
i think everyone knows what lampard brings to every team .
` it 's another experienced player for city and he brings goals .
he scored one against chelsea .
he probably did n't like that but he 's paid to do a job .
ashley cole could come up against former chelsea teammate frank lampard .
` it will be nice to see him but i never expected to play against him .
i do n't think chelsea were wrong -lrb- to let them both go -rrb- .
a decision was made and i 'm fine with it .
i had eight great years there and i still speak to the staff and players .
`