a syrian woman has revealed how she was lured away from her life as a school teacher and became a member of a female isis brigade before fleeing the group after witnessing crucifixions and beheadings .
the defector , only known as khadija , grew up in syria and taught elementary school pupils in the country , but left her old life after being convinced to join isis by a man she met online .
she became a member of the group 's female brigade , who are tasked with patrolling the streets of raqqa , making sure other women adhere to the rules of the islamic state .
scroll down for video .
the female isis defector , known only as khadija , has told her story of how she joined isis leaving her old life as a elementary school teacher behind .
but after witnessing violence such as crucifixions and beheadings , she became disillusioned and fled the group , and has now reached safety in turkey .
the 25-year-old told her story on cnn , saying at first she joined the protests against syrian president bashar al-assad , before meeting a tunisian man online , who persuaded her to join the islamic state .
she eventually moved to raqqa , where she joined the khansa'a brigade , who patrol the streets making sure women wear the clothing approved by the islamic state .
khadija was also trained to dismantle and fire weapons and paid $ 200 a month .
she explained that those found not to be adhering to the rules are lashed by a brigade member known as umm hamza .
a female isis brigade member in raqqa , who are tasked with making sure women are wearing the correct clothing .
khadija told cnn : ` she 's not a normal female .
she 's huge , she has an ak , a pistol , a whip , a dagger and she wears the niqab .
' she also told how brigade commander umm rayan would say , ` we are harsh with the infidels , but merciful among ourselves .
' but despite being part of the brigade and receiving money for her work , she started to become disillusioned with isis after seeing a crucifixion of a 16-year-old boy accused of rape and beheadings .
deilar kanj khamis , who was the first