by .
alex finnis for mailonline .
china will overtake america to become the world 's biggest economy in just 10 years , according to a report .
the u.s. has been the world 's economic leader for more than a century , but now , a huge rise in consumer spending in china is expected to see it passed in 2024 .
chinese consumer spending is predicted to triple over the next decade , according to an ihs report - increasing from $ 3.5 trillion to $ 10.5 trillion .
scroll down for video .
chinese nominal gdp is predicted to reach $ 28.3 trillion in 2024 thanks to increased consumer spending .
this would boost their gdp to $ 28.3 trillion , surpassing the usa 's expected $ 27.4 trillion - using today 's prices .
u.s. gdp is currently still significantly higher than china 's - $ 17.4 trillion compared with $ 10trillion .
but with experts predicting china 's consumer spending to grow at an average rate of 7.7 per cent per year , things look set to change .
using the same method of measuring as ihs , china was not expected to surpass america until 2028 , a centre for economics and business research report said .
rajiv biswas , ihs 's chief asia economist , said : ` china 's economy is expected to re-balance towards more rapid growth in consumption , which will help the structure of the domestic economy as well as growth for the asia pacific -lrb- apac -rrb- as a region .
` china 's economy will play an even bigger role as a key driver of global trade and investment flows .
' if ihs 's predictions are correct , china will hold one-fifth of the world 's gdp by 2025 - up from 12 per cent today .
this surge in chinese consumer spending will also help other south east asian countries , as they will benefit from increased trade .
while the ihs study says china will take 10 years to overtake the u.s. economy , another method of measuring suggests it may actually happen this year .
the ihs report is based on nominal gdp , which does not accurately reflect the cost of living , whereas the purchasing power parity method -lrb- ppp -rrb- measures the relative value of different currencies .
although it