by .
daily mail reporters .
ex-snl star turned christian crusader victoria jackson is running for a county commission seat in tennessee and has opened up about her past and why she loves her adopted state in a revealing new interview .
` nashville has two of my favorite things : jesus and show business , ' she said as she revealed that the holy bible she found sitting in her dentist 's office has her thrilled she moved to the state .
whether personally or as a commissioner , saving souls is on jackson 's to-do list , something she admits once drew the ire of her snl cast mate al franken .
scroll down for video ... crusader : snl actress turned christian crusading tea partier -lrb- pictured here protesting taxes in 2010 with a ukelele -rrb- is running for local office in tennessee and recently gave a revealing interview as part of her campaign .
the tennessean sat with jackson at her thompson 's station home for an interview printed tuesday .
and a look into her recent activities suggests another pet project could be ridding her new home of muslims who might disagree .
` civilization jihad hits home -lrb- my back yard , literally -rrb- , ' the 54-year-old former actress wrote on her website after a muslim man named daoud abudiab moved into her neighborhood .
after abudiab , who is director of the islamic center of columbia , shot back at the comedienne , she posted a list of terror attacks committed by muslims in the name of their religion .
` he 's afraid of me !? ' she balked .
one of jackson 's pet projects is battling against plans to put a mosque in nearby murfreesboro .
she 's also pitted herself against a local school district after she believed it taught from a sex ed textbook called it 's perfectly normal that she found too explicit .
the district has denied using the book in ` fourth grade classrooms ' as jackson had publicized on her blog .
diverse platform : jackson , seen here with catholic former presidential candidate rick santorum , has pet projects in her adopted county that include stopping muslims from moving in and ending sex education in local schools .
hell bound : jackson revealed in an interview out this week that her former