maybe it was that monotone brummie voice .
maybe it was his bloke-down-the-pub approach to introducing itv 's coverage of live football .
or maybe it was just the fact that he brought us the world cup from brazil last summer while wearing an unflattering pair of shorts on copacabana beach .
the news that adrian chiles has been rather unceremoniously dumped by his employers is unlikely to plunge the country into national mourning .
adrian chiles , who has been replaced as itv 's lead football host , pictured in west london on friday .
chiles sports shorts and flip flops while presenting itv 's live world cup coverage in brazil last summer .
at best , he was television marmite .
but the people who were turned off by his chummy -- some would say irritating -- style in the studio seem to be far greater in number than those who were n't .
essentially , chiles always appeared to lack what was required to carry off such a key role .
he possessed neither the suave composure of des lynam or the presence and professional input of gary lineker .
it takes more than a stint on working lunch and the one show to achieve that .
he took to jabbering at his expert studio pundits , oblivious to roy keane 's death stares and the fact that no-one was laughing at his jokes or cared in the slightest that he supports west bromwich albion .
former manchester united midfielder roy keane -lrb- centre -rrb- left itv prior to last summer 's world cup in brazil .
pougatch and chiles both work for bbc radio 5 live , with chiles being handed an expanded role last summer .
there is nothing wrong with trying to establish a rapport with your guests and viewers , but chiles seemed to want a little too much of the limelight .
his move from the bbc to front itv 's coverage of champions league football and england internationals in 2010 always felt like a bad plan , not least because it briefly exposed us to his replacement colin murray on match of the day 2 .
murray found a new home and no doubt chiles will as well .
he will be back and we should wish him well until then .
after all , far worse crimes have been committed