thomas eric duncan 's temperature spiked to 103f during the hours of his initial visit to an emergency room - a fever that was flagged with an exclamation point in the hospital 's record-keeping system , according to his newly-released medical records today .
despite telling a nurse that he had recently been in africa and displaying other symptoms that could indicate ebola , the man who would become the only person to die from the disease in the u.s. underwent a battery of tests and was eventually sent home .
duncan 's family provided his medical records today , more than 1,400 pages in all .
they encompass his time in the er , his urgent return to the hospital two days later and chronicle his steep decline as his organs began to fail .
scroll down for video .
thomas eric duncan , 42 , is the first person to die from the recent ebola outbreak on u.s. soil .
he passed away on wednesday morning at a dallas hospital .
josephus weeks , nephew of ebola patient thomas eric duncan who died earlier this week in dallas , looks through hundreds of pages of medical documents in a hotel room today .
duncan carried the deadly virus with him from his home in liberia , though he showed no symptoms when he left for the united states .
he arrived in dallas on september 20 and fell ill several days later .
when he first showed up at texas health presbyterian hospital , the man complained of abdominal pain , dizziness , a headache and decreased urination .
he reported severe pain - rating it an eight on a scale of 10 .
doctors gave him ct scans to rule out appendicitis , stroke and numerous other serious ailments .
ultimately , he was prescribed antibiotics and told to take tylenol , then returned to the apartment where he was staying with his partner , louise troh , her son and two adult nephews .
in spite of his fever , a physician 's note dated september 26 , said duncan was ` negative for fever and chills ' .
' i have given patient instructions regarding their diagnosis , expectations for the next couple of days , and specific return precautions , ' according to the emergency room physician 's note .
` the condition of