sepp blatter has hit back at attacks from fa chairman greg dyke and other european officials , claiming they were the ` most disrespectful ' thing he had ever experienced .
dyke had told blatter at a meeting of uefa countries on tuesday his claim that racism was behind world cup corruption allegations in the british media was ` offensive and totally unacceptable ' .
dutch fa president michael van praag also told blatter in blunt terms that he should step down from fifa next year and not stand for a fifth term .
video scroll down to watch sepp blatter entertaining with his awkward dance moves .
all smiles : fifa president sepp blatter at the 64th fifa congress in sao paulo , brazil .
blatter told a news conference after the fifa congress in sao paulo : ' i have had to accept a number of blows but what i saw and heard at the uefa meeting was the most disrespectful thing i have experienced in my entire life , on the football pitch and in my home .
' blatter 's position has been hugely strengthened however after fifa delegates dealt a crushing blow to moves to bring in term limits and age limits for officials .
it effectively giving the green light to blatter to stand for re-election next year .
uefa and a number of european federations , including the fa , had proposed bringing in limits but that was defeated in a vote at fifa 's congress in sao paulo .
the decision leaves the way open for 78-year-old blatter to stay in office next year - and for many years beyond - and he made it clear to fifa 's 209 member nations that he intends to stand again .
he told delegates : ` the candidature period is not yet open so no one can be a candidate .
i know that my mandate will finish next year on june 29 in zurich - but my mission is not finished .
` and i tell you together we will build the new fifa together .
we have the foundations today .
congress will decide who will take this great institution forward .
ready : blatter has indicated he is ready to seek a fifth successive term .
` it 's a tough decision but i can tell you i am ready to