barclays chairman sir david walker defended the bank 's decision to pay out # 1.86 billion in bonuses .
furious barclays shareholders vented frustration at the generous pay packages handed to hundreds of its top traders yesterday -- with one investor asking : ` what has their `` talent '' ever done for us ?
' the scandal-hit lender faced a barrage of criticism from long-suffering investors , many of them pensioners , at its annual general meeting in london .
shareholders are reeling from big losses in their investments and pension funds as barclays ' share price has plunged since the financial crisis .
last year its profits dropped again by 21 per cent to # 2.3 billion after it was hit by huge bills for wrongdoing .
but yesterday chairman sir david walker defended the bank 's decision to pay out # 1.86 billion in bonuses , including packages of more than # 1million to 359 employees .
group chief executive antony jenkins saw his pay package more than triple to # 5.5 million , after opting to accept a # 1.1 million bonus .
facing criticism over the pay package , sir david claimed the bank needed to pay ` competitively ' to attract the best talent .
but the argument received short shrift from investors who have seen barclays fork out billions for various scandals while the share price has fallen from # 7 to just under # 2.60 .
during the height of the financial crisis in 2009 they fell to 47p , leaving many savers who sold their shares with huge losses .
shareholder phil clarke said : ` employees should share the wealth created by great companies .
my problem is what happens when there is no success -- and there is limited success in this company .
' referring to monty python 's ` what have the romans ever done for us ' sketch , mr clarke said : ` i 'd like to paraphrase monty python and ask what has all this `` talent '' done for us ?
` the answer is this talent has made losses for shareholders , destroyed value and dragged our reputation through the mud to the extent that banker has become a dirty word .
yet these people have enjoyed massive salaries and we 've paid for it .
' at the meeting , barclays