an army of airborne drones could soon be used to bring mobile phone signal and wireless internet access to the remotest parts of the uk .
britain 's biggest mobile phone group ee has begun working on the technology , which it hopes to deploy by the end of the decade .
using unmanned drones to broadcast phone signal to rural communities is cheaper than erecting traditional masts , it says .
ee has revealed its manifesto to improve network coverage in the uk as part of its signalling the future manifesto .
they want more than 99 per cnet of the country to have 4g by 2017 .
by the same year 90 per cent of the uk will also have access to double-speed 4g , accomplished using unmanned drones and balloons .
the devices , called air masts , are still at an early stage of development .
but early plans indicate they will be able to fly 0.6 miles -lrb- 1km -rrb- into the air in order to pick up signal from masts up to 12 miles -lrb- 20km -rrb- away .
ee has announced that it plans to spend # 1.5 billion -lrb- $ 2.3 billion -rrb- upgrading its 4g network across the uk .
by 2017 the company wants to ensure that its services are extended , especially rural areas , with the goal of giving more than 99 per cent of the country access to 4g .
to do so , they will use tethered-balloons and drones to reach remote areas , such as setting up temporary 4g areas at music festivals .
their ` signalling the future ' manifesto is designed to tackle the uk 's changing digital infrastructure needs .
this will include a rural investment programme to vastly improve voice and data services for the uk 's countryside areas .
and they plan to supply more than 90 per cent of the population with access to double-speed 4g by the same year , capable of speeds of up to 60mbps .
and so-called 4g + , faster than regular 4g , will be rolled out to the 20 biggest uk cities by 2017 , with speeds of 150mbps .
they will then beam this signal into the area below it , allowing villages below to make mobile phone calls and access the internet .
this avoids the need to expensive cables