it was claimed to be the most expensive house in texas worth an estimated $ 20 million when it went on the market around 2008 following the divorce of media moguls doug and melanie johnson .
with little interest in the 24,000 square foot house , which has eight bedrooms and 14 bathrooms , the seller was forced to cut $ 10 million off the price .
despite this , potential buyers failed to meet the asking price , so mrs johnson has cut the price down to $ 4,999,999 in a final bid to sell the property .
scroll down for video .
the ` european style house ' is 24,000 square foot and was built by tv moguls doug and melanie johnson in 1997 .
the house was initially put on the market for $ 20 million but after it failed to sell , $ 10 million was cut from the asking price .
despite the massive price reduction , nobody bought the luxurious property , which has marble floors and counter tops .
local media reports in texas claim that beyonce , who is from houston , and several oil barons have all expressed an interest in buying the palatial house .
the massive property is located in piney point , a wooded area to the west of houston .
the johnsons divorced in 2008 and the channel 51 tv station founded by mr johnson filed for bankruptcy as a result of the divorce .
according the estate agents handling the sale the property is ' a magnificent estates in prestigious shady point sub-division .
' the house is described as being ` european designed ' and features ` hand painted gold leaf , vaulted ceilings , marble columns and dual spiral staircase .
' outside the property , there is a pool , outdoor kitchen as well as ` waterfall and lush gardens ' .
it is understood that the house cost more than $ 16 million to build and sits on about 40,000 square foot of land .
as well as marble , many of the surfaces in the property are made from hardwood and is fully centrally heated and air conditioned .
among one of the main features of the property is the 1920s-style theme bar , with marble counter , hardwood floors and recessed lighting .
the opulent property is in the prestigious