seven decades of separation has seen even the language of north and south korea split into two different dialects .
the two countries , though enemies , are tied together by history , by family and by language - but only to a point .
south koreans have incorporated many english words and phrases into their language while isolated communist north korea has eliminated words with foreign origins and created homegrown substitutes .
north korean defector pak mi-ok ended up going without water during a meal in the south because she was too shy to admit she did n't understand the term ` self-service ' for those south of the divide , english-based words like ` shampoo , ' ` juice ' and ` self-service ' are common .
but they mean absolutely nothing to defectors from the insular north korea .
when pak mi-ok first arrived in south korea after her defection in 2002 , she was told by a waitress at a restaurant that water was ` self-service , ' an english phrase she had not heard before .
she ended up going without water during her meal because she was too shy to admit she did n't understand .
' i worried the waitress would look down on me , ' she told the associated press .
she started out working at restaurants but struggled to understand customers .
' i thought they spoke a different language , ' she said .
but she gradually picked up the new vocabulary and uses words like ` stress ' and ` claim ' that are not heard up in the north .
similarly , people in seoul are confused by homegrown north korean words like ` salgyeolmul , ' which literally translates to ` skin water ' - but is just ` lotion ' in the south .
the korean peninsula 's 70-year split has created a widening linguistic divide that produces misunderstandings , hurt feelings and sometimes even laughter .
the north 's isolation near-worship of the ruling kim family -lrb- pictured centre , leader kim jong-un -rrb- has also skewed the language .
the gap has grown so wide that about a third of everyday words used in the two countries are different , according to scholars .
north and south koreans are generally able to understand each other given that the majority of words and grammar