sportsmail 's takes a look at the premier league 's forgotten men , who have yet to or hardly feature for their respective top-flight clubs so far this season .
andrew magee highlights the top five from this campaign ... scott sinclair -lrb- manchester city -rrb- .
2014-15 pl appearances : 1 .
approx wage : # 45,000 a week .
sinclair played in the community shield and city 's 7-0 win over sheffield wednesday in the capital one cup , but as a late sub , as he was against crystal palace last saturday .
since joining city in 2012 , the winger has played just 18 times .
even on loan at west brom last season he only featured in 11 games .
scott sinclair has made just the solitary appearance for manchester city in the premier league so far .
sinclair comes on as a 89th minute substitute in city 's most recent 3-0 win over crystal palace on saturday .
rio ferdinand -lrb- qpr -rrb- .
2014-15 pl apps : 7 .
approx wage : # 40,000 .
ferdinand was reunited with his old boss harry redknapp over the summer , but the honeymoon period did not last long .
he started at the centre of the qpr defence , but after several mistakes was left out .
his last appearance came in a 2-0 defeat at west ham in october and he has had to settle for a place on the bench since .
rio ferdinand last featured for qpr against former side west ham at the beginning of october .
ferdinand watches on from the bench during saturday 's 3-2 win over west brom .
matija nastasic -lrb- manchester city -rrb- .
2014-15 pl apps : 0 .
approx wage : # 75,000 .
the serb was a useful player under roberto mancini , but has gone from vincent kompany 's potential partner to barely getting a look in under manuel pellegrini .
after being told he could leave in the summer , nastasic played in the community shield , but has not featured since with pellegrini rarely mentioning his name .
matija nastasic has failed to make any kind of impression on city boss manuel pellgrini .
anderson -lrb- manchester united -rrb- .
2014-15 pl apps : 1 .
approx wage : # 60,000 .
anderson has never lived up to his billing