jailed : royal marine sergeant alexander blackman was given a 10-year minimum life sentence .
the wife of a marine jailed for executing a taliban fighter has denied that he is a murderer .
sergeant alexander blackman was given a life sentence for the killing earlier this month .
video footage played at his trial showed sgt blackman shooting dead the captured insurgent at close range .
the soldier , known throughout his trial as marine a , must serve a minimum of ten years .
the head of the armed forces , general sir nick houghton , was extremely critical of sgt blackman 's conduct , insisting he had committed a ` heinous crime ' and that ` murder is murder ' .
but his wife claire has criticised the sentence , insisting that her husband must not be compared to a common murderer .
` he 's held his hands up , ' she said .
` what he has not done in my eyes is commit murder .
he genuinely thought , and i have absolutely no reason to disbelieve him , that that insurgent was already dead .
' she said her husband is ashamed of his actions , and that his behaviour was a moment of madness brought on by the mental strain of active service .
she told the daily telegraph : ` he 's been convicted of murder , but everything that defines al points me and everyone who knows him in completely the opposite direction -- he is not made that way .
` if you ask someone what murder is in this country , they might say someone stabbing a little old lady in the high street .
death on active service in a war zone in somewhere like afghanistan is , sadly , an everyday occurrence .
i ca n't really imagine the horror or the pressure those lads were under .
' the case of marine a provoked an outpouring of public support from those who believe his sentence was unduly harsh .
by last night more than 41,000 people had signed a petition to downing street calling for his immediate release .
shooting : footage captured by a camera mounted on the helmet of a royal marine showing sgt alexander blackman during a patrol in afghanistan in which an insurgent was killed .
mrs blackman , 42 ,