by .
daily mail reporter .
recall : the food standards agency is warning customers not to eat tesco ¿ s own-brand chocolate & nut ice cream cones after painkilling tablets were spotted in two cones .
thousands of ice cream cones are being recalled after painkilling drugs were found in them .
the food standards agency is warning customers not to eat tesco 's own-brand chocolate and nut ice cream cones after tablets were spotted in two cones .
the supermarket is taking the four-packs off the shelves with sell-by dates up to and including july 2014 .
` as a precautionary measure , we have issued a product recall , ' said a tesco spokesman .
` we are urgently investigating this incident with our supplier and ask customers to return this product to their local store .
' a spokesman for the food standards agency said : ` if you have bought the product , do not eat it .
instead , return it to the store where you bought it for a full refund or contact tesco customer services on 0800 50 55 55 .
` no other tesco products are known to be affected .
' the supplier which makes the cones for tesco is r&r ice cream .
the frozen treats are the fourth in a series of products to be recalled by the supermarket giant this year .
in january it asked customers to return its finest belgian chocolate salted caramel and hazelnut ice cream because the packs had been incorrectly labelled .
they actually contained orange blossom honey and almond ice cream and the error made the product potentially dangerous to nut allergy sufferers .
later in the year the supermarket 's own-brand yeast extracts were recalled because of a risk of high levels of histamine .
in august , tesco 's range of ready meals were taken off the shelves because they contained mouldy rice .
eight products in the ambient range were affected , including jalfrezi , szechuan chicken , chilli con carne and tikka masala .
precaution : the supermarket is taking the four-packs of ice cream off the shelves with sell-by dates up to and including july 2014 -lrb- file picture -rrb- .