mike penning , the justice minister , will close a legal loophole to ensure driving bans for those jailed for causing deaths start when they are released .
dangerous drivers who have killed on the roads in the uk will banned from getting behind the wheel for longer under new plans being considered by the government .
at the moment driving bans begin as soon as sentences begin , which means most people jailed for causing death by dangerous driving serve out their bans while in prison .
but under a new scheme announced by mike penning , the justice minister , the bans will only come into force once offenders have left prison - keeping dangerous drivers off the roads for longer .
he called the current system - allowing offenders to get behind the wheel soon after being released - was ` abhorrent .
' ` if you have lost a loved one to a motorist who was drunk , driving recklessly or using a mobile phone , it is nothing short of an insult to see the killer leave prison and get straight behind the wheel of a car again , ' he told the sunday telegraph .
the new measures will build on a pledge by ministers to allow judges to extend the period that dangerous drivers who cause deaths are kept off the roads .
campaign group roadpeace said that fewer than one in 10 drivers who caused deaths are banned from getting back behind the wheel for more than three years .
mr penning said he plans to use powers in the 2009 coroners and justice act to ensure driving bans for dangerous drivers who cause deaths begin only on the day they leave prison .
he said the rules could be in force in weeks .
campaigners have also called for reckless drivers to be given longer sentences , with around just two thirds of drivers convicted of causing death by dangerous or careless driving while under the influence of drugs or alcohol being jailed for five years or less .
the maximum sentence is 14 years in prison .
government plans to give judges more powers to impose longer driving bans have stalled recently and have been stuck during debate stages at the house of lords and house of commons .
the new regulations could affect the sentences of dangerous drivers like