kamara james , 29 , who battled schizophrenia for years , was found dead in her california apartment .
an olympic fencer who battled schizophrenia for years has been found dead in her california apartment .
kamara james , 29 , from queens , new york , represented the united states at the 2004 olympic games in athens .
she was found september 20 at an apartment in modesto where she lived alone .
a spokesperson for the coroner said her death is still under investigation - it does not appear suspicious , and suicide is not believed to be the cause .
james battled the mental health condition since her senior year at princeton , but was thought to be doing well recently .
james , who was born in kingston , jamaica , and raised by her mother in queens , began fencing aged nine after being introduced by a charity .
` it was difficult , ' she once told the new york daily news .
` but fencing helped me break out of my shell .
i was always over-thinking things .
then i found a way to challenge myself physically and mentally .
' by her teenage years she was a world junior bronze medalist , earning herself a scholarship spot at a prestigious new york city private school and later to princeton .
even though she did not have the financial backing , according to usa fencing , james developed a business plan .
an internship at morgan stanley led to a $ 50,000 grant from the firm to support her olympic expenses where she competed aged 19 and got a bronze medal .
but behind the scenes her family was fractured - she refused to name her father who lived in jamaica , although she got on well with her stepfather who died of a brain tumor in 1996 , saying it was a ` different experience to have a male figure in my home life .
' her relationship with her mother was poor - they were estranged before she died - and james told the new york daily news in 2004 : ` she 's not a big part of my life .
' usa 's kamara james , right , and russia 's tatiana logounova during their preliminary bout in the women 's individual epee competition at the 2004 olympic