by .
hannah roberts .
last updated at 10:27 am on 1st october 2011 .
it was intended to her portray her as an ordinary mom , keen to make savings for her family .
but michelle obama 's casual slip-out trip to target is being met with scepticism , as media personalities deride the ` incognito ' visit as a well-timed pr stunt .
only last month the first lady was accused of indulging in luxury holidays worth $ 10million dollars on the tax payers ' dime .
first lady michelle obama , wearing a hat and sunglasses , center , stands in line at a target department store .
and barely a week ago , the 47-year-old mother-of-two was criticised for wearing $ 40,000 diamonds to a fund-raising event .
but with obama 's domestic popularity at one .
of its lowest ebbs , she seems determined to her fight her husband 's .
re-election battle by her self-proclaimed campaign wife motto of ` do no .
harm ' .
showing the world that she really can do recession chic , mrs obama headed to a target store in alexandria , virginia , on thursday afternoon .
secret service officers reportedly swept the store on highway 1 , 30 minutes before mrs obama popped in for her housewives ' essentials - dog food and cleaning products .
wearing a nike baseball cap , sunglasses and a floral-print button-down shirt , the glamorous mother walked in .
through the main entrance with just one assistant , an unknown female aide .
the fashionable lawyer spent about 30 minutes .
minutes shopping , pushing her own trolley .
she was recognised only by the .
cashier who rang up her purchases , today reported .
maria panagopulos , a store manager at .
the target in alexandria , told nbc news claimed the store was given no .
advance notice about the first lady 's visit .
mrs obama checked .
out at around 3.30 pm she said , and daughters , sasha and malia , were .
not with her .
woman of the people : first lady michelle wearing a hat and sunglasses , stands in line at the superstore .
anonymous helper : the unknown aide juggles two blackberries as they pair wait in line at the check out at target on thursday .
plane stylish :