frank lampard is ` still playing like he 's 18 years old ' and driving manchester city 's premier league title race with former club chelsea , according to pablo zabaleta .
full-back zabaleta hailed lampard 's growing influence as the city hierarchy consider whether to seek an extension to the 36-year-old 's etihad stadium loan deal .
former chelsea and england midfielder lampard fired his 174th premier league goal in city 's 3-0 victory at southampton on sunday .
pablo zabaleta -lrb- left -rrb- claims manchester city team-mate frank lampard is still playing ` like he 's 18-years-old ' lampard celebrates with zabaleta following man city 's 3-0 win over southampton as james milner watches on .
premier league starts : two .
substitute appearances : six .
goals : three .
the ex-west ham star is scheduled to join new york city fc in january after leaving chelsea last summer , but manchester city remain keen to extend his stay in the north west .
` for me what makes frank lampard special is how professional he is in training : this is what i appreciate from him , ' said zabaleta .
` you see him at training : he is the first to arrive on the training ground and the last to go home .
` he won everything with chelsea , he 's a legend in football and he 's still playing like he 's 18 years old .
' lampard coolly slotted city 's second and decisive goal at st mary 's on sunday , helping manuel pellegrini 's side shrug off a red card for defender eliaquim mangala .
city leapfrogged saints into second place in the premier league table , closing the gap on leaders chelsea to six points .
midfielder lampard scored manuel pellegrinis side 's second goal during sunday 's victory at st marys .
pellegrini 's men face sunderland on wearside on wednesday night , with midfield general yaya toure pledging to ignore criticis of his early-season fight for form .
the ivory coast star is ready to put a hectic 12 months behind him and lead city 's title race against jose mourinho 's chelsea .
toure , who struck city 's first goal at saints on sunday , has endured the death of his brother , detractors of his form and a spat with club bosses over