secretary of health and human services kathleen sebelius said thursday that 7.5 million americans had enrolled in obamacare insurance coverage by the time the dust settled on april 1 , but reused to tell senators how many of them were already covered before the law took full effect .
the question is an important one : republicans claim that most of those who signed up are americans who lost their existing policies in 2013 because they did n't meet the affordable care act 's strict and sometimes bewildering minimum standards .
president barack obama promised that his signature insurance overhaul law would dramatically reduce the ranks of the uninsured .
democrats hope the numbers turn out to show he 's delivered on that pledge .
' i do not have data to give you right now in terms of who exactly was previously uninsured , ' sebelius told utah republican sen. orrin hatch during a senate finance committee hearing focused on her agency 's 2015 budget request .
scroll down for video .
deer , meet headlights : health and human services secretary kathleen sebelius could n't answer the thorny question of how many obamacare enrollees already had insurance before the affordable care act kicked in .
delivering ?
president barack obama , shown thursday speaking at the lyndon b. johnson presidential library , has promised for years that his signature health insurance law would insure everyone , or nearly everyone , in america .
she said hhs is still collecting that data from insurance companies since it has no way of tracking the previous insurance status of individual enrollees .
it 's possible that both sides could be right on the question of the law 's impact .
a rand corporation report released days ago estimates that 9.3 million people are newly insured since the obamacare law kicked in .
but a large majority of those gains are due to americans who received new coverage from their employers , not through the government-run insurance exchanges .
and rand concluded that some of the uptick was due to the normal churn of the industry , which sees new insurance customers entering the marketplace and others dropping out every month .
the report also found that 5.2 million americans lost their coverage in the wake of the affordable care act 's calamitous fall rollout .
sebelius touted rand 's 9.3 million