by .
associated press .
a commencement speaker fed up with the recent wave of students shaming speaker choices at multiple colleges blasted graduates as ` immature ' and ` arrogant .
' former princeton university president william bowen used his sunday commencement speech at haverford college , in suburban philadelphia , to criticize students who campaigned against the speaker he replaced - robert birgeneau , former chancellor of the university of california , berkeley .
dozens of students demanded he write a letter explaining his reasons for calling in police to disperse a 2011 occupy protest on the ucb campus , and to support payments for protesters harmed by police during the dispersal , birgeneau instead withdrew .
irate : william bowen , former president of princeton university , issued a sharp rebuke to ` immature , ' ` arrogant ' student protests that forced former university of california at berkeley president robert birgeneau to withdraw from speaking at haverford college 's commencement .
' i am disappointed that those who wanted to criticize birgeneau 's handling of events at berkeley chose to send him such an intemperate list of ` demands , ' bowen said , according to the philadelphia inquirer .
` in my view , they should have encouraged him to come and engage in a genuine discussion , not to come , tail between his legs , to respond to an indictment that a self-chosen jury had reached without hearing counter-arguments .
' forced out : former university of california at berkeley president robert j. birgeneau was to be commencement speaker at haverford college until protested caused him to cancel .
birgeneau is among several commencement speakers who canceled their appearances this spring amid student protests , and bowen 's criticism did not stop there .
' i think that birgeneau , in turn , responded intemperately , failing to make proper allowance for the immature , and , yes , arrogant inclinations of some protestors , ' bowen continued .
` aggravated as he had every right to be , i think he should be with us today .
' more than 40 students and three professors had protested birgeneau 's invitation to speak , objecting to his handling of a 2011 incident at berkeley in which police used force at a student protest during the occupy movement .
the group wanted birgeneau to