an acid attack survivor who used to hide her face has bravely posed for a fashion photo shoot with her friends and fellow survivors , all of whom wore her own designs .
the photo shoot includes five young indian acid attack victims photographed by rahul saharan in rupa 's clothing collection , called rupa designs .
rupa , rita , sonam , laxmi and chanchal have all been the victims of horrendous acid attacks .
scroll down for video .
inspirational : acid attack survivors pose as models for a fashion shoot -lrb- from left to right : laximi , rita , rupa -rrb- .
they have spent years hiding their faces - until now .
united , they have come forward and decided to take part in the fashion shoot .
rupa , 22 , said : ' i always wanted to be a designer but after the attack there was a pause in my life .
i was so insecure and embarrassed by my scars i used to cover my face with a scarf .
i always hung onto my dream but i never knew that one day it would be possible and i would be launching my own label .
' rupa -lrb- right -rrb- has designed the collection of clothes for the shoot and says she refuses to let her attack destroy her dreams of becoming a designer .
rupa and rita have spent years hiding their faces but have now bravely come forward for the shoot .
but these young women have now shown their attackers they will no longer hide their faces and deserve to live a life of dignity .
rupa , who dropped her surname after she disowned her father for supporting her stepmother after she attacked her with acid , teamed up with a charity campaign stop acid attacks and decided to fight for justice for herself and other acid attack fighters .
stop acid attacks work extensively with acid attack survivors , helping them back into society and bolstering their self-esteem .
laximi poses in rupa 's colourful designs in an inspirational photo shoot .
they have also created chhaon , a support centre for acid attack survivors .
it 's a clean , safe and comfortable environment for them to spend time in while they receive medical aid .
chhaon has also become a meeting house for all