by .
daniel miller .
published : .
06:49 est , 14 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:48 est , 14 june 2013 .
airbus 's new a350 passenger jet , a rival to boeing 's problematic 787 dreamliner , has completed its .
maiden flight without a hitch .
watched by more than 10,000 staff and spectators , the aircraft 's curled wingtips sliced into clouds above the airbus factory in southwestern france and flew over the pyrenees mountains , with a crew of six wearing orange jumpsuits and parachutes .
the flight , with two former fighter pilots at the controls , lasted about four hours and capped eight years of development estimated to have cost $ 15 billion .
touchdown : the airbus a350 lands on the runway by the company 's factory in toulouse , france , after a successful maiden flight .
job done : looking more like astronauts than airline pilots , the new plane 's flight test crew , are applauded after completing the successful flight .
streamlined : the flight , with two former fighter pilots at the controls , lasted about four hours and capped eight years of development estimated to have cost $ 15 billion .
` the airplane is behaving extremely well , ' said british chief test pilot peter chandler , speaking by radio link from an altitude of 13,000 feet .
french co-pilot guy magrin took the controls for the take-off at 10:01 local time -lrb- 0801 gmt -rrb- , giving the plane air under its wings for the first time in front of a podium of airline chiefs who have ordered 613 aircraft .
it touched down at 14:05 local time , after flying past the toulouse production site .
` it is a great day for airbus .
a maiden flight does n't happen that often .
it is not like the auto industry , where you launch a new model every two years or even less , ' said tom enders , the head of airbus parent eads .
speaking by radio link from an altitude of 13,000 feet , british chief test pilot peter chandler , said the a350 was ` behaving extremely well ' timing : the test flight comes three days before the start of the biennial paris air show , where airbus and boeing traditionally do battle