no hollywood wedding would be complete without an extreme pre-nup in case of an unhappy ending .
but while most pre-wedding contracts are drawn up to protect spouses in cases of wandering hands or financial misdemeanours , controlling kanye west is said to have demanded a clause banning his wife-to-be from having any more surgery .
according to reports in this week 's heat magazine the musician , whose mother died on the operating table , hit the roof when he saw messages between kim and her surgeons discussing her next bout of body maintenance .
and so the 36-yr-old demanded kim refrain from ` lipo , botox , another nose job .
' this will be a bitter pill to swallow for the 33-year-old reality star who has seemingly spent years perfecting her face .
fortunately one of the ways that kim maintains her youthful looks does n't have anything to do with a doctor 's scalpel .
kim kardashian 's face has changed dramatically .
since she first hit the headlines in 2006 -lrb- left -rrb- but now her future .
husband kanye west has banned her from anymore surgery .
since she first hit the headlines in 2006 kim 's face has changed dramatically and her rising hairline has been the source of constant speculation .
while some have hinted at a full hairline lift , a painful and expensive procedure that can leave scarring , most experts agree that kim has used laser surgery on her forehead to remove hair and give her a new hairline .
surgeon asim shahmalak , hair loss expert on channel 4 medical show embarrassing bodies , said that kim kardashian has almost certainly had the ` baby hair ' from the front of her hairline removed .
he said this can be done temporarily by waxing or more permanently through laser removal .
dr shahmalak , from the crown clinic hair transplant centre in manchester , agreed : ` it is very likely that kim kardashian has had the baby hairs around hairline removed .
kim , pictured here in 2007 and 2008 , has transformed her hairline over the years and experts claim that she has undergone laser hair removal .
` this can be done by waxing - a similar procedure to how women remove hair from their legs or bikini line .
` but it is more