a model mother-of-two claims her millionaire husband offered to pay a hitman $ 80,000 to have her murdered in a fit of jealousy after she wanted to return to work and posed for these raunchy modelling photos .
monica , 32 , gave up her catwalk career to marry the former waste disposal magnate turned vitamin tycoon dino guglielmelli in 2003 .
but after the births of their two daughters she wanted to return to work .
she launched her own skin by monica olsen beauty line with the help of guglielmelli and it went national through duane reade and walgreens .
she began talks about developing a film from a comic strip based on monica .
` hit the roof ' : a source said the tipping point for monica olsen 's husband dino guglielmelli was when she posed for these pictures .
her ` jealous ' husband hated the thought of men ogling at her , claimed a source .
jealous : ` it .
was a professional shoot in an la studio , there was a team of .
assistants , make up artists and stylists .
but dino accused monica and kenneth of getting too close , ' a source said .
monica tried to relaunch her acting and modeling career at the end .
of 2010 but her husband objected from the get-go , according to the .
source close to the investigation .
and when he discovered she had also .
done an underwear shoot with fashion photographer kenneth matthews he .
` hit the roof ; ' a source close the investigation claimed .
their relationship fell apart and they began a bitter custody battle over their two daughters .
some months later monica discovered her husband had been taped trying to hire a friend to kill her .
the burly 52-year-old is set to stand trial next month on attempted murder and solicitation to murder charges .
` he became insanely jealous .
he .
could not stand the idea that men were ogling his wife in raunchy magazines like maxim , ' the source said .
` the tipping point was a photo shoot she did with kenneth matthews in 2012 .
dino saw the pictures and hit the roof .
` it .
was a professional shoot in an la studio , there was a team of .
assistants ,