a forgotten magna carta manuscript which could be worth up to # 10million has been discovered in a victorian scrapbook in a kentish town 's archive .
it has been hailed an important historical find in the week the four original copies were brought together for the 800th anniversary of the charter which established the principle of the rule of law .
the parchment , discovered in sandwich 's archive , was ripped and a third had been lost , but experts were able to establish it was issued by edward i in 1300 .
speaking from paris , professor nicholas vincent , of the university of east anglia , who authenticated the document , said : ` it is a fantastic discovery which comes in the week that the four other known versions were brought together at the houses of parliament .
scroll down for video .
a forgotten magna carta manuscript which could be worth up to # 10million has been discovered , pictured the four original surviving copies were brought together for the first time at the british library .
king john signed the magna carta at runnymede , near windsor , in june 1215 -- a moment hailed as one of the most significant in english history .
` it is a fantastic piece of news for sandwich which puts it in a small category of towns and institutions that own a 1300 issue .
' archivist dr mark bateson discovered the historical document at the kent county council history and library centre in maidstone .
it is one of only 24 editions of the magna carta in known existence around the world .
professor vincent said the fact sandwich had its own magna carta means that is may have been issued more widely than previously thought to at least 50 cathedral towns and ports .
` and it is very likely that there are one or two out there somewhere that no one has spotted yet , ' he said .
more than 40,000 people entered a public ballot for the chance to see the four surviving original magna carta copies , but only 1,215 will get the opportunity .
the medieval history expert said the value of the sandwich edition could be up to # 10million .
the first magna carta was agreed between king john and the barons in 1215 and was reissued