this is not your typical hot air balloon ride .
while most tourists enjoy a tranquil glide through the air while enjoying the sights below , these thrill-seekers instead decided to throw themselves out of a hot air balloon basket and swing to a second balloon while attached to a rope .
youtube superstar devin ` supertramp ' graham and his team filmed the exhilarating moment which combined two seemingly tame activities , the hot air balloon ride and the rope swing , to create one heart-stopping stunt .
a hot air balloon ride with a difference : extreme sports enthusiasts have filmed themselves creating the world 's craziest rope swing .
thrill-seekers : youtube star devin ` supertramp ' graham filmed his crew throwing themselves from a hot air balloon .
cinematographer devin , 31 , specialises in extreme sports and adventure videos , pulling off mind-blowing stunts each week in videos watched by over 2.6 million subscribers .
in this video , devin filmed his team swinging 180ft though the air and to the ground in the desert outside las vegas , nevada , on october 29 .
the jumpers each held gopro cameras , capturing the stunt from different perspectives , while a helicopter was also used to take a bird 's eye view of the balloons .
stunt : the jumpers were tied to a rope that was attached to a second hot air balloon .
the face of fear : the jumpers captured the moment on gopro cameras with selfie sticks .
the videos were made in collaboration with the citi double cash card , with the idea of combining two fun activities into a double stunt made epic .
the thrilling video has had over 420,000 views since being uploaded one week ago .
a behind-the-scenes clip shows devin and his team setting up for the shoot in the desert , with some team members camping outside in the near-freezing temperature to protect the equipment .
up in the air : six of the team members braved a swing of 180ft through the air and to the ground .
do n't look down : the video was created in collaboration with citi double cash card .
remote : the stunt took place in the nevada desert on october 29 .
on his blog , devin , from salt lake city , writes that they