by .
anna edwards .
published : .
12:32 est , 12 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:29 est , 12 february 2013 .
an out-of-hours doctor has been jailed for two-and-a-half years for manslaughter after he failed to send a seriously ill diabetic man to hospital - diagnosing him as ` depressed with a headache ' .
dr bala kovvali ignored the classic signs of diabetes-related poisonous acids building up in 42-year-old andrew fellows ' body , a court heard .
instead of dialling 999 for an ambulance , the on-call locum told mr fellows ' mother that her son was depressed and had a headache and should see his own doctor the next day .
less than nine hours later mr fellows died at home from diabetic ketoacidosis .
sheffield crown court heard how mr fellows became thirsty in the week before he died .
a test which takes less than a minute would have alerted the gp to raised blood-sugar levels and it is ` virtually certain ' mr fellows would have survived with an insulin injection and rehydration .
jailing the doctor judge roger keen told him : ` it was criminal negligence and a wholly preventable death followed .
' experts who examined the case said any competent doctor would have recognised the classic symptoms of ketoacidosis and dr kovvali 's breach of duty to his patient was ` appalling and gross .
' it was revealed at sheffield crown court that the gp was based in india but flew to britain to work every summer for two or three months for the nationwide doctors ' deputising service primecare .
he was arrested in the united states and extradited after a sheffield coroner adjourned an inquest into mr fellows ' death for police investigations .
father-of-two kovvali , 64 , admitted causing the death of mr fellows by gross negligence in failing to carry out an adequate clinical assessment , failing to send mr fellows to hospital as an emergency and failing to diagnose diabetic ketoacidosis from which he died .
michael burrows qc , prosecuting , said mr fellows , who lived with his family in handsworth , sheffield had no medical history of diabetes but suffered from anxiety and depression .
in the week before his death , the painter and decorator was working outside and became restless and began