by .
rachel quigley .
published : .
14:34 est , 25 april 2012 .
| .
updated : .
08:18 est , 26 april 2012 .
andrew young told a court yesterday how john edwards described his life with cancer-stricken wife elizabeth as a ` living hell ' and how she confiscated his car keys and cell phone after she found out about the affair with mistress rielle hunter .
the prosecution finally had the opportunity to cross examine the defense 's star witness on his third day on the stand , where they branded him a liar and exaggerator who was using edwards to make money and use him as his ` ticket to the top ' .
they highlighted discrepancies in his book , subsequent tv interviews and before a grand jury and tried to portray the former aide as bitter against edwards , asking him : ` you really hate him do n't you ?
' troubles : andrew young told the court yesterday that john edwards described life with elizabeth as a ` living hell ' after she found out about the affair .
during the grilling by attorney abbe lowell , young admitted he called elizabeth edwards ursula - after the evil sea witch from disney 's the little mermaid .
the defense 's cross examination of andrew young started yesterday .
the defense team also highlighted inconsistencies and mistakes he had made in the book the politician : an insider 's account of john edwards ' pursuit of the presidency and the scandal that brought him down , according to abc .
lowell asked him : ` is n't it true that in each and every case you 've lied ?
is n't it fair you viewed mr edwards as .
your ticket to the top and your only chance at prestige ?
' young admitted he ` believed working for a .
future president could lead to great things ' .
using his earlier testimony , in which he admitted to discrepancies in his book because of lack of time and research , lowell asked him if he corrected the paperback version which came out six months later and he said no .
he also showed the jury the proposal for the tell-all book , in which he wrote that ` every word was provably true ' .
the intense cross examination