couple ate at the fort st george - the oldest pub on the river cam in cambridge .
feasted on smoked salmon , tuna and beef sandwiches , mini burgers , fish goujons , chips and fresh fruit .
by .
bianca london .
published : .
10:13 est , 29 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
12:31 est , 29 november 2012 .
the duke and duchess of cambridge are well accustomed to lavish meals and the finest culinary offerings but during their trip to cambridge they took a break from fine dining and instead enjoying a pub lunch .
in fact , the royal couple chose pub food over a possible banquet at cambridge university or a meal at a michelin-starred restaurant .
kate and william tucked into mini burgers , fish goujons , chips and sandwiches at the popular fort st george pub during their visit to the university city yesterday .
the duke and duchess of cambridge chose pub food over a possible banquet at cambridge university or a meal at a michelin-starred restaurant .
the pair picked the quiet 16th century pub by the river cam , rather than the midsummer house restaurant next door , recently named the best for food in the east of england .
the party of 12 , which included the lord lieutenant and the couple 's protection squad , sat in the restaurant section after talking to staff .
pub manager gail pritchard said the couple liked the food so much they went up for seconds .
` they seemed very hungry , i guess they 'd had a very busy morning walking around cambridge , ' she said .
the royal couple tucked into mini burgers , fish goujons , chips and sandwiches at the popular fort st george pub during their visit to the cambridge yesterday .
` it was absolutely amazing to meet them , it was a very relaxing and chilled out lunch .
' she said william and kate sat at a table by the window so they could watch the boats go past on the river cam .
` it 's a very pretty pub and they had a river view .
i think prince william just wanted a nice pub lunch with his wife away from all the cameras .
` they said they enjoyed the food and even went