by .
sean poulter .
published : .
02:38 est , 16 may 2012 .
| .
updated : .
06:46 est , 16 may 2012 .
the euro crisis has delivered a bonus for british holidaymakers who can expect 10.5 per cent more spending power on the spanish islands or french resorts .
for every # 500 converted to euros , a family will get an extra # 47.41 this year compared to the summer of 2011 .
that means more ice creams for the children , a glass of wine or two more with meals or entry to an attraction or theme park .
for those travelling further afield , the relative strength of sterling against other currencies will deliver an even bigger increase in spending power .
bonus : british holidaymakers can expect 10.5 per cent more spending power on the spanish islands or french resorts due to the euro crisis .
for example , someone travelling to rio in brazil will get 24.5 per cent more for their money this year , or around an extra # 86 for every # 500 that is converted to the local currency , the real .
similarly , the pound will buy 15.7 per cent more mexican pesos , delivering extra spending power to the many britons who holiday in cancun or the riviera maya .
visitors to south africa will get 16.7 per cent more for their money this year .
if you are thinking of taking a cheap holiday to greece , it 's worth taking precautions in case the country leaves the euro while you are there .
even if greece decides to quit the euro today , it 's unlikely the currency will stop becoming legal tender immediately .
it will take time for a new currency , such as the old drachma , to come back in .
for trips soon , any currency bought should be safe .
but experts advise taking a few extra hundred euros in cash than you normally would .
this is because of fears that cash machines and electronic banking systems could freeze up for days if greece crashed out of the euro .
and try to split your euros into smaller notes .
however , there is a further concern .
each country in the euro has its own marked coins and notes .
to the untrained