by .
stuart woledge .
published : .
08:09 est , 9 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:47 est , 9 august 2013 .
move over samuel pepys , a new diarist has emerged on the scene whose epic work makes the great chronicler of the 17th century 's look like hastily scribbled musings on a post-it note .
weighing half-a-tonne , comprising 151 volumes , covering 21,000 pages and totaling a a four million words , john gadd is thought to have compiled the biggest personal diary ever seen in britain .
his tome also includes 33,000 .
photographs , illustrations , cuttings from newspapers and everyday items .
like wine labels and food wrappers , making it a real snapshot of one man 's life .
chronicler : john gadd is arguably the most prolific diarist in the world , with his record of four million words charting 38 years .
easy access : despite weighing half a tonne , mr gadd says he can find any given entry in only three minutes .
labour of love : his work is fully illustrated with artwork , photographs and even food packaging .
the 83-year-old first began writing it in 1947 and - .
barring a two-week break every year to update the indexes - has added .
his daily exploits to his labour of love .
and each christmas he sets aside two weeks to meticulously index that year 's diary - proudly claiming he can find anything within three minutes .
his diary is now eight times the size of war and peace , more than four-and-a-half times bigger than the complete works of shakespeare and close to the total output of dickens .
it is three times bigger than samuel pepys work , which so vividly charted the enlightenment period .
mr gadd sees his work as a chronicle of life in and around the dorset village of fontmell magna , where he lives with wife barbara .
he said : ` the volumes document everything .
you name it , it 's in there .
' i write about whatever has captured my imagination during the day .
i am just keeping a record in case no one else does and i 'm a total obsessive with it .
review : diary author john gadd looks back on an entry he wrote