robin van persie insists he is back to his best and has denied suggestions he is over the hill .
van persie will look to continue his recent good form on sunday when manchester united host bitter rivals liverpool .
the arrival of radamel falcao , and wayne rooney 's appointment as captain had led some to question the 31-year-old 's place in the starting xi .
robin van persie has denied reports he is over the hill , and insists he has plenty of years ahead of him .
louis van gaal -lrb- left -rrb- placed faith in his striker and has been rewarded with goals in united 's last three games .
the striker looked a shadow of the man who scored 29 goals in his debut year at old trafford at the start of this campaign .
but after scoring three goals in his last three games - including a match-winning brace against southampton - van persie believes he has reached peak form again , which is handy for united ahead of their biggest home fixture of the season .
` when you hit 30 and you 're having a bad spell everyone say it 's because you 're 30 or 31 and things might be over for you , ' the united striker told mutv .
' i live a quiet life for my football and i 'm almost convinced now that i will play for many years to come at the highest level , at least that 's what i want and what i 'm aiming for .
van persie -lrb- left -rrb- celebrates with ashley young after scoring against southampton on monday .
the dutch forward is fouled by southampton 's sadio mane at st mary 's stadium .
` the age thing is not an issue for me at all .
' van persie 's poor showing at the start of the season was something of a mystery given his excellent displays under louis van gaal at the world cup .
van persie scored one of the goals of the tournament during the group stages when he fired a superb diving header over iker casillas during holland 's 5-1 shock win over spain .
van persie says playing every game for the dutch in the world cup took its toll on him and he suffered as a result when the domestic season began