serious failings in nhs care for cancer patients have been laid bare by three separate reports .
they reveal waiting times for scans are at their highest in seven years , there is an ` unacceptable ' postcode lottery in treatment and how britain spends far less on new drugs than elsewhere in the western world .
today the nhs will also announce which life-extending medications will be axed from its cancer drugs fund because they are too expensive .
avastin , which is used for bowel and ovarian cancers , is one of the drugs at risk of being cut .
meanwhile gps in the south of england have complained that nhs managers are delaying patients from having cancer tests to meet waiting times targets .
as mps warned that cancer care on the nhs had been ` diluted ' and was ` going backwards ' , a string of reports revealed how : .
รท a total of 18,740 patients in january waited longer than six weeks for tests to diagnose cancer .
the figure from public health england represents a 40 per cent increase in a year and the highest number since february 2008 .
รท there is ` unacceptable ' and ` unexplained ' variation in cancer detection and treatment across england -- particularly for the elderly .
รท evidence emerged showing the nhs spends less on new cancer treatments than the us , spain , germany and scotland .
the report by data analysts blamed nice , the medications rationing body , for turning down too many drugs which are not deemed ` cost-effective ' .
not all the patients waiting for screening , such as ct scans , x-rays and ultrasounds , will have cancer .
however , it is crucial diagnosis happens as quickly as possible so any tumours found can be removed or treated before they spread .
labour mp margaret hodge , who is chairman of the committee , said that despite the increasing numbers being diagnosed with cancer , the money being ploughed into the services had declined .
britain has one of the worst cancer survival rates in europe and this has partly been blamed on late diagnosis as well as lack of availability of effective treatments .
a report by the public accounts committee warned of a postcode lottery in cancer detection and treatment across england .
mps