by .
emma glanfield .
this horrific cctv footage shows the moment a thug brutally smashed a man around the head with a concrete paving slab in a city centre attack .
police have released footage of the shocking attack in manchester in an attempt to trace the victim , who could be seen clutching his head after the incident in the early hours of yesterday .
one man has been arrested in connection with the assault , which detectives have described as ` cowardly and unprovoked ' .
scroll down for video .
cctv footage shows the suspect hitting an unsuspecting man over the head with a concrete slab .
the attack , which occurred in manchester city centre in the early hours of yesterday , has been described as ` cowardly ' police have released the footage in an attempt to trace the victim , who could be seen clutching his head after .
detective constable tom hornby said : ` the footage clearly shows the offender smashing a concrete slab over the victim 's head with force while his back is turned .
it was a cowardly and unprovoked assault ' in the footage , the suspect can be seen pulling the concrete slab out from the back of his trousers before smashing it over the victim 's head while his back is turned .
the incident was reported to police and a man was arrested on suspicion of assault nearby .
he has since been released on bail until september 2 , pending further enquiries .
however , the victim has not yet been identified or located after he left the area in a taxi following the incident .
detectives are now hoping the victim will contact police or the public will be able to help identify either him or the two people he was with .
detective constable tom hornby said : .
` the footage clearly shows the offender smashing a concrete slab over .
the victim 's head with force while his back is turned .
after the seemingly unprovoked attack , the victim could be seen clutching his head and appeared to be in pain .
officers are trying to trace the victim to help with their enquiries into the incident and to check on his welfare .
` it was a cowardly and unprovoked assault and we desperately need to identify