burnley fought back from two goals down to draw 2-2 with premier league champions manchester city on sunday .
danny ings was dangerous throughout for the clarets while eliaquim mangala had another poor game for manuel pellegrini 's side .
find out how the other players got on with sportsmail 's player ratings .
manchester city .
joe hart - 6 .
might have done better for boyd 's goal , allowed the ball to creep in .
summer signing eliaquim mangala had a poor game against the energetic danny ings on sunday .
pablo zabaleta - 6 .
usual overlapping runs and infectious energy .
his attacking threat so important to city but became quite reckless in the second half .
eliaquim mangala - 4.5 .
could n't cope with ings ' quick feet and speed on the turn .
has improved of late but this was a flashback to the unconvincing performances of the autumn .
martin demichelis - 6 .
his experience should have counted for more in that second half .
demichelis has been excellent of late but naturally city need kompany back - and quickly .
ashley barnes wheels away in celebration , as joe hart watches the shot hit the back of his net .
aleksandar kolarov - 5 .
good outlet for city in attack but struggled to keep tripper quiet going the other way .
fernando - 6 .
useful anchor in the midfield and gives city good balance .
influence waned in the second half .
fernandinho - 7 .
beautiful curling effort to score his first goal of the season .
has recovered from world cup nightmare with brazil and now in good nick .
jesus navas - 6.5 .
laid on silva 's opening goal but can be wasteful with his delivery .
fernandinho 's shot fly towards tom heaton 's goal , where it nestled in the top corner at the etihad stadium .
david silva - 7 .
terrific again .
time seems to stand still when he has the ball and he affirms that the coolest minds cause the greatest destruction .
samir nasri - 5 .
a little subdued playing from the left and not at his best .
struggled to influence the game .
james milner - 5.5 .
poor display and he will be looking forward to returning to midfield duties .
david