experts have discovered that this dove grey suit was once worn by notorious nazi leader hermann goering .
they used sweat stains on the uniform to link it to the overweight german commander and it is now expected to fetch # 85,000 when it goes under the hammer in plymouth , devon .
goering , who founded the gestapo and was commander of the german air force , was well known for being overweight and as a result the suit shows the strain of being worn by the large officer .
it was originally believed to be a replica , but the careful examination of the sweat blemishes and fraying on the buttons and buckles led experts to believe it had been worn .
the dove grey suit made by a viennese tailor that was once worn by ruthless nazi commander hermann goering .
hermann goering , pictured in his full military dress during world war two , favoured a dove grey suit .
john cabello , owner of devon-parade antiques , where the uniform is being sold , said the wear and tear on the uniform helped them identify goering as its original owner .
he said : ` goering was hugely overweight and had a tendency to sweat a lot , that would explain the profusion of sweat in the tunic .
` the stress levels on the tunic 's folds coupled with the strain on the broaches of the tunic show it was worn by someone overweight .
` this also proves it was worn for a long , long time by someone who was fat enough to cause it to stretch and wear over a period of time .
` he also had a habit when he used to walk around talking to people of putting his left hand into his left pocket .
because of this the wear on the left pocket is substantially more than the right .
' the outfit was made by the viennese tailor , tiller , who was known to have made uniforms for the nazis during the war .
stress levels on the tunic 's folds coupled with the strain on the broaches of the tunic show it was worn by someone overweight .
the uniform was believed to have been liberated by the americans before it found its way into a collection in switzerland .
the outfit was