by .
janine yaqoob .
published : .
06:22 est , 12 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:12 est , 15 april 2013 .
meet the paw-casso painters creating artworks worth up to # 130 at a florida zoo - using their paws , tongues and noses .
the talented big cats - including tigers , siberian lynx and leopards - produce abstract paintings in their enclosures at big cat rescue sanctuary in tampa , florida .
the finished artworks are then sold in a nearby shop for anywhere between # 30 and # 130 - with profits put back into the sanctuary to pay for caring for the animals .
scroll down for video .
a painting by rusty the caracal at big cat rescue sanctuary in tampa , florida as another caracal watches on .
a leopard gets to work creating a masterpiece which will be sold in a nearby shop for between # 30 and # 130 .
jeff kremer , from big cat rescue , said : ` the cat paintings were a roaring success with the sanctuary 's supporters .
` the individuals who purchased these paintings told us that they just loved being able to own such a one of a kind and personal piece of artwork to show off to their family and friends .
a pair of siberian lynx wildcats paint .
the animals use their paws , tongues and noses to create the artwork .
it 's messy work for bella the tiger as she rolls , walks and licks over the canvas to create colourful results .
painting is part of the cats enrichment program , which keep them mentally stimulated .
so far 50 masterpieces have been sold - with many more in the pipeline .
the cats use safe non-toxic children 's finger paint , which they roll , walk and lick over the canvas to create colourful results .
the activity is part of the cats ' enrichment programme , which aims to keep the cats mentally stimulated .
jeff added : ` most of the cats absolutely love being able to take part in the process of painting .
` the truth is that the cats simply love doing something new and different .
` it is the main focus of the sanctuary 's enrichment program .
` we are always researching new