by .
jaymi mccann .
published : .
10:34 est , 27 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:57 est , 27 july 2013 .
italy 's first black minister has condemned a spectator who threw bananas towards her while she was making a speech at a party rally .
integration minister cecile kyenge , who was born in democratic republic of congo , has angered far-right groups with her campaign to make it easier for immigrants to gain italian citizenship .
she has been a target of racist slurs since her appointment in april .
integration minister cecile kyenge has angered far-right groups with her campaign to make it easier for immigrants to gain italian citizenship .
shortly before the incident on friday , .
members of the right-wing forza nuova group left mannequins covered in .
fake blood at the site of the rally in cervia , central italy .
this was in protest against kyenge 's proposal to make anyone born on italian soil a citizen .
` immigration kills , ' was written on leaflets accompanying the dummies - a slogan forza nuova has previously used when referring to murders committed by immigrants in italy .
although the bananas missed the stage where kyenge was speaking , she responded to the gesture on twitter , calling it ` sad ' and a waste of food , considering the economic crisis .
shortly before the incident on friday , members of the right-wing forza nuova group left mannequins covered in fake blood at the site of the rally in cervia , central italy -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
` the courage and optimism to change things has to come above all from the bottom up to reach the institutions , ' she added .
kyenge has faced regular insults since becoming minister , often from other politicians .
earlier this month a senior parliamentarian in the anti-immigration northern league party likened her to an orangutan and only apologised after a storm of criticism .
roberto calderoli , vice-president of .
the senate -- italy 's upper house -- and a leader of the anti-immigrant .
northern league party , made the remarks about immigration minister .
cecile kyenge at a party rally .
roberto calderoli said congolese-born minister resembled an orangutan .
` when .
i see images of kyenge i can not help think ,