by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
18:07 est , 3 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
18:07 est , 3 october 2012 .
a philadelphia woman who stripped naked along with three of her children outside a high school has blamed the psychotic episode on an adverse reaction to medication she was taking .
sara butler 's lawyer said conflicting medications for lupus led the 44-year-old mother to think the world was ending .
on the morning of march 16 , butler drove to upper darby high school with her two adult daughters , joanne , 23 , and bessie , 22 , plus a 14-year-old son .
bizarre scene : sara butler and her family are dragged naked from a car , where they had been chanting ` jesus is lord ' mugshots : sara butler , left , and daughter joanne , right , pleaded guilty to indecent exposure and disorderly conduct .
she had wanted to pick up another child , but the student was n't released because - although butler was the child 's biological mother - she was not the custodial parent .
` during this psychotic episode , miss butler thought that basically the world was coming to an end , so she - caring for her family - decided to bring all of her children together , ' said her attorney sharmil mckee .
school district security ordered the family off the property , but they returned three more times , reports delco times .
the last came at about 1 p.m. , when they arrived in a van and stripped between two parked vehicles in the parking lot .
` in order to please the lord , miss butler felt that she needed to exit the world in the same manner that adam and eve entered the world , and to do so she needed to be naked , ' said mckee .
` when police got there , they were in a van and locked their arms in defiant protest , ' said upper darby police superintendent michael chitwood .
arrested : the family members were held by police for stripping outside the high school .
upper darby high school in philadelphia .
` they were chanting , `` jesus is lord .
'' when we got them back to the police station we gave them