angelina romero-alvarez , 50 , was shot dead in a parking lot outside her home in houston , on december 5 .
a grandmother who was gunned down for her purse by two men in a random attack did not even have any money to steal .
angelina romero-alvarez , 50 , was found dead in a parking lot outside her home in houston , on december 5 , by a neighbor .
now , investigators believe the men responsible for her murder may also be involved in nine other robberies on the city 's south side in the past month .
mrs romero-alvarez had been about to enter her car outside the wilcox apartment complex in the 2400 block of south loop west near kirby at around 7am when her purse was taken and her attackers then shot her dead .
but her family that she was murdered for no reason - as she had no money on her when she was killed .
her son jose gonzalez said the death has not only damaged his family , but also the community , click2houston reported .
he said : ` my mom was a great woman , a hard-working person .
' sergeant warren meeler , of houston police department , added : ` this senseless act by this cowardly individual is horrible , and we want justice for her family .
scroll down for video .
mrs romero-alvarez 's son jose , pictured , said her murder has affected the whole community .
` even after the suspects got a purse or got money or got something , they still shot the victims .
' police have revealed that two other women were robbed and shot the same morning as mrs romero-alvarez over a two-hour period .
at around 5.50 am , a woman was in an apartment complex parking lot at 10201 telephone road when she was shot by a black man driving a white , four-door vehicle , possibly a chevrolet impala .
police released cctv footage showing another attack at around 7.20 am , where a 70-year-old woman was robbed and shot by a black man , driving a white suv in an apartment complex parking lot at 6922 south loop east .
in another incident in the same parking lot at 6922 south loop east on november 29 , a 49-year-old woman was robbed