by .
sam adams .
published : .
23:00 est , 16 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
11:53 est , 28 december 2012 .
eric prokopi , 38 , of gainesville , florida , has admitted smuggling dinosaur bones into the u.s. .
he is pictured with his wife , amanda and one of their two children .
a florida father-of-two has admitted smuggling stolen dinosaur bones into the us - including those of a tyrannosaurus he sold for more than $ 1 million .
eric prokopi of gainesville , 38 , .
stole the skeletal remains of dinosaurs - including a .
nearly complete skeleton of a tyrannosaurus bataar , a relative of the .
tyrannosaurus rex - from mongolia and china .
he came to the .
attention of federal officials earlier this year when he sold the .
tyrannosaurus fossils to a manhattan buyer for $ 1.1 million .
in a plea bargain , prokopi gave up any claim to the skeleton as well as to others seized by authorities and admitted illegally importing a chinese flying dinosaur , two oviraptors and a duckbilled creature known as a saurolophus , the bbc reports .
speaking in court in new york on thursday , assistant us attorney martin bell revealed that a second , almost complete , tyrannosaurus skeleton had also been found at prokopi 's home .
he faces up to 17 years imprisonment when he is sentenced in april .
the us department of homeland .
security conducted an investigation into prokopi 's fossil dealings and .
uncovered a laundry list of questionable exchanges , which culminated in .
his arrest in october .
upon prokopi 's arrest , u.s. attorney preet bharara referred to him as a ' a one-man black market in prehistoric fossils .
' prokopi smuggled the $ 1.1 million .
tyrannosaurus bataar from mongolia but claimed on us customs forms .
that the fossils were ` broken bones ' belonging to lizards and other .
reptiles that were imported from the uk , according to an investigation carried out by homeland security special agent daniel brazier .
prokopi estimated their value at $ 15,000 .
jurassic crime : prokopi caught the attention of federal .
officials when he sold the skeleton of this tyrannosaurus bataar , which was native to what is now mongolia , to a .