middle class jobs are under grave threat from advances in technology , a former senior adviser to david cameron is warning .
white collar posts in areas such as law , medicine and accounting are increasingly being replaced by computers , according to rohan silva , an ex-number ten strategist .
he warned politicians were ` all over the place ' in their responses to the squeeze on the middle classes and were failing to address the ` actual causes ' .
rohan silva , an ex-no 10 strategist , pictured , said jobs in areas such as law , medicine and accounting are increasingly being replaced by computers .
jobs are being created at the bottom end of the income scale -- in areas such as retail and social care -- and at the top , but too few in the middle , mr silva , who is now chairman of the year of code , a national campaign to promote computer science and technology skills , told the daily mail .
he pointed to the example of the nissan factory in sunderland , which produces more than 500,000 cars a year and is one of the most productive in europe .
its use of modern robotics means it employs only about 6,000 workers , far fewer than would have been needed just a few decades ago .
in china , the electronics firm foxconn recently announced plans to buy an ` army ' of more than a million robots to replace most of its human workers .
` take legal services - text-analysing and data-mining software is doing the work of paralegals , or the accounting profession , in which algorithms are taking over from human auditors , ' he added .
in the future , driverless vehicles are already being tested -- which will eliminate many more jobs , while computers were also being used to diagnose medical conditions and carry out stock-market trading .
mr silva said the government urgently needed to do more to prepare middle-class people for jobs in it and technology - a key growth area .
driverless vehicles are already being tested for the future , which will eliminate many more jobs , while computers were also being used to diagnose medical conditions and carry out stock-market trading .
mr silva said the government urgently needed to do more to prepare middle-class