by .
ruth styles .
published : .
10:32 est , 2 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
14:24 est , 2 march 2014 .
she 's won plaudits for her increasingly glamorous sense of style and a state visit to barbados proved no exception for the countess of wessex .
in spite of the tropical temperatures , the countess looked cool and unruffled as she arrived at the barbados parliament building in the capital , bridgetown .
fresh from a half-term skiing trip to the upmarket swiss resort of st moritz , sophie beamed broadly as she greeted the assembled crowd who had gathered to celebrate the barbudian parliament 's 375th birthday .
glamorous : sophie beamed broadly as she greeted the smiling crowd waiting outside the parliament building .
stylish : after visiting the parliament , sophie changed into a floral dress for a visit to a pair of schools .
looking good : the countess of wessex has won plaudits for her elegant sense of style .
she also showed her style chops in an elegant 1950 's - style polka dot sundress , accessorised with a simple pair of diamond earrings and a tan clutch bag .
but while the countess was on hand to help barbadians celebrate , her husband prince edward was nowhere to be seen .
instead , he spent the day taking part in the barbados royalist regatta , a sailing event staged by the duke of edinburgh award scheme .
a combination of community service , sport , new skills and outdoor challenges , the four-part duke of edinburgh international award is open to people aged 14 to 24 from all over the world .
countries that take part in the international version include barbados and jamaica - the next stop on the royal couple 's caribbean tour .
while prince edward helped the duke of edinburgh boat during the regatta , the countess followed her visit to parliament with a trip to meet local children at the ann hill and irving wilson schools .
during the 90-minute tour , sophie was serenaded with a chorus of michael jackson 's heal the world by a choir of schoolchildren and was presented with a small gift that included a leather coin purse , a photograph and a handmade necklace .
the visit to the school was the final stop on