as chairman of ofsted , she was the guardian of good behaviour for the nation 's schoolchildren .
but a rather less wholesome side to zenna atkins has emerged after enraged parents complained about x-rated comments posted on her publicly available facebook page .
in one smutty post , the 49-year-old boasted of offering to perform a sex act on a ` very handsome man ' , and in another she posted a picture of herself making a lewd gesture .
parents have slammed former ofsted chief zenna atkins , 49 , -lrb- pictured -rrb- , who is now chairman of a school 's governing board , over x-rated messages she posted on facebook .
miss atkins was ofsted chief from 2006 to 2010 and is now the chairman of governors at a school in brighton .
her facebook posts -- branded ` absolute filth ' by parents -- are the kind of adult material that pupils might be scolded for viewing on their smartphones .
had she still been chief at the schools watchdog , she would have presided over its recent drive to drum into children the perils of ` sharing personal data ' .
it is a lesson that miss atkins has learnt the hard way , after parents noticed the nature of the remarks she was sharing with the world on facebook .
one post appeared on the site saying the ` handsome ' man to whom she had offered a sexual service had replied : ` nah ... i 'd rather watch jools holland !
' and she added : ` how sad is that !
' this joke , made on new year 's eve sparked anger from parents after appeared on ms atkins 's facebook page .
the site was public at the time , but has since been made private .
another crude joke seen on ms atkins 's facebook profile when it was publicly visible .
one parent sent this anonymous letter to the school , complaining about the comments and pictures on ms atkins 's facebook page .
ms atkins , 49 , stepped down as chair of ofsted in october 2010 after causing fury by making comments about every school needing a 's *** teacher ' it got 23 likes -- seen as marks of approval -- from her facebook friends .
another posting showed a photo of three