a 23-year-old mother-of-two is at risk of being banned from seeing her own children - because she refuses to stop drinking and partying .
the woman , named only as gemma , has two children under five by two different fathers and handed both infants over to her 52-year-old mother debbie when they were four months old .
now debbie is threatening to ban gemma from seeing the children at all , after discovering her daughter 's penchant for legal high , mkat , and because she suspects her of stealing .
scroll down for video .
feckless : 23-year-old gemma faces being prevented from seeing her children by her own mother .
' i love them , ' says debbie of the two children .
` she -lsb- gemma -rsb- is n't fit enough to have them .
she does n't care .
' debbie , who stepped in to care for the children after social services threatened to take them away , says her daughter 's constant drinking and partying is getting out of hand .
she also claims that gemma , who is unemployed , stole an ipad from one of the children and sold it to fund her party lifestyle .
although gemma says she did not steal the device , she admits to stealing money and other items from her mother in the past .
` from around the age of 13 , she went off the rails , ' says debbie .
` she was drinking beer and having underage sex .
upset : debbie reacts after hearing the results of gemma 's lie detector test - which revealed she did steal .
furious : debbie , who has looked after gemma 's children all their lives , says she will ban her from the house .
` with the children , she was excited about being pregnant but gave up about four months after having them and then dumped the babies on me .
' as a result , debbie , who appeared alongside her daughter on the jeremy kyle show , has been left to bring both children up alone .
now at the end of her tether , debbie says she is preparing to ban gemma from her home and from seeing the children - because she ca n't trust her not pinch their possessions .
upset : according to her