by .
richard spillett .
a ship 's precious cargo of 2,800 bars of silver has finally reached the royal mint to be made into coins - more than 70 years after it was sunk by a german u-boat .
the shipment of silver worth # 38million was bound for britain at the height of the second world two , but it was lost at sea after the merchant ship was torpedoed .
the ss gairsoppa was sunk off the irish coast in 1941 carrying solid silver bullion from india to bolster the britain 's dwindling war chest .
scroll down for video .
the ss gairsoppa was sunk by a u-boat in 1941 carrying 2,800 bars of solid silver to bolster the britain 's war chest .
after the silver was salvaged in a record-breaking rescue operation , the royal mint has turned the bars into coins , which will now be sold to collectors .
the deepest rescue operation in maritime history has since seen the silver bullion brought up from the seabed after spending seven decades at the bottom of the atlantic .
the royal mint today began striking silver coins from the bullion cargo of the ss gairsoppa to be sold in its memory .
royal mint historian dr kevin clancy said : ` this shipment of silver bullion should have got here 72 years ago and now it has finally come home .
' i do n't think anything like this has happened before - bullion destined for us which did n't make now finding it 's way here .
it 's a very romantic and evocative story .
' an image of the ship on the bed of the atlantic ocean , where it has rested for the last 70 years .
andrew craig , project manager of the rescue operation , which recovered 2,792 silver bars totaling more than 3million troy ounces of silver .
the haul would be worth around # 38,272,000 at today 's prices .
a german u-boat like that pictured sunk the merchant ship after it left its naval convoy in bad weather .
in december 1940 , the royal mint was .
running dangerously low in stocks of silver due to the war and called in .
emergency supplies from india .
a .
large shipment of silver was sent from calcutta aboard the british .
merchant ship