by .
leon watson .
published : .
02:39 est , 23 july 2012 .
| .
updated : .
03:35 est , 24 july 2012 .
a british worker and two americans shot dead yesterday when an afgan policeman opened fire at a training centre .
the gunman was wearing an afghan national security force uniform when he blasted the three westerners .
the british contractor was killed after the rampage in western afghanistan against the us-led military coalition , a nato spokesman said .
the two american workers also died .
scroll down for video .
-lrb- file picture -rrb- u.s. marines on patrol patrol in afghanistan , where three civilian workers have been killed .
the official said the matter is being investigated but disclosed few other details .
a british civilian contractor was later named as father-of-two dave chamberlain from kent .
no information about the american civilians has been released .
nato also said that it killed a number of insurgents with an airstrike in the mohammad agha district of eastern logar province but would not provide further details .
afghan officials reported that four civilians died on sunday when hundreds of shells and rockets were fired from neighbouring pakistan .
the artillery shells hit homes along frontier areas from which insurgents have in the past staged cross-border attacks , according to the report .
a spokesman for the governor of eastern wardak .
province said insurgents had kidnapped five afghan men working a base .
jointly operated by afghan and nato forces and killed them .
spokesman .
shahidullah shahid said their bodies were discovered early sunday .
the artillery shells hit homes along frontier areas from which insurgents have in the past staged cross-border attacks .
five nato service members have been killed in roadside bombings over the past two days .
british prime minister david cameron -lrb- left -rrb- with afghan president hamid karzai at the presidential palace in kabul last week .
there is little or no afghan or nato military presence in the area .
and large swaths of the region are controlled by insurgent groups .
the .
information could not be independently verified because the area is .
largely off-limits to reporters .
the afghan government has not openly blamed the pakistani military .
for the artillery barrage , which reportedly hit districts in the eastern .
provinces