by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
16:18 est , 5 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
17:58 est , 5 march 2014 .
the ex-fire chief of babbit , minnesota , who has pleaded guilty to setting a series of fires in the superior national forest , has been diagnosed as a pyromaniac .
ryan scharber , 30 , pleaded guilty on friday to one count of setting fires on u.s. forest land and to attempted arson on property used in interstate or foreign commerce .
the father-of-three resigned as chief of the st. louis county community 's volunteer fire department last december , after investigators traced the crimes to him and he eventually confessed .
ryan scharber , who is married to stefanie and has three children , is facing five years in jail after pleading guilty to setting nine fires on u.s. forest land .
according to documents filed in federal court in minneapolis on tuesday , assistant u.s. attorney andrew dunne is requesting that scharber should be given the maximum five-year sentence , reports the star tribune .
in the memorandum , dunne disputed scharber 's contention that he had set the fires ` to get out of the house for a few hours to get relief from his newborn child 's acid reflux .
' the prosecutor noted that scharber had n't offered that excuse during the five-hour interview with investigators in which he eventually confessed on december 19 , 2012 .
` the psychiatrist at the range mental health center diagnosed the defendant with pyromania , ' dunne wrote .
` the real reason behind the defendant 's criminal conduct in this case was that diagnosis .
' in total , scharber admitted to nine fires and one attempted arson at a resort over a 13 month period in 2010 and 2011 while he was the local fire chief .
scharber resigned as chief of the st. louis county community 's volunteer fire department last december after initially denying the charges .
at one stage scharber claimed his actions were the result of wanting ` to get out of the house for a few hours to get relief from his newborn child 's acid reflux ' dunne said scharber ` utterly violated the trust the public granted to him as the fire chief in babbitt , ' reports the nncnow.com