by .
adam crafton .
follow @@ adamcrafton _ .
nemanja vidic has revealed that he was inundated with offers when he decided to leave manchester united , adding that he also declined the option to remain in england .
the serbian announced his decision to leave old trafford in february after eight years with the club , before agreeing to join italian side inter milan in march upon the expiry of his united contract this summer .
in an emotional interview with mutv ahead of united 's meeting with vidic 's inter in washington d.c. , the defender admitted : ' i had a lot of offers from different countries , even from england .
with inter , the club are in transition , trying to improve but i like the project .
inter will get bigger and bigger and i hope i can help them achieve their aims .
' video scroll down to watch nemanja vidic : inter are a team in transition but i am positive .
friends reunited : vidic caught up with wayne rooney -lrb- left -rrb- and ryan giggs -lrb- right -rrb- before the match .
among friends : nemanja vidic roams forward with the ball against manchester united .
still got it : vidic keeps the ball away from former united team-mate danny welbeck .
vidic , who often reverted to using the .
word ` we ' when talking about united in the interview , also believes .
that his former side are destined for great improvements under new .
manager louis van gaal following the traumatic campaign endured by david .
moyes .
` if you look at club .
now , united is in transition .
new players coming in , we -lrb- united -rrb- have .
changed managers , with first david moyes and now louis van gaal and also .
the directors last year when david gill left -lrb- and ed woodward was .
promoted -rrb- .
` hopefully this .
year is important for them and the players who have been waiting for a .
chance can step up .
the players are ready for their chance .
that was then : vidic was bloodied during his final game for manchester united in may .
traumatic : vidic 's last campaign at united did n't go according to plan , with the team finishing seventh in