prince william was left helpless with laughter today after his bemused father was described as ` quite buff ' during an event in covent garden today .
the second in line to the throne had donned a wet suit to demonstrate his snorkelling skills in a central london swimming pool when the delicate subject of a topless picture of prince charles taken in the 70s was raised .
chairman of the british sub-aqua club , eugene farrell , had guests in stitches as he described the photograph of the heir to the throne as being ` quite buff ' during his own diving days .
scroll down for video .
me ?
buff ?
prince charles was left bemused when he was described as buff - much to the amusement of his son , prince william .
boss : prince william became president of the british sub-aqua club in may after charles stepped down .
entertaining : prince william was left giggling when his father was left baffled after being described as ` buff ' enjoying the day : prince william laughs as he splashes around in the pool during a reception in london .
but while the rest of the room fell about laughing , charles was left baffled , looking to his son for an explanation .
ever helpful , william , 32 , leaned over and explained it to his father who raised his eyebrows theatrically , only to be told : ` pa , you should be pleased !
' by a laughing duke of cambridge .
charles did see the funny side , quipping ' i know my eldest will now demonstrate his buff credentials ' during his own address .
father and son were at the oasis leisure centre near covent garden where charles was formally handing over his presidency of the british sub-aqua club -lrb- bsac -rrb- after 40 years to william .
his own father , the duke of edinburgh , previously held the presidency and joked that he had installed a love of the water in his son from an early age .
definitely buff : a muscly prince charles tries his hand at windsurfing in a photo taken in majorca in 1986 .
enthused : charles told of how he threw william in the pool as a child - kickstarting a passion for diving .
diving fans : both prince