terence crawford landed a stunning right that thomas dulorme never really saw .
soon after that , crawford was a two-time wbo champion , winning the latest title in his first fight since moving up in class .
crawford won the vacant wbo junior welterweight title with a sixth-round technical knockout saturday night , knocking down dulorme three times in quick fashion after that big blow .
terence crawford -lrb- right -rrb- defeated thomas dulmorme in the sixth round with a technical knock out .
' i knew i hurt him , i felt it , ' crawford said .
' i knew he was hurt real bad .
i wanted to just jump on him .
... he was woozy .
' with dulorme stunned , crawford hit him again and knocked him down for the first time .
then crawford delivered a flurry of punches , leading to another knockdown .
when dulorme got back up , crawford unloaded again - and the fight was stopped as dulorme staggered against the ropes near his corner .
` basically a shot that i did n't see , and the shot got me , ' dulorme said through an interpreter .
crawford remained undefeated , winning as a heavy favorite in his first fight moving in the 140-pound class .
he won the wbo lightweight title 13 months ago and defended in the 135-pound division twice in his hometown of omaha , nebraska .
the scheduled 12-round fight in north texas came a week before crawford , now 26-0 with 18 knockouts , is scheduled to be in new york to accept his 2014 fighter of the year award from the boxing writers association of america .
the fighter celebrates after winning the vacant wbo world junior welterweight title .
after the fight ended , promoter bob arum shouted ` that 's why he 's the fighter of the year !
' dulorme , the 27-year-old puerto rican , is 22-2 .
he had won his last six bouts since moving down in class after being knocked out by luis carlos abregu at 147 pounds in a welterweight fight in october 2012 .
` it was a great opportunity for us , ' dulorme said .
` it was n't the best night .
we were winning in the cards , it 's something that basically happened .
... we