by .
ashley collman .
homeless : imprisoned oj simpson has lost his miami home in a foreclosure auction after getting behind on more than two years of mortgage payments .
oj simpson wo n't have a place to call home when he 's eligible for parole in three years .
the former football star famous for his controversial acquittal in the 1994 murder of wife nicole brown simpson , lost his miami home on tuesday in a private foreclosure auction .
the 4,334-square-foot home with a swimming pool was sold for $ 655,000 to an as-yet-unidentified bidder , while 66-year-old simpson is currently behind bars at a nevada prison on a robbery conviction .
` he has been trying to do everything he can to win his release , and the idea was that he 'd have a home to come back to , ' simpson 's attorney leonardo davinci starke told the miami herald .
` we were hoping for the best , but it did n't happen .
' that price was $ 100,000 more than what simpson paid for the home when he purchased it in september 2000 , fleeing california after losing a civil suit .
while simpson was let off in the murder case of his wife and her friend rob goldman , he was ordered to pay goldman 's father fred goldman $ 33.5 million in a judgement that found him liable for the waiter 's death .
simpson moved to florida because homesteads in the state ca n't be seized to pay for civil judgements .
however , simpson lost control of the home last year when he got behind on more than two years worth of mortgage payments .
simpson owes mortgage holder jp morgan chase more than $ 892,283 in back payments , principal fees , court costs and penalties .
highest bidder : the 4,334-square-foot home with a swimming pool was sold in a tuesday auction to an unnamed bidder for $ 655,000 .
that 's $ 100,000 more than what simpson paid for the property in 2000 .
locked up : simpson is currently behind bars in nevada on a robbery conviction and wo n't be eligible for parole until 2017 .
above , an aerial view of his miami home .
and that 's not the only problem on simpson 's plate .
his attorneys are currently