one month after his release from a cuban prison , alan gross received a chamber-wide standing ovation during tuesday 's state of the union address .
the aid worker had spent the past five years languishing in a cuban prison before being freed by president raul castro in a prisoner exchange just before christmas .
when he arrived back on american soil last month , gross was 100 pounds lighter and missing several of his teeth .
scroll down for video .
alan gross , recently released from prison in cuba , thrusts his fist in the air as he is mentioned by president barack obama during his state of the union address on tuesday .
on tuesday night gross still looked gaunt and was still minus most of his front teeth as he took pride of place as a guest of first lady michelle obama .
on tuesday night gross still looked gaunt and was still minus most of his front teeth as he took pride of place as a guest of first lady michelle obama .
gross still broke out into a big smile and waved both fists triumphantly from the visitors ' gallery when president obama welcomed him home .
` after years in prison , we 're overjoyed that alan gross is back where he belongs .
welcome home , alan .
' gross was joined by wife judy and earlier the pair had posed for a selfie in front of the twitter mirror installed at the white house especially for the event .
when president obama spoke about cuba during his address he said the previous policy was ` long past its expiration date .
' ` when what you 're doing does n't work for fifty years , it 's time to try something new , ' he said .
alan gross points back at u.s. president barack obama after being recognized during the state of the union speech .
also pictured are judy gross and nasa astronaut scott kelly .
` our shift in cuba policy has the potential to end a legacy of mistrust in our hemisphere ; removes a phony excuse for restrictions in cuba ; stands up for democratic values ; and extends the hand of friendship to the cuban people .
' gross , 65 , had been returned to the u.s. after being freed by president raul castro