by .
matt west and jill reilly .
published : .
01:36 est , 8 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:46 est , 8 may 2013 .
britain 's first pay-as-you-go motorway is proving to be a flop with traffic dropping by 40 percent in just seven years .
the head of the region 's local transport authority says the m6 toll road which runs through the west midlands , has not relieved congestion on the motorway around birmingham .
geoff inskip , chief executive of centro , the west midlands transport authority , called on the government to take the m6 toll road out of private hands to ease congestion around britain 's second largest city , after evidence emerged that traffic on the toll road has fallen since its peak of 55,000 vehicles a day in 2006 .
under used : the m6 toll road should be nationalised rather than expanding the original m6 to cope with the projected 25 per cent increase in traffic over the next 15 years , transport chief geoff inskip said .
when the # 900m road was completed ten years ago .
it was hoped the 27 mile stretch would relieve traffic congestion around .
birmingham with around 74,000 vehicles predicted to use the road each .
day .
currently , around little more than half -- 34,360 - the number of vehicles expected to use the road each day actually do , with congestion costing the west midlands economy # 2 billion a year .
it was thought to be an ideal alternative to traffic jams for drivers , but when traffic is clear on the original m6 , the cost deters motorists and the toll route is marginally longer than the free motorway .
congestion around birmingham has now become .
so bad that the highways agency has already begun work on converting the .
hard shoulder of the original m6 motorway into a new lane in order to .
deal with the additional traffic .
mr inskip told the independent : ` if the m6 toll can not .
be made to work in terms of attracting more vehicles off the m6 then one .
solution is to take it into public ownership .
this would give us the .
option of setting a level of charge that does encourage through .
traffic .
' falling