by .
daily mail repoter .
published : .
07:17 est , 9 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:50 est , 9 december 2013 .
she 's the bikini-clad paparazzo who finds the cameras turned on her when photographing celebrities .
logan fazio , dubbed the the pin-up paparazzo , loves to flaunt her beach body while out on a job .
recently she even upstaged model claudia romani who was modelling swimwear on miami beach .
recently the photographer even upstaged model claudia romani who was modelling for a photo shoot .
the photographer is based in miami where she loves to capture every day life as well as fashion .
on her blog she writes : whether it 's the warmer climate , the turquoise water , the pastel buildings , or the breathtaking sunsets , there is just something about the magic city that seems to inspire everyone .
' i hope to candidly showcase both miami 's fabulous fashionistas and funky freaks in their natural habitats , with a major emphasis on the city herself as a main character .
' logan fazio , dubbed the the pin-up paparazzo , loves to flaunt her beach body while out on a job .
effortless : logan fazio makes modelling look easy despite normally being on the other side of the lens .
many of her photographs are taken on miami beach 's lincoln road .
she has made some star friends along the way .
on .
her facebook page there are shots of her with singer lenny kravitz , .
basketball player lebron james , kim kardashian and kanye west .
it seems everyone loves to have their photograph taken by her .
glamorous : logan fazio stands with other photographers on miami beach with their cameras at the ready .
paparazzi logan fazio pictured with musician lenny kravitz -lrb- left -rrb- and having her photograph taken -lrb- right -rrb- .
friends again : kanye west apologises to photographer logan fazio after a clash at miami international airport .
however , she did recently make headlines after a confrontation with singer kanye west .
the photographer had bravely asked his girlfriend kim if she knew .
her ex-boyfriend was having dinner with his pregnant girlfriend in the .
restaurant next door .
west was clearly angered by the question but after .
bumping