an 87-year-old maryland man has been killed by his pit bull at home as he took down the family christmas tree , according to police in frederick county .
police and animal control were called to the home of eugene smith on wednesday last week and found the 84-pound rescue dog still mauling him .
they managed to pull the dog off from the attack but it was too late for smith , who was taken to hospital where he he later succumbed to his injuries .
the dog was taken to an animal shelter where it was later destroyed .
scroll down for video .
animal lover : eugene smith is pictured here with his milk delivery truck .
the 87-year-old was popular in the neighborhood and known for taking in stray animals .
the frederick county sheriff 's office said that smith was lying on the ground taking the tree down when the dog attacked him .
deputies said that the dog was a stray who smith had taken in to his rural home , where he lived with his son and his son 's fianceé .
smith , who still worked as a milk delivery truck driver , was said to love his canine companion and his friends told wjla that it would sometimes sleep in the same bed as him .
sgt. david luckenbaugh with frederick county animal control said that they had no complaints from neighbors about the dog .
` we had no call history to that address , no complaints involving that dog and the dog did n't come in through our shelter , ' said luckenbaugh to the frederick news post .
` our initial indications are that the attack was unprovoked , the victim did n't do any specific thing to cause that to happen .
' attack : eugene smith was fatally mauled on wednesday while he attempted to take down the family christmas tree .
frederick county sheriff 's office spokeswoman deputy first class amanda hatcher describes the dog attack that killed 87-year-old eugene smith .
his colleagues said that smith , or smitty had worked for more than 60 years and that the animal lover would keep a stash of biscuits for all the cats and dogs that lived along his route from maryland to wisconsin .
medical examiners said that smith suffered severe injuries to his head