coming soon to a plane near you -- the mobile phone call .
for years , aircraft in flight have -- with the exception of tube carriages and funerals -- been a final refuge from the invasive reach of the cellphone conversation .
but this state of affairs could be set to change .
last week , the european aviation safety agency -lrb- easa -rrb- published new guidance for airlines which lifted restrictions on the use of mobile devices during flight .
scroll down for video .
oh great , it 's the boss : being able to access your mobile on planes means the office can always contact you .
and with discussions about a similar relaxation of the rules taking place in the us , the era of having to switch off your phone before take-off -- or risk the infinite wrath of that oddly furious air stewardess -- could be coming to an end .
will this be a good and wonderful thing -- another breezy victory for technology as the age of information marches unstoppably onwards ?
or just an extra irritating factor bolted on to the already-really-quite-irritating experience that is air travel in the 21st century ?
we can think of a few reasons why it may be the former .
and lots of reasons why it may be the latter .
ten reasons why mobile phones on planes will be a bad thing .
-lrb- 1 -rrb- the ` i 'm on a plane ' conversation .
at a rough estimate -lrb- ie , i 've just made this figure up -rrb- , nine out of ten conversations made on mobile phones are completely unnecessary .
useful things and words of great import are rarely spoken on cellphones .
they are the white noise of modern life .
bursts of static .
so bear in mind that almost every phone call conducted on a plane will go something like the below .
then bear in mind how annoying this will be if you are sitting in the next seat .
ring ring .
person calling : hi dave/steve/sarah / kim , how are you ?
dave/steve/sarah / kim : i 'm good .
i 'm on a plane right now .
person calling : oh , ok .
some other question that could definitely wait for a better time .
dave/steve/sarah / kim :