in its bid to become the tourist destination of the future , the oil-rich nation of qatar has gone all-out to impress visitors .
and nowhere moreso than at its sleek airport , where the glitzy accessories range from the beautiful to the somewhat bizarre -lrb- yes , it really has an oversized teddy bear lamp at the entrance -rrb- .
perhaps the world 's most over-the-top airport , doha 's hamad international has taken extravagance to the next level , with gold-plated coffee kiosks , a life-size replica formula one car and a sleek hotel offering vip travellers use of its presidential suite for three-hour layovers .
scroll down for video .
the newly-remodelled hamad airport in doha , qatar , is easily one of the most luxurious in the world .
the terminal itself cost billions to build - and the money is evident in the gold-plated counter of one of the many airport coffee shop .
as well as an in-airport hotel , there are also extensive shopping opportunities - both duty-free and luxury offerings .
here 's hoping that qatar , which also won the rights to the fifa world cup in 2022 , will put on a sporting event even half as spectacular as their airport .
if there was any doubt about the airport 's fascination with luxury , head to the 80 stores scattered throughout the terminals - a who 's who of designer brands from armani and chanel to hermes and bulgari .
a mini art gallery has been designed to entertain culture vultures , while the business class lounge measures a huge 33,000 square feet .
head beyond security and you 'll find a luxury hotel , complete with suites for relaxation for travellers who do n't feel the need to ever leave the comfort of the terminal .
the gigantic 1,400-square foot presidential suite is of particular note , and to suit quick layovers , can be rented out for as little as three hours .
there 's also a restaurant and fitness centre , complete with a spa-inspired indoor pool that overlooks the departing and arriving planes .
opened to great fanfare last year , hamad international is said to have cost the oil-rich nation billions to build .
among the building 's impressive features is hamad 's airport hotel , which boasts 100 rooms and suites conveniently located