it 's not called the silly season for nothing .
one bright spark in townsville has risked electrocution by disconnecting a street light outside his house to add that extra twinkle to his christmas light display .
ergon energy spokesman mark timmerman says maintenance crews were stunned by the man 's determination to make his house super sparkly .
a man has risked being electrocuted to death to make his christmas lights shine brighter by cutting off power to a street light outside his home in townsville , north-eastern coast of queensland .
pictured is a house from christmas comedy film national lampoon 's christmas vacation .
the recent incident draws similarities to the comedy film , starring chevy chase -lrb- pictured -rrb- as clark griswold - the father who shows the dangers of christmas decorating .
` do n't do it .
it 's stupid and it 's dangerous , ' mr timmerman told abc radio said .
` of his own volition he 's gone and disconnected the street light in the front of his home in an attempt to make his christmas lights display stand out a little better in the dark .
' ` we 're not entirely sure how he achieved that .
suffice to say it 's obviously illegal ... and it 's a very dangerous thing to do .
' mr timmerman said crews had also found other examples of people tampering with street lights in the townsville area , north-eastern coast of queensland .
chase 's character goes to extraordinary lengths to cover the exterior of his entire house in thousands of twinkle light .
he said school-aged children had been seen hanging around light poles that were later found to have been tampered with .
he said crews had found three poles where the inspection plates had been removed , and in one case live wires had been left exposed .
` why children would want to be trying to access wiring in street lights we do n't know , but we 've reported that to police , ' mr timmerman said .
the comedy film national lampoon 's christmas vacation , starring chevy chase as clark griswold - the father who shows the dangers of christmas decoratin .
chase 's character goes to extraordinary lengths to cover the exterior of his entire house in thousands of twinkle lights .