chelsea manning is seeking a presidential pardon for handing u.s state secrets to the wikileaks website because it was done ` out of a love for my country ' .
according to documents released today , manning 's lawyer , david coombs , has sent a petition for pardon to president barack obama .
the white house said last month that if manning requested a presidential pardon she would be considered the same as anyone else .
in the petition she wrote that she had started questioning the morality of u.s. actions in iraq and afghanistan while reading secret military reports .
she said : ` when i chose to disclose classified information , i did so out of a love for my country and sense of duty to others .
' manning acknowledged she had broken the law , adding , ' i regret if my actions hurt anyone or harmed the united states .
' manning signed the petition ` bradley manning ' , not chelsea , as her name has not legally been changed .
chelsea manning poses in a wig and lipstick .
-lrb- left -rrb- and is escorted into a day of her court martial as her legal .
identity , bradley manning -lrb- right -rrb- .
chelsea manning 's lawyer david coombs has sent a petition for a presidential pardon to the white house .
mark osler , a law professor and .
founder of a commutation clinic at st. thomas university in minneapolis , .
gave manning 's petition a ` zero per cent ' chance of success .
osler noted that the president has granted just 39 pardons and one commutation since taking .
office , while he has denied 1,333 .
olser added that it is also very early in manning 's confinement for the white house to seriously consider such a request .
manning is currently serving a 35-year sentence at fort leavenworth , kansas , for her conviction on july 30 on 20 counts of disclosing information while working as an intelligence analyst in iraq .
since being convicted manning has said she wants to live as a woman and two army behavioral health specialists diagnosed her with gender dysphoria .
manning now wants to start hormone replacement therapy inside jail , and though the courts have refused , she is challenging the decision .
in another twist ,