the los angeles angels of anaheim are so desperate to rid themselves of major league baseball star josh hamilton that they might decide to pay almost $ 70million for him to play for another team .
hamilton , who has a history of substance abuse and admitted to relapsing with drugs and alcohol in february , is going to be sent back to his former team , the texas rangers , according to reports .
he has been on the disabled list all season after undergoing shoulder surgery on february 4 , about the same time he filed for divorce from real housewives of orange county star katie hamilton .
scroll down for video .
the los angeles angels of anaheim are willing to pay almost $ 70million for josh hamilton to play in texas .
josh hamilton filed for divorce from his wife , katie , in late february after they celebrated ten years together .
the 33-year-old -lrb- pictured -rrb- was an all star during a five-year span with the texas rangers from 2008 until 2012 .
the 33-year-old outfielder still has about $ 83million left on the five-year $ 125million deal he signed with the angels in 2012 .
in order for the angels to rid themselves of hamiton , they would have to agree to pay out the bulk of the cash remaining on his contract , according to mlb.com .
the rangers are only willing to pay around $ 15million to hamilton and do not want to give up any players in a trade with los angeles , sports illustrated reported .
the angels would effectively be paying $ 68million for hamilton to play in texas .
yahoo mlb columnist jeff passan said on twitter : ` angels wanted josh hamilton gone and are paying ~ $ 65m to make it happen .
` rangers get a $ 15m lottery ticket that could be worth much more .
' details of the trade and/or buyout are still being negotiated but an announcement is expected in the next few days unless things fall apart .
hamilton is no longer allowed to see any of his daugthers without supervision , according to court records .
if it goes through , the rangers will happily welcome hamilton back .
shortstop elvis andrus said : ` he is a player who can help everybody .
the deal could stall