belgian citizens have been invited to pay their last respects to the late queen fabiola ahead of her funeral of friday .
the royal family announced via twitter that public tributes could be made to the former queen , who died on friday at the age of 86 , at the royal palace in brussels from wednesday until thursday .
meanwhile , they revealed that the remains of the royal have been moved to the chapel of the castle of laeken , which lies just outside the centre of brussels .
scroll down for video .
sombre journey : a hearse carrying the body of queen fabiola pulls into the castle of laeken in brussels .
final approach : police escort the hearse up to the palace where the queen 's body will rest in the chapel until her funeral on friday .
loss : the former queen died on friday aged 86 .
the hearse was escorted by police with most of the windows covered to obscure the coffin .
a cross could be seen in the rear window .
the hearse was followed by belgium 's former king albert ii and queen paola .
the couple succeeded the throne following the death of queen fabiola 's husband , king baudouin - king albert ii 's brother .
he abdicated last year to be succeeded by his son king philippe .
not her final resting place : the funeral will be held at the cathedral of st. michael and st. gudula in brussels .
respects : a soldier salutes the passing hearse , the public can pay their respects at the royal palace in brussels on wednesday and thursday .
procession : cars follow the police escorted hearse .
mourning : queen fabiola 's brother-in-law , belgium 's former king albert ii and queen paola follow the hearse .
floral tributes have been laid at the palace gates following the announcement of queen fabiola 's death .
her funeral will be held on friday at the cathedral of st michael and st gudula in brussels .
tributes from around the world have been pouring in since queen fabiola died at stuyvenbergh castle in brussels .
loved : floral tributes to fabiola , who was the queen consort for 33 years , were laid at the palace gates .
king philippe said he was left with ` great sadness '