by .
tom mctague , mail online deputy political editor .
the queen may be forced to appoint an australian-style ` governor general ' to rule in her name in scotland if the country votes for independence next month , it has been claimed .
constitutional experts fear independence could throw up divided loyalties for the queen if there was a clash between scotland and the rump-uk in the future .
one solution would be to appoint a ` governor general ' in edinburgh to act in the queen 's name .
this could lead scotland to eventually ditching the royal family and becoming a republic within the european union , claim experts .
the queen - inspecting the argyll and sutherland highlanders at the gates to balmoral earlier this month - may have divided loyalties if scotland voted for independence .
latest polls show support for independence has grown from 39 per cent to 43 per cent in a month , with just four weeks before the historic september 18 referendum .
sir peter cosgrove was sworn in as australia 's twenty sixth governor-general in march this year .
the retired senior army officer represents the queen in australia and is the commander-in-chief of the country 's defence force .
in the day-to-day running of the country the governor-general acts as the country 's head of state and is appointed by the queen on the advice of the australian prime minister .
like the queen in the uk , the governor-general has the power to appoint a prime minister if an election has resulted in a ` hung parliament ' .
he also has the power to dismiss a prime minister where he or she has lost the confidence of the parliament .
the claim comes as a new poll shows rising support for independence with just a month to go before the referendum on september 18 .
a yougov poll for the times puts support for independence at 43 per cent , with 57 per cent backing the union , once undecided voters are taken out .
earlier this month just 39 per cent said they were preparing to vote yes - with 61 per cent for no .
scottish nationalist leader alex salmond has insisted that the queen will remain head of state in an independent scotland .
but his party is split on the issue .