by .
emily crane .
tully kavanagh 's death in 2011 was one of three examined during a coronial inquest , which looked at the involvement of former midwife lisa barrett .
the deaths of two newborn babies delivered during home births have been declared major crimes , with police considering manslaughter charges .
south australia police are investigating circumstances surrounding the deaths of five babies who died following home births - three of which were examined during a coronial inquest in 2012 .
the deaths of tully kavanagh in october 2011 and a second baby who died in december 2012 have been officially declared as major crimes .
tully 's death was one of three examined during the inquest , which looked at the involvement of former midwife lisa barrett .
detectives are now examining evidence given by witnesses during the inquest to determine if perjury was committed or evidence was withheld or concealed .
the inquest before deputy state coroner anthony schapel looked at the deaths of tate spencer-koch in july 2007 , jahli hobbs in april 2009 and tully kavanagh , who was the second of twins born .
the death of a baby in perth in july 2011 was also referenced during the inquest and now police are probing a fifth home birth death of a boy in december 2012 .
in his findings , mr schapel said the three babies would have survived as a ` matter of certainty ' if they had been born in hospital by caesarean section .
detectives are now examining evidence given by witnesses during the adelaide inquest to determine if perjury was committed or evidence was withheld or concealed .
sa police had initally sought advice from the director of public prosecutions adam kimber in 2012 on whether any criminal charge might be laid in respect to ms barrett 's role in the birth of tully kavanagh .
mr kimber told police in early 2013 that there was no reasonable prospect of a conviction against the former midwife and homebirth advocate .
ms barrett gave evidence in relation to two deaths at the inquest but she would not answer questions regarding the death of tully kavanagh and the baby who died in july 2011 on the grounds her answers might incriminate her , the adelaide advertiser reports .
sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .