if you 're looking for a bargain break , you should head to bulgaria , but avoid italy , according to the latest research .
a basket of 10 typical holiday spending items , including evening meals and drinks , cost just # 43 in sunny beach in bulgaria , according to a post office travel money survey .
but buy the same items in tuscany or sorrento and you 'll end up spending more than # 100 .
however , the picture across europe is positive overall , with price drops of up to 21 per cent in two-thirds of resorts on the continent .
balmy bulgaria : sunny beach offers the best value for money for british travellers .
italian idyll : sorrento is a favourite destination among the rich and famous , but it is pricey .
if bulgaria is n't your cup of tea , then marmaris , in turkey , was found to be the second most inexpensive destination , with the items setting holidaymakers back just # 54 .
spain 's costa del sol and costa blanca areas were also good value for money , as was the portuguese algarve and paphos in cyprus where prices have plunged 21 per cent in the last 12 months .
while italy came out as the most expensive destination , the balearic party island of ibiza was n't far behind , where the basket of items was # 97 , with travellers to nice in france also having to splash out , parting with # 96 .
the basket of items included small items such as a bottle of water , a cup of coffee and suncream , along with lunch for two and a three-course evening meal .
bargain breaks : the five cheapest destinations to visit , according to the post office travel money survey .
budget busting : the five priciest destinations included italy , france , ibiza and turkey .
while the .
top 10 cheapest places for holidaymakers was dominated by european .
destinations , orlando , florida , also made it into ninth place , proving .
the family favourite offers good value for money .
strangely , .
while marmaris was the second cheapest destination , the turkish city of .
bodrum was listed in the five priciest holiday hotspots , proving that .
there can be a huge difference