the mother of comedian tracey ullman has been killed in a fire caused by the ` careless disposal ' of a cigarette .
mrs ullman has been left ` deeply saddened ' after discovering doreen skinner died in the fire at her ground-floor retirement flat in holtspur , buckinghamshire , on monday .
the 85-year-old was discovered by firefighters around 11.20 pm .
the comedian allegedly visited the building - which has 28 flats for the over 55s - on thursday to survey the damage , according to residents .
earlier this month it was revealed mrs ullman - left in 1982 , right in january this year - is to make a new six-part bbc one series , the tracey ullman show , almost 30 years after she moved across the atlantic .
she became a huge star in the uk and the united states in the 1980s .
earlier this month it was revealed the 55-year-old is to make a new six-part bbc one series , the tracey ullman show , almost 30 years after she moved across the atlantic .
a spokesman for mrs ullman today said : ` tracey and her family are deeply saddened by the death of her mother , doreen .
` the family would like to thank everyone for the kind messages they have received and ask that their privacy be respected at this difficult time .
' mrs ullman , who was born in slough , berkshire , described her mother in a previous interview as ` very funny ' .
she said : ` my mother was always doing strange things like driving parts around for a garage , all covered in oil .
` but she was very funny and our defence against hardship was having a great sense of humour .
` mum worked in a laboratory , testing food , and would bring home samples for our dinner .
sometimes she 'd have to report that formula x had been found unfit for human consumption .
' one of mrs skinner 's neighbours said : ` the fire started in the middle of the night and the poor lady died .
we are all very shocked .
' another added : ` one of her daughters was here .
i do n't know if it was tracey ullman because i did n't see her myself .
'