by .
victoria woollaston .
the latest leaked images of the iphone 6 appear to give weight to a number of separate rumours that have been doing the rounds for months .
they show a protruding camera , for example , which was first reported on in april , recessed volume controls , which were hinted at during the start of the month , and an embedded logo .
the images are purported to be of the 4.7-inch iphone 6 model and were leaked by russian designers feld and volk .
scroll down for video .
the leaked images were posted by moscow designers feld and volk and claim to show the rear shell -lrb- pictured -rrb- and an embedded logo , alongside a cable that is said to be used for the home button .
the images are purported to be of the 4.7-inch iphone 6 model , which is expected to launch on 9 september .
reports of a protruding camera originated from chinese site weibo in april after an anonymous supplier working at foxconn leaked the information online .
apple is expected to launch its next-generation ipad and iphone models at an event in september .
analysts believe apple is working on two versions of different sizes for its iphone 6 , with one being 4.7 inches -lrb- 11.9 cm -rrb- diagonally - the same size as the htc one .
a larger version is also expected to be released , measuring 5.5 inches -lrb- 14cm -rrb- - slightly larger than samsung 's 5.1-inch galaxy s5 .
in april , taiwan-based commercial times similarly referenced a 2mm-thick battery .
the ipad air is 20 per cent thinner than previous models , and apple is expected to launch an equally super-thin iphone , dubbed iphone air .
this is expected to be the smaller of the two handsets .
feld and volk 's image is a close-up shot of this supposed raised ring , and could be used to attach additional lenses to the iphone 6 , as suggested in a patent also revealed in april .
elsewhere , the recessed volume controls on feld and volk 's image are similar to those seen on the leaked images of the ipad air 2 earlier this month .
it is likely that if apple chooses to make a tweak , such as this , to one new flagship device