a shameless thief sneaked out of her grandmother 's funeral so she could burgle her own mother .
marla everett , 33 , who earlier this year was jailed for allowing her three young sons to live in squalor , raided her mother 's house in immingham , lincolnshire , and stole a laptop , two cameras and a television pay-per-view box containing money .
when her mother susan everett returned home she realised her neighbour 's description of the thief was her own daughter .
shameless : marla everett , 33 , who earlier this year was jailed for allowing her three young sons to live in squalor , sneaked out of her grandmother 's funeral so she could burgle her own mother .
grimsby crown court was told that that both everett and her mother had been at the funeral , but the younger woman had left early .
` susan left home in the morning and the property was secure .
she was going to the funeral at 11.30 am , ' said martin haworth , prosecuting .
` the defendant was present at the funeral and it was noted that they -lrb- everett and an accomplice -rrb- left saying that they were going into grimsby .
' theft : everett -lrb- pictured -rrb- raided her mother 's house in immingham , lincolnshire , and stole a laptop , two cameras and a television pay-per-view box containing money .
he said the mother returned home at about 2.30 pm and discovered ` items appeared to have been moved suggesting someone had been in her house ' .
` the wooden cover of the catflap had been moved , ' mr haworth said .
` she discovered that the laptop and two cameras were missing .
a black pay-per-view box was missing from the main room .
' family gathering : grimsby crown court was told that that both everett and her mother had been at the funeral , but the younger woman -lrb- pictured -rrb- had left early .
' -lsb- after getting information from a neighbour -rsb- she made a call to her daughter asking that the goods be returned .
she said she had spent the money from the tv box .
` it seems that all the goods were recovered except the tv box , money and one camera charger .
` she said