jordan spieth 's first outing after winning the masters did not go according to plan as he finished the first round of the rbc heritage on three over par .
the 21-year-old has enjoyed a whirlwind few days since dominating in augusta to win by four shots from justin rose and phil mickelson , but that rollercoaster ride interrupted his preparations here as he did not play a practice round and he looked tired as he struggled in difficult conditions in south carolina .
jordan spieth looked tired as he struggled in difficult conditions in south carolina .
in cold temperatures and with strong northerly winds , spieth three-putted the sixth to drop his first shot of the day and looked lethargic as he missed birdie opportunities on the ninth and 10th greens .
he dropped another shot on the 11th and on the par-three 14th he sent his tee shot straight into the water , setting up a double bogey that put him four over par .
he pulled one back with a birdie on the par-five 15th , but nevertheless finished well off the pace with three-over 74 even as the conditions kept the scoring under control .
the masters champion finished well off the pace by carding a three-over-par 74 .
after his round , spieth told sky sports 4 he had no idea how many interviews and appearances he has made since sunday .
` i 've lost track , ' he said .
` just getting to experience all these incredible things , whether it 's a business interview , a sports interview , appearing on letterman -lrb- the david letterman show -rrb- , meeting president clinton , a lot took place and it 's almost sad to leave .
` there were so many great experiences you 'd like to have each of those each day , to have them all in one is almost a shame , but it 's good sharing my story , sharing our story , getting our brand out there .
' spieth admitted lack of preparation affected his first round in south carolina .
unless he has something very special up his sleeve for friday , spieth appears set for a much-needed weekend off .
matt every and graeme mcdowell shared the lead on five under after the first round at hilton head .
in difficult conditions ,