by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
18:10 est , 7 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
18:26 est , 7 january 2014 .
victim : timothy ` asti ' davison was shot dead in a highway altercation that investigators now believe was a random act of road rage .
authorities in pennsylvania on tuesday warned that the suspect in the road-rage murder of a 28-year-old maine man over the weekend could strike again if he 's not brought to justice soon .
timothy ` asti ' davison was driving up the east coast from florida to maine when he was fatally shot by a motorist who drove him off the highway early saturday .
authorities are yet to identify a suspect .
` the acts committed against mr. davison were random only to the point of his initial encounter with his assailant , ' the pennsylvania state police said in a statement tuesday .
` beyond that , the acts against him were very deliberate , calculated and violent .
with that said , the potential for additional incidents of similar nature is anticipated due to the violent nature of this incident .
' when davison called 911 in northern maryland to report the rage-filled motorist , he was being shot at by a trailing vehicle .
davison called from interstate 81 near maryland early saturday to say someone in a pickup truck was firing on him .
the call was dropped and he called again , this time having crossed over the border into pennsylvania .
according to police , davison was forced into a median , disabling his vehicle , before the assailant approached and fired several rounds at him .
scroll down for video .
road rage : timothy davison called from interstate 81 near maryland early saturday to say someone in a pickup truck was firing on him just moments before he was forced off the road -lrb- pictured -rrb- and shot dead .
' i think we can call it a road rage incident , ' pennsylvania state trooper rob hicks told the portland press herald .
` at this point we have n't found anything that would connect the two men .
' police .
are not releasing the recordings of the calls , but mr hicks said that .
davison indicated that a driving issue - like one