former footballers jamie redknapp , gary lineker and ian wright practiced their golf swings at an event held at heathrow airport in order to promote the kate and justin rose foundation .
english golfer rose , who was part of the european team which defeated america at gleneagles this weekend , has teamed up with british airways to raise money for his foundation .
rose and his wife kate set up the foundation in order to ` inspire children from he inside out : nutrition , education , and experiences .
' justin rose plays a shot from the wing of the plane while jodie kidd , jamie redknapp , gary lineker and ian wright all pose for the camera .
the four celebrities were all smiles at the justin rose foundation event held at heathrow airport .
wright , lineker and redknapp listen to kidd while british airways pilots stand with the celebs on the runway .
lineker , pictured while playing a shot , tees off from the wing of a british airways boeing 747 .
rose and 2014 ryder cup star rose are all smiles during the charity event at heathrow airport .
the duo have helped children in orlando fight hunger , provided books to less fortunate kids and host two events a year to give children new life experiences .
the event saw rose take a shot from the wing of a british airways boeing 747 at heathrow airport on monday .
match of the day presenter lineker also attempted the shot from the wing of the plane while both wright and redknapp also took part in a plethora of challenges .
fashion model and english television personality jodie kidd also made an appearance .
rose uploaded a selfie , taken by redknapp , onto his instagram with the message ` morning british airways engineering bay with friends jamie redknapp , ian wright , jodie kidd and gary lineker .
' redknapp , wright , kidd and lineker also took to social media to reveal to their followers that they were at the event for the rose foundation .
rose , wright and redknapp appear to congratulate lineker after he plays a shot at the event .
match of the day host lineker was delighted to take part in the rose foundation event .
wright thanked british airways for helping the rose foundation with the