by .
bianca london .
he 's best known for his role as marine sergeant nicholas brody in homeland , which earned him an emmy and golden globe , but damian lewis has proven his worth as a model too .
the 43-year-old homeland star , who hails from north london , has been snapped up by british brand aquascutum to front its aw14 campaign .
the acclaimed actor is joined by top model eliza cummings , who has walked for nearly every big designer and fronted countless high fashion campaigns .
scroll down for video .
new campaign : homeland star damian lewis and supermodel eliza cummings have been recruited to front aquascutum 's aw14 campaign .
shot by renowned fashion photographer .
alasdair mclellan and in partnership with creative agency art partner , .
aquascutum say they are delighted to present the new campaign .
the couple are captured in romantic and elegant black and white portraits under the .
atmospheric iron arches of macclesfield bridge on london 's regent 's .
canal .
romantic : the black and white campaign was shot by alasdair mclellan by the river in north london .
actor to model : he 's best known for his role as marine sergeant nicholas brody in homeland , which earned him an emmy and a golden globe , but damian lewis has proven his worth as a model .
top model : eliza , who has walked for all the big names in fashion , looks effortlessly stylish in the oversized cloud-coloured baxter coat .
` the cinematic environment aims to capture the two in an .
intimate stolen moment , just steps away from the hustle and bustle of .
the city , ' said a spokesperson for the brand .
the brand 's iconic trench makes an .
appearance in the seam-sealed navy wool single breasted howell coat worn .
by damian , whilst eliza looks effortlessly stylish in the oversized .
cloud-coloured baxter coat .
founded in 1851 , aquascutum prides itself on its british tailoring and promises to offer luxurious elegance .
` aqua scutum ' , which in latin translate to ` water shield ' , was the brainchild of founder of the brand john emary .
he was also the person responsible for pioneering the first waterproof wool fabric , then used from 1914 to make the functional