by .
steve robson .
published : .
09:55 est , 11 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
21:30 est , 11 december 2012 .
a group of ` psychobillies ' - ex-punks , teds and skinheads - stare at a camera in a shopping arcade ... the flat-top hairdo of one dyed a similar colour to the logo of a c&a store in the background .
elsewhere , young boys gaze longingly at chunky video games , such as firefox and scramble , in a computer shop .
this was the face of peterborough in the late 1970s/early 80s , caught on camera by paramedic chris porsz , who spent hours walking the streets taking up to 300 photos a day .
now , the 59-year-old 's remarkable record of life in the cambridgeshire new town has been published in a book , called new england .
mr porsz , nicknamed the ` paramedic paparazzo ' , spent four decades shooting scenes that captured the spirit of the town .
changing faces : paramedic and amateur photographer chris porsz took these remarkable pictures of peterborough in the 1970s and 80s .
nostalgia : the son of polish immigrants , chris porsz , would take up to 300 photos a day of his everyday surroundings in peterborough .
relaxation : chris porsz said taking photos helped him unwind from his stressful day job as a paramedic .
style : a group of young punks congregate on a step complete with ripped denim and dr. martens .
remarkable record : as an amateur photographer in the 1970s and 80s , chris porsz tried to improve his skills by taking snaps of people in the streets .
many of the images are heartwarming : .
children playing carefree in parks ; smiling as they are served school .
dinners ; and queuing to go to the cinema .
others are more downbeat , depicting a place of poverty where youngsters run riot in derelict buildings .
peterborough was one of many towns which .
was expanded after the second world war and attracted young people .
tempted by the promise of a better life .
in the decades that followed , it also saw an influx of residents from europe , who arrived with the same hopes and dreams .
by the early eighties , peterborough , .
like many