authorities have today arrested 23 suspected members of a terror cell in connection with a jihadist massacre at tunisia 's national museum which left 21 people dead .
the attack last week targeted the bardo museum in the capital tunis with 20 foreign tourists , including 17 people from a cruise ship gunned down .
tunisia 's interior ministry confirmed the arrests saying that 80 per cent of the terror cell responsible for the attack had been broken up and that the suspects are due to appear in court .
a man lays flowers on the bloodstained entrance to the bardo museum in tunisia .
today 23 suspects have been arrested in connection with the jihadist attack .
however , they added that three suspects involved in the attack , who are thought to be moroccan and algerian nationals , are still on the run .
interior minister najem gharsalli said : ` twenty-three suspects including a woman have been arrested as part of a terrorist cell involved in the attack .
' among those arrested was head of the terror cell , who was identified as mohammed emine guebli .
mr gharsalli added how the gunmen attacked the museum wearing belts filled with powerful explosive semtex , which would have been ` catastrophic ' if used .
he also detailed that two members of the group arrested had also fought with extremists in syria , with the three others , including the attackers , training in libya .
cctv released earlier this week showed the two gunmen and a third unidentified man roaming around inside the museum before the attack .
today it was revealed how the gunmen attacked the museum wearing belts filled with powerful explosive semtex .
tunisian national maher ben mouldi kaidi had been previously identified as a suspect and is alleged to have provided the automatic weapons to the gunmen .
the minister also said the operation was organised by an algerian jihadist named lokmane abou sakhr , one of the leaders of the al-qaeda-linked okba ibn nafaa brigade , the main tunisian armed group active along the border with algeria .
earlier this week a video emerged of the moment two gunman began roaming the bardo museum looking for victims .
the one-minute video posted on the government 's interior ministry facebook page shows the two men scurrying through the tunis museum , carrying