giant ` cannibal ' slugs are set to wreak a trail of destruction in gardens across britain , experts have warned .
two mild winters in a row have created the perfect conditions for spanish slugs - an horrific , aggressive species which grows up to six inches long - to expand their territory .
the species , nicknamed the cannibal slug because of its tendency to feast on the remains of dead relatives , was first spotted in this country in 2012 .
the giant spanish slug , pictured , was first spotted in the uk in 2012 and is now starting to take hold .
sightings have since been reported in norfolk , suffolk , essex , kent , london and hampshire .
but this year it is expected to tighten its hold on the country and spread even further .
dr ian bedford , the expert who first identified the species three years ago , warned that it is likely to thrive after two very mild winters .
` if this warm weather continues and we do not have any cold spells before may we could see very high numbers of the spanish slug this year , ' he said .
dr bedford , head of entomology at the john innes centre in norwich , said the slug - which officially is called arion vulgaris and originates in southern europe - can not survive extreme cold temperatures .
common native slugs , although less aggressive , are much better at surviving cold conditions .
experts say it is too early to know whether common varieties will have a boom year , because the volumes of rain we see this spring and summer will be much more closely tied to their fortunes .
the winter of 2012/13 saw several cold snaps , blizzards and frosts , which hit the new population of spanish slugs hard .
but the intervening two winters have been much warmer , particularly in southern england which has barely seen any snow in 24 months .
the average temperature in england for december , january and february this year was 4.4 c -lrb- 39.9 f -rrb- , and the year before was even warmer at 5.8 c -lrb- 42.4 f -rrb- .
the average english winter temperature is 4.2 c -lrb- 39.6 f -rrb- .
slug expert dr ian bedford , pictured , said