by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
23:43 est , 23 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:42 est , 24 september 2013 .
a video games sales clerk has penned a letter begging parents to think hard before buying young children a copy of the mega hit , and ultra-violent , grand theft auto v .
in a heartfelt letter posted to kotaku , the game sales veteran says parents are often too preoccupied or indifferent to notice that they 're buying sex and gore-filled games for elementary school children .
` last week my store sold over a thousand copies of gta v , ' he writes .
` at least a hundred of which were sold to parents for children who could barely even see over my counter .
' scroll down to see grand theft auto v trailer ... look carefully : a game store clerk says too many parents just buy extremely violent games like grand theft auto v without understanding their graphic content .
the fifth installment of the grand theft auto franchise hit store shelves last week .
in just one day , sales reached $ 800 million .
game maker take-two interactive software inc. says the launch is the biggest of any game in the company 's history .
past versions of grand theft auto have been derided by concerned parents and other groups as inappropriate for children and some would suggest that a game whose main objective is to cause as much property damage and bodily harm as possible is inappropriate for any age group .
nonetheless , the entertainment software rating board gives the game -- as it has all grand theft auto iterations -- one of the strongest warnings possible : an m for mature audiences of 17 or older .
a ` deeply disturbing world ' : the state-of-the-art game cost $ 270million to make and some fear its realism and ultra-violence will adversely affect children .
` last week my store sold over a thousand copies of gta v , ' writes the sales clerk , ` at least a hundred of which were sold to parents for children who could barely even see over my counter ' much like the ratings that deem who should , and should not view certain theatrical releases , a group called the entertainment software rating board