by .
associated press and daily mail reporter .
published : .
14:01 est , 22 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:32 est , 23 september 2013 .
pop star rihanna spent a weekend at the beach in thailand , leaving behind a trail of racy tweets and incriminating instagram photographs that led police to arrest two people for allegedly peddling protected primates .
on a break from her diamonds world tour , rihanna stopped in thailand to visit the island of phuket , where she befriended some local wildlife .
she posted a link on twitter to an instagram photo that showed her in sunglasses snuggling up to a furry primate called the slow loris , and tweeted friday : ` look who was talkin dirty to me !
' pop singer by day , unintentional animal activist by night : thai police arrested two men for selling photo ops with protected-species the slow loris after rihanna posted a picture of herself with one on instagram .
the slow loris , a squirrel-like animal with big eyes , is native to southeast asia and is listed as a protected species .
thai police must have been keeping tabs on rihanna , because after she posted the picture with the slow loris friday night , police in phuket raided bangla road the following day to hunt out louts peddling the lorises for pictures with tourists .
' i had an order from the phuket governor to do a raid today after rihanna posted a photo of her with the loris , ' awat nithikil , leader of the patrol officers and senior forest academic at khao phra taew forest preserve , told the phuket news .
` it is very difficult to do the raids because the touts have spies .
if someone hears that the police are coming their way , there will be a person who calls the touts and tells them to move , ' he said .
but this time police were successful and apprehended two louts who were selling pictures with lorises .
one of the herd : the slow loris was n't the only wildlife rihanna checked out in thailand .
she posted another picture of her interacting with a herd of elephants .
police confiscated two lorises from .
the pair -- a 20-year-old man and a 16-year-old boy --