ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats .
here is all the information you need for liverpool 's home clash with chelsea ... click here to follow the liverpool vs chelsea premier league clash at anfield live .
liverpool vs chelsea -lrb- anfield -rrb- .
kick-off : saturday 12.45 pm - bt sport 1 .
odds -lrb- subject to change -rrb- : .
liverpool 9/4 .
draw 12/5 .
chelsea 23/20 .
referee : anthony taylor .
managers : brendan rodgers -lrb- liverpool -rrb- , jose mourinho -lrb- chelsea -rrb- .
head-to-head league record : liverpool wins 64 , draws 30 , chelsea wins 48 .
team news .
liverpool .
liverpool captain steven gerrard , fellow midfielder jordan henderson and forward raheem sterling are all expected to be recalled for the visit of league leaders chelsea .
the trio were among seven players left out of the midweek defeat at real madrid but not all are guaranteed to return .
good performances by the likes of centre-back kolo toure and forward fabio borini could see them retain their places .
provisional squad : mignolet , johnson , skrtel , toure , moreno , gerrard , henderson , allen , coutinho , sterling , borini , balotelli , jones , manquillo , lovren , can , markovic , lucas , lallana , lambert .
steven gerrard and mario balotelli in training for liverpool on thursday at melwood ahead of chelsea clash .
chelsea .
striker diego costa will start for premier league leaders chelsea at liverpool despite being left out of the spain squad to recover from his persistent hamstring trouble .
striker loic remy -lrb- groin -rrb- and midfielder john obi mikel -lrb- knee -rrb- are available following recent injuries , with jose mourinho having a fully-fit squad to choose from .
full-back cesar azpilicueta is available again after completing his three-match domestic suspension following his dismissal against crystal palace .
provisional squad : courtois , cech , ivanovic , luis , fabregas , zouma , ake , ramires , oscar , hazard , drogba , mikel , schurrle , salah , costa , remy , matic , willian , cahill , terry , azpilicueta , christensen , baker ,