gareth colfer-williams was one of more than 1,200 infected by measles in the swansea area .
a young father who was not inoculated against measles as a child died from the disease during an epidemic in swansea .
more than 1,200 people were infected by the virus in the south wales outbreak .
the epidemic last november hospitalised more than 80 young people who had not had the vaccine at the height of the mmr scare .
an inquest at swansea coroners court heard how mr williams died after he had complained of suffering from a rash on this body , fever and hallucinations , to doctors .
he had been advised by .
doctors to rest at home , take paracetamol and stop taking .
detoxification medicine he had started , in case he was reacting to it .
mr colfer-williams was concerned about his four-year-old daughter dakota and made sure she had the jab .
he was said to be vulnerable to infection as he had begun a detox two weeks before his death after suffering from alcohol problems .
consultant pathologist dr maurizio brotto said at 5ft 8in , mr colfer-williams was ` very underweight ' weighing just 7st 7lbs .
mr colfer-williams ' death in april came seven months after the outbreak of the disease last year .
a major vaccination programme was launched during the outbreak as parents were warned children could suffer anything from an eye disorder to deafness , brain damage , or death .
mr colfer-williams was not inoculated against the disease as a child .
he and his partner cairo oneim -lrb- pictured right -rrb- ensured their 4-year-old daughter dakota was protected against infection .
the 25-year-old died at his home in swansea .
he had been advised by doctors to rest at home , take paracetamol and stop taking his detoxification medicine in case he was reacting to it .
gareth colfer-williams was infected by measles and died from giant cell pneumonia .
speaking after the case mr .
colfer-williams ' mother angela said her son 's fiancee cairo oneim and .
daughter dakota , were devastated by his death .
` he was a wonderful son and a wonderful father , uncle and brother .
cairo and dakota are having a terrible time .
' dr brotto told the inquest gareth was positive for measles and died from giant