parents of sixth graders at a pennsylvania school were forced to sign permissions slips so that their children could each eat a single oreo cookie .
mrs darlene porter , a science teacher at welsh valley middle school in lower merion , sent the note out while planning a lesson for friday about the earth 's tectonic plates , which she wanted to represent with double stuf oreos .
the twitter account mainline housewife posted a picture of a form describing it as ` insanity ' .
parents of sixth graders at a school in eastern pennsylvania received a letter from teacher darlene porter asking for a signature allowing their children to eat an oreo cookie .
` the students may eat the oreo after the investigation if this is okay with you , ' the note , sent home on monday , reads .
` the students do not have to eat the oreo if they do not wish to do so .
' mrs porter 's form then explains that without expressed parental permission given by wednesday , the students would not be allowed to have the the cookie .
` it 's one teacher who was really trying to do her due diligence , quite honestly , '' lower merion school district spokesman doug young told the philadelphia inquirer .
despite its intentions , the permissions slips were lambasted by internet users .
` oh dear lord .
some poor tree had to give its life for this idiocy , ' one commenters said on the parenting blog free-range kids .
a spokesman for the lower merion school district said that the teacher was ` trying to do her due diligence ' but there was no requirement that permission slips be sent home .
a student in ms porter 's class has a food allergy , though there was no requirement for the forms to be sent home to every parent .
` did the school ask permission to send this permission slip ?
' another asked .
mainline housewife said that she did not blame the teacher 's zeal .
' i fault our crazy culture , ' she said .
a student in ms porter 's class has an allergy that requires notifications about food in the classroom , though there is no requirement that permission slips to all parents need to be sent .