make no mistake .
a first trophy as celtic manager was a huge , significant step for ronny deila .
he took the old cup from rod stewart , skipped down the hampden steps and refused to let go until the ` ronny roar ' -- his ceremonial bonding session with the club 's supporters .
but this was a day when sobriety was the parkhead watchword .
sober reflection , followed by a sober celebration .
celtic 's first league cup since 2009 is the platform for deila to become only the third celtic boss to win a domestic treble .
but that 's it .
a piece in the jigsaw , no more .
the celtic players celebrate on the podium with the qts scottish league cup after beating dundee united 2-0 at hampden park .
celtic manager ronny deila gets ready to lift the scottish league cup with his players as the bhoys kicked off their celebrations .
a scottish cup replay against dundee united -- who else ?
-- beckons on wednesday and that ensured there was no prospect of glasgow 's fast-food outlets cashing in on a celtic team session last night .
the players , captain scott brown included , were under orders to be in bed by midnight .
` we should enjoy the moment , ' said a relieved deila after an eventful , if unremarkable , final .
` but there is not going to be any nightlife .
' we should have known brown would be a key figure here again .
the celtic skipper escaped punishment for the tackle which triggered two red cards -- both rescinded -- when these teams met at tannadice last week .
his manager then overlooked the front-page pictures of a night of rabble-rousing in edinburgh before the final .
yet the greatest let-off of all might have been here when referee bobby madden denied united -- who ended the game with 10 men and a strong sense of injustice - a penalty kick .
popstar and devoted celtic fan rod stewart hands celtic captain scott brown the trophy after the 2-0 victory over dundee united .
scott brown lifts the scottish league cup alongside keeper craig gordon -lrb- right -rrb- after a difficult week in the headlines .
celtic captain scott brown takes a selfie with a unusual phone case in hand as