david cameron let mounting criticism of his cornish holiday wash over him today - by going body boarding .
opponents have accused the prime minister of complacency over the iraq crisis and have publicly demanded that he return to number 10 to get a grip on the developing crisis in iraq .
mr cameron only returned to downing street on wednesday morning , following the brutal execution of hostage james foley - but went back to the west country just 19 hours later .
scroll down for video .
making waves : prime minister david cameron clutches a body board enjoys the surf in cornwall .
drying off : the prime minister with a towel .
he returned to his holiday after a 19-hour dash to downing street .
mr cameron today appeared to put the stresses of high office to one side , by joining fellow holidaymakers riding the waves on a beach in cornwall .
it comes after the barack obama sparked anger in the us after being pictured laughing with friends on a golf course just hours after describing the beheading of mr foley ` an act of violence that shocks the conscience of the entire world ' .
images of mr cameron playing in the surf come amid mounting pressure for a recall of parliament to deal with the growing threat of islamic state insurgents sweeping through iraq and syria .
in the latest developments , foreign secretary philip hammond , who has been left in charge of the situation while mr cameron is in cornwall , last night ruled out a deal with syria 's bashar al-assad -- despite warnings it will be impossible to defeat islamic state fanatics without his help .
dealing with the tyrant , who has killed tens of thousands of his people , would poison britain 's wider diplomatic efforts in the middle east , he said .
` i 've said very often that one of the first things you learn in the middle east is that my enemy 's enemy is not necessarily my friend .
` we may very well find that we are aligned against a common enemy , but that does n't make us friends .
` it does n't make us able to trust them , it .
does n't enable us to work with them .
it would poison what we are trying