by .
jason groves , tim shipman and gerri peev .
published : .
02:09 est , 14 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
20:35 est , 14 december 2012 .
ed miliband is under fire on immigration after he dropped an admission that labour 's open door policy had left communities across britain ` struggling to cope ' .
his spin doctors had briefed the media that he would admit that labour 's failure to control immigration had damaged britain and increased community tensions .
he had been expected to say : ` we did too little to tackle the realities of segregation in communities that were struggling to cope .
' ` mistakes ' : labour leader ed miliband admitted his party failed to tackle the growing problem of segregation while it was in power but dropped an admission that labour 's open door policy left communities ` struggling to cope ' the labour leader used a speech at samaj hall in tooting to suggest money used for translating leaflets would be better spent on english lessons .
the frank admission led news bulletins on the bbc and newspaper websites for much of the day .
but mr miliband then dropped it from his speech , merely repeating a vague acknowledgment that the party had made ` mistakes ' on immigration when in government .
the labour leader called for a new strategy to help millions of immigrants integrate with british society .
but he was silent on ways to control immigration levels in future .
senior tories last night called on mr miliband to apologise for labour 's record on immigration .
david cameron challenged mr miliband to support government policies to curb immigration .
david cameron said the last government , in which mr miliband was a cabinet minister , had left behind an immigration system in ` complete and utter meltdown ' .
he challenged the labour leader to drop his opposition to the government 's immigration cap and its crackdown on bogus students .
mr miliband 's speech came days after the results of the 2011 census showed that the number of people born abroad and living in the uk had increased by almost four million in ten years .
there are now around one million households where no one speaks english .
labour insisted mr miliband ` stands by ' the