at first glance , it looks like a perfectly normal helicopter .
but northrop grumman 's mq-8c fire scout is missing one key thing - a pilot .
the firm this week showed off the craft taking to sea for the first time - and landing with pinpoint accuracy on a destroyer .
scroll down for video .
the mq-8c fire scout landing on the uss dunham for the first time .
the drone does not need a runway to take off so the navy hopes to use it on smaller ships .
the mq-8c fire scout is a fully autonomous , fourblade , single-engine unmanned helicopter .
it can carry about 1,000 lbs , and can stay in the air for upto 12 hours .
the craft has been stuffed with electronics so it can be flown as a drone - but with all the same capabilities as a normal helicopter .
the mq-8c fire scout is a fully autonomous , fourblade , single-engine unmanned helicopter .
` it will carry an array of reconnaissance , surveillance and target acquisition -lrb- rsta -rrb- sensors to support warfighters ' demands for enhanced situational awareness , ' the firm said .
after more than a year of land-based testing at point mugu , california , the mq-8c fire scout has now made 22 takeoffs and 22 precision landings while being controlled from the ship 's ground control station .
` the mq-8c fire scout 's flights from the uss dunham represent a significant navy milestone , ' said said capt. jeff dodge , fire scout program manager at naval air systems command .
` this is the first sea-based flight of the mq-8c and the first time an unmanned helicopter has operated from a destroyer .
the mq-8c fire scout is a fully autonomous , fourblade , single-engine unmanned helicopter .
the drone is based on a bell 407 helicopter , which is often used by hospitals , news organizations , movie studios and law enforcement agencies worldwide .
` the extended capabilities will offer the navy a dynamic , multipurpose unmanned helicopter with increased endurance , allowing for our ship commanders and pilots to have a longer on station presence .
' george vardoulakis , vice president for tactical unmanned systems with northrop grumman 's aerospace systems sector said , ` this contract provides significant momentum for the work northrop