by .
andy dolan .
published : .
10:49 est , 28 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
01:39 est , 29 may 2013 .
school dinners may never be the same again .
the rising cost of potatoes is forcing them from the daily menu .
they have more than tripled in price from # 91-a-tonne in 2012 to # 295 this year , meaning schools can no longer afford to fry , roast or mash them .
so instead of featuring in every meal , potatoes will be served up just two or three times a week in some schools .
cutbacks : schoolchildren will be offered rice or noodles as an alternative to potatoes in order to cut costs , nottingham county council has said .
rain , snow and ice through one of the .
wettest winters and coldest springs on record led to a shortage of .
home-grown potatoes , with imports having to make up the shortfall .
nottinghamshire county council .
announced the news yesterday , saying potato dishes in its school dinners .
would be replaced by rice and noodles .
a spokesman said school cooks had .
also noticed a downturn in the quality of potatoes .
kevin mckay , the .
council 's head of catering and facilities management , said : ` the impact .
for school meals has been the rising price of potatoes , especially .
jackets , where wholesale prices have doubled and the quality is poor .
` other potatoes used for mashing and roasting are also sometimes poor and cooks have to be selective in what they can use .
' off the menu : the rising price of potatoes means nottingham county council is cutting back on the number of days they will be served up to schoolchildren in the area .
costly : the authority said the measures were being put in place after the cost of potatoes more than tripled in the space of a year .
mr mckay said the situation had ` put .
pressure on the schools meals service ' , which charges # 2-a-meal .
he said .
children had reacted positively to the new recipes which included .
braised rice and oriental noodles .
some farmers have been forced to .
plant this year 's potato crop a month late because of poor conditions