by .
ruth styles .
published : .
07:14 est , 17 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:02 est , 17 july 2013 .
older people on the hunt for a romantic relationship are increasingly finding it while travelling abroad , new research has revealed .
one in five senior travellers say they would be more likely to contemplate having a holiday romance now than when they were younger and a tenth have admitted to having an exotic fling already .
a small minority even admitted to planning their holidays based purely on their chances of finding love while away .
romance : older travellers are now just as likely to find love while abroad as their younger counterparts .
the look of love : pauline collins starred as shirley valentine in the 1989 film about an older lady who finds romance while on holiday in greece .
although holiday romances have traditionally been the preserve of teenagers and twenty-somethings , older people are no strangers to the concept .
along with films such as shirley valentine , in which a middle-aged liverpudlian housewife finds life-changing love while on holiday in greece , there have been numerous reports of marriages arising from older unions - although they have n't always ended happily .
among them was mary cotnoir , now 61 , who married a gambian waiter 35 years her junior only to discover that his real interest was in gaining a british visa .
perhaps that is why the poll , conducted by over-50s travel insurance provider staysure , also found that 61 per cent of those indulging in holiday romances would n't tell their friends about it .
a lack of a long term future was another reason cited , with half of mature holidaymakers saying that although relationships often continued after arriving home , the majority lasted only a few weeks .
italy .
spain .
greece .
france .
us/caribbean .
nevertheless , almost a quarter of the over-50s questioned said that they knew .
somebody who had met their husband or wife on holiday .
despite the pitfalls , holidays are seen as a good route to romantic success , according to 60 per cent of mature travellers , although almost half ended up with a british man or woman .
just 15 per cent chose to strike up a relationship with