by .
brian marjoribanks .
dundee united wonderkid ryan gauld has clinched a sensational # 3million move to european giants sporting lisbon on a six-year contract .
the 18-year-old jetted into the portuguese capital on tuesday with his agent , john colquhoun , his dad and the united secretary john taylor to finalise his dream switch to the primeira liga runners-up .
gauld was undergoing a medical late on tuesday night after agreeing personal terms on a contract that would run until 2020 , as sporting aimed to rush through the deal in time for their celebrations to mark the club 's 108th anniversary .
on the move : ryan gauld is on his way to sporting lisbon .
and , despite a few legal formalities still to be tied up , senior sources close to the move confirmed to sportsmail that it was ` essentially a done deal ' .
it represents a stunning move for gauld who , at the end of his breakthrough campaign in scottish football , will now find himself playing in the champions league with sporting lisbon next season .
the wide midfielder burst to prominence as a young and exciting united side finished fourth in last season 's scottish premiership and reached the scottish cup final , only to lose 2-0 to st johnstone .
his form led to scouts from european powerhouses like real madrid , roma , manchester united and arsenal beating a path to tannadice to watch the talented teenager in the flesh .
it also led united to shrewdly tie down their scotland under-21 star , who made 42 first-team appearances since his debut in 2012 , by securing him on improved terms until 2016 .
his profile was also substantially raised by his team-mates nicknaming him ` baby messi ' , due to the similarity in style and build to argentina and barcelona star lionel messi .
twiner : gauld takes on three celtic players during the scottish cup semi-final in april .
joy : he made 50 appearances for the club in all competitions scoring nine goals .
video gauld scores a brace for dundee united .
on tuesday , united boss jackie mcnamara had spoken of his desire to keep gauld at tannadice to build on last season 's achievements .
but he admitted the teenage midfielder 's departure from tayside was inevitable after a `