radamel falcao has been reduced to tears by his manchester united nightmare , according to the colombia star 's former agent .
silvano espindola revealed that falcao phoned him from old trafford last week before he was made to play for the under 21s against tottenham and admitted he felt ` weird ' about the situation .
the 29-year-old striker also expressed fears that he risked a recurrence of his serious knee injury by playing against lower-grade opposition .
radamel falcao has endured a torrid time at manchester united of late , and has been in tears at his situation .
falcao played for united 's under 21s , but admitted to his former agent that he is scared of getting injured .
falcao lined up for united 's development side against tottenham , but failed to make an impact on the game .
falcao is earning # 280,000-a-week during his loan to united from monaco , but it looks increasingly unlikely that louis van gaal will sanction a # 43million deal to make the move permanent at the end of the season .
the former porto and atletico madrid man has only scored four goals for united and has not started a game for three weeks .
espindola , falcao 's close friend and former representative , told as colombia : ` we speak a lot .
i am not going to tell you that he feels happy because he is n't .
we speak many times , and we cry together .
silvano espindola -lrb- left -rrb- , falcao 's former agent , has lifted the lid on the colombian 's emotional struggle .
louis van gaal now needs to decide whether he wants to shell out # 43million to make the loan permanent .
falcao -lrb- left -rrb- battles with antonio valencia during a training session at united 's aon complex on friday .
` it is not an easy situation because every player wants to play and every goalscorer wants to score goals , it 's what 's normal .
` while on his way to the ground to play that match with the youth team he called me .
we talked for about 20 minutes while he arrived at the stadium and he told me `` something like this had never happened to me -- i do n't know how to handle the situation ,