by .
larisa brown .
published : .
20:26 est , 1 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
20:33 est , 1 october 2013 .
in days gone by , they were mainly the preserve of del boy-style wheeler-dealers .
but now the middle-classes are snapping up fake designer handbags , watches and dvds .
more than half of all consumers have admitted buying counterfeit goods , according to a recent study .
the research was conducted by consultants from pwc who wanted to explore public attitudes towards the growth in industry of counterfeiting .
buying fake goods used to be preserve of del boy-style wheeler-dealers but has now ` gone mainstream ' according to a new survey on attitudes to the counterfeiting industry .
they concluded fake goods ` have gone mainstream ' , leaving manufacturers of the genuine articles out of pocket .
while 90 per cent of the public said they considered buying fake goods ` morally wrong ' , it did not stop them acquiring a knock-off watch or gucci handbag .
in total , 53 per cent of consumers admitted they had bought counterfeit goods -- many blaming the fact they could not afford the real thing .
young people were the worst offenders , with almost two thirds buying fakes such as jewellery and designer clothes .
affluent professional and managerial classes were just as likely to buy fakes as unskilled workers and those on benefits .
londoners and people from northern ireland were found to be the worst offenders , with scots the least likely to give in to temptation .
more than half of all consumers have admitted buying counterfeit goods , such as dvds -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
fake designer watches and bags were also popular buys as people can not afford the real thing -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
mark james , head of anti-counterfeiting .
at pwc , told the times newspaper technological advances and more .
fragmented supply chains were behind the fake goods flooding britain .
he said : ` just as it has never been easier to start your own business , it has also never been easier to start your own counterfeiting business .
` not surprisingly , the study found that most people go to the internet to buy fakes , where things are harder to track .
' one of