former pupils of a paeodphile teacher who allegedly abused up to 60 boys at a leading private school spoke last night of their shock at learning of his depraved lifestyle .
william vahey , 64 , is said to have held a .
` cookie race ' at bedtime in which children as young as ten were .
encouraged to eat as many as they could , unaware they had been drugged .
once the pupils passed out , some were assaulted .
details of the calculating schemes of the predator emerged as the extent of his offending became clear yesterday .
vahey , pictured with his wife jean , killed himself at a us motel last month as fbi agents were poised to investigate a usb memory stick containing dozens of graphic images of naked children dating back to 2008 .
the revelations prompted ` complete shock ' in natalie salmon , 23 , who was at a school where the paedophile teacher worked in venezuela .
she said : ` it 's so sad , and it 's the first time where i 've thought to myself as a girl i am safer than being a boy .
' she said she remembered vahey as being a ` nice , shy sort of guy ' , but that her male friends from school now refuse to even speak about the possibility they were his victims .
document : an fbi affidavit revealed the extent of vahey 's crimes around the world .
fbi investigators said more than 100 potential victims had come forward since news broke yesterday that the married american had taken pictures of himself attacking up to 60 sleeping students from the elite southbank international school in westminster during class trips abroad between 2009 and 2013 .
the sickening images depicted children aged ten to 14 at the international school , where he taught history and geography and led trips to jordan , nepal and venezuela .
another 30 children , who also appeared to be unconscious or asleep when the assaults took place , were pictured from other schools he worked in during a 40-year career spent teaching at ten american international schools in nine countries .
southbank international school , which is favoured by diplomats and foreign executives , has 758 pupils and charges fees of # 25,000 a year .
vahey committed suicide