a woman who fought and killed a hitman sent by her husband to murder her eight years ago has told how she is living in fear as her jailed ex 's release date draws near .
susan walters has devised a ` run plan ' to go into hiding if she feels threatened and has drawn up a will in case a second attempt on her life succeeds .
the terrified 59-year-old has also laid gravel around her house in order to hear the crunch of approaching footsteps and installed a new security system .
living in fear : susan walters shows a picture of the hammer used by the hitman at her husband 's trial in 2007 .
he is to be released later this year after serving eight years in prison .
in 2006 , her estranged husband michael kuhnhausen agreed to pay crack addict edward haffey $ 50,000 to bludgeon her to death with a hammer and make it look like a burglary gone wrong .
haffey broke into ms walters 's home in portland , oregon , and lay in wait for her to return .
when she walked through the door he attacked her with the hammer , hitting her repeatedly around the head .
threat ?
ms walters is terrified that her husband michael kuhnhausen , might organise another attempt on her life .
but ms walters fought back , and in a desperate struggle that lasted an estimated 15 minutes she wrestled him to the ground and grabbed him round the throat .
she relaxed her grip demanding to know who had sent him , but when he tried to break free she choked him to death .
notes found in haffey 's backpack linked him to kuhnhausen , who was arrested and pleaded guilty to soliciting to commit aggravated murder .
in a plea deal he was sentenced to just 10 years in prison and that was reduced to eight on grounds of good behaviour , meaning he will walk free in september .
in 2008 , ms walters sued kuhnhausen , whom she had been married to for 17 years , for $ 1 million claiming emotional distress , saying she did not want him to have enough money to hire a hitman again .
kuhnhausen , who will be 66 when he is released , insists he is not a