by .
jill reilly for mailonline .
austin christopher , 23 , tore up two golf courses because he was so angry he had been dumped .
an angry boyfriend allegedly tore up two golf courses with his pickup truck causing tens of thousands of dollars of damage because he was so incensed that his girlfriend dumped him .
austin christopher , 23 , is charged with trespassing and felony criminal mischief for driving the vehicle on to the golf courses and doing several ` doughnut .
' police in the suburban town of orchard park said that christopher used his truck to tear up the ninth green at harvest hill golf course early saturday morning .
officials say a surveillance camera on the property helped them identify christopher 's vehicle .
officials at harvest hill estimate the damage at more than $ 50,000 .
police in nearby east aurora say he also caused damage to the practice area at the bob-o-link golf course .
officers say he was n't drunk or high - he was just upset because his girlfriend dumped him .
` the cops called me at about 3:30 in the morning , ' said harvest hill course superintendent eric tuchols reports wivb .
scroll down for video .
austin christopher is charged with trespassing and felony criminal mischief for driving his pickup truck on to the golf courses and doing several ` doughnuts ' -lrb- pictured : the damage christopher allegedly caused -rrb- .
police in the suburban town of orchard park said that christopher used his vehicle to tear up the ninth green at harvest hill golf course early saturday morning .
` the vehicle came down the hill and did about three or four large donuts in the middle of our 9th green here .
` it kind of hurts .
kind of hurts our morale here , too .
' this was not christopher 's first arrest for trespassing this summer .
officials say a surveillance camera on the property helped them identify christopher 's vehicle .
officials at harvest hill estimate the damage at more than $ 50,000 .
in june , state police arrested him on charges he rode a four-wheeler onto a neighbor 's yard and started harassing them .
christoper is being held in the erie county jail on a $ 25,000 bail .
it could not be determined