by .
tamara abraham .
published : .
17:55 est , 25 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:00 est , 26 march 2013 .
a new victoria 's secret slogan for its pink line has sparked a backlash from parents who believe it is targeting teenagers rather than college age students .
the bright young things campaign was launched to tie in with spring break , however many understood it to be a brand new collection aimed at tweens and teens .
parents took to the victoria 's secret facebook page to complain , accusing the lingerie giant of ` sexualizing our daughters ' and ` making it hard to raise wholesome children ' .
scroll down for video .
too sexy for teens ?
victoria 's secret 's bright young things campaign for its pink collection has sparked anger from parents who understand it to be for middle schoolers .
there is even a petition demanding that the advertising campaign be withdrawn and that the bright young things line not target teenagers at all .
this afternoon , victoria 's secret responded to the complaints with a statement on its facebook page , insisting that it has no plans to launch a line for college-age women .
` in response to questions we recently .
received , victoria 's secret pink is a brand for college-aged women , ' it read .
` despite recent rumors , we have no plans to introduce a collection for .
younger women .
' `` bright young things '' was a slogan used in conjunction .
with the college spring break tradition .
' the level of anger surrounding the rumored line was huge though , with hundreds of parents threatening to boycott the chain .
one commenter wrote : ` you are selling out a generation of young women to make a buck with your .
`` bright young things '' line .
it is irresponsible and disgusting to .
market that level of sexually suggestive items to girls .
as an adult , i .
will no longer be shopping in your store .
' promotional opportunity : the bright young things campaign was launched to tie in with spring break .
another wrote : ` you already do enough to undermine real woman 's and young ladies self esteem - now you want further sexualize our