andy carroll has revealed the shocking state of his knee after major surgery on the injury that will keep him sidelined for the rest of the season .
the 26-year-old west ham striker suffered torn ligaments in his left knee during west ham 's 0-0 draw with southampton last week and had surgery on tuesday .
after previously posting a picture of his swollen and bandaged leg , carroll took to instagram again as he shared images of his wounds .
andy carroll reveals his wounds after having surgery on torn knee ligaments .
the west ham striker shared the images on his instagram account after going under the knife on tuesday .
carroll injured his knee but stayed on the pitch after west ham had made all three of their substitutes .
the 26-year-old england international will miss the rest of the season following surgery on the injured knee .
carroll has posted a picture of his bandaged and swollen knee on his official instagram account .
september 2012 - picks up hamstring injury in his first game on loan - out for a month .
november 2012 - twists knee against manchester united - sidelined for two months .
may 2013 - damages heel in the last game of the season - out for seven months .
july 2014 - tears ankle ligaments in pre-season - sidelined for four months .
february 2015 - tears knee ligaments against southampton - out for the season .
the pictures reveal a large scar down the side of carroll 's knee with two further incisions close to the kneecap and just above it .
carroll at least appeared in good spirits following the surgery , posting the caption : ` that 's knee modelling out the window !! great job by mr andy williams .
' fears over carroll 's injury grew after pictures emerged of the striker leaving st mary 's on crutches following the southampton stalemate .
speaking last week manager sam allardyce had hoped that carroll would only be out for between four and six weeks but a specialist later confirmed the england international required surgery .
west ham striker carroll was pictured leaving st mary 's on crutches after southampton draw .
the injury is a major blow to carroll , who has started just 24 games in the last 18 months because of three different injuries