boston marathon bombing suspect dzhokhar tsarnaev is likely to blame his ` role model ' dead brother at trial to avoid the death penalty .
when tsarnaev 's case begins , his lawyers are likely to pin their hopes - and the bombings themselves - on his older brother , tamerlan : a golden gloves boxer , college student , husband and father who also followed radical islam was named by a friend as a participant in a grisly 2011 triple slaying .
` he was the eldest one and he , in many ways , was the role model for his sisters and his brother , ' said elmirza khozhugov , the former husband of tamerlan 's sister , ailina .
` you could always hear his younger brother and sisters say , ` tamerlan said this , ' and ` tamerlan said that .
' dzhokhar loved him .
scroll down for videos .
boston marathon bombing suspect dzhokhar tsarnaev -lrb- left -rrb- is likely to blame his ` role model ' dead brother tamerlan tsarnaev -lrb- right -rrb- at trial to avoid the death penalty .
` he would do whatever tamerlan would say , ' khozhugov told the associated press in the weeks after the bombings .
three people were killed and more than 260 were injured when two homemade pressure-cooker bombs exploded near the finish line of the iconic race on april 15 , 2013 .
tamerlan tsarnaev , 26 , died days after the bombings following a gun battle with police .
dzhokhar , then 19 , was later found hiding in a boat parked in a backyard .
jury selection in his federal death penalty trial is entering its second month .
dzhokhar 's lawyers have made it clear they will try to show that he was heavily influenced , maybe even intimidated , by his older brother , into participating in the bombings .
if a jury convicts dzhokhar , its decision on whether to give him life in prison or sentence him to death could depend ` on the extent to which it views tamerlan tsarnaev as having induced or coerced his young brother ' to help commit the crimes , the defense argued in a court filing .
about a decade before the attack , their parents , ethnic chechens , had moved the family to the u.s. from the