two more police forces have been caught asking british newsagents which sold copies of satirical magazine charlie hebdo for details of the customers who bought it .
officers from wales and cheshire police have approached shopkeepers and demanded personal information on readers of the magazine , according to reports .
it comes after police in wiltshire caused outrage by demanding similar details be handed over in the wake of the paris attacks .
it appears that the association of chief police officers -lrb- acpo -rrb- was handed a list of charlie hebdo 's uk stockists by john menzies , one of the the magazine 's uk distributors .
acpo then alerted forces who had shops selling charlie hebdo in their area , saying that officers should be aware that the magazine was on sale .
according to an acpo spokesman , the alert suggested that police may wish to visit the shops involved , but only if there were signs of rising tensions .
a wiltshire police officer visited a small newsagents and post office in wiltshire and requested the personal details of all subscribers to the charlie hebdo magazine -lrb- pictured -rrb- , which was the subject of a terrorist attack .
now it has emerged that officers in wales and cheshire have also approached shopkeepers .
the acpo advice did not recommend visiting each shop , and did not mention taking down the details of customers who had bought the publication , according to the spokesman .
it would appear that the three forces concerned either misunderstood the advice , or acted on their own impulse when they decided to ask for information on customers .
john menzies initially denied leaking information to the police , but since acpo issued a statement to the contrary , they have refused to comment .
smiths news , another charlie hebdo distributor , has also refused to comment .
the move has been branded ` entirely unacceptable ' by privacy campaigners .
an acpo spokesman said : ` john menzies , as the distributor for charlie hebdo within the uk , provided the police service , through the national counter-terrorism policing hq , with a list of outlets which were stocking the edition of charlie hebdo released following the paris atrocities .
` this was done so that local officers could be aware of any potential tensions on their beat arising