earlier this week astronomers made the groundbreaking announcement that they had found eight new habitable planets using the kepler space telescope - bringing its total up to 1,000 .
but will we ever have a chance to glimpse these planets in greater detail , either by telescope or perhaps by visiting them in the future ?
according to one of nasa 's top planet hunters , we will find a planet with oceans like earth in the next 15 years - but visiting one would require us to overcome einstein 's law of special relativity .
dr mather from nasa 's goddard space flight center in maryland explained how the upcoming james webb space telescope could find planets with oceans on them -lrb- illustrated -rrb- .
the giant tennis court-sized telescope will be used to scour the universe .
his full interview appears in issue 34 of all about space magazine .
dr john mather is an astrophysicist at the nasa goddard space flight center in maryland , and the senior project scientist on the james webb space telescope -lrb- jwst -rrb- .
the giant telescope will be used to find the first bright objects that formed in the universe , figure out how galaxies evolved and find out how stars formed .
but perhaps most excitingly , it will study earth-like worlds beyond our solar system .
` we hope to find a planet that 's earth-like and measure its atmosphere to work out if it has enough water on it to make an ocean , ' he said in an interview with all about space magazine .
dr mather 's interview appears in the latest edition of all about space magazine , issue 34 -lrb- shown -rrb- , which is on sale now .
` i think that will be in around ten to 15 years from now .
` in that time we might be able to say : `` i can see that star over there .
-lsb- its planet -rsb- has a climate that 's like earth and it might have life on it .
''' while observing distant worlds is all well and good , actually visiting one at some point in the future poses somewhat of a challenge .
and it 's something that dr mather thinks might be too much for us even with the help of artificial intelligence .
to have