five cups of coffee a day may keep the doctor away , according to a new government health report .
a panel of experts from the dietary guidelines advisory committee , which convenes every five years , did a detailed assessment of the caffeinated beverage for the first time .
they concluded that a trusty cup of joe could have various health benefits , including reduced risk of type 2 diabetes , heart disease , parkinson 's and liver cancer .
drink up !
five cups of coffee a day may keep the doctor away , according to a new government health report .
the amount the report recommends drinking is three to five cups a day , while pregnant women should limit their intake to two cups a day .
there was found to be no added benefit from exceeding these limits .
americanos appear to be the way to go , as the panel note that high-calorie creams , milks and sugars could diminish the potential positive health effects .
the report concludes that moderate coffee consumption can be incorporated into a healthy lifestyle .
although , individuals who do not consume java should not start consuming it for health benefits alone .
tom brenna , a member of the dietary guidelines advisory committee and a nutritionist at cornell university , said the findings put a new spin on coffee , which has traditionally been panned by health experts .
` coffee 's good stuff , ' he told bloomberg , adding : ' i do n't want to get into implying coffee cures cancer - nobody thinks that .
` but there is no evidence for increased risk , if anything , the other way around .
' the dietary guidelines advisory committee helps the u.s. government formulate dietary guidelines that affect millions of american diets , from school lunches to food package labels .
the u.s. is the one world 's biggest consumers of coffee .
according to a 2014 survey by national coffee association , 61per cent of americans sip on a cup of the good stuff each day .
despite the focus on coffee , the dietary guidelines a .
dvisory committee 's latest report sticks to the basic message of the previous guidelines in 2010 : eat more fruits and vegetables and whole grains ; eat less saturated fats , salt and sugar