baz luhrmann 's big-screen adaptation of the great gatsby this year brought the glamour of jazz age america gloriously to life .
audiences were dazzled by the bright lights of new york and the palatial mansions of long island .
however , as these pictures demonstrate , much of what was shown was pure cinematic trickery .
they reveal how , with help from modern technology , a few cars and a group of actors were translated into a teeming metropolitan scene , and how an almost empty field became a sumptuous formal garden .
the stills , released by visual effect supervisor chris godfrey , reveal that many of the movie 's most spectacular scenes were , in fact , shot with nothing but a series of blue and green screens in the background .
taxi to nowhere : bustling broadway was actually created with just a few green screens and less than a dozen cars .
talking to himself : gatsby , played by leonardo di caprio , is seen with friend nick carraway , played by tobey maguire , in front of long island sound - but in reality it was little more than a blue screen .
the vanishing mansion : the horseman is real enough , but the sumptuous estate and perfectly manicured gardens are a cgi sleight of hand .
the technique -- known as chroma key -- is used in tv weather reports to create the illusion of the forecaster standing before an animated map , which is then overlaid on the screen .
today , thanks to innovations in computer-generated imagery -lrb- cgi -rrb- , backdrops can be created from scratch with the help of 3d modelling programmes similar to those used by architects designing a building .
impressive as it may be , the method is not without its flaws .
shooting before a screen means that actors must avoid wearing clothes that match it , because everything of that colour will automatically be replaced by background footage .
for all that , chroma key allows directors to take their audiences on dazzling flights of fancy .
indeed , those who have seen the new film version of f. scott fitzgerald 's novel -lrb- there was a 1974 version with robert redford -rrb- would struggle to guess that most of the great gatsby was shot not in new york state ,