arsene wenger has admitted that even he has been surprised by how quickly alexis sanchez has adapted to english football .
the chilean forward took his tally to 10 goals with a double strike to finally break burnley 's resistance and send the gunners on their way to a 3-0 victory at the emirates stadium .
' i was ready to give him time if he needed it , but he has settled in much quicker than expected , ' the arsenal boss said .
video scroll down to watch .
arsene wenger admitted he has been surprised by how quickly alexis sanchez had settled in at arsenal .
` now i play him through the middle and he has shown he can find the ball , he can dribble and he can go at you .
` there are similarities with -lrb- luis -rrb- suarez a little bit by going at you , by being where you do not expect him to be in the box , and by having that huge desire to be at the end of things .
' following an indifferent spell , arsenal have now won three matches in a row , and are unbeaten since losing at chelsea before the international break .
wenger believes the way his team continued to stay positive despite the frustrations of seeing burnley goalkeeper tom heaton pull off a string of saves and the defenders make last-gasp blocks has them moving in the right direction again .
the summer signing 's battling qualities have seen him compared to former liverpool man luis suarez .
` in the recent games at home we were not patient and we have learned .
we look a bit more balanced between offence and defence , ' said manager wenger , whose side are now fourth , above west ham on goal difference , but still nine points off leaders chelsea .
` we were less in trouble when we lost the ball , we were serious and that is very important in the efficiency .
' with the return of england international theo walcott , who made a late cameo after 10 months out with a serious knee injury , wenger will soon have plenty of more attacking options .
france forward olivier giroud is also set to be in contention following the next international break after recovering earlier than expected