a missing schoolgirl was murdered by a 60-year-old man who called police two weeks prior to the killing to see how officers would react to her disappearance , a jury heard today .
robert ewing , 60 , was said to have had an ` inappropriate sexual interest ' in 15-year-old paige chivers and took advantage of her ` chaotic and dysfunctional ' upbringing which had left her ` very troubled and vulnerable ' .
he is accused of murdering the schoolgirl , from blackpool , lancashire , between august 23 and august 27 , 2007 .
scroll down for video .
robert ewing , 60 , is accused of murdering 15-year-old paige chivers -lrb- pictured left as a young schoolgirl and right aged 15 -rrb- after she disappeared from her family home in blackpool , lancashire , in august 2007 .
police investigate a site in thornton cleveleys in lancashire during an earlier search for paige 's body .
paige was 15 when she vanished after a row with her father at their seaside home and , despite appeals from police and a # 12,000 reward offer from tv chat show host jeremy kyle , no trace of her has ever been found .
ewing was arrested in connection with her disappearance in september last year and is currently on trial at preston crown court .
the jury was told today how he allegedly rang police anonymously less than a fortnight before she went missing to tell officers that a ` problem child ' had turned up on his doorstep having been thrown out by her father .
brian cummings qc , prosecuting , told jurors that the crown prosecution service believes he did so to ` test the water ' .
he told the court : ` we allege that he wanted to see what official reaction there would be to the suggestion of a 15-year-old girl turning up on the doorstep of a 52-year-old man and the answer he learned , we suggest , was very little reaction .
' the court also heard how eight months after the schoolgirl 's disappearance , ewing 's friend , gareth dewhurst , 46 , was overheard in conversation saying he had used his car to dump the teenager 's body .
mr cummings said : ` he then went on to say : `` i did n't want to