by .
jill reilly and thomas durante .
published : .
11:11 est , 26 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
11:38 est , 26 november 2012 .
the orlando magic cheerleader who suffered a horrific fall during a recent game is now focused on her recovery - and she 's looking to get back on the court to perform again .
jamie woode suffered three fractured vertebrae and a broken rib when she took a misstep and dropped to the floor during a performance by the magic 's stunt team in a november 13 game against the new york knicks , as tens of thousands of fans watched in horror .
despite the devastating fall , ms woode did not seem to have any trouble walking , and was in high spirits during public appearances since her release from the hospital .
scroll down for video .
speaking out : jamie woode appeared vibrant as she discussed the accident during a press conference on friday .
high spirits : ms woode says that she will have to wear a brace for three months , and said she is looking forward to performing again .
the 31-year-old appeared vibrant as she walked onstage to discuss the accident during a press conference on friday .
doctors have outfitted ms woode with a brace that she is required to wear every day for the next three months .
woode , who said she has been cheerleading for 20 years - has fallen ` hundreds of times before , ' but none were as severe as the accident on november 13 .
in an interview with nbc 's today show this morning , ms woode relived the moment when she crashed to the ground .
accident : jamie woode , 31 , is hoisted onto the shoulders of a male stunt-team member during the first half of an nba basketball game between the orlando magic and the new york knicks .
she said : ' i was conscious for the whole thing .
obviously as a cheerleader falling and accidents like this happen .
it 's happened thousands of times before .
so to me it was just one of those moments .
' i knew how to react to the situation .
i knew to stay calm .
the gentleman who i fell off of was an emt so it