queens park rangers were left so concerned by new signing mauro zarate 's fitness that they contemplated pulling the plug on a loan deal with west ham united .
zarate has played just 14 minutes of the club 's two fixtures since arriving and was an unused substitute in saturday 's 2-0 home defeat by manchester united .
the results of zarate 's fitness tests on arriving at loftus road are said to have stunned club staff to the point where they were having second thoughts about signing him .
video scroll down to see mauro zarate scoring for velez sarsfield .
mauro zarate 's severe lack of fitness almost convinced queens park rangers not to sign him on loan .
the striker has played just 14 minutes in two matches since he completed his loan from west ham united .
redknapp has been told he can only make loan signings this month due to the restrictions the club have imposed on themselves to ensure they meet financial fair play regulations , and deciding to go ahead with zarate 's signing means qpr have already committed a substantial percentage of their wage budget this month .
as a result , the argentine has been placed on an intensive fitness regime - together with adel taarabt , who has his own fitness issues - to get him up to speed quickly .
the fitness plan has seen the forward work closely with coach glenn hoddle and the club 's fitness staff .
the gruelling schedule has also seen the 27-year-old come in on his days off and complete double training sessions at the club 's harlington hq .
adel taarabt was left out of qpr 's starting line-up against manchester united , despite impressing at burnley .
taarabt and zarate have both been placed on a special training regime in order for them to improve fitness .
meanwhile , redknapp has been assured his job is safe following talks with co-owner tony fernandes .
redknapp 's future has been called into question again in recent days , and saturday 's defeat against united has not helped in quelling speculation .
but redknapp said : ` i spoke to him yesterday -lrb- about the speculation -rrb- and he said , `` what a load of rubbish !
'' .
' harry redknapp says he has been reassured by qpr owner tony fernandes