by .
nick purewal , press association .
qpr face growing opposition to their new stadium bid with current landowner cargiant claiming they ` will not enter into any future talks with the club ' .
the former qpr sponsors hold a 30-acre plot on the old oak site where the west london club hope to build a new 40,000-seater stadium .
rangers have support from all the major bodies required to build the new ground as soon as 2018 , but cargiant is seeking to scupper their plans .
queens park rangers face growing opposition to their new stadium bid .
the premier league club want to build a new stadium with a capacity of 40,000 .
cargiant managing director tony mendes is a qpr season-ticket holder , but the company has released a statement denying discussing selling the company 's land with the club .
` we are very surprised by qpr 's pr campaign regarding a proposed new stadium in old oak common and in particular on land owned by cargiant , ' the statement read .
` the company are not in negotiations with qpr and will not enter into any future talks with the club .
` the company will announce in due course details of its own scheme for the regeneration of its land holdings that will incorporate the residential units , jobs and community facilities that the gla detailed in their vision for the regeneration for the area .
` cargiant 's commercial arm of the business views this opportunity as a long-term investment opportunity .
' cargiant bosses rejected the notion of qpr obtaining a compulsory purchase order -lrb- cpo -rrb- , a legal function which allows bodies to claim land without the owner 's consent if considered in the public interest .
qpr could seek council backing to obtain such an order against cargiant , but the company remain unfazed by the prospect .
` in regards to the threat of cpo , there is no legal basis on which to serve a cpo on cargiant .
we are a willing developer , ' the statement continued .
` this is also not a ` tool ' to increase the land value to qpr or anyone else .
if the company wanted to pursue this route , it would be talking to other developers , which we are not .
`