by .
louise boyle .
steven powell 's home in washington was sold to his voyeurism victims ' parents .
they have agreed to have it searched by cadaver dogs after powell 's daughter-in-law susan went missing in 2009 .
cadaver dogs are to search the home of steven powell , the father-in-law of susan cox powell who vanished in 2009 .
the washington home of convicted ` peeping tom ' steven powell was recently sold as part of restitution to the parents of the girls he took naked pictures of while they were in their bathroom next door .
steven powell was released from prison in march after serving two years for taking .
photographs of two girls , aged eight and ten in 2011 .
during powell 's voyeurism trial , the girls ' parents became friends with the parents of missing susan , chuck and judy cox .
the victims ' parents agreed to allow a private search of the home with dogs in the next few weeks as it still has steven powell 's belongings inside .
anne bremner , the neighbors ' lawyer , told mailonline today : ` chuck is never giving up hope .
' she added that the family do not know whether mrs cox powell is alive or dead .
law .
enforcement found the sordid photographs of the little girls ' next door .
at powell 's home in 2012 while looking for evidence of his missing .
daughter-in-law .
it appears that cadaver dogs were not used to search the home at the time because they were not covered by warrants obtained by west valley police and pierce county sheriff 's department to go into powell 's property , ms bremner said .
calls to the pierce county sheriff and west valley police department went unanswered today .
the attorney said on wednesday : ` they did n't have the access we have now , they only had narrowly tailored warrants .
' the home also will be searched for other documents and records that might give clues as to the whereabouts of mrs cox powell .
utah mother-of-two susan powell , 28 , disappeared from her home in west valley city in december 2009 .
she has never been found .
the cox family claims that steven powell has information about his missing daughter-in-law .
it was suspected