charges : fount duston has been charged by ardmore , oklahoma police with the rape and kidnapping of a seven-year-old girl .
a 34-year-old man has been charged with the abduction and rape of a seven-year-old girl after she was dramatically found in his oklahoma trailer on sunday - a little over 24 hours after she was abducted in broad-daylight outside her home .
fount duston , who in a series of disturbing youtube videos describes himself as a dj and trucker , was taken into custody at 9.40 pm after a statewide amber alert led to an anonymous tip .
police in ardmore said there was a brief struggle at duston 's door when he answered with a shotgun , but authorities were able to force their way inside and rescue the little girl .
duton was booked into carter county jail on first-degree rape and kidnapping charges and the girl was taken to an undisclosed medical facility .
her name and her family 's identity are no longer being published following her rescue because she was the victim of a sexual assault .
the girl 's mother is at her daughter 's bedside and has been with her during the interview process with the police .
` at least god brought my baby home .
she 's coming home , ' said the girl 's father to news9 .
` we 've had a lot of people and family out looking for my daughter and thank god they found her and she 's ok .
' scroll down for video .
rescue : fount duston answered the door to his trailer armed with a shotgun - but was overpowered by authorities who rescued the seven-year-old girl from inside .
arrest : duston was taken into custody by ardmore police and is now awaiting arraignment in an oklahoma court .
bizarre : duston has posted unusual content to his facebook profile - including anti-police material and a link to a four-year-old girl 's gofundme page .
witnesses to the abduction said they saw duston drive up outside the seven-year-old 's front-yeard where she was playing , force her into his car and just drove off .
` it just should n't have happened .
it should n't have happened at all , ' said the father to news9 .
` children should not have to go through that .