by .
daily mail reporter .
starbucks is learning that people really like their sliced cake loaves .
the seattle-based coffee company says it will start bringing back its cake slices in response to customer feedback .
the company had been getting rid of the slices that came in banana , iced lemon and pumpkin flavors as part of a staggered rollout of its pricier new baked goods .
in their place , starbucks offered what looked like miniature loaves that cost $ 2.45 , an increase of 20 cents .
not so great : some regulars of the coffee chain complained after many stores got rid of the sliced cake loaves in favor of upscale la boulange pastries , but a spokeswoman for starbucks said the treats will be reintroduced in coming weeks .
bring it back : the seattle-based company had previously rid their stores of the pumpkin , iced lemon and banana loaves for pricier pastries under the la boulange label .
lisa passe , a starbucks spokeswoman , said the company realized that ` people really like the familiar , sliced cake .
' she noted that the cake slices will still be made with new recipes and carry the higher prices .
without providing details , she said the slices will return ` in coming weeks .
' the new baked goods , which are warmed up in the starbucks ovens , have so far been rolled out to roughly half of the company 's 11,500 u.s. locations .
that means about half of stores never got rid of the cake slices .
going stale : starbucks has made significant effort to improve upon its criticized line of less-than-stellar baked goods in the last few years , in part by buying up la boulange , a san francisco-based bakery , in 2012 .
strategy : getting the menu right is critical to starbucksâ ¿ u.s. growth strategy .
in a saturated coffee market , the company is trying to entice more customers to add a pastry or croissant to their latte orders .
starbucks corp. , which has long been criticized for its underwhelming baked goods , has been trying to boost sales by convincing more people to get a bite to eat with their drinks .
in 2012 , the company bought a small bakery chain called la boulange that it said would start