having finished his nightmare at manchester united , brazilian midfielder anderson 's return home to play for internacional has certainly not started smoothly .
manchester united fans might not be surprised but anderson lasted just 36 minutes of a copa libertadores contest against bolivian side the strongest on tuesday evening , huffing and puffing his way to the touchline .
having been substituted , the exhausted 26-year-old sat on the bench in some distress before requesting an oxygen mask from internacional staff , although the match in la paz was played at extremely high altitude .
internacional midfielder anderson clasps onto an oxygen mask during the copa libertadores clash .
the 26-year-old leaves the pitch after only 36 minutes during the 3-1 loss to bolivian side the strongest .
the former manchester united midfielder was clearly struggling at the high altitude .
despite being brazilian , anderson has maybe become too accustomed to the climate in manchester as he struggled to cope in la paz - a place well known for causing altitude sickness as the city stands at 3,500 m above sea level .
anderson left old trafford earlier this month and so far the midfielder has failed to make an impact for his new employers , with internacional eventually losing 3-1 against the strongest on tuesday evening .
he made his debut against cruzeiro last week , only to miss a crucial penalty after coming on as a second-half substitute .
anderson winces as he recovers on the bench having been taken off after just 36 minutes .
anderson called over to internacional staff , requesting an oxygen mask to help him recover .
anderson only featured twice for united under louis van gaal this season , last playing at the end of august .
anderson was seen as surplus to requirements under louis van gaal , making just two appearances for united this season and was a peripheral figure the season before under david moyes , who loaned him out to fiorentina .
he rarely lived up to his potential since moving from porto in a deal worth # 27million in 2007 .
anderson suffered a cruciate injury in 2010 and badly damaged his knee the following year .
as a result he struggled for full match fitness and remained a squad player for united .
when the second injury struck he was still only 22 but