bust enhancers , bust reducers , corsets , and waist control garments - it appears that women have tried every trick in the book , a sometimes very painful book , in their quest for the ` glorious figure of youth .
' a set of rare historical documents reveal the ever changing tactics and technology used by british women to disguise or shift their bumps and curves over the past 80 years .
they tell the story , often in painful detail , of how underclothing was deployed across the decades to help women appear trimmer .
vintage : an old catalogue from 1950 released by jd williams reveals exactly what lengths women went to in their quest for the ` glorious figure of youth ' corsets , girdles , and semi-rigid underwear , which relied upon sturdy straps rather than more comfortable elastic are all described in the archive , just released by jd williams , one britain 's oldest retailers .
the archive goes on to show all of the most popular shapewear garments sold by for the next fourteen decades .
tricks of the trade : as these catalogues reveal , women used bust enhancers , bust reducers , corsets , and waist control garments to trim their figures .
sucked in : women were seemingly big fans of girdles - these firm controls from a 1970s catalogue promised to flatten tummies for a sleeker , slimmer silhouette .
the archive shows how the lingerie industry was in the forefront of using cutting edge , newly discovered , man-made materials , deploying them in designs long before the rest of the market realised their potential .
it shows that subtle but incremental changes show the transformation to today 's shapewear , which is now developed using highly technical , computer designed architecture .
components are now engineered to combat specific stresses and stretches , spreading the load across the entire garment for an ` incredible smooth often seamless result , ' according to jd williams .
modern technology is now geared towards strength and comfort focussing on fabric advances such as powermesh and stretch lace , as well as ranges such as a ` no vpl ' knicker that uses bonded silicone at the leg seam to ensure underwear is not visible through clothing .
new technology : the archive catalogue from 1937 shows how the