acute pain : sarah bignell contracted lyme disease whilst on a walking holiday in the scottish highlands .
when sarah bignell developed pain in her hands and wrists in autumn 2011 , she thought she might be developing arthritis that was being aggravated by the cold .
in fact , sarah , 37 , who is a vet , was displaying the first signs of a disease picked up on her summer holidays - in the uk - and her case was so severe that she ended up in a wheelchair , unable to work .
` the stabbing , burning pain became excruciating quite quickly , spreading to my toes , knees , back , jaw , neck and shoulders and then shooting down my limbs , ' recalls sarah .
` it was intermittent , but the worst pain i 've ever experienced - there were occasions when i thought i 'd black out .
' she also suffered tingling and loss of sensation .
sarah , who describes herself as a ` healthy , outdoorsy type ' , was so debilitated that her gp referred her to a neurologist .
after an mri scan and various tests ruled out conditions such as multiple sclerosis , sarah was finally diagnosed with unexplained neuralgia , or nerve pain , four months after her symptoms first began .
by now she could n't operate at the animal hospital where she practises without plunging her arms into buckets of ice afterwards to ease the pain .
then a colleague mentioned that his sister who 'd had similar symptoms had been diagnosed with lyme disease .
` i 'd been on a walking holiday in the scottish highlands about a month before the symptoms appeared and remembered seeing leaflets about lyme in the cabin i stayed in , ' says sarah , who lives in ashford , kent .
` but i had n't paid much attention - i knew it was passed on by ticks and , as a vet , i remove them from animals all the time .
i felt my training would have alerted me if they carried a real risk for humans .
' but lyme disease is a risk , affecting increasing numbers as milder winters and damper summers provide perfect conditions for ticks to thrive , according to the charity lyme disease action .
official