a police officer has been arrested on suspicion of murdering his wife at their home in northampton - just yards away from his force 's headquarter .
police constable otis goldsmith , 49 , was taken into custody yesterday afternoon on suspicion of murdering his wife jill , also 49 .
she and pc goldsmith were married in may last year and lived together at his # 140,000 semi-detached property , less than a mile from northamptonshire police 's hq at wootton hall .
otis goldsmith , 49 -lrb- pictured left receiving a police long service and good conduct medal -rrb- , who has been arrested on suspicion of murdering his wife jill , 49 -lrb- right -rrb- .
the father-of-three -lrb- left -rrb- , a police constable with northamptonshire police , had only married jill last year .
today , pc goldsmith 's elderly mother sylvia and father michael , both 81 , who live in nearby rushden , northamptonshire , expressed their distress at their son 's arrest .
mrs goldsmith said : ` we do n't know any details about what happened but otis has been arrested .
` he and jill only married last year .
this is a very difficult time for us all .
' pc goldsmith has three sons from a previous marriage , twins aged 17 and another aged 20 .
his wife , a former domestic cleaner , is believed to have had a 22-year-old son from a previous marriage .
the officer 's ex-wife catherine goldsmith , 52 , the mother to his children , also confirmed he had been arrested on suspicion of murder .
when asked if she was aware her ex-husband had been arrested on suspicion of murder , mrs goldsmith , who lives in northampton , said : ` yes .
' police are expected to ask for more time to question pc goldsmith over the alleged murder .
she added : ` i 've been told by the police to tell people who call me to please contact the police .
' detectives are expected to ask for more time to question pc goldsmith , while they await the results of a post mortem examination , which was carried out this afternoon , to confirm the cause of mrs goldsmith 's death .
officers were called to the property in wootton hall park shortly after