a vitriolic letter written by the future king edward viii in which he branded the french canadians ` rotten ' and ` the completest passengers ' during a tour of the country has emerged 96 years later .
the prince of wales - the eldest son of king george v and queen mary - could not hide his resentment towards the french canadians in the private letter he penned on a visit to quebec .
in the letter written a few months after world war one to his mistress freda dudley ward , the 25-year-old edward expresses his disgust at their reluctance to support the british empire .
resentment : the prince of wales , pictured in november 1919 during his tour of canada , criticised the french canadians in a private letter calling them ` shirkers in everything particularly in war ' contempt : the future king edward viii scoffed at the french canadians during his royal tour -lrb- pictured here -rrb- .
stinging : in the letters , edward describes the french canadians as ` mostly a rotten priest-ridden community ' in the recently unearthed letter , he says : '' these bloody french canadians .
` the whole thing is a very delicate , imperial and political question which i do n't attempt to understand though i do know they are mostly a rotten priest-ridden community , who are the completest passengers and who wo n't do their bit in anything and of course the war !! ' after catching a train for toronto he wrote of how he was relieved to be leaving the french canadians .
he added : ` they really are n't worth all the trouble i 've taken to be out of the way polite to them , as they are shirkers in everything particularly in war as they all voted against conscription .
' the first world war divided canada , with the french-speaking population accused of not doing enough to fight against the germans .
later on in the letter to the married socialite , the prince of wales derided the attractiveness of the local women .
he described one of his hostesses as ` pompous and interfering ' .
detailing a formal dinner he had attended , he quipped : ` few of the women are worth dancing with and far less are in any way attractive .
'