security firm g4s has advertised for a cleaning supervisor who can speak polish so they can ` communicate with other members of staff ' .
the private contractors said candidates who speak both english and polish would be preferred for the vacancy at harrogate magistrates ' court .
in the advert , which was posted on its website , g4s wrote : ` candidate who can speak both english and polish is preferred to be able to communicate with the other members of staff .
' scroll down for video .
private contractors g4s have advertised for a cleaning supervisor who can speak polish so they can communicate with other staff members .
the advert , posted on the g4s website , says a candidate who speaks both english and polish ` is preferred ' for the vacancy at harrogate magistrates ' court -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
it says a key requirement is that the ideal candidate will also have a gcse or equivalent in maths and english , as well as previous cleaning experience , good communication and interpersonal skills .
the advert offers # 7.50 per hour - # 1 more than the minimum wage - for the part-time role .
a stated ` preference ' on a job advert is not against employment laws because it can be argued that the preference does not stop those without the quality from applying .
but the advert - which has been branded as ` discriminatory ' by one politician - could raise questions over how common it is for low-skilled workers to be required to speak a foreign language .
the advert for the vacancy in harrogate came to light after a constituent complained to david simister , the ukip parliamentary candidate for harrogate and knaresborough , that he felt the advert was discriminatory against those who only speak english .
mr simister told mailonline : ` this man was an experienced cleaner and thought it would be the perfect job for him .
but he has decided not to apply for it - because he feels he will never get the job .
` what it says to me is that g4s is happy to employ people who can not speak very good english , meaning they then have to employ a supervisor who speaks polish .
` it is discriminating against those who only speak english .