scientists have uncovered what they believe to be the oldest complete fossil anywhere on earth .
the 3.5 billion year old fossil is the remains of what was once a purple and green slimy collection of single-cell microbes .
these microbes are likely to be a distant ancestor of humans and would have had a strong stench of rotting eggs , according to researchers .
the 3.5 billion year old fossil is the remains of what was once a purple and green slimy collection of single-cell microbes .
shown here is a rock surface displaying cracks in the 3.48 billion years old dresser formation , pilbara region , western australia .
the pilbara region of western australia is one of the rare geological regions that provides insight into the early evolution of life on earth .
mound-like deposits created by ancient bacteria , called stromatolites , and microfossils of bacteria have previously been discovered in this region .
however , a phenomenon called microbially induced sedimentary structures , or miss , had not previously been seen in rocks of this great age .
miss not only demonstrate the presence of life , but also the presence of microbial ecosystems that could co-ordinate with one another .
nora noffke of old dominion university in the u.s. found the remnants of this life in sandstone rock in western australia .
the tiny fossilised mat , about one-third of an inch -lrb- 8.3 millimetres -rrb- thick , would be about 300 million years older than previous complete ancient fossils , said study co-author robert hazen , a mineralogist at the carnegie institution of science in washington .
he said life on the mat probably had turned sunlight into energy , but produced ` horribly smelly ' sulphur in the process , instead of oxygen .
he added that if you had walked the .
australian beaches of 3.5 billion years ago , you would see a ` slimy mass .
of purple or brown fibres emitting this stench of sulphur compounds but .
living very happily .
' ` this is not a place you would want to go to on your summer vacation , ' he said .
the .
pilbara district of western australia , where the fossil was found , is .
famous for giving scientists insight into the early evolution of life .
a phenomenon called microbially induced sedimentary