if chelsea blowing key premier league rivals out of the summer transfer water was n't patently obvious already , it is now .
the leaders -- and their # 32million striker -- look unstoppable .
diego costa 's hat-trick against swansea on saturday was alluring in its simplicity and illustrated just what jose mourinho , by his own admission , had been missing : a fine , unadulterated finisher .
the manager is insistent that refusing to dive headfirst into an overpriced market last summer has proved correct , instead biding his time for the right man .
diego costa has been hugely impressive for chelsea since joining from atletico madrid in the summer .
diego costa will be looking to fill his boots against a schalke side who lost 4-1 to borussia monchengladbach on saturday .
last season 's third-placed team have yet to record a win this campaign and sit second from bottom in the bundesliga table with a goal difference of minus four .
as speculation increases about jens keller 's tenure at the club , the manager said : ` we 've just got to remain calm .
we must n't do anything rash .
' he 's got him all right .
that 's seven in his opening four games .
the former atletico madrid bruiser , who joked that he is yet to win a header in england , is making a mockery of similar money lavished elsewhere .
for all the talk about his prowess in front of goal , there is a message mourinho wants to get across .
chelsea have bought more than just a poacher capable of nudging home a cesc fabregas assist from six yards .
they managed to squeeze # 28m out of everton for romelu lukaku while doing homework on costa properly , bringing in someone who has instantly become a leader at stamford bridge .
perhaps not an individual to overtly coerce performances from others , but whose battling spirit makes them follow .
jose mourinho waited to sign diego costa instead of entering and inflated transfer market last summer .
diego costa is a superb centre-forward who plays like an old-fashioned english target man .
he is no lightweight soft foreigner and was incorrectly cautioned in his first game for diving at burnley .
there was evidence of the more robust nature of his play