an experimental drug could help millions of women across the world combat cellulite .
an experimental drug could help combat the dreaded cellulite that plagues millions of women across the world , new research has revealed .
a trial carried out in the u.s. by auxilium pharmaceuticals has shown a ` significant improvement ' in the appearance of ` orange peel ' skin on the thighs and buttocks of the women taking part .
cellulite is a term to describe lumpy , dimpled flesh on the thighs , buttocks and abdomen , and is most common in adolescent and adult women .
the new study could provide a ray of hope for those women left feeling self-conscious by the condition , which is not serious but can be unsightly .
there are currently no treatments for cellulite in the u.s. that are approved by the food and drug administration -lrb- fda -rrb- .
the study involved 150 women between the ages of 18 and 45 .
each participant received up to three treatment sessions of the drug xiaflex -lrb- cch -rrb- or a placebo .
the treatment sessions were around 21 days apart and up to 12 injections were administered into the dimpled skin on the buttock or thigh .
the findings revealed 68 per cent of those women receiving the high to mid dosage of the drug reported being ` satisfied ' or ` very satisfied ' with their cellulite treatment .
that compared to just 34 per cent of the patients given the placebo .
cellulite is a localised metabolic disorder of tissue under the skin .
it affects between 85 to 98 per cent women , of all ethnicities .
the condition can involve the loss of elasticity or shrinking of collagen cords , called ` septae ' , that attach the skin to the muscle layers below .
when fat in cellulite prone areas swells and expands , the septae tether the skin , which causes surface dimpling characteristic of cellulite .
xiaflex works by targeting and breaking those collagen tethers with the goal of reducing the skin dimpling and potentially resulting in the smoothing of the skin .
adrian adams , chief executive and president of auxilium pharmaceuticals , said : ` we continue to be encouraged by the promising and positive results of our program .
` we believe these data establish proof of