brendan rodgers sent a reserve team into the lion 's den as he made seven changes to the liverpool starting line-up for the champions league match at the bernabeu .
there was no steven gerrard , no raheem sterling and no jordan henderson in the starting xi against real madrid on tuesday .
in their place were lucas leiva , emre can and fabio borini - hardly renowned as stalwarts of liverpool 's first-choice team so far this season .
in some quarters , rodgers ' men have been described as ` brave ' , as ` plucky ' , as having ` given a good account of themselves ' .
hard work and team ethic is a commendable attribute , but this is the champions league - europe 's elite competition .
karim benzema -lrb- left -rrb- loses his marker and sticks the ball in the back of the net from around a yard out .
brendan rodgers made seven changes to the team that started on the weekend against newcastle .
benzema runs to the delighted home supporters after scoring the first goal of the night in the bernabeu .
steven gerrard -lrb- left -rrb- started the game on the bench and came on as a substitute for lucas leiva .
137 - the seven players on the liverpool bench had made 137 champions league appearances between them prior to kick-off last night .
that 's seven more than the number made by the players in their starting xi .
130 - the number of champions league appearances made by liverpool 's starting xi .
642 - the number of champions league appearances made by real madrid 's starting xi .
# 59 - the cost of an away ticket at bernabeu on wednesday .
not to mention the added cost of flights and hotels .
27 - shots at goal by madrid last night .
that 's 13 more than they managed in their 3-0 win at anfield .
2 - minutes played by steven gerrard at the bernabeu prior to wednesday .
he was a sub in a 1-0 win in 2009 .
he has now played a total of 23 minutes at the stadium .
3,669 - tickets at the bernabeu allocated to liverpool fans .
rodgers ' team selection will have disappointed many who made the 1,796-mile round-trip .
unfortunately for liverpool the statistics