by .
lucy crossley .
published : .
04:32 est , 3 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:30 est , 3 december 2013 .
sentenced : paul alton was jailed for 30 months after police found a ` bizarre ' homemade weapon capable of firing rounds of exploding ammunition at his remote farm .
a farmer who made a ` bizarre ' gun capable of firing 74 rounds of expanding bullets has been jailed for 30 months after his frightened wife reported him to police .
the weapon was crudely constructed from lumps of wood , belts and tags , attached to a barrel from an air rifle and could shoot ammunition that would mushroom on hitting flesh .
paul alton , 51 , claimed he kept the gun for the ` humane killing ' of the cattle on his remote farm in bacup , lancashire .
but the father-of-two was jailed for breaching uk gun laws after police found the pistol in his loft and a shotgun under his bed despite having lost his gun licence .
police had been called to his home after a fierce row in which 51-year-old alton .
wielded a lump hammer at his wife kim - prompting her to tell officers .
about the hidden weapons .
the pistol , found in the loft , was described as a contraption worthy of british illustrator heath .
robinson who was renowned for his drawings of eccentric machines .
but .
tests revealed the wooden weapon , which was attached to the barrel from .
an air rifle , was capable of firing .22 ammunition and 74 rounds of .
expanding ammunition that would mushroom on hitting flesh .
police investigations revealed that alton had formerly owned a shotgun licence , but it had been taken away in 2000 and a reapplication to be legally allowed to use a weapon was unsuccessful .
he had been given the pistol by his uncle who used it to kill animals .
during the course of his career as a butcher .
alton claimed he had .
the gun for the ` humane dispatch ' of animals , although he had never used .
it for that purpose , and said he had only kept it because of his ` magpie .
instinct ' .
he had test fired it twice .
at burnley crown