the northern lights , the london skyline and mont blanc have been named the top three sights in the world to see from a plane .
sydney harbour and the golden gate bridge make up the top five best views to experience from the cockpit , according to a survey of pilots .
british airways asked captains with experience of flying 180 different routes for their favourite approaches .
scroll down for video .
top sight : the northern lights was named the best view in the world by pilots .
on a high : london 's approached into heathrow , pictured in 2011 , scooped second place .
1 northern lights - on north american flights2 central london - approach into heathrow3 mont blanc - approach to pisa4 sydney harbour - departure from sydney5 golden gate bridge , alcatraz and bay - approach into san francisco6 greenland - north atlantic flights7 venetian canals - approach into venice 8 table mountain - approach into cape town9 dubrovnik - approach into dubrovnik10 mount fuji - approach or departure from tokyo -lrb- narita -rrb- .
the northern lights , the night-time phenomenon of spectacular coloured lights in the sky during the winter months in the northern hemisphere , scooped the top slot .
while thousands of holidaymakers regularly travel to places like norway and iceland to experience them , pilots regularly encounter them on late night north american routes .
ba captain dave willsher said : ` if you 're not already asleep this is an amazing sight three to four hours into most long north american flights .
` well worth staying up for .
' second in the list is the view of london as planes approach heathrow - named above a host of more exotic locations .
seat with a view !
mont blanc was named the third best sight to see from a plane window .
views down under : pilots voted the view of sydney harbour in australia as the fourth best sight .
mont blanc , seen on the approach to pisa airport in italy was third , followed by the view of sydney harbour when leaving the australian city by air .
others to be singled out in the top ten include golden gate bridge when approaching san francisco , and greenland as seen on most north atlantic crossings .
the canals of venice ,