an 11-year-old girl blighted by a life-threatening illness has lived out her dream of being ` princess for a day ' thanks to the kindness of locals in missouri .
molly mckinley who has a severe form of ataxia , a rare neurological disorder which causes speech and motor problems , originally asked the make-a-wish foundation for a trip to disney world .
but with her condition making that impossible , the charity sought to give her a disney-like party in hannibal , a city of 17,000 residents about 100 miles north of st. louis , and the community pitched in .
all smiles : molly mckinley , who has a severe form of ataxia , a neurological disorder which causes speech and motor problems , lived out her dream of being ` princess for a day ' this week .
the party and fireworks show were kept a secret according to the the hannibal courier-post , so molly was surprised when she arrived wednesday evening at the mark twain brewing co. on the town 's historic main street .
` what are these people doing here ?
' molly asked her mother , before members of the fire department escorted her to the second floor for a prime view of the fireworks over the mississippi river .
guest of honor : the party and fireworks show were kept a secret so molly was surprised when she arrived wednesday evening .
finsihing touch : mayor roy hark proclaimed her ` princess molly of the kingdom of hannibal ' and gave her a key to the city , the famed hometown of author mark twain .
mayor roy hark proclaimed her ` princess molly of the kingdom of hannibal ' and gave her a key to the city , the famed hometown of author mark twain .
` we all love you , ' hark said .
ataxia affects the central nervous system , causing problems with balance and coordination .
it often affects movement in the fingers , hands , arms and legs .
it can also cause sight and speech problems .
secondary complications , such as recurrent urinary tract infections and obstructive sleep apnea , can be life-threatening .
ataxia can be caused by damage to a part of the brain known as the cerebellum , the spinal cord or peripheral nerves .
some forms of the disease