hunters in eurasia developed an innovative way of crafting stone tools 325,000 years ago -- at the same time as it was being developed in africa .
the find suggests eurasians were more innovative than previously thought and contradicts the widely-held belief that innovation spread as a result of humanity 's migration out of africa .
the discovery centres on a stone tool production method known as levallois technology , which involves breaking different sizes of flakes off a larger lump of stone .
pictured are tone tools found at the site of nor geghi , armenia .
the top stones were created using biface technology , which is more primitive than levallois technology -lrb- bottom -rrb- .
the find suggests ancient eurasians were more innovative than previously thought .
the resulting flakes were then used as knives or other tools , which would have been relatively easy to carry by the fast-moving hunter-gatherers of the time .
stone tools using this method were found in sediments at a site in armenia between two ancient layers of lava dated to a period between 325,000 and 350,000 years ago .
more primitive stone tools were also found at the same site .
they were created using ` bifacial technology ' where tools were created through the removal of flakes from a rock .
the flakes were discarded as waste and the mass of stone used as the final tool .
archaeologists claim the levallois technology was more economical because fewer raw materials were thrown away in the process .
` the combination of these different technologies in one place suggests that , about 325,000 years ago , people at the site were innovative , ' said dr daniel adler -lrb- pictured -rrb- , from connecticut university who led the study .
they previously believed that levallois technology was invented in africa and spread to eurasia with expanding human populations .
but the fact that the two technology were found the nor geghi site in armenia provides the first clear evidence that local populations developed levallois technology on their own .
levallois technology is a name given by archaeologists to a method of creating stone tools developed during the palaeolithic period .
the technique involves breaking different , pre-determined sizes of flakes off a lump of stone .
the resulting flakes are then used as knives or other tools , which would