two vets 150 miles apart told of shocking animal abuse cases today which saw one kitten hurled from a car window and two more abandoned in a bush .
ten-week-old hammond had to have his face stitched together and smashed teeth removed after being thrown from a vehicle near market rasen , lincolnshire .
and in south shields , south tyneside , raymond and wonder may never see again after being abandoned and developing a severe eye infection .
scroll down for video .
shocking : ten-week-old kitten hammond was thrown from a moving car last week in one of two horrific cases .
horror : in a separate case also revealed by vets today , siblings raymond and wonder could lose their sight .
the haunting cases , both revealed today , prompted fresh warnings to animal owners never to abandon their pets - and even to burden charities and kennels with them instead .
the two cases were also revealed today alongside that of matt the cat , a moggy so neglected he had to be completely shaved and have his rotting teeth removed in kilburn high road , north london .
in the first case , vets have revealed photos of ten-week-old kitten hammond after he had to have his face stitched together .
the black cat suffered deep cuts to his nose and shattered teeth after being thrown from the window of a moving car on the a46 last week near market rasen , lincolnshire .
he underwent painstaking surgery to remove all his broken teeth , including two canines that had been pushed into his jaw .
it is thought the people in the car he was thrown from had hoped the vehicle behind would run him over .
injured : it is believed hammond 's owners intended the car behind them to run him over .
instead , the driver swerved in time , picked the cat off the road and rushed with it covered in blood to the nearest vet 's surgery .
vet laura morrell said : ` his nose was hardly recognisable and many of his teeth had been shattered on impact ' instead the driver collected hammond from the roadside before taking him to the rescue centre , covered in blood .
laura morrell , assistant manager at the ark animal rescue centre in north somercotes , lincolnshire , said