these shocking photographs lay bare the extent of obesity in britain , with school uniforms being sold in super sizes to fit overweight children .
items on sale at stores in burnley and clitheroe , lancashire , include trousers with a 48in waist , classed as 5xl , and blazers with a 56in chest - which is 16 sizes bigger than the average adult fit .
it comes a month after doctors warned childhood obesity in the uk had reached ` alarming ' levels with up to a third being dangerously fat , and that british girls under 20 were the fattest in europe .
obesity britain : shahid aslam , 29 , and janet aslam , 55 , of family business moonline in burnley , lancashire , show examples of oversized school uniforms that they sell .
these trousers are xxxxl and the blazer is 52in .
shahid aslam , 29 , whose family runs the moonline children 's clothes shop in burnley , said : ` we 've introduced sturdy fit trousers that go up to a 48in waist - and believe me , we do sell them .
` we have also sold large adult sweaters to children , when they 're not even in the last year of primary school , and we now do blazers up to 50 inches when it used to be 42 .
' before the start of the 2014/15 school year , uniform supplier trutex , of clitheroe , started providing made-to-order blazers for chest sizes up to 56in , the lancashire telegraph reported in september .
a spokesman said : ` we work closely with our retailers , and over the last few years they 've been advising us that parents are now often asking for bigger sizes of the garments we manufacture .
' in addition , caroline fotios , of uniform charity mum 's the word , said they have also had requests for surprisingly large sizes .
she said : ` there was one recently where we had to find a large adult sweatshirt for a 10-year-old pupil .
the child came in with his parent and i thought he was going to be much older than she said .
' huge : items on sale at stores in lancashire include trousers with a 48in waist , classed as 5xl , and blazers with a 56in chest