the 28-year-old is modelling high street store 's collection of occasionwear .
model 's grandmother is the late swedish film star ingrid bergman .
it 's no wonder elettra wiedemann has supermodel looks .
her mother is the model and actress isabella rossellini , her grandmother the beautiful swedish film star ingrid bergman .
and now , elettra has lent her excellent genes to high street store coast , who have just signed the model as the face of their new spring/summer collection .
the model showcases the store 's new collection of occasionwear , which will be sold in the brand 's new flagship store , set to open on london 's oxford street on 28 june .
elettra rossellini weidemann wearing antoinetta top , # 70 , and azelia skirt , # 110 , both coast .
dress , # 195 , sizes 6-18 ; hair clip , # 20 for two ; clutch , # 100 -lrb- available from flagship store only from june -rrb- , and sandals , # 75 , sizes 4-8 , all coast .
coast said they had selected the model thanks not only to her natural radiance , but also for her ` impeccable ' pedigree .
` her natural , timeless beauty and radiance aligns perfectly with the contemporary glamour of coast , ' they said .
` we chose elettra for her flawless style and impeccable fashion lineage .
' indeed , elettra has seen her career go from strength to strength since landing her first modelling job at the age of 18 , for youth clothing brand abercrombie & fitch .
she has since appeared in ads for bill blass , ferragamo and samsonite , and walked the runway at global fashion week shows .
dress , # 275 , sizes 6-16 ; hair clips , # 18 each ; bracelets , # 40 each -lrb- available from flagship store only from june -rrb- , and sandals , # 75 , sizes 4-8 , all coast .
and since 2006 she has been a spokesmodel for lancome , appearing in a number of their advertising campaigns .
like many of her contemporaries , elettra has graced the pages of vogue and harper 's bazaar - but she has talents that lie far beyond her ability to look good in a frock .
thanks to her italian heritage , elettra