by .
victoria woollaston .
published : .
06:53 est , 30 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:07 est , 30 october 2013 .
video games and computers from the 1970s to 1990s including atari 's pong , pictured , will be on display at the barbican museum in london from july .
if you remember the likes of tetris , the early games console zx spectrum and were among the first to use the web , prepare to feel very old .
an upcoming exhibition being held at the barbican in london is relegating these retro childhood favourites to the world of ` digital archaeology .
' video games and computers from the 1970s to 1990s including space invaders , pong , the gameboy , mac paint and the linn lm-1 drum machine will be on display at the museum from july .
the digital revolution exhibition has been designed as a ` celebration of digital creativity .
' all the models are in working condition and will be available to play as part of the exhibition , which tracks their respective places in technological history .
other examples include manic miner on the zx spectrum and the first website to be created by pioneer tim berners-lee in 1991 .
in may , researchers restored this early website that berners-lee created during his time a the european organization for nuclear research , known as cern .
it outlined the basics of what would become the web we know today .
the digital archaeology display is the part of a wider exhibition looking at the impact of digital technology over the past 40 years .
tetris was first released in june 1984 for consoles and arcades and became popular in 1989 when it was made available on the handheld nintendo game boy .
scroll down for video .
the digital archaeology display is the part of a wider exhibition looking at the impact of digital technology over the past 40 years .
this includes tetris , pictured , first released in june 1984 for consoles and arcades .
it became popular in 1989 when it was made available on the handheld nintendo game boy .
the aim of the game is to stack the different shaped tetriminos together to complete rows , these completed rows then disappear .
once the rows reach the top of the screen