by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
14:10 est , 26 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
20:09 est , 27 january 2014 .
leah vincent was born into the yeshivish community , a fundamentalist sect of ultra-orthodox judaism .
the fifth of 11 children born to a prominent orthodox rabbi in pittsburgh .
leah and her ten siblings were raised to worship two things : god and the men who ruled their world .
at the age of 15 , leah was preparing for marriage .
but the tradition-bound future leah envisioned for herself was cut short when , at 16 , she was caught exchanging letters with a male friend questioning her ultraorthodox jewish faith .
scroll down for video .
estranged : leah vincent was born into the yeshivish community , a fundamentalist sect of ultra-orthodox judaism but she was shunned by her parents at the age of 17 .
she had violated the religious law that forbids contact between members of the opposite sex .
` i was now marked as a girl who had spoken with boys .
i was no longer a good girl , ' she says .
` i wanted to be good .
i was just too curious .
my evil desires had momentarily led me astray , ' she told the new york post .
` your behavior has become unacceptable , ' said her mother .
` we give you chance after chance , and you keep on messing up and hurting people .
disappointing people .
' ` you are not getting any more allowance .
you 'll have to figure out how to get by on your own , ' she continued .
` you think you 're so grown-up ?
let 's see how grown-up you are .
' the final straw was when she purchased a sweater that her parents deemed immodest ; she expressed an ambition to one day attend college and doubted the strict codes of conduct prescribed by her religion .
leah 's parents were unforgiving .
afraid , in part , that her behavior would affect the marriage prospects of their other children , they put her on a plane to new york city before her 18th birthday and cut off ties .
video filmed by haimy assefa for footsteps.org .
shunned : at the age of