by .
mark prigg .
it is one of the first pictures showing apple 's expected new iphone family in one place .
these images reveal two new model , one with a 4.7 inch screen and one with a 5.5 inch screen .
the devices are expected to be revealed in september - and go on sale soon after .
scroll down for video .
an image last week , also leaked by sonny dickson , revealed the two new iphone 6 models side-by-side .
the leak is particularly trustworthy as it comes from sonny dickson , the same australian blogger who leaked last year 's iphone 5s .
the photos are believed to be mockups of the handset used so case manufacturers can prepare new products that fit the handset correctly .
they appear to confirm the handset will have a larger 4.7 inch screen , and that apple has moved the power button to allow the handset to be operated easily with one hand .
production of the handsets is believed to already be underway in china .
the new images also reveal apple will continue to offer a gold version of the handset .
last week pictures of apple 's smaller iphone 6 were revealed , showing the handset side by side with the current iphone .
the leak came from former taiwanese pop star jimmy lin who also leaked the iphone 5 and the ipad mini ahead of their releases .
leaked shots of what appears to be the iphone 6 is shown next to the current 5s .
it has a 4.7-inch -lrb- 11.9 centimetres -rrb- screen , according to reports , and is likely to be announced in september .
the iphone 6 -lrb- left -rrb- has the same fingerprint sensor as the 5s -lrb- right -rrb- , but is noticeably larger .
according to lin , the iphone 6 comes with a 4.7-inch display , more rounded than the previous models .
he described the device as being ` very grippy ' in the hand .
the device also has a headphone socket - despite recent rumours apple could abandon a dedicated socket and instead use the lightning connector currently used for charging .
the leaks are the latest to hit apple , all showing an identical , slimline design .
however , apple has not commented on the pictures .
former