the longest-serving wrongfully convicted inmate in california has been set free after dna testing proved his innocence .
michael hanline , 68 , was found guilty of shooting dead motorcyclist j.t. mcgarry in 1978 and jailed for life without the possibility of parole .
however , on monday , following a 36-year battle to clear his name , hanline stepped out of ventura county jail into the sunlight to be greeted by his wife , sandee .
free man : inmate michael hanline , 68 , walks outside with his wife sandee after being released from ventura county jail - he is the longest-serving wrongfully convicted inmate in california .
the last time he was a free man , jimmy carter was president and cell phone networks did not exist .
when asked how he was feeling , hanline told the la times : ' a rush of emotions ; it 's been a long time .
' holding his wife 's hand and blinking in the daylight , he said he was ` ecstatic ' to be going home with her and called her his ` rock ' .
mrs hanline sat waiting for her husband with his favorite pair of cowboy boots , which she had kept clean for the past three decades .
long time coming : mrs hanline greeted her husband with his favorite pair of cowboy boots , which she had kept clean for the past three decades .
reunited : holding his wife 's hand and blinking in the sunlight , hanline said he was ` ecstatic ' to be going home with her and called her his ` rock ' 40 years ago : this 1974 photo shows michael hanline with his then girlfriend and now wife , sandee .
but he was unable to wear them due to a gps tracking device around his ankle , which he must wear until a possible retrial .
he has also been ordered to not contact prosecutors , detectives or the family of the victim .
hanline was convicted of first-degree murder in 1980 for the killing of mcgarry - also known as mike mathers .
mcgarry , who had ties to a motorcycle gang , disappeared from his home in november 10 , 1978 , and a few days later , his bullet-riddled body was found near a road some 30 miles away .