by .
sean poulter , consumer affairs editor .
published : .
13:06 est , 15 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
01:41 est , 16 may 2013 .
hi-tech : the # 199.99 tea maker from heston blumenthal claims to create the perfect brew .
for most of us it is a relatively simple process : boil the kettle , put a teabag in a mug , pour on the water , add milk and sugar to taste .
but that straightforward approach to making a cuppa is not good enough for chef heston blumenthal , famed for his risk-taking gastronomy .
he has developed a tea maker that brings his hi-tech culinary approach into the home , casting aside the teapot and teabag .
his # 199.99 stainless steel sage tea maker claims to deliver the perfect brew from what is effectively a combined kettle and teapot .
it can even be used instead of a teasmade as it has a delay setting , allowing users to wake up to a perfect cup of tea .
the device , one of a range of appliances he has created , has five temperature and time settings based on whether you are using normal black tea leaves or green , white , herbal or oolong varieties .
` the right time and temperature are critical for a great cuppa , ' said blumenthal .
` different teas need to be brewed at different temperatures , and we all have a favourite strength .
` you fill the stainless steel basket with leaves , tell it the type of tea , select the strength and it will heat the water , slowly lower the basket , then raise the basket from the water when it 's done .
' the tea maker keeps the beverage warm for up to 60 minutes and can also be used as a conventional kettle or to brew coffee .
it is part of the new sage by heston blumenthal range that includes an ice cream maker and a juicer .
most expensive in the range is a # 549.99 barista express coffee machine to make espressos and cappuccinos .
a four-slice motorised toaster , costing # 169.99 , toasts bread depending on its ingredients and thickness .
it has defrost and crumpet settings .
luxury : the new heston blumenthal range also includes