by .
emma innes .
published : .
06:12 est , 15 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
06:46 est , 15 january 2014 .
one in five obese adults would rather be fat than have to watch what they eat , new research has revealed .
some 17 per cent also say they have never attempted to lose weight and 48 per cent are resigned to remaining obese because they lack the willpower to diet .
nuffield health surveyed 550 obese people and asked them about their attitudes towards exercise and weight loss .
a quarter said they do not have time to exercise and 40 per cent claimed to find exercise boring .
a new survey has revealed that one in five obese british adults would rather remain overweight than have to watch what they eat - some 17 per cent also say they have never attempted to lose weight .
shockingly , one in seven said they would rather risk their healthy by being overweight than have to do exercise .
the news comes just the day after lord tebbit said that fat people have only themselves to blame for their obesity if they insist on ` stuffing themselves silly ' .
the former tory chairman said people 's ` stupid actions ' in eating ` rubbish ' foods all day was behind the rise in obesity .
he was cheered in the house of lords when he told peers that rather than setting up government initiatives to persuade people to eat more healthily , ministers should simply tell them that weight is a matter of individual responsibility .
former employment secretary lord tebbit said : ` people ought to know that if they stuff themselves silly with high-calorie rubbish foods , they will get fat .
` it 's their responsibility and all the forums and other nonsenses are merely trying to divorce people from the consequences of their own stupid actions .
' the researchers also polled 3,100 adults in britain who were of varying weights .
they discovered that 39 per cent of people claim not to eat healthily because it is too expensive to do so .
a quarter of obese people say they do not have time to exercise and 40 per cent claim to find exercise boring .
they also learned that 14 per cent of people think they