former deputy speaker of the house of commons nigel evans has appeared in court this morning accused of a string of sex offences .
evans , 55 , who was charged with two counts of indecent assault , five of sexual assault and one of rape earlier this month , spoke only to confirm his name , address and that he understands the charges during a ten minute hearing at preston magistrates ' court .
granted bail until a preliminary hearing at preston crown court next month , evans told reporters as he left the hearing : ` i 'm going back to westminster to work now , thank you .
' scroll down for video .
court hearing : nigel evans pictured arriving at preston magistrates court today to face his first hearing after being charged with a string of sex offences .
his bail was granted on condition he does not approach directly or indirectly named witnesses .
on september 10 , evans was charged with the rape of a man between march 29 and april 1 , 2013 , five sexual assaults dating back to 2009 and two indecent assaults dating back to 2002 .
the former conservative stood down as deputy speaker in a speech in the house of commons the day after the charges were brought .
he said he will continue to represent his ribble valley constituency in lancashire but as an independent mp .
the decision to charge the openly-gay politician -- a popular figure in westminster -- came after he was arrested for a third time .
evans had originally said that he would .
not comment further on the allegations until the case was concluded when .
he appeared on the steps of preston police station after he was .
charged .
charges : mp nigel evans posed for photographers outside the court before telling reporters that he is ` returning to work ' but in an emotional address to the commons the following day , he told how his impending court battle was the ` most painful ' experience of his life alongside the death of his mother and brother .
he said : ` since these allegations , i have not been able to fully fulfil my duties in the chair , which left me in a land of limbo .
` none of us were elected to the