on a night when the home nations exceeded expectations , northern ireland 's 2-0 win in greece stood out as the most impressive result of the lot .
it sees them top group f with nine points from nine having emerged successful from trips to two of the toughest destinations , including hungary .
a visit to romania , two points behind in second , comes next month , but given their performances so far that should not mean any trepidation .
it is little more than a year since luxembourg embarrassed michael o'neill 's side to burst the bubble created by victory over russia and a draw with portugal .
coach michael o'neill celebrates northern ireland 's second goal against greece with his players .
derby 's jamie ward gave northern ireland the lead against greece .
romania -lrb- away -rrb- november 14 .
finland -lrb- home -rrb- march 29 .
romania -lrb- home -rrb- june 13 .
but the air is back among this camp made up of the game 's lesser lights .
jonny evans , it should be noted , has not featured because of injury .
here sportsmail details the country causing the biggest surprise in qualifying for euro 2016 and the man behind it all .
roy carroll -- a familiar name between the sticks , the 37-year-old is enjoying a renaissance for club and country .
the former manchester united goalkeeper left olympiacos in the summer to join notts county in league one and had kept five clean sheets as they sit a point outside the play-offs .
conor mclaughlin -- everyone at fleetwood town knows who he is ; a key reason the club gained promotion from league two last season .
full back , 23 , made his national debut in october 2011 but was only winning his sixth cap against greece .
started out at preston .
gareth mcauley -- one of the dressing room leaders at west bromwich albion , but has lost his place to craig dawson this term .
a late bloomer , he was at lincoln city until 2006 , before eventually getting his premier league chance at the hawthorns three years ago .
aaron hughes -- veteran of newcastle , aston villa , fulham , queens park rangers , and now brighton , the 34-year-old centre back is a dependable figure in the northern irish