the white house has insisted that the creation of its ` cuban twitter ' programme was not a covert operation .
the obama administration defended the communications network called zunzuneo , which drew 40,000 users in cuba in two years , saying the programme was ` invested and debated ' in congress .
but two senior democrats on congressional and judiciary committees said they knew nothing about the effort , with one of them describing it as ` dumb , dumb , dumb .
' scroll down for video .
more than 40,000 cubans were using zunzuneo but the white house say it was not a covert operation .
it was reported that the social network , partly funded by the us agency for international aid -lrb- usaid -rrb- , aimed to build a cuban audience of mostly young people and sought to evade cuba 's stranglehold on the internet with a primitive social media platform .
but the users were neither aware it was created by an us agency with ties to the state department , nor that american contractors were gathering personal data about them for political purposes .
chairman of the senate appropriations state department and foreign operations subcommittee , senator partick leahy said he had no knowledge of the social media network .
and he called the project ` dumb , dumb , dumb ' during an appearance on msnbc yesterday .
senator patrick leahy , left , said the project was ` dumb , dumb , dumb ' .
zunzuneo ended abruptly in cuba in 2012 .
he added : ' i know they said we were .
we were notified in the most oblique way that nobody could understand it .
` i 'm going to ask two basic questions : why were n't we specifically told about this if you 're asking us for money ?
and secondly , whose bright idea was this anyway ?
' congressman dutch ruppersberger of maryland , the top democrat on the house intelligence committee , said he too was unaware of zunzuneo .
it is unclear whether the zunzuneo scheme was legal under u.s. law , which requires written authorization of covert action by the president as well as congressional notification .
zunzuneo was partly funded by the us agency for international aid and was said to be aimed at young cubans .
white house spokesman