she 's known for her olive-hued skin and lustrous hair , and now michelle keegan has been named as the face - and body - of a new self-tan range .
on the first day of spring , michelle , 27 , has been announced as the new spokesmodel for garnier ambre solaire no streaks bronzer self tan range .
and the regular self-tanner admitted she 's delighted to make her faux glow habits official .
scroll down for video .
michelle keegan displays her toned legs as she 's unveiled as the spokesmodel for garnier ambre solaire no streaks bronzer self tan range .
she said : ` garnier ambre solaire has been my favourite go to self-tanner for years as it takes care of my skin while providing a natural looking tan with a healthy glow .
' ` it 's easy to use and is available in a range of shades and formats , there really is something for anyone who is after a sun-kissed streak free tan .
` to become a spokesmodel for garnier ambre solaire is an honour .
` garnier is a brand that i 've grown up with and i 've always admired it 's tag line of `` take care .
'' ` it 's in line with my own values of taking care of myself with a healthy lifestyle inside and out with innovative skincare products .
' michelle will appear on pack and in store advertising for the garnier ambre solaire no streaks bronzer self tan body mist and face mist nationwide from 1 may , and garnier summerbody moisturising lotion exclusively at superdrug .
the actress , who shot to fame in coronation street , is currently appearing in ordinary lies .
having recently launched her summer lipsy range , the star spoke about how important looking good was to her and how she takes a ` less is more ' approach to make-up .
she told femail : ` keep a fresh-faced feel , ' she said .
` with day wear make-up , you can always add to it later in the evening .
` in the summer , i wear much less make-up and it looks better on your skin .
' her beauty regime is fairly minimal and she simply cleanses , tones and moisturises every day and treats herself to a facial every