the chinese football authority has announced plans to recruit a first batch of 120 foreign coaches by the end of 2015 to help teach pupils in primary and secondary schools , according to people 's daily online .
the news comes as a part of the ` campus football promotion campaign ' , which is widely understood as the country 's effort to turn the nation into a football powerhouse by raising a generation of all-conquering young footballers .
china 's current president xi jinping is a massive fan of the game and is keen to see his country qualifying for another world cup -- and ultimately winning it .
apart from importing coaching talent from overseas , the authority also confirmed that it is to make football a mandatory lesson in 6,000 selected schools as well as launching football leagues on campus from september this year .
pupils from a primary school in luoyang -lrb- pictured -rrb- doing ` football exercise ' between classes last week .
the country 's education authority has made football a compulsory part of the national curriculum .
6,000 primary and secondary schools in china have been chosen to specialise in football .
in these schools , pupil will have one football lesson every week .
the authority is also hoping to recruit and train 30,000-50 ,000 football teachers in 2015 across china .
the series of new football-oriented education reforms were announced by wang dengfeng , deputy president of chinese football association , during an interview .
` the desired foreign coaches need to come from countries that are traditionally good with the sport , especially those who are particularly experienced with training youngsters , ' said wang , who is also in charge of the culture , hygiene and arts section in the ministry of education in china .
the first batch of 120 foreign coaches will be sent to 40 cities around the country .
wang stressed that they are not recruited to train professional football teams , but to teach ordinary schoolchildren in primary and secondary schools .
every pupil in china will be required to learn basic football skills such as ` balancing on a ball ' and doing ` keepy-uppy ' with their insteps .
the country 's ministry of education plans to build an army of local football teachers too .
the expectation is to recruit and