former labour minister alan milburn said young people were being left behind in the recovery .
the next generation will stay poorer than their parents throughout their lives unless ` urgent action ' is taken to boost wages and slash youth unemployment , the government 's social mobility tsar has claimed .
former labour minster alan milburn said the recession had condemned those in their twenties to ` the wrong side of the divide ' between those with good jobs and their own homes and those stranded on low pay .
he revealed wages for the under 30s had fallen by 10 per cent since the recession pricing people out of buying their own home .
wages for those in their twenties are back to where they were in 1998 -- 16 years ago .
half a millions young britons were still out of work six years after the recession hit , mr milburn added .
he said the jobs crisis had even put an end to the traditional saturday job for students .
the proportion of 16 to 17-year-olds in full-time education who also work has fallen from 37 per cent to 18 per cent in a decade .
mr milburn told the observer : ` it is depressing .
the current generation of young people are educated better and for longer than any previous one .
but young people are losing out on jobs , earnings and housing .
` this recession has been particularly hard on young people .
the ratio of youth to adult unemployment rates was just over two to one in 1996 , compared to just under three to one today .
` on any definition we are nowhere near the chancellor 's objective of ` full employment ' for young people .
young people are the losers in the recovery to date .
' the average pay of a 22-to-29-year-old is now # 9.73 an hour , 10 per cent lower than it was in 2006 .
eighteen to 21-year-olds meanwhile are on just # 6.73 , is 8.8 per cent lower than six years ago .
both are at the same wage level as they were in 1998 .
the institute for fiscal studies has revealed that those aged between 22 and 30 are now earning 15 per cent less than before the recession .
the proportion of 18 - to 24-year-olds