deandre yedlin insists he is ready to return to tottenham and challenge for a place in the first team to help turn around the disastrous start to their season .
the 21-year-old right-back agreed a deal to join spurs from seattle sounders in the summer then was loaned back to the mls side .
but tottenham have an agreement that they can recall the player in january and with the club 12th in the barclays premier league and struggling with life under new manager mauricio pochettino that is looking increasingly likely .
deandre yedlin -lrb- left -rrb- is on-loan from tottenham at seattle sounders in the mls .
the usa international signed for tottenham in the summer , but was loaned back to seattle .
yedlin -lrb- centre -rrb- , pictured playing against jermain defoe , is yet to make an appearance for the london club .
yedlin is seeking talks with pochettino while he is in london , having travelled here to play in usa 's friendly against colombia being held at fulham 's craven cottage on friday night .
` i 've been trying to keep up with what 's happening , ' yedlin said .
` i 'm focussing on my season and what i 'm doing , but i have been keeping up with them as well .
trying to keep in touch .
' i feel i 'm ready wherever i 'm put , i 'm ready to step in , whether that 's coming in and playing and challenging for a spot or coming in and having to work a little bit until i get a chance .
i have n't spoken to mauricio pochettino but while i 'm here i 'll look to do that .
' yedlin has been in the uk this week on international duty , and is pictured training at craven cottage .
yedlin clears a ball off the line against fc dallas on monday , while goalkeeper stefan frei watches on .
yedlin 's usa side are due to play colombia at craven cottage in an international friendly on friday .
although he is yet to speak to the argentine , he has , however , spoken to his national team boss jurgen klinsmann , a spurs legend , about what he can expect when he properly moves to white hart lane .
` he played at tottenham