a connecticut teen who has been kept away from her parents for more than a year , recorded a desperate plea on sunday asking massachusetts gov deval patrick and a judge to let her go home .
lou and lin pelletier lost custody of their 16-year-old daughter justina when doctors at boston children 's hospital diagnosed her with a psycholgoical disorder .
the pelletiers had been helping her get treatment for a different rare genetic disease at tufts university before the conflicting diagnosis cast doubts on their parenting decisions .
she was finally released from boston children 's hospital early this year , where she was only allowed to visit with her parents for an hour weekly .
however , justina was n't allowed to go home and has since been living at a residential treatment facility in connecitcut .
scroll down for video .
justina pelletier recorded a video on sunday , begging authorities to let her go home to her parents .
she is currently in the custody of the massachusetts department of children and families .
on sunday , she posted a passionate plea to gov deval patrick and judge josephy johnston to just let her go home where she can be with her friends and family .
` all i really want to be with is my family and friends , ' justina said .
` right now - you can do it .
you are the one that 's judging this .
please let me go home judge johnson and gov. patrick please right now , please let me go home right now .
i need to be home with my family .
i know you can do it .
please right now , i need to be home right now .
' mr pelletier says he did n't force his daughter to record the video , and that it was an idea she had and created with one of her sisters .
justina may get her wish , too .
on friday , the state filed a motion to close her case .
however , mr pelletier is n't getting his hopes up too fast .
` we have come to learn actions speak louder than words , '' he told my fox boston .
the pelletier 's trying ordeal began 16 months ago when they submitted their daughter for evaluation at tufts university