the pentagon wants to spend billions on three new air force one planes to replace the existing two boeing 747s currently used by the president .
the existing planes have been in service since 1991 and the military argue that they 're getting too old and need to be replaced .
they 've requested $ 102 million from congress this year to help buy the planes , with the figure growing to more than $ 3 billion over the next five years .
scroll down for video .
the pentagon is set to spend billions on three new air force one planes to replace the existing two boeing 747s currently used by the president , pictured above .
the military has requested $ 102 million from congress this year to buy the planes , with the figure growing to more than $ 3 billion over the next five years .
those numbers do n't include the final three years of the project , reports cbs news .
while some may question whether taxpayers can afford to buy the new planes , air force col. amy mccain argues that they ca n't afford not to .
` it 's the only 747-200 left in the united states that is flying .
so it costs a lot more time and money to keep that airplane flying than it used to .
it 's actually cheaper in the long run to replace it , ' she said .
` the top priority is an affordable aircraft that will meet the presidential requirements , ' said mccain , who is in charge of ordering the new air force one .
` we 're buying up to three .
it depends on all the availability of having two airplanes available for the president at any one time .
' the air force hopes to sign the first contract with boeing later this year .
the goal is to have the new planes flying the president by 2023 .
the air force hopes to sign the first contract with boeing later this year for the next air force one and the goal is to have the new 747s flying the president in 2023 .
at six stories tall and two-thirds the size of a football field , the air force one is the most recognizable aircraft in the world .
at six stories tall and two-thirds