by .
daniel martin and rebecca english .
published : .
18:20 est , 14 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
18:44 est , 14 october 2013 .
the queen is living in ` crumbling surroundings ' and faces a # 50million repair bill to bring her palaces up to scratch , it emerged yesterday .
more than a third of the royal estate has been designated as below ` target condition ' .
national treasures such as buckingham palace and windsor castle have walls riddled with asbestos , badly need rewiring and have leaking roofs .
the queen pictured in buckingham palace with french president francois hollande .
staff have to catch the rain in buckets to protect priceless works of art and antiques , particularly in the queen 's gallery at buckingham palace .
keeper of the privy purse sir alan reid revealed that it will cost tens of millions to return royal residences to their former splendour .
details of the queen 's ` penury ' emerged as her courtiers were accused by mps of dragging their feet over a huge backlog of repairs .
sir alan , the royal family 's senior treasurer , was questioned by members of the commons public accounts committee after a national audit office report revealed the queen will enjoy a 22 per cent increase in income over two years .
she is expected to be given # 37.9 million in 2014/15 to run her household and conduct official engagements , up from # 31million in 2012/13 .
but most of the state rooms used for .
entertaining foreign heads of state have not been decorated since the .
queen came to the throne 60 years ago , while princess anne was almost .
hit by falling masonry as she got out of her car at buckingham palace .
just a few years ago .
it was claimed staff in buckingham palace have resorted to using rain buckets to protect the priceless art hung in the queen 's gallery from the leaking roof .
keeper of the privy purse sir alan reid revealed that it will cost tens of millions to return royal residences , like buckingham palace , to their former splendour .
palace .
officials blame the backlog on a ` real terms ' squeeze of up to 60 per .
cent in funding by government over