hit tv shows like the great british bake-off and big allotment challenge are fuelling a boom in people setting up their own businesses , ministers have claimed .
one in ten people with a ` creative ' hobby like baking or gardening want to turn their hobby into a new career this year , new research has revealed .
employment minister esther mcvey said people were ` turning their cakes into cash ' by setting up their own businesses .
scroll down for video .
tv shows like the great british bake-off and big allotment challenge are fuelling a boom in people setting up their own businesses .
masterchef and other ` creative ' programmes are encouraging people to use their hobbies to set up businesses .
the conservative minister said the government wanted to see more people becoming their own boss and had set up a dragons den-style business support plan to kick start a self-employment boom .
people on the scheme get help and advice from an expert who will help them write a business plan .
if it is approved , they can get financial support through a weekly allowance over 26 weeks up to a total of # 1,274 .
once a business is up and running , the mentors continue to give entrepreneurs on-going support during the early months of trading .
ministers claim nearly 500 new businesses were set up every week over the last year thanks to the programme .
esther mcvey said 500 new businesses were set up every week over the last year thanks to a dragons den-style business support scheme .
ms mcvey said : ` the most important ingredient when setting up your own business is a passion for what you 're doing - and nothing beats turning your hobby into a career .
` if you 're inspired by programmes like the great british bake-off or the big allotment challenge and think you could do it too -- you could turn your cakes into cash .
` so far we 've helped people set up more than 60,000 new businesses through the new enterprise allowance , and many of these started out as someone 's hobby .
` thanks to the expert business mentoring provided through the scheme , we 've helped set up culinary businesses ranging from cake makers and a pastry business , to olive oil