by .
gurbux singh .
published : .
19:58 est , 27 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:59 est , 27 march 2013 .
oops !
danny kitchen ran up a # 1,700 bill playing a zombie game .
for thousands of parents , it has become a familiar story .
they lend their children their ipads and mobiles to play ` free ' games .
then days later , they receive a bill revealing the game involved all sorts of expensive add-ons , and find that their children have run up bills of hundreds or even thousands of pounds at the touch of a button .
this week , doug crossan , a 48-year-old father from somerset , revealed that his 13-year-old son cameron had incurred an astonishing # 3,700 bill for games bought from apple 's online app store .
theirs is just the latest in a long line of similar stories , though it 's unlikely other parents have had such a draconian response as mr crossan and reported their child to the police .
in the past month alone , there have been three other such cases involving these underhand charges .
in bristol , eight-year-old theo rowland-fry ran up a bill of nearly # 1,000 on his parents ' ipad buying virtual doughnuts -- some costing # 69.99 -- while playing the simpsons game tapped out .
then , five-year-old danny kitchen , who also lives with his parents in bristol , spent # 1,700 buying ammunition on ` free ' zombie shoot - 'em - up games .
danny downloaded 19 different add-ons in just ten minutes -- simply by pressing on a shopping trolley icon .
in northwich , cheshire , grace walker downloaded a my little pony app on her mother 's ipad -- then spent # 900 on virtual gems to decorate the animals .
the six-year-old innocently clicked on the ` buy now ' option which appeared on the touchscreen more than 12 times in half an hour .
in each of these three cases , apple refunded the money lost , but only after appeals from the parents .
as these incidents grow ever more common , it is becoming increasingly important that parents become more savvy about how these games work -- and how to protect themselves from falling foul of unanticipated charges .
cases