andy murray booked his place in the third round of the shanghai masters with a straight-sets victory against jerzy janowicz on wednesday .
murray came through a tight first set before easing across the finish line as he beat his polish opponent 7-5 , 6-2 in one hour and 28 minutes .
it earns more crucial points for murray in his bid to qualify for the atp world tour finals in london as he prepares to face david ferrer in the last 16 on thursday .
andy murray hits a return on his way to a straight-sets victory over jerzy janowicz in the shanghai masters .
murray serves against polish opponent janowicz on the grandstand court in shanghai .
07 .
tomas berdych -lrb- cze -rrb- 3855 points .
08 .
milos raonic -lrb- can -rrb- 3750 .
------------- .
09 .
andy murray -lrb- gbr -rrb- 3655 .
10 .
david ferrer -lrb- esp -rrb- 3625 .
11 .
grigor dimitrov -lrb- bul -rrb- 3450 .
* standings on wednesday october 8 .
murray later received a boost to this london hopes as milos raonic , currently sitting eighth in the race , retired at 5-2 down in the first set against juan monaco due to illness .
it means that a win for murray against ferrer would take him to within just five points of raonic in the race to london standings .
murray told atpworldtour.com : ` all of the players that are looking to qualify for the world tour finals will be aware of what 's going on .
` but you need to just concentrate on trying to win your matches .
that 's the best thing that you can do for your chances to qualify .
' i have n't been in this position for a while , so in some ways it 's kind of new .
but i 'm enjoying it so far .
-lrb- it is -rrb- just giving me a little bit of extra focus and direction for the last few tournaments .
' murray chases down a ball during his second-round match against janowicz on wednesday .
david ferrer plays a forehand as he fights back from a set down to beat martin klizan in the second round .
ferrer is also fighting for a place in london and the spanird rallied from a set down to beat martin