by .
bianca london .
we 've all sighed over the wardrobes of stylish celebrities , wishing we could get our hands on daisy lowe 's gorgeous gucci bag , or fearne cotton 's cute , vintage-style dresses .
well , sigh no more .
now you can .
plum pieces from the closets of the most fashionable stars around are being sold off at knock-down prices at a huge jumble sale - so if your elbows are sharp enough , you could end up with a designer wardrobe at charity shop prices .
rumble in .
the jumble , an event run in association with oxfam , is taking place next .
weekend and you could be in with the chance of finding one of gizzi erskine 's retro dresses , zane lowe 's jackets or disclosure 's nike air .
max on sale there .
it 's back !
rumble in the jumble , a charity event organised with oxfam and the music circle , is back this year - and could you snap up some designer goodies .
after a hugely successful celebrity sale in 2013 , which raised over # 16,000 , caroline flack , gemma cairney and the music circle are organising the event once more - and hoping to smash last year 's target .
speaking about the event , which will sell annie lennox 's hand-written lyrics of sweet dreams and shoes worn by shirley manson in garbage 's video , organiser and radio 1 presenter gemma cairney told mailonline : ` it is a huge , colourful , brilliant beast of an event .
there will be a real mish-mash of celebrity offerings and the general public 's clothes , it 's like a high-end jumble sale .
` it is an authentic slap-dash event with no airs or graces , just grab what you can !
there will be a dj playing , photobooth , a man stand with a barber and jamie oliver has cooked up a 1,000-person stew to sell .
' smashbox cosmetics and bumble and bumble also will be offering a menu of beauty treatments and the world 's most successful male model - that 's david gandy - will be donating his suit to the sale .
what did laura whitmore snap up last year ?
the event will sell annie lennox 's hand-written lyrics of