furious residents are calling for the closure of a controversial landfill site , which overflowed leaving the streets infested with rats and trees filled with rubbish .
strong winds caused rubbish from the blaydon quarry , in tyne and wear , to be strewn across the neighbouring areas .
families living in nearby ryton , winlaton and greenside said their children were not able to play outdoors as the litter from the quarry was being swept up in the gales .
some added they had been forced to take cattle from the fields .
residents have called for octagon green solutions to ` clean up their act ' after rubbish from the landfill site was strewn across the streets , leaving trees filled with rubbish and causing an infestation of rats .
people living ryton , winlaton and greenside , in tyne and wear , picketed the site in lead road , blaydon , calling for better measure to stop waste overflowing .
staging a protest outside the site 's main gates , locals demanded operators octagon green solutions ` clean up their act ' .
they also launched a petition calling for better measures to stop rubbish from overflowing .
but blaydon mp dave anderson said the recent issue is just the latest in a ` catalogue of problems ' and demanded the site , in lead road , be shut down .
he said : ' i am not surprised that local people have felt the need to protest about blaydon quarry .
the operation of this site has caused no end of nuisance and disturbance over recent years .
` my office and local councillors have been in almost constant dialogue with the environment agency and the council in an attempt to resolve the mismanagement of the site by the operator .
` the recent outbreak of litter and highways issues are just the latest in a catalogue of problems .
' but blaydon mp dave anderson said the recent issue at the site is just the latest in a ` catalogue of problems ' mr anderson called for the controversial site , which has caused ` no end of nuisance and disturbance ' over the years to be shut down .
local families , armed with placards , visited the site to demand its operators to start running the site responsibly .
sharon westgarth , 43