ahlem gamri was always sipping bottled water in an effort to drink the recommended eight glasses a day .
like many women , ahlem gamri was always sipping bottled water in an effort to drink the recommended eight glasses a day .
as a consultant in the oil and gas industry , who travels around the world , she kept a bottle in her handbag to drink on the move .
` it 's common knowledge that drinking water is fundamental in maintaining health , ' she says .
but despite her best efforts to stay healthy , she was baffled when she began to suffer from a range of symptoms .
` i felt bloated and wiped out , no matter how much sleep i got , ' says ahlem , 37 , from london .
` i tried cutting out bread and exercised more in a bid to boost my metabolism and snap me out of it , but i still felt terrible .
i had odd symptoms that would flare up and subside without warning -- muscle aches , joint pain , dizziness , palpitations , nausea .
' for three years , she consulted endocrinologists , neurologists , gastroenterologists , rheumatologists and immunologists .
every expert offered different solutions to the symptoms -- but none could explain what was actually wrong .
` it was n't until i saw naturopathic doctor nigma talib that i got any answers , ' says ahlem .
` after a battery of tests , she identified i had a magnesium deficiency .
' surprisingly , some think drinking bottled water may be a contributing factor .
this little-heard-of deficiency is surprisingly common among women -- one survey found one in ten suffers from it , but some experts cite figures as high as seven in ten -- and the effects can be devastating .
from maintaining energy levels to steadying heart rhythm , regulating blood pressure and keeping bones strong , magnesium is vital for the body .
scroll down for video .
symptoms of deficiency include agitation and anxiety , restless leg syndrome , sleep disorders , nausea and vomiting , abnormal heart rhythms , muscle spasm and weakness , hyperventilation , poor nail growth and even seizures .
and , disastrously , modern diets are not just lacking in magnesium -- they actively deplete it .
the recommended