by .
associated press reporter .
victim : sergio adrian hernandez guereca was shot dead by a border agent in 2010 .
a 15-year-old boy shot dead by a border patrol agent was protected by the u.s. constitution even though he was on mexican soil when he was shot , a federal appeals court ruled yesterday .
the ruling from the 5th u.s. circuit court of appeals means the family of sergio adrian hernandez guereca can move forward with a civil lawsuit against the agent .
the mexican teenager was killed while he played with friends near a border bridge in 2010 .
` this recognizes human rights belong .
to everyone .
not just american citizens , ' or people standing on u.s. soil , said bob hilliard , one of the lawyers representing the family .
the .
original lawsuit was filed against the border patrol , the department of .
homeland security , customs and border protection , agent jesus mesa and .
the u.s. department of justice .
but part of the ruling relieves the agent 's supervisors and the agencies from responsibility .
` the .
appellants -lsb- do not point to -rsb- any other evidence that would suggest that .
the supervisors were personally responsible for the alleged .
constitutional violation , ' the ruling says .
hilliard said the family will likely appeal that part of the ruling .
both the government and mesa can also appeal the ruling .
the border patrol said it would not comment on the matter because it opens the possibility of litigation .
warning : graphic content .
lawsuit : the family of 15-year-old sergio , pictured above after he was shot , will be able to take legal action against the agent responsible for his death .
mesa 's attorney did not immediately respond to requests for comment from the associated press .
mesa .
shot hernandez in 2010 near a border bridge between el paso and ciudad .
juarez while trying to arrest immigrants who crossed illegally into the .
united states .
mesa said he was attacked by stone throwers .
border patrol agents are allowed to shoot at stone throwers if they feel their lives or those in their custody are at risk .
u.s. district judge david briones found in 2011 that the family could not sue because the shooting 's effects