most aussies will pile on a couple of kilos throughout the silly season which may not seem like a lot but research shows that that excess weight is rarely lost after the holiday period ends .
unlike the northern hemisphere , a lot of australians take off most of january while kids are on school holidays when it is easy to throw any kind of routine or exercise out the window until after australia day near the end of the month .
nobody likes a party pooper but there are ways to enjoy the festive season without going over the top and feeling sluggish as most australians will gain 0.8-1 .5 kg during the christmas period .
scroll down for video .
on average , most australians will gain 0.8-1 .5 kg over during the christmas period .
most aussies will pile on a couple of kilos throughout the silly season which may not seem like a lot but research shows that that excess weight is rarely lost after the holiday period ends .
nutritionist dr joanna mcmillan speaks to daily mail australia about her top three tips on how to cparty with the best of them while destroying all of your good work you done throughout the year .
one of the first things dr joanna noticed when moving from the u.k. to australia 15 years ago was that australian have a prolonged period of time over the christmas break .
` people always come to me in the new year and say ' i feel rubbish '' , ' she said .
` it 's worse here because it 's not just that couple of weeks because there 's the lead up to christmas and then lots of people go on holiday in january .
' ` there is that saying it does n't matter what you do between christmas and new year but what you do between new year and christmas that counts .
' dr joanna mcmillan -lrb- centre -rrb- speaks to daily mail australia about how you can party with the best of them while destroying all of your good work you done throughout the year .
` spending time with family and friends is absolutely a key part of your health and happiness , ' dr joanna says .
enjoy yourself during the festive season .
there is no need to become anti social