by .
chris parsons .
published : .
10:41 est , 22 may 2012 .
| .
updated : .
10:41 est , 22 may 2012 .
an aspiring teen football coach and his 18-year-old accomplice who videoed their sexual assault on a ` vulnerable ' drunk 14-year-old girl have been jailed for just three years each .
teejay walker , 17 , and david lingard , 18 , abused the young teenage girl when she was in a ` drunken stupour ' at a new year 's eve party in burnley this year .
lingard , then 17 , had intercourse with the girl , despite her being ` clearly unconscious ' , while walker photographed the incident on his mobile phone as the pair ` clearly enjoyed ' the abuse .
abusers : teejay walker , 17 , left , and david lingard , 18 , right , carried out the sexual abuse on the 14-year-old girl despite her being ` clearly unconscious ' a judge told the pair they ` chose to ignore the standards of morality ' in abusing the girl by laughing and posing as they recorded the sexual assault .
walker was even said to have threatened to to post the photos of the incident on the internet , burnley crown court heard .
the duo are able to be identified after judge lunt ruled there should be no reporting restrictions on their names because they are ` not children but young men ' .
police only became aware of the ` horrible ' abuse when the victim told a teacher at her school what had happened .
lingard and walker both from burnley , admitted sexual activity with a child , sexual assault and taking indecent photos of a child and were each sentenced to three years and four months .
judge beverley lunt allowed identification of walker and lingard after ruling they were ` young men , not children ' both will be on the sex offenders ' register indefinitely .
lawyers for walker applied for a court order banning him from being publicly identified as he is under 18 .
but judge lunt , 58 , refused and told the boys : ` you both knew the girl was clearly under the influence of alcohol and was vulnerable and a non custodial sentence would be wholly against the interests of justice