sepp blatter , the under-fire fifa president , has shrugged off the increasing pressure to act over allegations of corruption around the bidding process that enabled qatar to secure the 2022 world cup .
despite further revelations of bribery claims surrounding the selection of qatar -- and russia for the 2018 tournament -- blatter stuck to fifa 's party line yesterday .
he took to twitter to say simply : ` never ignoring media reports on ethics allegations in football .
but let the ethics committee work !
' under fire : blatter -lrb- right -rrb- has been criticised over the decision to award the 2022 world cup to qatar .
this was a reference to the inquiry already being carried out by fifa 's own investigator , new york lawyer michael garcia , who is set to complete his report on monday .
against the backdrop of public statements of concern from sony , visa and adidas , who pay millions to sponsor the world cup , 78-year-old blatter will attempt to carry on regardless , particularly as the 2014 world cup is due to begin here on thursday and in the week when fifa will also stage their annual congress in sao paulo .
while blatter will face more calls this week to order a new vote he is due to deliver his address to congress on tuesday .
the response from the three main sponsors , who are calling for a thorough investigation , follows yet more revelations in the sunday times , with this week 's evidence from a cache of millions of documents alleging a more direct link between the disgraced former fifa vice-president , mohamed bin hammam , and the qatar bid team .
this comes after qatar officials insisted that bin hammam was working independently of the bid , with any payments he might have made to fifa officials designed only to secure support in his attempt to usurp blatter as fifa president .
challenge : blatter is expected to seek a fifth term as president though michel platini may contest the election .
in danger : sony is one of fifa 's key sponsors , and have called for a ` thorough investigation ' in a statement yesterday adidas followed sony in voicing concerns .
` we are confident that the matter is being dealt with as a priority , ' said