craig spencer , the doctor whose confirmed ebola diagnosis sent new york city into a tailspin on thursday , successfully cleared the u.s. government 's newest ` enhanced ' screening protocols when he returned from africa .
the centers for disease control and prevention said dr spencer , who was in guinea treating ebola patients as part of a doctors without borders team , passed inspection six days before showing symptoms and being rushed to bellevue hospital in manhattan .
` the healthcare worker had returned through jfk airport on october 17 and participated in the enhanced screening for all returning travelers from these countries ' affected by the virus , the cdc said in a statement .
scroll down for video .
outrage : the cdc admitted on thursday that its latest screening program missed the latest us ebola patient .
hot-blooded ?
arriving international passengers at jfk airport who have been in an ebola hot-zone country now have their temperatures taken and answer some health questions before being cleared to enter the u.s. dr craig spencer , fresh from work in guinea with the aid group doctors without borders , was diagnosed with ebola in new york city on thursday -- despite successfully navigating the cdc 's ` enhanced screening ' protocol at jfk airport .
` he went through multiple layers of screening and did not have a fever or other symptoms of illness .
' the cdc 's acknowledgement brought angry catcalls on twitter on thursday night , as americans realized ebola could reach the us despite security upgrades introduced following an earlier case of ebola arriving from africa .
` well then , ' read one post , ` it appears your ` advanced screening ' is a load of bull *** t. another failure by cdc .
' the agency moved quickly to try to quell online concerns , but the effort met with little success .
spencer ` did n't have fever or other symptoms of illness during screening ; reported fever to health officials for 1st time today , ' the cdc tweeted .
` so basically , ' came a tweeted retort , ` screen -lsb- ing -rsb- process does n't work to detect ebola carriers ... sheesh .
' the cdc announced on thursday that new york airline passengers who began their journeys in liberia , sierra leone , or