by .
paul sims .
published : .
12:25 est , 13 march 2012 .
| .
updated : .
02:50 est , 14 march 2012 .
dressed in a muslim veil and surrounded from all angles by armed officers , this was the astonishing scene yesterday as a tranquil seaside resort was plunged into a full-scale terror alert .
scores of officers carrying sub-machine guns and wearing full protective uniform descended on saltburn-by-the-sea , near middlesbrough , at 11am after reports that a woman had a bomb in her bag .
during a dramatic stand-off with police negotiators , the woman -- said to be local to the area -- was ordered to place the rucksack on the ground .
armed police surrounded the woman in saltburn , teesside , and took aim .
her bag was behind her .
in the tense moments that followed , a .
police helicopter hovered overhead as she was then told to drop to her .
knees while keeping her hands up .
as negotiators continued to talk to .
her , she was instructed to get to her feet and walk away from the .
rucksack .
as officers trained their weapons on .
her , they watched every step towards the seafront before ordering her to .
sit on a nearby bench .
once there she placed her hands on her head .
the terrifying stand-off went on into .
the evening as army bomb disposal experts headed to the scene from .
nearby catterick garrison , north yorkshire , to carry out a controlled .
explosion on the rucksack .
witnesses said the woman , who was .
white and wearing a dress with a veil , had earlier been to a hardware .
store in the town and purchased items .
a resident , who did not want to be .
named , said : ` she does n't say a lot , she 's always walking around wearing .
a white hijab .
my friend tried to say hello to her once , she just .
snapped at him .
the woman was ordered to walk forward , away from the bag as armed police kept their guns trained on her .
the bag was left in the street with concerned officers treating it as a suspect package .
specialist officers took cover in case the package