alexander the great built a legendary empire before his untimely - and mysterious - death at the age of just 32 in 323 bc .
some historians argued was death was due to natural causes , while others maintained he was secretly murdered at a celebratory banquet .
now , an otago university scientist may have unraveled the case some 2000 years later .
national poisons centre toxicologist dr leo schep thinks the culprit could be poisonous wine made from an innocuous-looking plant , according to a report in the new zealand herald .
death by wine ?
new findings , which are ten years in the making , suggest that alexander the great died from drinking wine that was tainted with a seemingly innocuous plant called hellebore .
pretty but deadly : veratrum album , known as white hellebore , is a plant that , once fermented properly , can be lethal .
dr schep , who has been researching the toxicological evidence for a decade , said some of the poisoning theories - including arsenic and strychnine - were not plausible .
death would have come far too fast , he said .
his research , co-authored by otago university classics expert dr pat wheatley and published in the medical journal clinical toxicology , found the most plausible culprit was veratrum album , known as white hellebore .
the white-flowered plant , which can be fermented into a poisonous wine , was well-known to the greeks as a herbal treatment for inducing vomiting .
crucially , it could have accounted for the 12 torturous days that alexander took to die , speechless and unable to walk .
the new theory behind the death of alexander the great started here , at the university of otago in new zealand .
other suggested poisons - including hemlock , aconite , wormwood , henbane and autumn crocus - would likely have killed him far more quickly .
dr schep began looking into the mystery in 2003 when he was approached by a company working on a bbc documentary .
` they asked me to look into it for them and i said , ` oh yeah , i 'll give it a go , i like a challenge ' - thinking i was n't going to find anything , ' he said .
` and to my utter surprise , and