fresh from rescuing a last-minute draw against chelsea in so-called ` fergie time ' , manchester united players arrived punctually for the launch of a collection of watches inspired by the 1999 treble-winning season .
manager louis van gaal will accept no excuses for lateness after official timepiece partner bulova released three watches - available in silver , blue and a red version , that will be worn by players and staff .
united legend andy cole , who was part of the historic treble-winning team , was present for the launch - while the first team squad , including robin van persie , angel di maria and luke shaw but not phil jones , posed in their club suits under grey skies at old trafford .
-lrb- l-r -rrb- jonny evans , angel di maria , robin van persie , luke shaw and chris smalling pose at old trafford .
manchester united 's first team squad arrived sharply dressed for the launch of the bulova treble collection .
-lrb- l-r -rrb- smalling , shaw and evans looked pleased with their new watches that will be worn by players and staff .
andy cole -lrb- right -rrb- was at the launch for watches inspired by the 1999 treble-winning team that he was part of .
bulova are just one of 29 official commercial partners that have seen united 's revenues soar .
former red devils manager sir alex ferguson inspired the term ` fergie time ' van persie throws his shirt into the stands after scoring an injury time equaliser against chelsea .
united are renowned for their exhaustive list of global partnerships , which have helped fund the club 's unprecedented spending spree in the summer that saw the likes of di maria , shaw and radamel falcao arrive .
according to the club 's official website , united currently has 29 sponsors and commercial partners - including everything from diesel engine parts to potato chips .
they have a world record shirt sponsorship deal with chevrolet , worth # 47million-a-year for seven years - while they also receive # 17m-a-year to have their training kits sponsored by aon .
van persie has also been used to promote a brand of tomato juice across asia .
former united players javier hernandez , rio ferdinand and ryan giggs pose with mister potato crisps .
in the latest full-year accounts released