by .
mark duell .
a 74-year-old man has been charged with assault and child cruelty as part of an investigation into historic child abuse in the care system in north wales .
peter steen , from the wrexham area , is charged with three offences of assault occasioning actual bodily harm and four charges of child cruelty , the national crime agency said .
the offences are alleged to have taken place against four boys and one girl - aged between 13 and 16 - from 1978 to 1986 .
he has been bailed to appear at mold magistrates ' court on june 12 .
appearance : peter steen has been bailed to appear at mold magistrates ' court -lrb- pictured -rrb- on june 12 .
steen is the third person charged under operation pallial , which is looking at offences allegedly committed against people aged between six and 19 from 1953 to 1995 at care homes in north wales .
earlier this week mailonline reported how richard dafydd vevar , 62 , from wrexham , had been charged with two offences of indecent assault against a boy aged between 13 and 16 .
another man , john allen , 72 , has been charged with a string of child sex offences and awaits trial later this year .
latest figures show 37 people have been investigated as suspects under pallial , with 20 arrests made .
a total of 255 people have reported allegations to the nca , and information from 212 is under active investigation .
some 28 care homes in north wales are involved in the investigation .
at the time the investigation was announced , detective superintendent ian mulcahey , from merseyside police , senior investigating officer for the inquiry , said : ` operation pallial is investigating new allegations of historic child abuse , some from victims previously known about and some from victims who have come forward for the first time .
` all victims of abuse have a right to expect all allegations of abuse , no matter how much time has passed , to be investigated professionally and appropriately .
we will do so .
` equally importantly , if offenders are still alive , they must be identified , investigated and brought to justice , with those who still have access to children being prioritised .
' sorry we are