america 's position as the world 's leading power inevitably makes it a love-it-or-hate-it nation .
such is the complexity of global politics and conflict , its reputation is constantly in flux - whether its providing humanitarian aid with one hand or diving into a war with the other .
but a new survey has been released which could well give washington a clearer idea about where to focus its attention in the coming years .
the washington haters : figures from the pew research center reveal the top ten biggest critics of the u.s. based on a survey of citizens from 44 countries .
friction : the biggest anti-u.s. sentiment comes from egypt , which will come as a blow to president obama , who made a speech in 2009 -lrb- above -rrb- that promised to seek a ` new beginning ' for the u.s. and muslims .
according to the pew research center , which questioned citizens in 44 countries , anti-american sentiment features strongly in the middle east , while many of those in favour come from europe and asia .
the biggest anti-american sentiment currently comes from egypt , where 85 per cent held an unfavourable view of uncle sam .
meanwhile , only 10 per cent showed support for the u.s. , which is viewed as having failed to oppose the overthrow of long-serving president hosni mubarak by the muslim brotherhood .
the figures will come as a blow to president barack obama , who made an impassioned speech in cairo in 2009 that promised to seek a ` new beginning ' for the u.s. and muslims in the wake of 9/11 and the subsequent iraq and afghanistan wars .
fanbase : many in favour of the u.s. come from europe and asia , with the philippines its biggest supporter .
pro-moscow militants guard the mh17 crash site : in russia , pro-america reaction has plunged 28 points in just one year to 23 per cent in large part due to america 's opposition to its intervention in ukraine .
america is in more danger than it has been for years because of the islamic uprising in iraq , a top u.s. intelligence official has warned .
lt general michael flynn said washington had been taken by surprise by the lightning offensive by isis despite knowing about their growing influence months ago .
he was