liverpool have been drawn against turkish side besiktas in the europa league and will return to the stadium where they won the champions league in 2005 .
besiktas are playing their european matches at the ataturk olympic stadium this season while their home ground is being renovated .
the draw was conducted by jerzy dudek , liverpool 's goalkeeper in that famous istanbul encounter with ac milan and the uefa ambassador for this season 's final in warsaw .
everton will head to berne in switzerland to take on young boys while tottenham face fiorentina in the last 32 .
celtic play inter milan in a repeat of the 1967 european cup final , when jock stein 's ` lisbon lions ' beat the italian giants 2-1 .
young boys vs everton .
torino vs athletic bilbao .
sevilla vs borussia monchengladbach .
wolfsburg vs sporting lisbon .
ajax vs legia warsaw .
aalborg vs club brugge .
anderlecht vs dynamo moscow .
dnipro vs olympiacos .
trabzonspor vs napoli .
guingamp vs dynamo kiev .
villarreal vs salzburg .
roma vs feyenoord .
psv eindhoven vs zenit st petersburg .
liverpool vs besiktas .
tottenham hotspur vs fiorentina .
celtic vs inter milan .
first legs to be played on february 19 , seconds legs on february 26 .
uefa general secretary gianni infantino speaks ahead of the uefa europa league draw in nyon .
the europa league trophy in front of a screen displaying the last 32 ties .
liverpool will return to the scene of their miraculous champions league triumph in 2005 .
sevilla , the competition 's last ever defending champions as this season 's winners will instead qualify for the champions league , face bundesliga side borussia monchengladbach .
the tie pits together teams who have won the competition , or its predecessor the uefa cup , five times between them .
remarkably , aside from the ties involving celtic and liverpool , only one other features teams who have played against each other before - villarreal and salzburg , who met in the the 2009-10 group stage with salzburg winning both games .
liverpool won their last meeting with besiktas 8-0 in the 2007-08 champions league .
current captain steven gerrard scored in the game but the other goalscorers - yossi benayoun with a hat-trick and peter crouch and ryan babel netting twice apiece