police have released cctv footage of a suspect who is believed to have killed a man after pushing him onto a new york subway track .
wai kuen kwok from the bronx was shoved off the platform by an unidentified man at the grand concourse and east 167th street station in highbridge .
the 61-year-old was struck by a southbound d train at around 8:40 a.m. and pronounced dead at the scene .
his wife was not injured .
authorities have now released images of a potential suspect walking around outside the station .
scroll down for video .
cctv footage : police are asking the public if they can identify this man who is regarded as a person of interest in the death of a wai kuen kwok , 61 , who was pushed onto a subway track in the bronx , new york .
covered-up : he was seen wearing a black balaclava -lrb- top right -rrb- as he left 167th street station in highbridge .
danger : wai kuen kwok , 61 , of the bronx was pushed off the platform by an unidentified man at the grand concourse and east 167th street station in highbridge , police said .
after exiting the station he is wearing a black balaclava before walking around the corner , taking if off and smoking a cigarette .
authorities told the new york post that kwok 's 59-year-old spouse yow ho lee had been transported to bronx lebanon hospital , has since been released and police are interviewing her .
one source told the post ` she is not injured except for obvious trauma from seeing her husband pushed in front of a train .
' there was no indication that kwok knew the man or had had an altercation with him before he was pushed , police said .
witnesses told police they believed the man fled the subway station after shoving kwok and jumped on a city bus .
a transit source told the new york daily news ' -lsb- the subway train motorman -rsb- said the guy just flew off the platform in front of his train as he was entering the station .
the guy was still in the air when he hit him .
' the source also told the daily news that by the time the subway train came to a halt kwok had already