illinois congressman aaron schock has reportedly repaid the us government $ 40,000 from his personal checking account for redecoration to his congressional office in the style of the tv show downton abbey .
schock , 33 , paid $ 35,000 earlier this month to the owner of the illinois decorating firm euro trash , and $ 5,000 more on thursday , according to financial records reviewed by the associated press .
his official house expense account had previously paid the group for its services .
illinois rep. aaron schock has reimbursed the u.s. government for $ 40,000 worth of renovations he made to his congressional office .
photos taken in january of schock 's new office in the rayburn office building , which was designed to resemble the dining room of the pbs show downton abbey .
schock , a rising star in the republican party , has been under scrutiny for using taxpayer money to pay for the redecorating , as well as using his official and campaign funds for flights on donor-owned planes and concert tickets .
the washington post was first to describe the office decorations in early february .
a watchdog group has since requested a house ethics review of the congressman 's spending .
schock 's office said friday his payments made good on an earlier promise to personally shoulder the costs of the office renovation .
schock wrote two checks - for $ 25,000 on february 4 and $ 10,000 on february 6 - to tracy ` annie ' brahler , owner of euro trash .
he wrote a third check for $ 5,000 on thursday .
` congressman schock has fulfilled his commitment to pay for all the renovation costs , ' his office said friday in a prepared statement .
it said that while congressional office costs are usually paid from office expense accounts , ` the congressman believed it appropriate to pay these costs himself .
' over the last month , he has paid for his decor with three checks to tracy ` annie ' brahler , owner of euro trash : one check on february 4 for $ 25,000 , one on february 6 for $ 10,000 and one on thursday for $ 5,000 .
schock is in his fourth term representing the peoria and springfield areas .
this week , schock brought on board a team of campaign