laura robson appears set to shelve plans to make her comeback next week at a low-key event in arizona .
the former british no 1 , whose last appearance came more than 12 months ago at the australian open , had been considering a return at a $ 25,000 lower-tier tournament at a place called surprise starting next monday .
her agent , max eisenbud , was quoted in melbourne last month as pinpointing this as her comeback schedule ahead of making a return to the full wta tour at the much higher profile indian wells event in early march .
laura robson is not likely to appear in the lower-tier surprise , arizona , tournament as initially planned .
however , informed sources say that , while there has not been any major setback in her rehabilitation , her wrist is still not ready for the rigours of full-on competition .
the 21-year-old former british no 1 is adamant she wo n't rush back from a long-suffered wrist injury .
while eisenbud was not responding to inquiries , it is also suggested that it is far from certain that she will play at indian wells or the miami open that follows it later next month .
robson was struggling with wrist problems from late 2013 onwards and in late april of 2014 underwent surgery , putting her in a cast for the rest of the summer .
she was able to return to training and practice later on last year , working mostly in florida , but as with all wrist injuries in tennis it has proved a torturously long process , and the watchword has always been caution .
former us open champion juan martin del potro is the most prominent example of this and has been plagued by issues off and on for nearly four years , having undergone surgery on both wrists .
he played at the atp event in sydney last month but then had to pull out of the australian open , and has subsequently had another minor procedure done on his left wrist .
although she has found the hiatus in her career immensely frustrating , robson is adamant that she will not be rushing back until she feels absolutely ready , although she is said to be doing plenty of hitting .
a clue to her immediate plans could be found in