a whistle blasts as the ` orient express ' slides out of stockholm 's central station .
hugo , our aqua blue-uniformed steward pops a bottle of prosecco .
` farewell , fair city , ' he says , saluting the shrinking skyline .
for all its easy-going , egalitarian image , sweden 's capital is an imperial city of gracious facades and plume-helmeted cavalry guarding a royal residence bigger than buckingham palace .
stockholm , with its old district of gamla stan to the fore , was the start-point for this grand rail journey .
no wonder the world 's most illustrious train seems so at home here .
my wife , hennie , and i have flown in to join her on a jaunt to copenhagen , the first leg of the train 's journey home to venice .
for us , it is a case of relishing the romantic opulence of 1920s-style rail travel , book-ended by another in each of two historic scandinavian capitals .
we stay in regal style at the harbour side grand hotel , where orient express sets up its check-in desk in a lobby which , alarmingly , is swirling with silk gowns and gents in white tie .
suddenly they all sweep off into a gilded hall to meet his majesty king carl gustaf .
not our fellow travellers after all .
phew .
it is a shortish walk to the central station , where the gold-lettered , navy carriages stretch along the platform .
we settle into our mahogany-panelled cabin .
there is a washbasin in a corner cabinet , but loos are in a shared compartment down the corridor -lrb- another touch of 1920s authenticity -rrb- .
nor are there showers - which is why every night on board is followed by a city hotel stay .
another route : although the train 's most famous destination is venice , it also serves other european cities .
this privately-run train is not exactly heir to the renowned service immortalised by agatha christie which connected european cities with istanbul .
on the other hand , the twenties and thirties vintage rail coaches restored by the venice simplon orient-express -lrb- vsoe -rrb- company clearly share the same gene pool .
calais-to-venice is the train 's stock-in-trade .
but these days the company sets its bounds wider , with numerous different european