by .
steve nolan .
published : .
13:47 est , 8 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:16 est , 8 august 2013 .
a three-year-old girl who is unable to speak or move her hands could be able to communicate with her family thanks to a computer which she would control with her eyes .
georgia edwards is ` locked inside her body ' after global development delay prevented her from communicating easily or feeding herself .
the condition has left the toddler completely dependent on her family .
` locked in her body ' : three-year-old georgia edwards is unable to speak or feed herself because of a condition called global development delay .
loving : georgia 's mother katie gives her three-year-old daughter a cuddle at the family home in wrexham , north wales .
her parents gavin , 28 , and katie , 26 , are unsure what the future holds for their daughter and hope that eye-gaze technology could help her development .
georgia 's mother katie , from wrexham , north wales , said : ` she is completely dependent on us .
` it 's a lot of hard work but she 's very lovely so we ca n't complain .
` we want to give her as many opportunities as we can to allow her to live as fulfilling a life as possible .
' the couple believe that the eye-gaze computer would make life easier both for them and their daughter .
` it would give her a more independent way of life , ' added katie .
` she can get so frustrated .
family support : the youngsters parents are hoping to raise # 3,000 for new technology that will allow georgia , pictured with her brother charile , to communicate using her eyes .
` it can be difficult to sooth her , she can get upset with everything .
' despite her speech regressing , georgia is still able to walk and has been receiving therapy at wrexham child health centre .
her family is looking to raise # 3,000 to buy eye-gaze equipment for their daughter having raised # 2,500 for her treatment last year and a further # 400 to buy an adapted pushchair with a big breakfast event .
they are now planning a range of similar events as part of