by .
alex greig .
published : .
17:37 est , 5 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
18:04 est , 5 december 2013 .
the family of a war veteran who died in action is outraged after photographs of him were used on a fake facebook account and dating site profile .
army staff sergeant matthew pucino , 34 , of massachusetts , died in 2009 while on combat patrol in afghanistan while on his third tour of duty .
the pucino family were alerted to the imposter when someone using matthew pucino 's likeness and name tried to befriend an acquaintance on facebook , claiming to live across the country in dallas .
fallen soldier : matthew pucino was on his third tour of duty when he was killed while on patrol .
the family is still struggling to cope with their loss and the use of matthew pucino 's identity left them disturbed and furious .
' i was about coming out of my skin .
i do n't even know how to describe it , i mean the anger it was hard to sleep that night i was so furious that someone would disrespect his name and pose as matthew , he 's a fallen hero , '' pucino 's sister lisa haglof told fox news .
the imposter also used pucino 's pictures , taken from a memorial facebook page set up in his honor , on an online dating site .
offending page : the facebook account created using matthew pucino 's name and likeness .
scammer : it 's unclear what the imposter had to gain by creating fake dating profiles with matthew pucino 's likeness and name -lrb- stock photo -rrb- .
the family contacted facebook .
wednesday to remove the page , but the site informed them that it had to .
follow a ` process ' before it could be taken down .
hagelof told the cape cod times that she 's angry with facebook 's reaction .
` they have measures .
they have the ability to figure this out quickly , ' she said of facebook .
` they should show respect for him .
bereaved : lisa haglof is furious that anyone would use her beloved brother 's likeness for personal gain .
gone but not forgotten : matthew pucino 's family keep his memory