by .
nick pisa .
published : .
05:13 est , 21 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
06:08 est , 21 june 2012 .
an italian regional councillor has sparked a race row after he posted on his facebook page a picture of footballer mario balotelli working in fields as an immigrant worker .
paolo ciani , 51 , of the right wing future and liberty party , mocked up the photograph which showed balotelli , 21 , wearing his italian shirt and bent over collecting cabbages in a field .
the caption underneath referred to balotelli 's elbow against ireland 's richard dunne in his side 's 2-0 win which went unseen by the match referee , the player 's goal and then his foul mouthed outburst .
it comes days before sunday 's euro 2012 quarter-final clash with england , where balotelli is likely to face , and possibly be ` wound up ' , by several of his manchester city club teammates .
outrage : an italian regional councillor has sparked a race row after he posted on his facebook page a picture of footballer mario balotelli working in fields as an immigrant worker .
verbal : italy 's mario balotelli is hushed up by team-mates thiago motta , leonardo bonucci and federico balzaretti after he scored his goal against ireland .
ciani wrote : ` he comes commits a foul worthy of a red card , scores then unleashes a verbal onslaught against the bench forcing them to shut him up .
` this clown should go and work in the fields .
' in italy it is not uncommon to see immigrants from africa or south america working in fields collecting vegetables in searing heat .
there have been numerous complaints over conditions they have to endure .
ciani 's comments immediately provoked controversy with many accusing him of blatant racism .
it comes after uefa launched an investigation against croatian fans after they threw bananas at balotelli and aimed monkey chants at him .
before the tournament started manchester city striker balotelli , who was born in italy to ghanaian immigrant parents , had vowed to walk off if he was racially abused .
anger : paolo ciani , 51 , of the right wing future and liberty party , mocked up the photograph which showed balotelli , 21 , wearing