tv regulator ofcom has said it will investigate channel 4 series benefits street to see whether it broke broadcasting guidelines following nearly 1,800 complaints .
the documentary series sparked hundreds of complaints after featuring a thief showing how to shoplift .
other residents were revealed to be benefit cheats while a 15-year-old child bride was also featured on the show filmed in james turner street , birmingham .
ofcom will examine whether the programme may have caused offence by being misleading or unfair , and whether enough was done to protect under-18s in the show , as well as the way it depicted possible crimes .
complaints : the five-part series benefits street attracted around 1,800 complaints to ofcom - but was a huge ratings success for channel 4 .
shoplifting : danny smith was filmed explaining how to dodge shop security and take the tags off clothes without damaging them during the first episode of benefits street .
benefit fraud : mark and becky , who live on james turner street , told programme makers they had their benefits stopped because of fraud .
child bride : romanian husband stefan stana was filmed in episode two admitting he had married his wife , thought to be called madalina balasa , when she was 15 .
the documentary series was supposed to portray the daily lives of people living in the road - many of whom are living off handouts .
the watchdog was deluged with calls , letters and emails from viewers of the five-part documentary series .
however , ofcom said they would not look into the complaints until the end of the run , which finished last week .
in the first episode , prolific shoplifter danny smith was shown explaining how to dodge security alarms and remove security tags from designer clothes without causing damage .
young couple mark and becky who live on the street told the film-makers they had all their benefits stopped because of fraudulent claims .
storm : benefits street , filmed on james turner street in birmingham , living off handoutson benefits .
` star ' : benefits street matriarch white dee who featured heavily on the show .
and in the second episode , romanian husband stefan stana was show admitting that his wife had married him when she was 15 .
only a few months later , the .