this is the unassuming california pad where elvis presley would secretly wine and dine women away from the prying eyes of the media and jealous fans .
the hideout , which was largely unknown while the king was alive , is tucked away in palm springs , two hours ' drive from los angeles .
it was photographed by a hollywood insider in the late 1960s , who kept the pictures away from the public eye until now .
fit for the king : this home in palm springs , california , was elvis presley 's secret hideaway .
black sheets and a mirror headboard : elvis would reportedly bring women to the home for secret getaways .
memorabilia : elvis coated the walls of the property in posters for his films - and the occasional cut-out .
although the property , just miles from his famed honeymoon house , is humble in comparison to his more lavish residence , the photographs still show touches of elvis 's trademark style .
one bedroom features a huge double bed with black silk sheets , with a second decorated in garish pink .
in a light-hearted gesture , the singer had also placed cardboard cut-out of himself behind the home 's well-stocked bar .
the residence was so secluded that elvis reportedly felt safe enough to sunbathe nude by the pool .
guest room : a second bedroom was rumoured to have often been used by starlet natalie wood .
sunspot : according to hollywood gossip reporter roger asquith , elvis would sunbathe naked by this pool .
the walls were adorned with personal photos of the with his wife priscilla and daughter lisa marie , along with gold discs and film posters .
outside , the pool stood in the shadow of mount jacinto - and had chairs with the names of elvis and his manager tom ` the colonel ' parker on the back .
photographs of the home were taken by gossip reporter roger asquith , a journalist who sold hollywood stories to uk publications for 40 years .
speaking for the first time about the pictures , roger , 82 , said : ` it was n't a film star 's mansion , but it was n't supposed to be .
love nest : the photographs were taken in the 1960s when mr asquith was visiting the house