by .
aap .
a west australian man was speeding when his motorbike collided with another in indonesia , killing a local mother , a court has heard .
jake drage , 23 , has appeared in court for the first time since the june 30 crash and says he has converted to islam while in custody .
the former personal trainer is charged with ` reckless ' driving causing the death of a west java woman who was riding pillion on a motorcycle with her teenage daughter .
scroll down for video .
west australian man jake drage has finally appeared at a court in sukabumi in indonesia following a motorbike crash in june .
the 23-year-old -lrb- pictured during his trial on tuesday -rrb- collided with a teenage girl who was riding a motorbike with her mother on the back without a helmet .
the mother died the following day from injuries .
a smiling drage arrived at court on tuesday , clean shaven and wearing black pants and a white shirt .
he told reporters he felt fine , and thanked them for paying attention to his case .
asked to state his religion by the judge , drage answered in indonesian : ` learning islam .
' prosecutor eka aryanta is pressing charges that could see the australian spend up to six years in jail if he 's found guilty .
he told the court drage was heading for a surf when his speeding bike collided with the other motorcycle .
drage 's lawyer claims his client has converted to islam during his long detention in the police cell and attends weekly koran recitals .
the prosecutor claims that drage -lrb- pictured here in july -rrb- was speeding and that ` because of the high speed , the accident was unavoidable ' ` because of the high speed , the accident was unavoidable , ' the prosecutor said .
` the victim was thrown and hit the asphalt , and there was blood everywhere .
` jake screamed , `` oh my god !
'' while the victim was helped by bystanders .
' drage 's family has said he will plead not guilty .
his mother , tiena drage , who rushed to her son 's side soon after the crash , was in court on tuesday .
` the victim was thrown and hit