ashley is sick of women being made to feel guilty for having a baby ` too late ' at some point in the past few years , for me at least , fertility has really become the f word .
it 's a notion that inspires guilt and regret in those of us over 40 as we are pummelled daily in the press for ` leaving it too late ' and panic for those in their 20 's and 30 's , regularly admonished to forgoe both financial and emotional security in order to have babies immediately , in particular by successful , insanely wealthy television presenters who did nothing of the sort .
for women in the thick of it , it 's getting to be rather ugly .
regularly patronised by -lrb- predominantly male -rrb- doctors and lectured by smug married , financially well off mothers who offer unsolicited advice -- fertility just is n't fun anymore .
additionally , i think the words that most of us associate with fertility with are other f words , like failure or fear .
the failure to establish a stable relationship with a man who also wants children in his early 30 's -lrb- which by the way is almost none of them -rrb- or the failure of your body to do what you always believed it could do .
as a first time mother at 40 , i understand these feelings all too well .
having your fertility tested , prodded , talked about and analysed at the same moment you are passionate about having a baby is utterly terrifying , no matter what your age or challenges .
as an older woman who wants to get pregnant it is especially unpleasant .
you are often made to feel as if you did something wrong .
you know what ?
you did n't .
life and opportunities happen the way that they do for some of us and some things are simply out of our control .
that is , if you believe in creating a child with someone you love , who is stable and emotionally involved , which i did .
as i headed like an unstoppable bullet train towards 40 , fertility became the word i most dreaded reading in newspaper headlines , most of which were heralding yet another new study outlining yet again how