a canadian tourist who was involved in the death of a chinese woman at the great wall of china has agreed to pay more than # 60,000 in compensation to the victim 's family .
cui hongfang , 73 , died in front of horrified family members and holidaymakers after she was knocked over by the 38-year-old canadian woman .
mrs hongfang , from heilongjiang province in north-eastern china , struck her head in a tragedy that was ruled an accident by police .
this photo of cui hongfang , 73 , was taken shortly before she died at the great wall of china .
mrs hongfang 's husband said she fell down the stairs after she was knocked over by a canadian tourist .
the victim 's husband told chinese media that the tourist was rushing down a steep set of steps on the mutianyu section of the great wall when she bumped into his wife .
mrs hongfang fell down the steps and died shortly after she struck her head and lost consciousness .
her husband said : ` the foreigner was moving really fast .
she was chasing -lsb- someone -rsb- and laughing and wanted to go between me and my wife .
' the victim 's family filed a civil lawsuit against the tourist , identified by chinese media as debra fortin , and demanded she be prevented from leaving china after police announced that they would not be laying any criminal charges stemming from the april 8 incident .
cui hongfang receives care from her family and others after she struck her head and lost consciousness .
police interviewed the tourist , identified by chinese media as debra fortin , and ruled the death an accident .
relatives even went as far as visiting the hotel where the canadian was staying and attempting to stop her from returning to canada , shanghaiist reported .
after two days of pre-trial mediation at a court in beijing the two sides have agreed on a compensation amount of 600,000 yuan -lrb- approximately # 63,000 or usd$ 96,000 -rrb- , to be delivered in 15 days , the beijing news and shanghai daily reported .
zhao fuxing , a lawyer for mrs hongfang 's relatives , said the canadian woman offered a ` sincere ' apology to the family at court .
mrs hongfang 's son told sohu news