by .
aladair glennie .
and ben spencer .
middle aged professional men who vote conservative are the most likely to be involved in road rage rows , a study has found .
cyclists , drivers and pedestrians who come to blows are likely to be in their 40s or 50s , tory and well-off .
a yougov poll of 1,900 british adults found that 43 per cent of people have been a victim of road rage .
scroll down for video .
anger : tory-voting middle aged men are the most likely to get involved in road rage incidents , a yougov poll has found .
the figures come as a new documentary called road rage britain , pictured , is screened on itv .
stats : 43 per cent of people have been involved in a road rage incident , the study found .
the itv documentary will be screened tonight - and shows some shocking incidents of road rage like this fight pictured .
and one in five admit committing acts of anger at others ' expense .
there are more cars on the roads than ever before -- and people are cycling far more than they used to .
more and more people are competing for a limited amount of road space , leading to furious rows on our streets .
an itv documentary to be screened this evening reveals some of the most outrageous acts of violence committed by drivers and cyclists .
using footage filmed on helmet-mounted and dashboard cameras , the programme taps into the pressures commuters are under .
in one segment , a middle-aged gentleman , smartly dressed in red trousers , a shirt and v-necked pullover , comes to blows with a cyclist .
shock : using footage filmed on helmet-mounted and dashboard cameras , used to film this shot pictured , the programme taps into the pressures commuters are under .
with the cyclist sprawling on the ground , the enraged driver lifts the bicycle over his head and brings it crashing down on his opponent 's body .
the programme conducts an experiment , in which two cyclists swap modes of transport with a london cabbie and a white van man , to try to understand the causes of road rage .
cycle courier nick swinden , 37 , from archway , london , who features in the