by .
helen collis .
published : .
12:04 est , 7 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:31 est , 7 october 2013 .
tourists who have escaped to venice for a final summer romantic break have had to swap their sandals for wellies as the city is hit with an early seasonal high tide .
partly engulfed by the high waters , some of the city 's most iconic and romantic sites have become underwater obstacle courses for visitors .
holding suitcases high and dry over their heads , buying emergency pairs of wellington boots and wading through the knee-deep water , some tourists took the challenge in their stride while others seemed less impressed .
coping : tourists in venice 's st mark 's square were forced to go barefoot as the water level rose unusually high for this time of year .
closed up : shops were closed and only the bravest visitors ventured out into the flooded streets as the tide engulfed parts of the city .
locals , wearing full dry-suits and prepared for the seasonal flooding , looked un-phased by the unusually high tide , going about their normal day but surrounded by water .
the high water , known as ` acqua alta ' , usually happens between autumn and spring , but appears to have arrived early this year .
the unusually high tides occur for a number of reasons , but primarily because of the addition of certain weather conditions coupled with the astronomical high tide caused by the alignment of the sun , moon and other planets .
fascinated : this tourist seemed entertained by he high water level in the city , caused by a combination of astronomical tides , weather systems and adriatic tides .
some seemed to take the event in their stride while others looked less impressed with the challenge .
dampener : the bad weather and unseasonably early acqua alta may have put a dampener on those hoping to grab a late summer romantic break .
low pressure systems in the tyrrhenian sea , to the west of italy , and strong southerly winds , known as scirocco , are both causes for concern when tides are high during the winter months .
the adriatic sea also has it 's own oscillating tide , known as the ` adriatic seiche ' .