by .
toby harnden in danville , kentucky .
published : .
07:54 est , 11 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
15:38 est , 11 october 2012 .
paul ryan hopes to deliver a knockout blow to president barack obama 's hopes of re-election tonight against joe biden who expects to come at him ` like a cannonball ' .
paul ryan has been taking time out from his workouts to prepare assiduously for tonight 's vice-presidential debate in danville , kentucky with both camps predicting a muscular showdown between the two campaign attack dogs .
if the pictures in the next edition of time magazine of the vice-presidential candidate working out last year are anything to go by , he 's at least in physical shape for the showdown .
tough guy : paul ryan , pictured here demonstrating his workout technique last year , is hoping to deliver a knockout blow to obama 's re-election hopes tonight .
photo credit : gregg segal for time .
ryan said this week he expects biden to come swinging for him from the off after obama 's disastrous presidential debate last week : ` what was wrong with obama ?
i do n't know .
it was really something , ' ryan said .
` president obama was flustered .
he has a terrible record to run on .
it 's pretty indefensible as witnessed by the fact that he did n't do a very good job of defending it last night .
' ` that means the focus is going to be on joe , ' ryan said , ` and i expect the vice president to come at me like a cannonball .
he 'll be in full attack mode , and i do n't think he 'll let any inconvenient facts get in his way .
' brains and brawn : ryan is seen as the intellectual superior to biden .
photo credit : gregg segal for time .
at the same time , ryan aides have said their man will be aggressive , accusing biden of misrepresenting his record .
biden this morning joked with reporters about his strategy , saying : ` you ever see me rope-a-dope ?
' while the romney campaign has been publicly playing down the chances of representative ryan , chairman of the house budget committee , scoring a