the number of gay and bisexual characters on scripted broadcast network tv is at its highest-ever level in the season ahead , according to the gay & lesbian alliance against defamation .
the total on cable television is also going up .
the 17th-annual ` where we are on tv ' report released on friday by glaad found that 4.4 per cent of actors appearing regularly on prime-time network drama and comedy series during the 2012-13 season will portray lesbian , gay , bisexual or transgender characters .
this is up from 2.9 per cent in 2011 , which saw a dip in what had been a growing annual trend .
the study reviewed 97 scripted tv programs scheduled to air in the upcoming season on the broadcast networks , counting a total of 701 series regular characters .
the study found that 31 of them are lgbt characters .
number one : abc feature more lgbt characters than any other network .
abc 's ` modern family ' -lrb- pictured : the cast at the emmys in september -rrb- showcases the evolution of the american family and features a gay couple .
abc has the highest amount with 10 out of 194 , or 5.2 per cent , of their regular characters identified as lgbt .
after leading last year , fox ranks second with six lgbt characters out of 118 total series regulars , or 5.1 percent .
cbs was saluted as the most-improved network , with four out of 142 lgbt series regulars , or 2.8 percent , up from 0.7 percent last year .
among cbs 's new fall series is ` partners , ' a comedy about two childhood friends and business partners , one of whom is gay and in a relationship .
the network 's lineup represents ` an authentic and conscious effort by cbs to improve its diversity , ' the study said .
regular gay and lesbian characters on what the study termed ` mainstream ' cable television has also risen this season to 35 , up from 29 last season .
most inclusive : for cable , hbo 's ` true blood ' was ranked number one given it features six lgbt characters -lrb- pictured : actors michael mcmillian , left , and denis o'hare in a scene from ` true blood ' -rrb- .
among those networks , showtime