by .
barbara jones .
published : .
19:06 est , 7 july 2012 .
| .
updated : .
08:39 est , 8 july 2012 .
a huge turnout of voters was reported all over libya yesterday in the country 's first free national elections for more than 40 years .
jubilant crowds in the capital tripoli formed long queues at polling stations , with many voters dressed in the green , black and red of post-gaddafi libya .
some carried flags and balloons , while others were in tears as they spoke of the bloody price the country had paid to achieve liberation .
` this is the best moment of my life , ' said student esra el-ani , 18 .
` but my brothers died to get us to this day .
now it is our duty to start building libya into the greatest country in the world .
' change : women queue to cast their vote in tripoli yesterday .
old men in their sunday best talked of the historic meaning of a day when they could choose their next government .
one candidate standing as an independent , dr mustufa abourkhis , said : ` this is unbelievable , just to stand here and be able to cast a vote for the people we want to run our country .
i do n't even care if i win a place or not .
' an impressive 80 per cent of those eligible to vote had registered -- 2.8 million out of libya 's 6.5 million population .
but the orderliness of tripoli 's 30 polling stations and an eerie calm in the city as it sweltered in 38c heat , gave the lie to chaos elsewhere in the country .
fears of threats from illegal militias and calls for an election boycott marred the process by which a 200-seat general national congress will elect a prime minister and cabinet and form a body to draft a new constitution .
in the restive east of libya , a growing number of armed militias have set up fortified compounds where they operate outside of the law , several of them declaring themselves martyrs and followers of religious fundamentalists .
hope : a young benghazi boy wears the red , black and green of post-gaddafi libya .
in the event of election results displeasing them ,