nearly half of gordon brown 's former downing street aides are working for charities and think-tanks through which they are accused of mounting a guerilla war against the tories .
eleven of the 25 special advisers who worked for mr brown in 2009 when he was prime minister have taken roles at the organisations , claimed to be used as vehicles for a pro-labour agenda .
charities are banned by law from supporting or funding political parties , but in 2008 mr brown changed the rules so they could join political campaigns .
charities are banned by law from supporting or funding political parties , but in 2008 gordon brown -lrb- above -rrb- changed the rules so they could join political campaigns .
tories say labour supporters are using the charities to run campaigns critical of the government that could help ed miliband get into downing street .
the list of mr brown 's former aides now in the charity sector includes justin forsyth , the chief executive of save the children , and brendan cox , the charity 's director of policy and advocacy .
save the children was criticised two years ago after it launched an appeal to help uk children for the first time .
tories said it was a political move against the coalition .
gavin kelly , who was mr brown 's deputy chief of staff , now heads the resolution foundation , which aims to improve living standards for low to middle-income families .
he writes a blog that has regularly criticised the coalition 's policies .
gordon brown 's former media adviser damian mcbride was head of media at the catholic charity cafod .
mr brown 's former media adviser damian mcbride was head of media at the catholic charity cafod , before leaving this year .
the charity commission is looking into links between labour and the institute of public policy research , a think-tank run by nick pearce , who was head of the policy unit at no 10 .
the ippr has run nine ` co-ordinated events ' with labour and rachel reeves , shadow work and pensions secretary , suggested it was developing policy .
other charities headed by former labour figures include citizens advice and the nspcc .
mike dixon , the assistant chief executive of citizens advice , worked in the prime minister 's strategy unit under