clayton pettet , 19 , said he will have gay sex for the first time in a gallery for a project entitled ` art school stole my virginity ' a gay art student has sparked outrage over plans to lose his virginity in front of a crowd of 100 people - in the name of art .
clayton pettet , 19 , said he will have gay sex for the first time in a gallery for a project entitled ` art school stole my virginity ' .
he said his ` performance art project ' - followed by a question and answer session - will challenge the idea of sexuality .
he is planning for his first full sexual encounter is set to take place before an audience of between 50 and 100 in a space in hackney , london .
clayton and his partner will have protected sex and then ask the audience what they thought of the performance .
clayton , who has been planning the event for three years , said : ` the key thing about performance art is that it should only be performed once , and this is the ultimate once-in-a-lifetime performance .
` i 've held on to my virginity for 19 years , and i 'm not throwing it away lightly .
` basically it 's like i am losing the stigma around virginity .
' i want the audience to see if anything has changed between me and my partner .
` since culturally we do hold quite a lot of value to the idea of virginity i have decided to use mine and the loss of it to create a piece that i think will stimulate interesting debate and questions regarding the subject .
' clayton has not told his parents about the project , but has informed tutors at the prestigious university .
but the .
second-year student at central saint martins art school in london has .
been accused of cheapening sex and art with the stunt , which will take place .
on january 25 next year .
clayton pettet said his ` performance art project ' - followed by a question and answer session - will challenge the idea of sexuality .
the lesbian and gay christian .
movement reckon the project is not art and cheapens the special .
relationship of sex between loving partners