a 24-year-old male baby sitter from florida was arrested in california friday , eight days after the death of a baby boy who was in his charge .
joseph lamay was wanted for questioning in connection to the sudden passing of 4-month-old lorenzo hernandez september 26 , but police say at this point he is not a suspect .
lamay , who has an extensive criminal record , was taken into custody on a probation violation .
investigators in palm bay , florida , will determine if the male nanny will face charges in the infant 's death .
scroll down for video .
person of interest : joseph lamay -lrb- left -rrb- , 24 , was arrested in california for questioning more than a week after his girlfriend 's baby , lorenzo hernandez -lrb- right -rrb- , died while in his care in florida .
distress call : police responded to this apartment complex in palm bay after getting a call from lamay telling them that a baby in his care was not breathing after rolling off a couch .
police responded to an apartment complex in palm bay at around 1am september 26 after getting a call about a child in distress , clickorlando reported .
baby lorenzo was rushed to health first holmes regional medical center , where he passed away a short time later .
according to detectives , lamay was babysitting lorenzo , his girlfriend chastity cintron 's son , and was the only person in the infant 's presence after the child 's biological father tucked him in at around 10.30 pm .
sometime after midnight , lamay called 911 saying that the baby in his care was not breathing after hitting his head in a fall from a couch , according to wesh-tv .
after the boy 's death , lamay was interviewed by police and let go .
he was described as being cooperative at the time .
cross-country trip : lamay boarded a bus in palm bay , florida , and made the 2,500-mile cross-country trip to garden grove , california .
last photo : chastity cintron , lorenzo 's mother , posted his final photo on facebook -lrb- left -rrb- , mourning her son .
heartbroken : lorenzo 's mother , chastity cintron , and his grandfather , frank cintron , are comforting each other after making a plea for