by .
emily sheridan and sarah bull .
last updated at 8:18 am on 13th september 2011 .
david walliams finally reached westminster this evening after an epic 140-mile swim of the thames .
the little britain star , 40 , was greeted by his wife lara stone , celebrity friends , relatives and hundreds of fans as he climbed up the steps in front of the former county hall building on the south bank .
exhausted and achy , the comedian said he was ` ok , a bit tired ' after his challenging journey over the past eight days .
triumphant : david walliams celebrates swimming 140 miles of the river thames as he arrives on the south bank at westminster .
the comedian was met by friends barbara windsor , miranda hart and lenny henry as he heard he had raised more than # 1.1 million for sport relief .
talking to the one show about 45 minutes after his ascent from the river , he said : ' i feel incredible relief .
i 'm a bit over swimming ... i feel like i 've done enough for a lifetime .
' amid widespread congratulations from everyone around him , walliams played down his achievement : ` it was just swimming .
it was just putting one arm in front of the other ... just swimming .
' although incredibly shattered following his epic journey , no doubt the adrenaline had kicked in giving walliams the energy to celebrate as he was showered with ticker tape .
just a few more strokes ... walliams just metres away from the finish line .
i 'm a celebrity ... get me out of here !
the exhausted comedian is helped out of the water on the steps at the former county hall .
all i want is a shandy and my bed : walliams said he would have a quiet celebration sleeping after his epic journey .
despite battling a .
bout of ` thames tummy ' , a painful rash where his wetsuit rubbed and .
aching muscles , walliams has n't let anything stop him completing the .
challenge , which saw him swimming over 110,000 strokes .
reflecting on his journey , he said : .
` there was a lot against me at the beginning and the water was a lot .
colder because