with all of the hype around grand theft auto at the moment , it 's easy to forget the other huge titles just around the corner .
all except one ... metal gear solid v. metal gear solid v is composed of both ground zeroes and the phantom pain .
ground zeroes takes place after the events of the previous peace walker .
game - acting as a prologue to the phantom pain.this , in turn , takes place nine years after the big boss falls .
into a coma .
just around the corner : snake - voiced by 24 actor kiefer sutherland - plans his attack .
powered by kojima-productions ' fox engine , the game follows big boss .
and mcdonnell miller investigating an organisation called the xof -- who are responsible .
for destroying the mother base .
although the gameplay trailer initially looked beyond .
current .
generation hardware , the fox engine is capable of running on both xbox .
and ps3 .
the 2014 incarnation of pro evolution soccer , for example , runs on a scaled-down version of fox .
it has been confirmed that the game will run at 60 frames-per-second on next-gen hardware , and 30 fps on current gen. assassin 's creed : black flag also follows this model .
although details are being kept under wraps , metal gear creator hideo kojima has .
described the phantom pain as an open world game -- giving the player more .
choice than ever before .
there is rumoured to be a base-building feature - as in peace walker , that can be accessed via your smartphone , while a dynamic day-night cycle helps reinforce the feeling of time passing when traversing the huge map .
on the run : animation has been overhauled thanks to the power of the fox engine .
there are new ways to travel , too , for example taking planes , helicopters and motorcycles , while missions can be undertaken in different orders , subsequently affecting the story but ultimately arriving at a similar conclusion at the end of the game .
fan-favourite david hayter will not be featuring in the games .
speaking to the website gamestrailers , kojima did n't involve hayter because he wants to create a ` completely new type of metal gear game ' .
he is replaced by