he is the latest object of female lust from caithness to cornwall -- a heartbroken hero who is all brooding desire and smouldering good looks .
and aidan turner , the new ross poldark , certainly has plenty of tumultuous romantic experiences to draw on .
perhaps , given his good looks , a rather swashbuckling love life is to be expected : gossips in dublin insist that he was once -- when between serious girlfriends -- seen leaving a nightclub in the city with no fewer than three attentive females in tow .
scroll down for video .
aidan turner is seen here with girlfriend of three years , sarah greene , who is also an actress and starred in adam jones with bradley cooper last year .
he has had four serious romances to date , breaking the heart of one gorgeous actress and being thrown over by another .
his first girlfriend was actress india whisker , a pretty blonde whom he met in 2004 while at drama school in dublin .
she was followed by another actress , brunette charlene mckenna .
they lived together in camden , north london , from 2007 to 2009 .
she told an interviewer how happy they were together .
but within a few weeks they split , and she was apparently devastated .
turner then fell for lenora crichlow , his co-star in the tv series being human -- from 2009 he played a vampire and she a ghost .
then in 2011 , he and lenora parted ways and he decided to quit the series while she stayed on .
it seems that this was a source of great heartbreak for him .
he said this week : ` i do n't know anyone on this planet who has n't had their heart broken .
it 's happened to me .
love is love , it 's the purest and rawest thing we have in life .
' aidan turner was also romantically involved with charlene mckenna -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
they shared a flat together in camden , north london from 2007 to 2009 .
the following year he started to date the irish actress sarah greene .
she was nominated for a tony award for her performance on broadway opposite daniel radcliffe in the cripple of inishmaan , and last year starred in the film adam