wales is currently discussing a ` strike ' which would black out wikipedia in protest against the stop online piracy act in america - a bill that critics allege would penalise sites such as wikipedia where users are free to publish what they want .
wikipedia co-founder jimmy wales has threatened a ` strike ' where the entire english-language site would be turned off as a protest against an anti-piracy bill currently under discussion in the u.s. .
the site is used by an estimated 365 million readers worldwide , and is ranked sixth overall on earth .
writing on his private wikipedia blog , wales said , ' a global strike of at least the english wikipedia would put the maximum .
pressure on the us government .
` at the same time , it 's of course a very .
very big deal to do something like this , it is unprecedented for english .
wikipedia .
' the threatened ` strike ' - which would black out wikipedia in english and possibly other languages - is in response to the stop online piracy act , which is currently before the house judiciary committee .
opponents of the bill - designed to protect copyright online - allege that it takes a ` guilty until proven innocent approach ' .
sites such as wikipedia , where content can be published by any user , are alleged to be at risk .
the activist group electronic frontier foundation said , ` at a minimum , this means that any service that hosts user generated content is going to be under enormous pressure to actively monitor and filter that content .
' ` that 's a huge burden , and worse for services that are just getting started -- the youtubes of tomorrow that are generating jobs today .
' at present , mr wales 's proposed ` strike ' has been put up for discussion on the site .
there are hundreds of comments from site insiders , most of which ` firmly support ' the action .
` this bill is a threat to the internet , and must be stopped , ' says one .
in italy , wikipedia took down almost the entire site in response to a law that would have made it a criminal offence to publish the results of police wire taps .
the