a michelin star chef and protégé of heston blumenthal has been hired by lidl as the discount supermarket chases the ` bmw classes ' .
kevin love , who was formerly the head chef at the multi-award winning hinds head pub in bray , berkshire , will help the budget chain source gourmet ingredients .
the role as ` chef in residence at lidl ' will see him going head to head with his former mentor , who has had a long-term partnership with the upmarket chain waitrose .
scroll down for video .
kevin love -lrb- left -rrb- will go head to head with his former mentor heston blumenthal -lrb- right -rrb- .
the 38-year-old star chef will also feature in the chain 's commercials , help develop ` deluxe ' range products with ` a few cheffy twists ' and offer recipe and cooking tips .
the move is the latest effort by lidl to attract middle britain shoppers who want good food but something different -- and cheaper -- than the mainstream supermarkets .
this has involved pushing a range of ` deluxe ' foods , including stilton , hereford fillet steaks and mussel & smoked salmon chowder , which have beaten the best of the high street in blind taste tests .
heston blumenthal has had a long relationship with waitrose to create luxury meals .
lidl is chasing the customers of its upmarket rivals , the so-called ` bmw classes ' it has also won over wealthy shoppers with fine french wines at budget prices that have picked up gold medals in international competitions .
the company 's current adverts are based around the theme of ` lidl surprises ' , where ordinary people are given fine food on a market stall only to be surprised that it comes from the discount store .
its christmas tv campaign took up the theme with diners enjoying a fabulous festive spread only to be told at the end that all the food and drink came from lidl .
the first tv advert featuring the chef shows him cooking meals in a north london gastro pub , before wowing shocked customers by revealing the cheap cost of the lidl-sourced ingredients .
his role will involve sourcing produce that will be stocked in lidl 's more than 600 stores in the uk and working on food development .
in