files shedding new light on marilyn monroe 's last night alive and her relationships with president john f kennedy and his younger brother bobby have emerged 51 years after her death .
documents belonging to the late fred otash , one of hollywood 's most notorious private detectives , were uncovered by his daughter colleen after being found in a suburban storage unit .
according to otash , who died in 1992 , monroe had a sexual relationship with the brothers and complained about being ` passed around like a piece of meat ' .
` passed around ' : president john f kennedy and his brother bobby -lrb- left -rrb- with marilyn monroe .
otash , who had installed bugging devices in her los angeles home , has long been derided by kennedy admirers for his claims to have listened to a tape of monroe and jfk in bed together .
but the notes published by the hollywood .
reporter magazine last week contained a detailed account of his bugging .
activities and what he heard .
shortly before his death , he told an .
interviewer : ` they were having a sexual relationship ... but i do n't .
want to get into the moans and groans .
' and in his notes , otash claimed : ' i listened to marilyn monroe die .
' he recorded that on august .
5 1962 , she had a violent argument with the kennedys and that she felt .
that she had been ` passed around like a piece of meat ' .
the notes read : ` she was really screaming and they were trying to quiet her down .
` she 's in the bedroom and bobby gets .
the pillow and he muffles her on the bed to keep the neighbors from .
hearing .
she finally quieted down and then he was looking to get out of .
there .
' otash only found out she had died later on .
notorious : private detective fred otash -lrb- right -rrb- on the stand before a state legislative committee in los angeles about photographs he ordered several of his employees to take of actress anita ekberg .
marilyn monroe singing happy birthday to the president at madison square gardens , in new york , in may 1962 , shortly before she died .
at that