` he asked me if i had played for barcelona and when i said yes , he shook his head as if in disbelief and said , `` well , that was n't barcelona football '' .
' that 's mark hughes reflecting on a unsavoury spat with cesc fabregas in 2007 after the welshman 's blackburn side had parked the proverbial bus and ruffled a few feathers in the arsenal ranks on the way to a 0-0 draw at emirates stadium .
and then there 's this from february 2014 when barcelona travelled to manchester city in the champions league , a match won comfortably by the catalans with fabregas operating as a false no 9 .
below par : fabregas has struggled to win over the barcelona fans since his move .
` some people were talking a bit too much before the game and now they have to shut up for a few days , ' fabregas told itv .
the dig aimed squarely at jose mourinho who had earlier referred claimed the team travelling to manchester were the worst barcelona for many years .
the very idea then that the summer 's biggest transfer could well involve spanish football 's prodigal son and the beautiful game 's bête noire seems deeply uncomfortable , not least to arsenal fans .
to the rest of the world , having barcelona on your cv would be considered a high point .
to mourinho , it seems the spell as ` the translator ' he spent under the tutelage of the late , great sir bobby robson is a blot against his copybook of footballing ideals .
these two are n't just unrealistic bed-fellows , the argument could be made that they do n't play the same sport .
spot on : fabregas was a vital part of the arsenal team before leaving in 2007 .
it 's been argued that fabregas ' shortcomings in spain are due to the fact his much-fabled ` dna ' had changed .
he was certainly a more developed player physically than his colleagues , relying a blustering will to burst into spaces and exploit whatever tiny gaps could be found by the movement of those around him .
however , touting him as a replacement for frank lampard seems wide of the mark .
the englishman was a master of timing without the