the expenses cheat congressman who decorated his office in the style of downton abbey has compared himself to abraham lincoln as he finally quit office .
aaron schock predicted in his farewell address on thursday that like another republican representative from illinois who once held his seat , he would ultimately persevere .
schock said he would leave capitol hill with ` sadness and humility ' , but he knows that ` god has a plan for ' everyone .
he offered no apology to other members of congress , his constituents or taxpayers for a litany of lavish claims .
schock 's downfall came after a washington post reporter discovered that he had redecorated his office in the style of acclaimed british television show downton abbey to the tune of $ 40,000 , paid for by the taxpayer .
details of more lavish spending , including taking a private jet to chicago for an nfl match - then billing it as ` software ' scroll down for video .
shamed : congressman aaron schock was revealed to be a lavish spender and offered a valedictory speech today which contained no apology but compared him to lincoln .
` good luck tonight ' : schock tweeted this instagram selfie with singer ariana grande , 21 , before the american music awards in november .
iphone at the ready for his holiness : schock posted online a photo of him greeting pope francis in january on the 70th anniversary of the liberation of the auschwitz-birkenau death camp .
another trip saw him take a group of 20 , including several interns to new york for a katy perry concert at a cost of $ 10,000 .
it was one of a series of celebrity events he attended and which were posted on his instagram , featuring arianna grande and even pope francis .
it was billed by schock as a ` very legitimate trip ' as it coincided with a visit to the city by indian prime minister narendra modi .
he then posted a picture of himself with the indian leader .
the final blow was when politico discovered that schock had wrongly reported and been reimbursed for mileage on his personal vehicle - bought at taxpayers ' expense .
but he acknowledged nothing of that in his speech , instead using it to say he was going through `