president obama opened his heart about the newtown shooting massacre today , candidly telling nbc 's ` meet the press ' during a televised morning interview that the tragedy represented the , ` worst day of my presidency .
' ` the question -lrb- sic -rrb- becomes whether we are actually shook up enough by what happened here that it does not just become another one of these routine episodes where it gets a lot of attention for a couple of weeks and then drifts away , ' the president told host , david gregory .
` it certainly wo n't feel like that to me .
` this is something that , you know , that was the worst day of my presidency .
and it 's not something that i want to see repeated .
' obama referenced an iconic oval office .
predecessor who also confronted entrenched and accepted traditions that .
many felt had to change in the interest of the public good .
president obama appeared on ` meet the press ' this morning to discuss his plans for gun control across the united states in the wake of the sandy hook elementary school massacre .
obama book ended his revelation with vows to put his ` full weight ' behind the push for new .
gun control legislation aimed at avoiding another massacre of the like .
that robbed 20 first graders ' - and six adults - of the their lives at sandy hook elementary school in newtown , connecticut on dec. 14 .
` it is not enough for us to say , ` this is too hard so we 're not going to try , ' obama said .
` so what i .
intend to do is i will call all the stakeholders together .
i will meet .
with republicans .
i will meet with democrats .
i will talk to anybody .
' when gregory expressed skepticism he could galvanize americans on the the issue of gun control , obama referenced an iconic oval office predecessor who also confronted entrenched and accepted traditions that many felt had to change in the interest of the public good .
` this is not going to be simply a matter of me spending political capital , ' obama said .
` one of the things you learn , having now been