a new hampshire marine who was barred from wearing his uniform for his high school graduation last june has been killed by a roadside bomb .
lance corporal brandon garabrant , who signed up for the forces immediately after finishing his studies , was one of three u.s. service members killed in afghanistan on friday morning .
the community where the 19-year-old grew up were saddened by his death , and a flag was at half mast outside the fire station he volunteered at .
proud to serve : lance corporal brandon garabrant , a 19-year-old marine , was killed by a roadside bomb in afghanistan on friday .
garabrant had been so proud of making it into the marines that he made headlines last year after trying to wear his uniform to his high school graduation .
his peterborough school denied his request , telling the teenager that he would have to wear his cap and gown over the newly acquired uniform .
the principal , brian pickering , this week praised his former student and said the school community was upset to hear that garabrant had died .
` we are all shocked and deeply saddened by his passing and we are incredibly grateful for his service to our country , ' pickering told wmur9 .
garabrant 's untimely death struck a chord with many in his new hampshire community .
several had already backed the young man 's dedication to the forces after his plea to graduate in his uniform .
hero : as well as serving in the marines , garabrant worked as a volunteer firefighter .
protect : u.s. troops secure an area near the pakistan-afghan border on thursday after a different attack on nato supply trucks .
garabrant had been serving as part of a nato force in a different part of the country .
at the time of the high school celebration last june , he had just completed his training at a south carolina camp .
several shops around the school showed their support for his request to wear the uniform , and put signs up calling for the school to change its rules .
his mother , jesse garabrant , said at the time : ` i 'm overwhelmed with the support of the community .
it 's just wonderful .
' as well as being a dedicated marine , garabrant