by .
daily mail reporter , associated press and reuters reporter .
published : .
12:09 est , 7 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:09 est , 7 february 2013 .
cooperating : lance armstrong may testify in hopes of ending his lifetime ban from cycling .
lance armstrong may spill all the details of his cheating career to anti-doping officials in a possible bid to compete on his bike again .
the u.s. anti-doping agency -lrb- usada -rrb- says that armstrong has asked for an extension on a deadline to testify about his cheating in the sport as he won seven tour de france titles .
the deadline was imposed by usada in an effort to have armstrong confess about how he was able to keep doping and his use of performance-enhancing drugs a secret for so long .
in a statement on the agency 's website , the agency ceo travis tygart said : ` we have been in communication with mr. armstrong and his representatives and we understand that he does want to be part of the solution and assist in the effort to clean up the sport of cycling .
` we have agreed to his request for an additional two weeks to work on details to hopefully allow for this to happen .
' the move to testify is a complete turnaround for the cyclist , who has previously said he would only talk to world anti-doping agency officials in favor of usada .
in a testy exchange of letters and .
statements revealing the rift between the two sides , usada urged .
armstrong to testify under oath .
armstrong 's attorneys responded that .
the cyclist would rather take his information where it could do more .
good - namely to cycling 's governing body and world anti-doping agency .
officials .
usada 's response to that : ` the time for excuses is over .
' a little help : armstrong celebrates after winning the 15th stage of the tour de france in 2003 - one of the years that he admitted to cheating .
confession : armstrong admitted to oprah winfrey that his seven tour de france titles were won with the help of performance-enhancing drugs , but he denied that he used them for his 2009 comeback .
the letters underscore the continuing .
feud between armstrong