parts of southern britain were spoiled with beautiful sunshine today - but not after thick fog caused early-morning havoc to aeroplane passengers .
much of the south was blanketed in fog this morning with flights delayed as visibility dropped to less than 350ft in places .
some of the worst conditions were in kent , with other parts of south-east england , london , east anglia and the east midlands also affected .
scroll down for video .
on the beach : this young woman enjoyed sunbathing in brighton , east sussex , today as temperatures were forecast to hit 24c in britain .
watching the waves : a woman enjoys the warm weather today on boscombe beach in bournemouth , dorset .
horses from the king 's troop royal horse artillery take a break from official duties and gallop along the waters edge in devon .
two of the 30 soldiers in the king 's troop royal horse artillery share a high-five after racing along the devon beach and taking their steads for a well-deserved swim .
louis hargreaves , three , has a great time splashing in the sea in woolacombe , devon -lrb- left -rrb- , while a man practises his handstands on surf boards in bournemouth -lrb- right -rrb- .
in the water : a kite surfer takes advantage of the surprisingly warm weather and gentle breeze on bournemouth 's boscombe beach .
farmers work in the last of the day 's sun to harvest onions in somerset as dark clouds appear overhead .
earlier today : a british airways aeroplane lands at london heathrow airport as much of southern england was blanketed in thick fog , with flights delayed .
terminal : planes taxi at london heathrow airport as much of southern england was blanketed in thick fog with visibility dipping to less than 350ft in places .
but by lunchtime , sunseekers were .
flocking to beaches including bournemouth and brighton as temperatures .
were forecast to hit 24c -lrb- 75f -rrb- in london .
and .
the weather is set to get even better over the next few days , with the .
mercury possibly reaching 26c -lrb- 79f -rrb- later in the week .
earlier , .
heathrow and gatwick flights were operating normally but there were a .
number of delays , cancellations and diversions at london city airport .
air