from public urination to streaking and night-time fistfights , paul ghysels has seen it all while living in a house sandwiched between two uc berkeley fraternities .
ghysels , 61 , a vietnam war veteran and retired chicago firefighter , purchased more than $ 60,000 worth of surveillance equipment in hopes of warding off his neighbors ' bad behavior , but to no avail .
` i have video of them throwing 1.75-liter glass bottles of vodka off their tower , at the front door of our house , ' he said .
scroll down for video .
neighbors from hell : paul ghysels , 61 , a retired firefighter and vietnam vet , has been locked in a battle with several fraternities in berkeley , which he says had turned his life into his life a living nightmare .
too close for comfort : ghysels ' home on durant avenue -lrb- left -rrb- is located next door to the chi phi fraternity .
for years , mr ghysels has been fighting a war of attrition against inconsiderate college students living on the edge of berkeley 's infamous frat row .
ghysels moved from chicago to berkeley in 1988 and settled in his wife 's old family home on durant avenue that once belonged to her grandmother .
at first , the couple and their young neighbors got along fine .
` we were invited to the fraternities for their monday night lobster and steak dinners , and i did many things for the fraternities , ' the retired firefighter told abc 's 20/20 in an episode that airs tonight at 10pm .
but with the advent of cell phones and social media , things quickly spiraled out of control in the neighborhood jam-packed with fraternities and sororities , which were now drawing hundreds of people to their parties every weekend .
anyone familiar with the plot of the 2014 comedy neighbors starring seth rogen and zac efron can guess what happened when , much like rogen 's character in the movie , mr ghysels started complaining about the loud noise and inappropriate conduct of rowdy college kids .
in the flesh : surveillance cameras installed by ghysels on his property captured two young men running naked down the street from one of the frat houses nearby .
bottoms up : another recording shows a young woman coming out of