you will never want to take the stairs or lift again after taking a whirl on this slide that will make you feel like a kid again .
with an eye toward catering to customers ' every need , a luxury bunkhouse in south wales has installed an indoor slide as an alternative to the stairs .
guests can make a speedy exit from the huge sofas on the top level down to the ground level , adding a playful twist to the average group holiday .
indoor playground : wye valley canoe centre has installed a slide between the two levels of its bunkhouse .
the floor-to-floor tubular slide has been a hit with guests since it was added to the contemporary bunkhouse at the wye valley canoe centre at glasbury .
owner jane hughes said : ` a customer asked me if i was going to have a slide in it and , well , that was it .
an imaginative local playground designer contacted a german company who made it for us .
` it is primarily a space for adults to chill , to lounge on enormous sofas or flop into bean bags and whoosh down the slide .
i love it and i think everyone else does too .
' located on the river wye in the brecon beacons mountain range , the bunkhouse is a converted chapel located next to the wye valley canoe centre 's river café , where visitors can hire canoes , kayaks , mountain bikes , tandems and vespas .
feel like a kid again : the slide has been a hit with guests since it was added to the bunkhouse .
with enough room for 20 people , the bunkhouse is ideal for family gatherings or hen or stag parties .
the bunkhouse is a converted chapel located on the river wye in the brecon beacons mountain range .
with enough room for 20 people , the bunkhouse opened last june and is ideal for gatherings of family or friends , work outings or hen and stag parties .
it features three bathrooms , a furnished kitchen , wood-burning stove and drying and washing facilities .
prices range from # 1,070 for a two-night weekend stay to # 2,450 for christmas and new year 's weeks .
look out below : guests can make a speedy exit from the