george osborne will announce an extra # 1billion in nhs funding next week to avert a potential winter crisis , government sources say .
the chancellor is expected to use his autumn statement to pledge the extra money , as hospital admissions soar .
lib dem health minister norman lamb has suggested extra health funding for england must be found before the general election to prevent a ` crash ' in services .
george osborne will announce the funding in order to avert a potential winter crisis , government sources say , as a&e departments warn they are at breaking point with attendance up 5 per cent on last year -lrb- file -rrb- .
several a&e departments have already warned they are at crisis point as the number of patients attending has risen , with many visiting because they can not get an appointment with their gp .
attendances are on average 5 per cent higher compared with this time last year .
last week also saw 108,301 patients admitted for emergency treatment in england -- the highest figure ever recorded .
units in scunthorpe , middlesbrough , wigan , the wirral and king 's lynn in norfolk have had to advise patients in recent weeks not to attend hospital with minor complaints .
and senior doctors have warned that if there is a particularly cold winter the nhs could fail to cope .
dr chris moulton , vice president of the college of emergency medicine , has expressed particular concern about the length of time patients are having to wait to be seen by a doctor .
earlier this week , health secretary jeremy hunt admitted he had taken his own children to a&e because he feared it would take too long to get an appointment with a gp .
a total of 108,301 patients were last week admitted for emergency treatment in england - the highest figure ever recorded - with medical chiefs saying it is because the public can not get a gp appointment -lrb- file photo -rrb- .
there are also fears some patients are being discharged from hospital too soon in an effort to free up beds , leading to return visits .
at the same time , ` bed-blocking ' is becoming an increasing problem .
figures released by nhs england yesterday said that in october , 96,564 ` bed days ' were wasted