an upcoming dance show is giving plus-sized woman the chance to show off their curvaceous figures , as well as their athletic prowess .
the production , called nothing to lose , premiered at the sydney festival in january but will open to the public on march 11 .
the show is touted as a demonstration of what an overweight body can do and features trained dancers as well as some regular actors .
scroll down for video .
an upcoming dance show called nothing to lose is giving plus-sized woman the chance to show off their curvaceous figures and aims to be a demonstration of what an overweight body can do .
brainchild of director kate champion and associate artist kelli jean drinkwater , it will run at the malthouse theatre in melbourne , australia .
the company 's artistic director , kate , teamed up with filmmaker and activist recognised internationally for her work in radical body politics , kelli , in order to explore and celebrate the movement of bigger bodies in the show .
the production premiered at the sydney festival in january but will open to the public on march 11 .
the company 's artistic director , kate champion teamed up with kelli jean drinkwater in order to explore and celebrate the movement of bigger bodies in the show .
speaking about the production , kelli said : ` when kate told me she wanted to create a new piece of dance theatre with a cast of undeniably bigger bodies i was overwhelmed .
` but the response to nothing to lose has been positive beyond our wildest expectations .
` we 've had huge amounts of interest internationally - from places as far and wide as london to hong kong to buenos aires .
` it has been overwhelming and also validating to realise that this subject really speaks to people .
' the founders say that the response to nothing to lose has been positive beyond their wildest expectations .
the founders of the production say they 've had huge amounts of interest internationally - from places as far and wide as london to hong kong to buenos aires .
in a video for the sydney festival , the choreographer recalled realising that she ` needed to find someone who lives in the bigger body ' in order to move forward with