a newborn is in critical condition after being born in a motel bathtub when his mother was on a crack cocaine binge .
chrystal a. hassell has been arrested for child neglect after she called the police to alert them that the baby boy was turning blue on friday night .
the premature baby is in critical condition and the mother is on suicide watch at the marion county jail in florida .
earlier pregnancy : when chrystal hassell was arrested on friday , police took custody of her 11-month-old son -lrb- she is pictured during that pregnancy above -rrb- and the newborn , both boys ' father is terry who is in jail .
the ocala star banner reports that the baby and his 11-month-old brother have been taken into custody by the department of children and families , and the 11-month-old has been put into foster care .
hassell , 37 , also has a 16-year-old daughter who was born addicted to drugs as a result of hassell 's drug use during her pregnancy .
she told police that she has been using the illegal substances since she was a teenager .
once she found out that she was pregnant in march - at which point doctors told her she was six or seven months along - she vowed not to smoke crack because of the baby .
that did n't last , however , and the day before the baby was born , she checked into the vacation host inn and went on a binge .
the baby was born in the bathtub and hassell used her teeth to cut the umbilical cord .
arrested : chrystal hassell -lrb- pictured -rrb- only learned that she was pregnant in march when doctors told her she was six or seven months along , and she tried not to do drugs during the pregnancy but could n't last .
suicide watch : hassell has been placed in a guarded ward and was arrested for child neglect after she called the police because her newborn was turning blue .
the baby 's father is hassell 's boyfriend vincent terry who is currently in jail as well after a warrant for attempted murder and domestic violence was issued for him stemming from an unspecified incident in el pasco county , colorado .
terry , 43 , is the father of both the