by .
emily payne .
published : .
07:18 est , 22 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:20 est , 22 february 2013 .
the number of britons with flu has almost doubled in just two weeks , experts have warned .
so far this winter flu levels have fluctuated but remained relatively low across the uk .
but new figures show that the number of people seeing their gp with symptoms has risen sharply .
an increasing number of people are seeing their gps with flu-like symptoms .
for the week ending february 3 , the rate was just under 13 per 100,000 , .
but during the week ending february 17 , this had risen to just over 22 per 100,000 .
in the latest week there were 55 people admitted to intensive care with .
confirmed flu , up from 34 the week before when there were also two .
deaths from the disease .
a total of 517 admissions have been reported across the uk since the beginning of the season along with 57 deaths .
the increase seen in england has not been mirrored in northern ireland , wales or scotland , the figures from the health protection agency showed .
the flu virus : it 's important to cover your mouth and nose when you sneeze or cough to avoid spreading germs .
calls to nhs direct about flu symptoms remained stable at 1.2 per cent of all calls .
a spokesman for the hpa said : ` flu continues to circulates in the uk .
it is vital that those who are most ` at risk ' from flu make sure they receive their vaccination as this is the most effective way of preventing them from becoming ill with the virus .
` these ` at risk ' groups include people with weakened immune systems , those with underlying conditions such as liver , lung or renal diseases , heart problems or diabetes , as well as the over 65s and pregnant women .
' the hpa also expressed the importance of helping to prevent the spread of flu by covering your nose and mouth with a tissue when you cough or sneeze , disposing of the tissue promptly and washing your hands as soon as possible .
across europe , particularly in germany , luxembourg , sweden and belgium