pope francis has declared the internet is a ` gift from god ' because it brings people from different cultures together .
in a statement about catholic church communications , pope francis said the web offers ` immense possibilities ' for differing points of view to be heard , including those that oppose or question the catholic religion .
yet added our obsession with online conversations should never be used at the detriment of having face-to-face conversations with neighbours , friends and family .
pope francis -lrb- pictured -rrb- made the claims to german altar servers in rome on tuesday .
he urged the young people not to waste ` too many hours on futile things ' , including chatting on the internet and smartphones , and watching tv soap operas .
pope francis , 77 , was elected in march last year to lead the world 's 1.2 .
billion catholics .
he was born jorge mario bergoglio in buenos aires , argentina and was one of five children .
he was named 2013 person of the year by time magazine - edging out nsa whistleblower and fugitive edward snowden into second place .
his predecessor pope benedict .
xvi was the first pontiff to join twitter .
pope francis regularly tweets in english to over three million followers , from the handle .
@pontifex .
reports claim the pope previously worked as bouncer when he was a student , and he has expressed a love of dancing .
francis is the first non-european pope since gregory iii , who was elected in 731 and was born in modern-day syria .
in his message on thursday , francis said : ' -lsb- the internet -rsb- is something truly good , a gift from god .
' he continued that it should be used like ' a balm which relieves pain and a fine wine which gladdens hearts .
' yet warned : ` the desire for digital connectivity can have the effect of isolating us from our neighbors , from those closest to us .
' the pontiff also declared the internet is a powerful tool because it lets people of various religions engage in dialogues about their faiths .
he believes it should n't be used just to preach the catholic word , but to discuss the benefits the religion has while accepting other religions may offer alternatives