world cup winner jonny wilkinson insists rugby union is no more dangerous in the professional era than it has ever been .
the 35-year-old former england fly-half suffered more than his fair share of time in the treatment room during an illustrious career which drew to a close at the end of last season .
but at the end of a week which saw national coach stuart lancaster lose back row tom johnson having already faced up to the absence of fellow forwards alex corbisiero , mako vunipola , dan cole , tom youngs and geoff parling for the autumn internationals , wilkinson is confident a greater reliance on sports science will protect players , provided they act responsibly themselves .
jonny wilkinson receives attention during england 's six nations match against italy in 2008 .
jonny wilkinson pictured with the rugby world cup in newcastle on friday .
speaking at an event in newcastle a year to the day before the city hosts its first fixture of the rugby world cup 2015 , he said : ' i do n't necessarily believe there is a great deal more injury going on now since professionalism really kicked in during the late 1990s .
` it happens .
most of it is contact injuries which ca n't be avoided .
the ones you avoid are the ones where you have got to say , ` we ca n't accept this ' .
you ca n't have guys missing seasons because they are n't being looked after properly , pulling muscles in training and those sort of things .
` there is that , but you ca n't change the fact that guys are going to get bigger .
the problem is not so much they are getting bigger , it 's that the bigger ones can run faster .
that is the issue , because that is what creates the power .
` we need to make sure that guys are well looked after .
you have got to listen to players and try to balance up this pressure to succeed all the time .
england 's jonny wilkinson kicks a penalty during extra time in the 2003 world cup final .
` that 's difficult when you have got teams that are suffering relegation issues , teams that are fighting for titles and players coming back from injury .
`