the rfu 's chief executive , ian ritchie , has ignited a storm of debate in this country and attracted global attention -- for saying england 's inability to win the rbs six nations is ` unacceptable ' .
after a fourth consecutive second place in the championship , the man in charge of the union -- and national coach stuart lancaster 's boss -- delivered a forthright verdict about the need to aim higher .
among those objecting to his views was sir clive woodward , who argued passionately in these pages that the timing was wrong and that ritchie had scored a ` massive own goal ' .
rfu chief executive ian ritchie -lrb- right -rrb- chats to lancaster at england 's base in pennyhill park in bagshot .
tom wood -lrb- left -rrb- , courtney lawes and chris robsaw leave the pitch following their 55-35 win against france .
england have claimed just one six nations title since their 2003 world cup triumph in australia .
yet what was he supposed to say in the circumstances ?
let 's be clear ; this was a damned-either-way scenario .
imagine if ritchie had declared that he found the outcome -- another campaign without silverware -- to be perfectly acceptable .
he would have been widely castigated for failing to drive standards , for setting the bar too low .
he would have been condemned for sitting on the fence and refusing to demand better .
instead , he made it plain that he and the rfu are not about to settle for title near-misses .
if it was meant as a suited boot to the behinds of the coaching staff , then it was unnecessary as they know precisely what is required .
when lancaster sat down to reflect on saturday 's 55-35 rout of france at twickenham , he wore a despondent look .
there was barely a flicker of consolation in the match result .
he is well aware that anything other than first wo n't do .
lancaster -lrb- second left -rrb- consoles his players after they fell just six points short of a six nations title .
amid a raging discussion on this polarising subject on wednesday , some observers even questioned ritchie 's right to dip a toe in these waters at all .
the thrust of the point from the dissenting voices