by .
sean poulter .
published : .
17:13 est , 13 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:14 est , 13 january 2013 .
gyms face a crackdown on rip-off rules that allow them to impose punishing charges on users who try to cancel their contracts .
thousands sign up each january because of new year resolutions to lose weight and get fit .
however , many contracts carry small-print clauses that lock customers into long-term deals -- up to 24 months -- and make it difficult to quit .
fine print : gyms face a crackdown on rip-off rules after many contracts were found to carry small-print clauses that lock customers into long-term deals - up to 24 months - and make it difficult to quit .
the office of fair trading has taken one company responsible for 700 gyms to court over unfair contract terms and put others on notice to clean up their act .
currently , a customer who loses their job a few months after joining a gym and tries to get out of their contract can be hit with penalty charges equivalent to the remaining length of the deal , which could be more than # 700 .
the oft is expected to announce that it will outlaw contracts that last longer than 12 months or do not contain a get-out clause for members who lose their job or sustain an injury .
virgin active has already responded by changing its contracts to give customers better rights to cancel .
the oft has also been looking at the small-print rules of major chains such as la fitness , fitness first and bannatyne 's .
crackdown : the office of fair trading has taken one company responsible for 700 gyms to court over unfair contract terms and put others on notice to clean up their act .
oft spokesman cavendish elithorn said : ` we are investigating a number of companies that operate fitness club chains or provide management services to gyms over concerns about unfair terms or business practices .
` these include tying consumers into lengthy terms with limited rights to cancel should their circumstances change , and using misleading debt collection practices .
' the oft 's investigation stems from a court case involving ashbourne management services , which draws up agreements and collects payments for 700 gyms .