the first pictures of a stomach-turning torture chamber where a british-born massachusetts resident planned to rape , murder and eat children have emerged .
prosecutors are pushing for would-be cannibal geoffrey portway , 40 , to be put away for 27 years after he confessed to plotting the heinous crimes .
he will be sentenced next tuesday .
photographs taken by investigators of portway 's worchester home in 2012 show an eerie staircase leading to a hidden basement room containing a ` child-sized homemade coffin , ' a steel cage , handcuffs and a set of butcher 's knives .
scroll down for video .
creepy : pictures of the stomach-turning torture chamber where british-born massachusetts resident geoffrey portway planned to rape , murder then eat children show a makeshift coffin and a cage , left .
coffin : the homemade child-size box , pictured , was soundproofed .
evidence : investigators also found handcuffs , pictured , in the horror basement torture chamber .
` portway has pled guilty to some of .
the most vile and heinous crimes known to our society , namely .
participating in the sexual exploitation of young children through the .
possession and distribution of child pornography and soliciting the .
kidnapping of a child for the purpose of killing and consuming that .
child , ' federal prosecutors wrote in court documents , obtained by the boston herald .
guilty : portway , 40 , was sentenced to 27 years on tuesday in worcester , massachusetts .
the .
sentencing papers , filed yesterday , include frightening excerpts from .
online chats portway had with like-minded child pornographers and .
potential killers , including florida puppeteer ronald brown who planned .
to kidnap children he knew through his local church .
according .
to the herald , brown went as far as to send portway a photograph of a .
young boy ` with lines drawn on him to identify the different cuts of .
meat .
' the two chatted .
about kidnapping the boy , taking him to a rented house and eating him .
over several weeks before feeding the ` leftovers ' to alligators .
brown .
has since been convicted .
in .
may , portway pleaded guilty to solicitation to kidnap a child and to .
distribution and possession of child pornography .
as a british