by .
simon tomlinson .
published : .
04:14 est , 5 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:07 est , 5 february 2013 .
footage emerged today showing south korea 's first successful satellite launch taken from a video camera fixed to the rocket as it blasted into space .
the handout video from the korea aerospace research institute -lrb- kari -rrb- showed the entire process of the rocket entering orbit and releasing the satellite .
wednesday 's launch followed two failed attempts in 2009 and 2010 to launch a civilian rocket carrying a scientific satellite .
scroll down for video .
new frontiers : south korea has released video of a satellite being released into orbit after it was successfully launched last week .
line of communication : south korea said the day after the launch the satellite had successfully made contact with the ground station .
exploring new territory : the country 's satellite technology research centre said first contact was made at 3.27.12 am on thursday , january 31 .
south korea said the day after the launch the satellite had successfully made contact with the ground station .
the country 's satellite technology research centre at the korea advanced institute of science and technology -lrb- kaist -rrb- said the first communication contact was made at 3.27.12 am on thursday .
south korea already has satellites in space which have been launched from other countries .
the launch came at a time of tension .
resulting from north korea 's announcement that it would carry out more .
rocket launches and nuclear test after it was censured by the united .
nations security council over the launch of a rocket in december .
the reclusive country declared a boycott of all dialogue aimed at ending its nuclear programme .
space race : the handout video from the korea aerospace research institute showed the entire process of the rocket entering orbit and releasing the satellite .
third time lucky : the launch followed two failed attempts in 2009 and 2010 to launch a civilian rocket carrying a scientific satellite .
lift-off : the launch came at a time of tension resulting from north korea 's announcement that it would carry out more rocket launches and nuclear test after it was censured by the united nations security council .
south korea 's u.n. ambassador said today