by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
10:16 est , 12 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:41 est , 12 january 2013 .
nineteen children were among 46 people killed in a devastating landslide that swept through a mountain village in china .
mud and rocks smothered 16 homes in the village of zhaojiagou area of gaopo village , in the south of the country , which has a population of just 468 and 73 households .
rescuers dressed in orange jumpsuits faced the grim task of pulling the dead from underneath debris and had to use heavy machinery to sift through mud and soil .
grim : dead bodies lie covered with sheets at the scene of a devastating landslide in gaopo , zhenxiong county , yunnan , china , which killed 46 people .
tragic : rescuers carry the body of a victim after the landslide in a mountainous region in southwest china 's yunnan province .
vigil : the devastating natural disaster killed 19 children .
tents were put up to house residents whose homes were swept away .
on saturday , the state-run china central television said the bodies of all victims had been recovered after a 700-strong emergency team used joined the rescue effort .
the zhenxiong government said in a statement the mudslide was caused by soil that had become heavily saturated from continuous rain and snow over the past month .
there were other factors , including the slope 's steepness , its poor soil composition and the impact from an earthquake , the government said .
a 700-strong team joined efforts to try and find survivors but all those missing have now been confirmed dead .
the village , in the south of the country , has seen almost constant rain for a month .
it is believed this was the main factor in the disaster .
rescuers had to use an escavator to sift through the mud and soil in order to find the dead .
the statement denied any direct relation between the disaster and mining activities in the area and concluded that the mudslide was a natural disaster .
mudslides occur periodically in the .
region , which is prone to earthquakes and heavy rains .
in a nearby .
county , 81 people died in an earthquake in september .
a month later