shoppers are frantically spending close to # 500,000-a-minute online today as the rush to buy christmas presents peaked on what experts call manic monday .
millions of shoppers will splurge around # 110 each on average with spending sprees expected to peak at around 7am this morning , at midday and finally around 9pm .
retailers said that manic monday - the second monday in december has overtaken cyber monday - the first monday in december - as the busiest internet shopping day in britain .
amazon said today they are ` ready to pick , pack and deliver the millions of items that will be ordered ' today with pictures showing how their giant warehouse in swansea is packed with goods and staff .
the site is a quarter of a mile long from end to end and occupies 800,000 square feet - the size of 11 football pitches - and is packed with thousands of workers .
scroll down for video .
ready for action : these are the stacked shelves of amazon 's warehouse in swansea today as shoppers prepare to spend almost # 500,000-a-minute online on christmas presents .
hard work : staff package up gifts on what experts predict will be the busiest online shopping day of 2014 where # 676million will be spent .
vast : staff walk the site picking up goods from its giant shelves .
it is a quarter of a mile long from end to end .
uk consumers are expected to spend an astonishing # 470,000 a minute on gifts - or # 676million in total today on christmas gifts for their friends and loved-ones .
cyber monday has traditionally been the most popular day to order presents but the increase in same day delivery and click and collect services mean that people have waited another week before buying because they know they will get it in time for christmas day .
analysts believe that in total # 4.7 billion will be spent on online gifts this christmas in britain and the rise of black friday , cyber monday and manic monday could kill off the traditional boxing day sales .
british retailers are expecting 151million visits to their websites , according to data firm experian and online retailing trade association imrg .
they expect online traffic to be up by 26 per cent on the same day last