the beauty queen who was born a boy wo n't be kicked out of the miss universe canada competition after all .
jenna talackova , 23 , was thrown out of the pageant , founded by donald trump , when organisers found out she had undergone surgery to become a woman .
officials denied charges of discrimination and said the reason why a male-to-female transgender contestant could not compete was because miss talackova lied on her application form .
scroll down for video .
all woman : jenna talackova , 23 , -lrb- pictured right in 2010 with miss korea , left -rrb- will now be allowed to enter miss universe canada .
however miss universe authorities have appeared to have a change of heart after claiming the young woman had been ` dishonest ' .
michael d cohen , executive vice president and special counsel to donald trump , wrote in an email to abc : ` the miss universe organization will allow jenna talackova to compete in the 2012 miss universe canada pageant provided she meets the legal gender recognition requirements of canada , and the standards established by other international competitions .
' the transgendered contestant had already successfully reached the finals in the miss vancouver pageant before she was banned from continuing in the competition .
suspicious : ms talackova was kicked out of the competition after organisers became suspicious she was not ` naturally born female ' after becoming suspicious , director denis davila questioned ms talackova , 23 , who said that , even though she written on her application that she had been born a female , that was not the case .
` we have to have the facts straight .
there is no discrimination here at all , ' mr davila said .
` you can look at it the way she wants to look at it , but we all have to follow the same rules .
' following her expulsion from the competition , organizers faced much criticism with many fans saying that they were blatantly discriminatory .
over 20,000 people signed a virtual petition on change.org calling for organizers to reverse their decision .
the .
original decision from the miss universe canada pageant sparked outrage with people calling for jenna to be .
reinstated into the contest .
people took to social media pages to express their