by .
rob waugh .
published : .
10:48 est , 6 july 2012 .
| .
updated : .
10:48 est , 6 july 2012 .
double-star systems - like tattooine in star wars - are surprisingly common - but scientists have found some that break the laws of physics .
the twin red dwarf stars in four systems recently detected orbit round one another in tight circles that should not be possible - instead , the stars should ` mash together ' into one larger star .
dr bas nefs , of the leiden observatory in the netherlands , said : ` to our complete surprise , we found .
` it means that we have to rethink how these close in binaries form and evolve .
' the twin red dwarf stars in the four systems orbit round one another in tight circles that should not be possible - instead , the stars should ` mash together ' into one .
the ` red dwarfs ' , which are up to ten times smaller and a thousand times less bright than the sun , are the fastest moving such stellar partners in the milky way .
it was always believed if binary stars form too close to each other , they would quickly mush together into one single , bigger one .
this was in line with many observations taken over the last three decades showing the abundant population of stellar binaries , but none with orbital periods shorter than five hours .
his team used the united kingdom infrared telescope -lrb- ukirt -rrb- on hawaii to track the red dwarfs which are described in monthly notices of the royal astronomical society .
about half the stars in the galaxy are , unlike our sun , part of a binary system in which two stars orbit each other .
most likely , these were formed close together and have been in orbit around each other from birth onwards .
a simplified diagram showing the sizes of stars .
80 % of stars in our milky way galaxy are red dwarf stars .
although they form the most common type of star in the milky way , red dwarfs do not show up in normal surveys because of their dimness in visible light .
for the last five years , ukirt has been monitoring the brightness of hundreds