by .
james chapman .
published : .
20:25 est , 18 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
20:26 est , 18 march 2013 .
the prime minister sent oliver letwin as the only conservative representative at late-night talks on the new press regulation deal -- unaware that campaign group hacked off would also be present .
cabinet office minister mr letwin agreed to go to labour leader ed miliband 's offices in the house of commons late on sunday to rubber stamp a royal charter deal .
what downing street did not know was that four senior officials from hacked off , the campaign group fronting demands for a press law , were there too -- including co-founder brian cathcart and former liberal democrat mp evan harris .
four senior officials from hacked off , the campaign group fronting demands for a press law , including former liberal democrat mp evan harris -lrb- centre -rrb- , were present when the royal charter deal was rubber stamped .
professor brian cathcart from the ` hacked off ' campaign was also there .
there was no one from the newspaper industry present .
there was no one from the newspaper industry , which played no part in drawing up the royal charter and only saw it for the first time when it was published at 4.30 pm yesterday .
labour politicians in attendance included mr miliband , deputy leader and media spokesman harriet harman , her special adviser ayesha hazarika , former lord chancellor lord falconer and labour chief whip rosie winterton .
liberal democrat leader nick clegg was also present for most of the discussion .
fuelled by kit kats and delivery pizza , the talks lasted until 2.30 am .
tory sources insisted mr letwin had discussed the prime minister 's ` red lines ' with him beforehand and made only ` tiny ' concessions .
downing street dismissed the idea that mr cameron had been asleep , saying he had been in touch with the cabinet office minister ` throughout the night ' and was last in contact at 3.20 am .
the prime minister then took part in a conference call with senior colleagues to discuss the deal shortly after 6am .
the prime minister sent oliver letwin as the only conservative representative at the late-night talks .
however , aides admitted he had not