by .
jennifer newton .
the makers of a film based on the scandal surrounding former international monetary fund chief dominique strauss khan claim the french establishment tried to block production .
the film , welcome to new york , sees gerard depardieu play a ` mr deveraux ' -- said to be modelled after the powerful french politician , who was once a front-runner to become the president of france .
the movie tells the story of mr deveraux , who is accused of the attempted rape of a chamber maid in a manhattan hotel room .
scroll down for film trailer .
a still from the trailer for welcome to new york , which stars gerard depardieu , centre , as mr deveraux .
gerard depardieu , left , plays mr deveraux , whose character is said to be based on that of dominique strauss khan , right .
the very adult-themed trailer offers several scenes of mr depardieu 's character engaging in orgies , having sex with prostitutes and seducing young women .
the film is said to echo the real-life story of mr strauss-kahn , who once faced accusations that he tried to rape women in both new york and paris .
however , the charges against him were dropped .
the two-hour film , which also stars nip/tuck actress jacqueline bisset as the character mr deveraux 's wife , is set to have its world premiere at midnight on friday in a private showing on the beach in cannes .
however , it has been excluded from the official programme of the cannes international film festival , which starts on wednesday .
mr depardieu , left , with nip/tuck actress jacqueline bisset , who plays the wife of mr deveraux in the new film .
vincent maraval , producer of the film says the french elite tried to block the making of the movie claining there is an ` incestuous relationship between the media and political elite ' in france .
he told the independent : ` no french tv station wanted to finance us .
` everyone warned us not to make this film , both our friends and our enemies .
' it has also been reported that mr depardieu put some of his own money into making the film , and only took a fee of 100,000 euros for playing the character