by .
daniel johnson .
david cameron 's decision to remove michael gove as education secretary is an act of folly for which our children will pay a heavy price .
gove is the one man in the cabinet who entered office with a clear vision of what he needed to change in his department and proceeded to force through his reforms against visceral resistance from the left , teachers and his own civil servants .
for four years , he has been a lightning conductor for their hatred .
now that he is to step down , the prime minister has handed a trophy to his enemies .
scroll down for video .
impact : the decision to remove michael gove is an act of folly for which our children will pay a heavy price .
will nicky morgan , gove 's successor , be able to withstand the brickbats and bullying tactics of the left ?
for the bone-idle education system bureaucrats , teachers ' union bosses and the marxist ideologues who dominate the education establishment , gove 's departure is a cause for rejoicing .
when he first took on the role , he signalled a revolution by renaming his ministry .
out went the vapid ` department for children , schools and families ' in favour of plain old ` department for education ' .
here , at last , was a conservative education secretary who was not ashamed of old-fashioned views : that children go to school to learn , not to have fun ; that classroom discipline is essential ; that knowledge is better than ignorance .
the gove revolution has been driven through with messianic zeal .
although the teaching unions have fought him tooth and nail all the way , the results of gove 's actions are already transforming the prospects of the younger generation .
it is a tragedy that the man whose courage and energy started this revolution is now to be denied the chance to finish the job .
adopted as a boy by an aberdeen family of modest means , gove has risen by his own efforts .
in the cameron cabinet of the privileged and the entitled , he was the scholarship boy who made good .
he also stands in stark contrast to his labour counterpart , the hon tristram hunt , a son of privilege