two fathers who were made famous when an instagram image of them doing their daughters ' hair in the morning went viral are hitting back at the negative and homophobic reactions to their lifestyle in a new ad campaign for nikon .
kordale lewis and his fiance kaleb , from atlanta , georgia , star alongside their three adorable children in the video , offering further insight into their ` normal ' day-to-day life - and insisting that nobody outside of their family should pass judgement on how they choose to live .
` we just want people to know that , hey , we 're normal , and you ca n't judge people on their normal , you really ca n't , ' one of the fathers says at the start of the clip .
family photo : kaleb and kordale star in a new nikon campaign with their three children , desmiray , malia , and kordale jr. .
where it all began : the fathers first hit the headlines back in january last year when they posted this picture of their morning routine on instagram .
the adoptive fathers , whose children desmiray , 8 , malia , 7 , and kordale jr. , 6 , admit that they were stunned at the response to their original instagram image , particularly as they felt it captured nothing out of the ordinary for them .
` it was a simple , innocent picture and then the next thing you know , it went viral , ' the couple explain .
` the comments were a trip .
it did n't make me feel any way , because i know they do n't know what we go through , i know they do n't know our children , i know they do n't know our lifestyle , they do n't know how we live .
' when they uploaded the now-infamous picture to their instagram account , the couple simply wanted to share with others the dedication and devotion that they show towards their children as parents .
at the time , they captioned the image : ` being fathers is getting our daughters up at 5.30 am making breakfast getting them dressed for school and putting them on the bus by 6.30 .
older sister : desmiray , 8 , is the eldest of kaleb and kordale 's