manchester united 's prolific teenage striker james wilson admits he is hoping for a first-team chance under louis van gaal after scoring four goals in the manchester senior cup final on thursday night .
wilson , 18 , was the star player as united 's under-21 side thrashed manchester city 4-1 to earn the club their second trophy of the week , following pre-season success in america .
the staffordshire youngster scored twice against hull city on his premier league debut under interim manager ryan giggs towards the end of last season and hopes van gaal gives him another chance despite leaving him out of the u.s. tour .
video scroll down to watch manchester united 's new goal machine james wilson in action .
threat : james wilson scored four goals against patrick vieira 's manchester city on thursday .
derby : the two sides clashed in the final of the manchester senior cup , manchester united won 4-1 .
` i hope i 've impressed him the gaffer , ' said wilson .
` i showed him what i can do and hopefully i can get a call-up to do it in the first-team as well .
` the manchester derby was a great event , scoring four goals and getting the win over our greatest rivals is brilliant .
they won the premier league and wanted to keep success going with the academy .
to stop them doing that is great .
' van gaal now faces a big decision whether to keep wilson at the club and use him as cover for wayne rooney and robin van persie or send him on loan to allow him regular first-team football .
championship and league one clubs would be queuing up for the no9 who showed remarkable coolness in front of goal to beat city goalkeeper angus gunn , son of former norwich city ` keeper bryan gunn , four times after city had taken the lead .
youth : james wilson and ashley smith-brown of manchester city compete for the ball last night .
in front of watching city manager manuel pellegrini , wilson turned the under-21s final in hyde on its head with clinical finishing in each half after united had fallen behind .
patrick vieira 's city youngsters took the lead in front of an impressive crowd of 3,261 when andy cole 's son devante