an israeli tourist captured the hilarious moment a group of baboons robbed a supply truck of its snacks .
the 40-second-video recorded by haim kaplan at the ngorongoro conservation area in tanzania , shows the driver of a supply truck standing next to his vehicle as a group of baboons approach .
making an attempt to scare them away -- in an entirely tongue-in-cheek way -- the man is forced to retreat as one makes a lunge at him and another jumps into the back of the truck .
the driver makes an attempt to scare the baboons away but is forced to retreat as one makes a lunge at him .
the large monkey stands guard as its partner in crime jumps into the back of the truck to search for supplies .
laughter can be heard from behind the camera as the two monkeys who helped with the distraction scarper .
looking towards the camera , the driver laughs as another man comes around towards the back of the truck to survey the situation .
the driver then makes an attempt to remove the baboon from the truck and begins banging on the side of the vehicle in the hope of scaring it away .
the man remains good humoured throughout the 40-second-clip as another man comes around to the back of the truck to survey the situation .
the man bangs on the side of the truck in an attempt to scare the baboon away and eventually it re-emerges .
before long the monkey re-emerges and to the surprise of everyone watching carries snacks in both its hands and its mouth .
as it jumps from the truck it momentarily turns to look at the driver , as if taunting him .
before securing more of the snacks , by placing them in its mouth , and running away from the scene of the crime .
the monkey appears to taunt the driver before scarpering with more than a handful of snacks from the truck .
the group of thieves reconvene and run off together into the bushes to the sound of spectators laughing .
the other monkeys run towards it to greet it and the group , clearly pleased with their haul , disappear into the shrubbery .
people standing around watching the drama unfolding can be heard laughing even louder than before .