a murdered teenager thought she had escaped the clutches of her abductor and sent a text saying ' i nearly got kidnapped omfg ' before she was beaten to death , a court has heard .
april millsap , whose body was discovered on a walking trail in armada , michigan , sent the message just moments before she was ambushed by motorcyclist james d. vancallis , according to police .
yesterday vancallis appeared at an arraignment hearing in romeo , michigan , accused of her murder .
april millsap , left , sent a text message believing she escaped her abductor before being beaten to death by james vancallis , right , a court has heard .
the hearing heard how police believe the the 14-year-old , who had been walking her dog , was ambushed after being hit by a motorcyle helmet .
it is believed she was then beaten to death and stomped on after vancallis failed in an attempt to rape her .
during proceedings on wednesday , armada police chief howard smith spoke of april 's final movements .
according to the detroit free press , he said the teenager had been walking on the trail with her dog when she was seen talking to a man on a motorcycle , who a witness identified as vancallis .
vancallis appeared at an arraignment hearing in romeo , michigan , accused of her murder .
his lawyer , dean ankouny maintains his client 's innocence .
april 's body was found by joggers off the popular macomb orchard trail , some 35 miles northeast of detroit .
april 's mother jennifer , right and stepfather david lichtenfelt were in court yesterday for the hearing .
he added that she rebuffed his advances but then he returned to find april , where he beat her to death .
he also explained how vancallis was wearing a shoe with a distinctive tread when he stomped on her .
during his arraignment , vancallis , dressed in an orange jumpsuit , stood mute as he was ordered to be held without bail by judge denis leduc .
a not guilty plea was entered on his behalf after he was charged with first-degree murder , felony murder and assault with intent .
april 's beloved dog , penny , who was found standing guard over the teenager 's body after