liverpool 's 3-2 victory over tottenham came as a huge boost in their push for a top-four finish , but for one set of supporters the night was particularly special .
martin skrtel 's son , matteo , and girlfriend , barbora lovasova , spent time on the anfield pitch before the game , taking photos and soaking up the atmosphere .
the defender 's son was introduced to club legend steven gerrard and also spent time honing his skills in a kick-about with his dad .
martin skrtel introduces his son , matteo to club legend and captain steven gerrard before kick-off .
gerrard picks up his team-mate 's son shortly before the game began at anfield on tuesday night .
the father and son , both in full liverpool kit , enjoy a kick-about before the match on tuesday night .
skrtel 's partner barbora lovasova takes pictures of the action before the premier league clash .
skrtel senior bends down to tie his son 's shoelaces ahead of the victory against tottenham .
lovasova , meanwhile , took photos of the fans and stadium on her phone while her partner and child enjoyed the crowd 's attention on the pitch .
brendan rodgers ' side eventually emerged victorious after an frantic match against spurs .
goals from lazar markovic , steven gerrard , harry kane and mousa dembele meant the game appeared to be heading for a draw .
but in the 83rd minute substitute mario balotelli finally scored his first premier league goal for the club to seal all three points .
skrtel himself enjoyed a quiet game , and was booked in the 40th minute , but the slovak will be unperturbed after his side moved within three points of the champions league places .
the slovak defender 's girlfriend -lrb- left -rrb- soaks up the atmosphere while his son -lrb- right -rrb- plays football .
lazar markovic -lrb- left -rrb- watches on as his strike beats hugo lloris to open the scoring on tuesday .
tottenham 's in-form striker harry kane levels the scores with a well-taken turn and finish .
liverpool captain steven gerrard made no mistake from the penalty spot - re-establishing the lead .
mousa dembele -lrb- left -rrb- squares things up for tottenham just after the hour mark from close range .
mario balotelli -lrb- centre -rrb- scores his first