by .
adam crafton .
follow @@ adamcrafton _ .
for bebe , the manchester united player that never was , it ended as inauspiciously as it began .
last tuesday , at the dingy merseyrail community stadium , the home of conference side southport , the curtain came down on bebe 's peculiar career at manchester united .
having underwhelmed once more for the reserve team , he was substituted after 45 minutes but emerged early from warren joyce 's half-time dressing down and took his place on the substitute 's bench .
it was there that supporters asked the portuguese winger if he would be leaving this summer and with a big grin , bebe brazenly replied : ` i go , i go , i go ' .
video scroll down to watch a selection of bebe 's amazing goals on loan last season .
new boy : bebe gives a thumbs up after completing his move from manchester united to benfica .
down and out : bebe plays against southport in his last ever game for manchester united .
fast-forward 72 hours and he was gone .
incredibly , for a player that did not start a premier league match in four years at old trafford , united received # 2.3 million from benfica and they are entitled to 50 per cent of any future fee that the portuguese side receive .
in truth , it is a handsome return for a player who , sadly , never really belonged at old trafford , written off within six months by sir alex ferguson and shunned immediately by david moyes and louis van gaal .
certain things , however , should be made clear .
first , that bebe , aged just 20 when he joined , does not deserve this notoriety .
his story is , to an extent , an inspiring tale of a young boy who lived rough on the streets of lisbon and came to play for one of the world 's most famous football clubs .
it is the stuff of hollywood films , as bebe was plucked from the wilderness and handed a place at casa do gaiato , a charity-funded orphanage in loures .
invisible : bebe never started a single premier league match despite signing for # 7.5 m in 2010 .
here was a player without even a