if you had # 140,000 to splurge , would you splash out on an aston martin db9 volante or maybe even a three-bedroom detached house in nottingham ?
or , would you rather shell your hard-earned savings on a pink handbag ?
that is exactly what retailer vestiaire collective is hoping for , as they put a hermes bag on sale for a cool # 140,000 on their site .
is this britain 's most expensive handbag ?
a sade-to-measure pink croc hermes birkin bag embellished with rubies has gone on sale for # 140,000 .
so what do you get for your money ?
the made-to-measure pink croc hermes birkin bag comes embellished with rubies .
the rare tote is so exclusive that it ca n't even be brought in store and experts say it 's an extremely good investment .
fanny moizant , vestiaire collective 's brand communications director and head of uk , said : ` hermes birkin bags have come to symbolise the epitome of quality , the materials and the impeccable french craftsmanship are second to none .
` the brand has a strong heritage with a controlled supply , which makes it highly desirable for stylish women .
this aspirational identity has developed into a strong social status symbol .
the limited supply and production of rare colours and skin have made these bags must-have collectors items resulting in an increased value over time , unlike cars , which are known to depreciate in value after leaving the showroom .
' with the same amount of money that the handbag costs , you could splash out on an aston martin db9 volante .
whilst they do n't own the exact same bag , kim kardashian , left , and heidi klum , right , are both the proud owners of pink hermes birkin bags .
hermes is one of the most coveted handbags of all time , but with a price tag of around # 8,000 the hermés birkin bag is n't quite within every fashionista 's price range -lrb- unless you 're victoria beckham whose collection is worth a reported # 1.5 m -rrb- .
prestigious luggage and accessories firm hermés , who count many of the world 's wealthiest women as fans , is known for luxury leather accessories .
renowned for its immaculate finish and top quality materials , hermès claims