the festive period has been an enjoyable time for chelsea after they ended the year top of the premier league , but for one player there was cause for celebration for an entirely different reason .
midfielder cesc fabregas took to social media to express his delight at the news he would become a father for a second time , and posted a picture online of an ultrasound depicting the outline of baby girl .
he said : ` another princess on the way ... !! well done my baby .
' cesc fabregas posted this photo online depicting a ultrasound from his girlfriend .
fabregas moved back to the premier league during the summer , signing for jose mourinho 's chelsea .
fabregas with his partner daniella semaan , who has two children from a previous relationship .
the former barcelona man already has one daughter , lia , with his long-term girlfriend .
the club also tweeted about the revelation , saying : ` congratulations @cesc4official on your fantastic family news .
' the former barcelona and arsenal man already has a daughter , lia , born in 2013 , with long-term partner daniella semaan - although she has two other children from a previous partner .
fabregas has excelled since returning to the premier league in a # 27million summer deal , scoring twice and providing 14 assists for new club chelsea .
the 27-year-old has also scored twice and provided three assists for jose mourinho 's men in the champions league .
with the possibility of picking up his first ever premier league medal , 2015 is promising to be a memorable year for fabregas .
lionel messi 's partner antonella roccuzzo -lrb- left -rrb- and semaan hang out together in london .
fabregas and semaan when the latter was pregnant with their first child back in 2013 .
fabregas with former arsenal team-mate thierry henry watching the new york knicks and milwaukee bucks .
fabregas and henry were joined by didier drogba and a host of other stars at the o2 arena in london .
fabregas tussles with newcastle midfielder jack colback during their premier league clash .
manchester city midfielder frank lampard evades his chelsea successor during their 1-1 draw .