he is an adrenaline junkie who loves nothing more than scaling high structures to get great views .
and freerunner james kingston decided to take viewers with him on his latest challenge , filming himself climbing a 250ft crane in southampton .
the 24-year-old climbs to the top of the crane , which is the highest point in southhampton , and then stands at the highest point whilst holding the gopro camera on a stick to capture the surrounding view .
the thrill seeker is hundreds of feet in the air and his lack of fear , poise and determination to get to the top is remarkable .
mr kingston smiles and he looks excited to capture the remarkable selfie .
speaking about his crane climb last year mr kingston explained what motivates him to take such extreme risks .
during the recently released video , which has already been viewed over 145,000 times since it was uploaded on october 23 , mr kingston completes another audacious stunt .
grip : the adrenaline junkie holds on tightly as he makes his way up the tower .
view : mr kingston has a magnificent birds-eye-view of southampton when he reaches the top .
standing attempt : the fearless young man then attempts to stand up next to the beacon at the top of the crane .
the footage was captured by mr kingston on a gopro camera and the adventurer has stated that he always likes to take advantage of high structures in his city .
he said : ' i stayed at the top for around an hour enjoying the view , jumping around and capturing it all .
i did n't plan to do anything really .
all i wanted to do was get up there in time for sunrise .
' the risk-taker said he is not scared when he stands at the top of a crane .
he said : ` you ca n't afford to be scared when you 're hanging by your finger tips .
i did it for the adventure .
life 's too short to be sat around worrying about your future .
you have no time to waste !
' no support : mr kingston then takes a huge risk by standing up unaided .
a vertigo-inducting selfie : mr kingston captures the moment , by taking a photograph using a selfie