whoever agreed to schedule aston villa 's fa cup quarter-final with west bromwich albion at 5.30 on a saturday evening showed a dangerous lack of foresight .
it seems nobody at the football association , the bbc , the clubs or west midlands police seriously considered that trouble might follow a day off work when fans of the two local rivals had all afternoon to drink .
that miscalculation contributed significantly to scenes described by several former players as from the 1970s -- pitch invasions , seats ripped out and used as weapons , players barged and forced to fight their way to the sanctuary of the dressing rooms .
police clash with unruly fans in scenes reminiscent of the of the 1970s following aston villa 's fa cup defeat of west brom .
west brom players look concerned as aston villa fans invade the pitch at the end of their fa cup quarter final .
aston villa fans celebrate by racing on to the pitch following their 2-0 victory over west brom at villa park .
fans of both villa and west brom behaved irresponsibly and have been condemned by their own clubs .
action will follow .
but it is clear questions need to be asked about the way matches that carry the potential to be ` tasty ' , as tony pulis described this fixture , are arranged .
in the past , police have insisted derbies kick off early in the day .
in this instance , the local force claim it was out of their hands , with the decision down to the fa .
sources at english football 's governing body say scheduling is a collaborative effort , including police guidance .
the wishes of broadcasters play a huge part and evening slots are good for ratings .
it is the reason some arsenal fans will find it impossible to get back to london from manchester by train .
insufficient numbers of police and stewards attempted to deal with the hundreds who invaded the field of play .
police attempt to halt fans who ran on to the pitch after aston villa booked their place in the semi-finals .
villa fans leap over hoardings at the final whistle - while the decision to stage the game at 5.30 pm is being questioned .
but the bbc , who reportedly paid up to # 120million