by .
daily mail reporter .
kayode oshin has been jailed for 22 years for a bungled drugs shooting in an alleyway in hounslow two years ago .
a gunman who uploaded a rap video onto youtube boasting about trying to murder a rival with a ` spray and pray ' machine gun was jailed for 22 years today .
kayode oshin , 21 , attempted to assassinate yassin zouaiou with a mac 10 in a feud over drugs and money in hounslow , west london , after being enticed into a world of gang culture and crime ' , a court heard .
mr zouaiou survived when the gun jammed - but a single bullet was fired , hitting his brother mohammed ali subhani in the neck .
but oshin then posted a rap video bragging about the shooting on youtube .
the shooting was carried out in an alleyway between north drive and kingsley road , hounslow , at around 1am on october 6 , 2011 , the court heard .
oshin and a second man , junior tahir-akinyele , 19 , were arrested the next day in a white mercedes-benz they had hired for the attack .
jailing oshin for 22 years and tahir-akinyele for 14 years , judge timothy pontius said the pair had been ` enticed into a world of gang culture and crime ' .
` oshin you are convicted of attempted murder , your clear intention was that yassin zouaiou should die , ' he added .
` that intention would undoubtedly have been realised were it not for the fact that the mechanism on the gun jammed , releasing only one round .
oshin , 21 , set out to murder yassin zouaiou with a mac 10 automatic machine gun in a feud over drugs and money .
` it 's a matter of good fortune that he was not killed in what would have been a spray of bullets had the weapon been in good working order .
` the mac 10 was obtained by you with a specific murder in mind .
junior tahir-akinyele was convicted of wounding with intent to do grievous bodily harm and jailed for 14 years .
` tahir-akinyele you are convicted of wounding with intent to do grievous bodily harm .
` it was your intention to hurt mohammed ali subhani very badly , an