by .
steve nolan .
published : .
08:40 est , 7 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:28 est , 7 march 2013 .
workers at a french tyre-making factory clashed with riot police today as last-ditch protests aimed at saving their jobs turned violent .
staff from the goodyear factory in northern france gathered outside the company 's offices near paris as they continued to rally against attempts to restructure or close the amiens plant which employs 1,200 people .
but as union representatives met with company management inside , protestors fought with police on the streets outside , setting fire to piles of tyres .
the trouble flared as it was announced that unemployment figures in france had reached their highest for more than 13 years in the last quarter of 2012 .
it also comes after american tycoon maurice taylor - chairman of u.s. tyre giant titan international - refused to rescue the goodyear tyre factory because its workers are ` lazy , overpaid and talk too much ' .
scroll down for video .
clashes : riot police are pictured near paris today as a last ditch protest by workers to save a goodyear plant that employs 1,200 staff descended into violence .
anger : tyres can be seen burning in the foreground as goodyear staff clash with police in paris today .
riot : police form a line to drive protestors back as a fire rages close by .
the workers were told in january that their factory in amiens is to close imminently .
maurice `` morry '' taylor delivered the crushing summary of how some outsiders view france 's work ethic in a letter .
in the letter released on feburary 19 , mr taylor said his company would not be buying a goodyear tyre plant in amiens that .
is threatened with closure and the loss of 1,170 jobs , telling french industry ministry arnaud montebourg : ' i have visited the factory several times .
` the french workforce gets paid high wages but works only three hours .
` they get one hour for breaks and lunch , talk for three hours and work for three .
i told the french union workers this to their faces .
they told me that 's the french way !
' the letter sent by mr taylor sparked a .