by .
andy dolan .
published : .
09:34 est , 7 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:18 est , 8 february 2013 .
a mother died when her car was hit by a train on a level crossing because a signalman mistakenly raised the barriers after becoming distracted by a phone call , a court heard .
the car that hairdresser jane harding , 52 , was in was struck by a passenger train at 61mph and dragged 150 yards down the track .
a jury was told that moments before the crash , signalman adrian maund ` panicked ' when a local farmer called for a second time seeking clearance to guide his sheep over another crossing further up the track .
tragedy : jane harding was hit while crossing the track by car after adrian maund lifted the barriers too early .
while he was distracted , maund lifted .
the barriers , believing the manchester to milford haven train had .
already passed the crossing , the court heard .
maund , 43 , only realised his fatal .
mistake when he saw it approaching at 80mph around a corner -- and .
frantically tried to lower the barriers and change the signal at the .
moreton-on-lugg , herefordshire , crossing .
mrs harding 's husband , mark , who was driving their volkswagen touareg , survived the incident with shoulder and pelvic injuries .
birmingham crown court heard that .
although human error was a factor in the crash , the tragedy could have .
been prevented if network rail had not declined to spend # 40,000 on a .
simple safety device which could stop signals being changed when a train .
was approaching .
he was distracted by a call from a farmer asking if he could herd sheep across the tracks at moreton-on-lugg .
the company , which owns and operates .
rail infrastructure , allegedly refused to install the approach-locking .
system during improvement works a year earlier because of cost concerns .
this decision made the firm equally .
culpable , according to philip mott qc , prosecuting .
mr mott added : .
` network rail took the decision not to install this device because it .
would cost # 40,000 -- that device could have saved a life .
` an approach-locking system has been