by .
becky barrow .
published : .
09:36 est , 14 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
18:44 est , 14 may 2013 .
britain has plunged down a league table measuring international standards of living .
in a sign of the hard times facing families , the office for national statistics said the uk has dropped from fifth in 2005 to 12th in 2011 .
the league table of the world 's wealthiest nations , using the latest available official figures , is based on how much money households have after paying their taxes and what they can afford to buy with their spare cash .
fall : britain has fallen down the household league table from fifth in 2005 to 12th in the new 2011 table .
while britain used to be beaten only by america , luxembourg , norway and germany , it is now trumped by a much longer list of countries including switzerland , australia , france , belgium , sweden and canada .
while average incomes have risen in britain , they have increased by more in rival nations .
at the same time , the price of goods has risen by a higher margin in britain -- meaning we can buy less with our salaries compared with people in other countries .
the ons 's research is based on what it calls each person 's ` actual household disposable income ' .
this is defined as their total income -- not only their salary but also other items such as interest on their savings -- minus their tax bill .
it also includes the value of any free ` benefits ' received from the government , such as nhs treatment and education .
but the total figure is then adjusted to take account of the prices of goods and services in each country .
plunging economic fortunes : david cameron and chancellor george osborne were today hit by the news that britain has slipped down the global family income league table , caused by the economic crisis .
in britain , the average disposable .
income for 2011 is given as # 18,291 , which has risen slightly from 2005 , .
when it was # 17,069 .
but in other countries it has risen much faster , pushing the uk down the league table as it has been rapidly