james haskell admits he will be inspired by lawrence dallaglio when he leads wasps throughout the 2014-15 season .
haskell 's first taste of captaincy will be saturday 's opening match of the traditional aviva premiership london double-header against saracens at twickenham .
england great dallaglio presided over the most successful period in wasps ' history , a reign that included four league titles and two heineken cup crowns .
stand and deliver : james haskell will be the wasps captain ahead of the 2014-15 premiership season .
haskell played alongside dallaglio for six years and while determined to forge his own path , he knows he will be influenced by a man he regards as the complete skipper .
` to me lawrence was everything you want in a leader , ' haskell said .
` when he spoke you always felt he cared about what he was saying and he always backed it up , leading by example .
` he had the respect of the guys around him and that is all you can ask for .
` i 'm not trying to be lawrence and i wo n't copy him , but you ca n't help but be inspired by a guy who was a natural leader and had respect from people .
' haskell is one of the game 's more colourful personalities , but he understands the need to be economical with his words when required .
` the last thing you want is to be someone who just talks , ' he said .
` the boys find out pretty quickly if you are covering for your inefficiencies by putting great churchillian speeches together .
if that happens , you 'll fall flat on your face .
` as long as i perform on the field and get the respect of the guys , then that is key .
' it 's mine to keep right ?
haskell poses with the aviva premiership trophy before the start of the season .
wasps have been lifted by the return of christian wade - a potential solution to england 's problems on the wing - from the foot injury that has kept him sidelined since november .
will fraser 's own injury problems are over , so he is restored at openside by saracens as he begins his quest to challenge for chris robshaw 's