controversial plans have emerged to move the tomb of the prophet muhammad , islam 's second-holiest site .
the prophet muhammad , born in 570 ad , is believed by muslims to be the last of god 's prophets to mankind who delivered the religion 's final revelation .
his resting place in medina , saudi arabia is visited by millions of muslims every year and is seen as the second holiest site after the kaaba , the famous black cubed building in mecca .
but it emerged last night that a saudi academic has put forward contentious plans to have the prophet 's remains moved from the tomb over fears by some scholars that the site is leading to idolatry .
scroll down for video .
the tomb of prophet mohammad at al-masjid al-nabawi in the holy city of medina .
proposals to move the prophet 's remains threaten to spark discord across the muslim world .
the tomb of the prophet muhammad could be moved from the al-masjid al-nabawi mosque in medina , saudi arabia , where it is currently housed , under plans reported today .
according to the independent , a 61-page document has been circulated among the supervisors of the holy site proposing that the prophet 's body be moved to the nearby al-baqi cemetery , where it would be interred anonymously .
dr irfan al-alawi , director of the islamic heritage research foundation , told the newspaper : ` they want to prevent pilgrims from attending and venerating the tomb because they believe this is `` shirq '' , or idolatry .
` but the only way they can stop people visiting the prophet is to get him out and into the cemetery .
' idolatry , known as ` shirq ' in the islamic faith , is the worship of objects or saints and is forbidden in the faith .
there is no suggestion that saudi arabia 's king abdullah , who is the site 's formal custodian , nor the supervisors of the al-masjid al-nabawi mosque which contains the tomb have agreed to the idea .
the saudi government has previously insisted it treats the development of holy sites with ` the utmost seriousness ' .
prophet .
it is feared any plans to move the prophet 's remains could cause anger among some muslims in the region .
but it is