by .
jonathan brocklebank .
published : .
15:38 est , 7 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:08 est , 7 january 2013 .
abducted : moira anderson went missing in 1957 and is thought to have been murdered by rapist alexander gartshore .
she has been missing , presumed murdered , for 56 years , but yesterday the search for schoolgirl moira anderson reached what is certain to be its final destination .
in a graveyard a short distance from the 11-year-old 's former home , police erected protective tents around a family lair where eight bodies are known to be buried .
as officers prepare to begin exhuming the bodies , they may learn whether there is a ninth set of remains buried in the upton family plot in old monkland cemetery , coatbridge , lanarkshire .
if an extra body is found , forensic tests will establish if it is that of moira , who would have been 67 if she had lived .
if nothing untoward is uncovered , then her disappearance will continue to haunt her family and hometown forever .
the youngster is believed to have been abducted and murdered by alexander gartshore , who was driving the bus that moira took as she set off to a local shop in coatbridge on february 23 , 1957 .
gartshore , a known sex offender , was jailed for rape shortly after moira 's disappearance but he did not figure in the initial police inquiry .
he died in 2006 shortly after telling his daughter sandra brown that moira had haunted him all his life .
mrs brown , 63 , has believed for decades that her father was moira 's killer and it was she who identified the upton family lair as the most likely burial spot .
last month , sheriff frank pieri granted a petition brought by moira 's sisters janet hart and marjory muir to allow exhumation after relatives of those buried in the lair raised no objections .
digging is expected to begin shortly .
after dawn under a team led by forensic anthropologist professor .
sue black of dundee university .
the exhumation process may last several days .
it .
has been suggested that gartshore secreted moira 's body into the lair .
in the weeks following her death when the grave was opened for