president bashar assad will be ` euphoric ' about obama 's decision to wait for congress over syria , according to senator john mccain .
one of the loudest critics of the administration 's handling of syria , mccain criticised obama in an interview on cbs 's face the nation .
referring to obama 's famous remark when he said the use of chemical weapons in syria would cross a red line , mccain said : ` he did n't say , `` it 's a red line - and by the way i 'm going to have to seek the approval of congress .
'' he said it was a red line , and that the united states of america would act .
` and that 's a big difference , and that 's one of the reasons why this is so problematic .
' scroll down for video .
tension : president bashar assad will be ` euphoric ' about obama 's decision to wait for congress over syria , according to sen. john mccain .
crisis talks : president obama and vice-president biden meet with secretary of state john kerry and national security advisor susan rice to discuss syria on sunday .
the arizona republican , who obama beat for the presidency in 2008 , said the president asked him to come to the white house .
specifically to discuss syria .
obama .
is hoping one of congress 's most intractable foreign policy hawks will .
help sell the idea of a u.s. military intervention in syria to a nation .
deeply scarred by more than a decade of war .
having .
announced over the weekend that he will seek congressional approval for .
military strikes against the assad regime , the obama administration is .
now trying to rally support among americans and their congressmen and .
senators .
the .
head of the u.n. refugee agency in syria says seven million syrians , .
or almost one-third of the population , have been displaced by the .
country 's civil war .
tarik .
kurdi said that five million of the displaced are still in syria while .
about 2 million have fled to neighboring countries .
he says two million children are among those directly affected by the war .
kurdi .
says u.n. assistance has been a ` drop in the