by .
sarah griffiths .
published : .
11:30 est , 3 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
11:38 est , 3 march 2014 .
people who have been abused , abandoned and neglected often struggle to identify kind facial expressions so that a smile can seem like a threat .
but now a new type of therapy has been developed to help those suffering from anxiety or depression who find it difficult to connect with others .
the ` compassion game ' trains people to recognise kindness and compassion in a bid to desensitise patients and rid them of threatening feelings in response to seeing kind faces .
a scientist from cardiff university developed the ` compassion game ' to train people suffering from depression or anxiety to recognise kindness in a bid to rid them of threatening feelings in response to seeing kind faces .
to play , the person has to pick out the compassionate face from the more critical faces .
people with attachment disorders can harbour highly self-critical attitudes and can feel threatened by compassionate facial expressions , often responding with fear or grief .
this can have crippling consequences for patients ' recovery , leaving them struggling to form meaningful relationships with other people and relate to their environment .
dr kirsten mcewan from cardiff university 's school of medicine developed a set of facial expressions to assess the degree to which individuals who are highly self-critical , anxious or depressed may struggle to process and receive compassion .
while studying for her phd at the university of derby , she found that found that individuals who were highly self-criticical did indeed struggle to process and pay attention to compassionate emotions and she believes this could be a factor in mood disorders and a block to therapy .
she developed a ` compassion game ' that trains individuals to recognise kindness and compassion .
participants search for a compassionate face among a number of critical faces , which retrains the automatic , unconscious biases towards threatening stimuli commonly shown by people with mood disorders , according to the study published in plos one journal .
people who were abused as children are twice as likely to suffer from depression , according to a 2011 study .
they are also less likely to respond to depression treatments .
scientists examined data from 26