a deadly al qaeda-linked terror attack on a syrian regime intelligence headquarters yesterday was so massive it measured 2.3 on the richter scale and registered as an earthquake .
at least 20 regime security force members and 14 rebels were killed in the west of aleppo - the largest city in syria and the frontline in battles between the assad regime , the islamic state , western-backed rebel groups and the al qaeda-affiliated nusra front .
the latter group are believed to have carried out yesterday 's attack targeting air force intelligence offices , in which they used a tunnel to detonate bombs , creating an explosion so huge that the european mediterranean seismological centre mistook it for an earthquake .
scroll down for video .
attack : the citadel -lrb- background -rrb- in the northern syrian city of aleppo was where 34 people were killed yesterday when al qaeda-backed rebels set off a powerful tunnel explosion targeting an intelligence hq .
huge : yesterday 's terror attack created an explosion so massive that the european mediterranean seismological centre mistook it for an 2.3 magnitude earthquake .
watching the destruction : members of syrian opposition forces are seen hiding behind rubble after they blow up the tunnel beneath the syrian air intelligence directorate 's aleppo branch .
yesterday 's attack came just days after the opposition rejected a un ceasefire plan for the city and as president bashar al-assad insisted he continues to enjoy the support of the syrian people despite nearly four years of war and international pressure on his regime .
` the goal was to storm the building and to control it , but they failed , ' rami abdel rahman , the director of uk-based syrian observatory for human rights monitoring group .
six civilians were also killed in separate rebel shelling of regime-controlled areas , he said .
the attack began with a huge blast from explosives in a tunnel near the intelligence building , the observatory and a syrian military source said .
` gunmen blew up a tunnel that they dug -lrb- into the regime-controlled sector -rrb- and then attacked the area surrounding the air force intelligence headquarters , ' the military source said .
journalists in eastern aleppo said the blast was heard across the city .
it later emerged that the explosion was so huge that it measured 2.3 on the