in october 2012 , elisa lopez was sexually assaulted while napping on a subway train in new york city , and the entire incident was caught on video and spread online like wildfire .
late last week , more than two years after the shocking attack , ms lopez was finally vindicated when police apprehended her alleged molester , identified as 43-year-old carlos chuva .
the queens resident was arrested last thursday and charged with first-degree felony aggravated sexual assault .
scroll down for video .
vile attack : on october 20 , 2012 , elisa lopez -lrb- right -rrb- was sleeping aboard a downtown 4 train when a middle-aged man sat next to her and stuck his hand up her skirt -lrb- left -rrb- .
the entire incident was caught on video .
groper : the denim-clad stranger got off the train and vanished after lopez punched him in the face and fled .
according to a criminal complaint cited by gothamist , the suspect admitted that he was the attacker when officers showed a screen grab from the infamous subway video .
the vile attack took place at around 4am october 20 , 2012 , aboard a downtown 4 train near lexington avenue and 42nd street in manhattan .
elisa lopez , then a 21-year-old member of the air national guard , was on her way downtown to meet her boyfriend after attending a party in the bronx when she briefly dozed off on the train , instinctively clutching her purse .
she woke up moments later to discover a stranger caressing her thigh and face and trying to kiss her .
the terrified straphanger punched the pervert in the face and fled the subway .
she did not realize the extent of the sexual assault she had endured until a work friend sent her the graphic video shot by a fellow passenger aboard the 4 train .
justice for elisa : more than two years later , police arrested 43-year-old carlos chuvo -lrb- left -rrb- , charging him with aggravated sexual assault of elisa lopez .
the grainy cell phone footage recorded by brooklyn man jasheem smiley depicts a middle-aged man dressed in a faded denim jacket and jeans shoving his hand under the sleeping woman 's skirt and groping her .
the 18-second clip of the attack quickly went viral , earning smiley public censure for