the ex-girlfriend of kurt busch sobbed in court today as she described how the nascar champion allegedly smashed her head into a wall three times in september .
patricia driscoll , 36 , is asking a judge in dover , delaware , to grant a protection order against busch , saying that she fears for her safety .
she says busch ` snapped ' and attacked her on september 26 after hurling insults at her in their motorhome at dover international speedway because he was furious about his performance in a race .
scroll down for video .
seeking protection : kurt busch 's ex-girlfriend patricia driscoll -lrb- left -rrb- entered court in dover , delaware , on tuesday to ask that a judge grant her a protective order after she alleged that busch battered her .
busche denies that he smashed driscoll 's head and says she is seeking revenge after he broke up with her .
driscoll did not call police to report the alleged attack until november 8 - six weeks later .
detectives in dover have interviewed both driscoll and busch - though they have not made any arrests and are still investigating the case .
in court on tuesday , driscoll began to sob as she recounted the alleged assault , according to the delaware news-journal .
` it scared me because he just snapped , ' she said through tears .
busch has emphatically denied driscoll 's allegations and said she is trying to exact revenge against him after he ended their relationship .
the elegant blonde sobbed in court as she described the alleged attack and also asked that busch undergo psychological evaluation .
` he expects to be vindicated when the entire truth of the situation comes to light .
this allegation is a complete fabrication by a woman who has refused to accept the end of a relationship and mr busch vehemently denies her allegations in every respect , ' a pr representative for busch told the newspaper last month .
busch is also expected to testify at the hearing on tuesday .
driscoll - the head of a not profit agency that helped wounded soldiers - has filed court documents asking that a judge order busch to stay away from her and not contact her .
she also is asking that busch undergo a psychiatric evaluation and be evaluated by