their hands no bigger than postage stamps , this is the heartwarming moment that tiny twins blair and innes reached out to touch one another for the first time .
just one week earlier , the brothers had been born weighing little more than 3lbs and rushed to intensive care , where doctors feared they might not make a full recovery .
but as soon as the twins were reunited side-by-side , the newborns reached out across the incubator and clasped onto one another , forming a brotherly bond that will never be broken .
brotherly love : adorable twins blair and innes reach out to hold each other 's hands across the incubator as they are reunited for the first time since being born prematurely at 30 weeks .
the adorable moment , which their parents captured on camera , melted the hearts of the doctors and nurses who had been looking after them at edinburgh royal infirmary .
for parents laura and craig , from duddingston , edinburgh , it was also one of the most special moments of their lives .
mrs lowden , who went into labour at just 30 weeks , said : ` it was the most wonderful thing to see .
so touching .
this will always remain a very special moment for us .
` we were amazed to see them reach out for each other after being parted .
' blair and innes were born ten weeks early on february 5 this year and transferred immediately to intensive care .
blair had been born first , weighing just 3lbs 2oz , while innes weighed 3lbs 3oz .
but doctors were amazed when , one week later , the baby boys began to breathe on their own .
the non-identical brothers were then placed back together in an incubator , when the special moment took place .
proud parents : craig and laura lowden , with their newborn sons at their home in duddingston , edinburgh .
mr lowden , 32 , said : ` it was so cute .
' the boys had been born by caesarean section before being transferred to their separate incubators .
mrs lowden , a senior gas and oil analyst with lloyds bank , said she had been totally unprepared for their sons ' arrival .
` the antenatal class on labour was n't until the