an aviation technician with extremist islamic views was charged on friday after he planned to detonate a car bomb at a kansas airport .
terry lee loewen , 58 , was arrested on friday morning at mid-continent regional airport in wichita , according to u.s. attorney barry grissom , after being thwarted by an undercover fbi investigation .
grissom said loewen planned to drive a car that he believed was full of explosives into a terminal at the airport and trigger the device in a suicide mission .
scroll down for video .
terry lee loewen , 58 , was arrested as he tried to plant explosives at mid-continent regional airport in wichita , kansas on friday .
loewen 's house where he plotted to plant a suicide bomb at the airport where he worked .
the fbi had infiltrated his scheme six months ago .
investigators say loewen is an avionics technician who lives in wichita and works at the airport .
grissom said the 58-year-old spent months developing his plan of driving a car filled with explosives into the airport , triggering the bomb and killing himself .
he was arrested at 5.30 am this morning after he tried to open a gate on to the tarmac at the airport with his security pass .
loewen believed his car was filled with explosives but the fbi confirmed today that the material was never at risk of causing an explosion .
the u.s. attorney said that loewen was radicalized from reading extremist islamic texts online .
richard mckown , 81 , who lives two doors down from loewen , told mailonline today that he was deeply shocked by the crimes that his neighbor had been accused of .
he also said that the terror suspect lived with a woman whom he believed to be his wife .
a woman called deborah loewen is also listed at the same address .
mr mckown , who has lived in the neighborhood for six years , said : ` they kept themselves to themselves .
in the summer evenings , all the neighbors would be out talking but they never participated .
` it 's a complete shock , no one can understand why .
' a kansas state trooper , left , and a wichita airport police officer stand watch at the mid-continent airport in wichita on friday .
a kansas