independent economists such as soumaya keynes -lrb- pictured -rrb- have urged both the tories and labour to be more straightforward about spending plans .
independent economists have urged both the tories and labour to be more straightforward with voters about their post-election tax and spending plans .
researchers from the institute for fiscal studies -lrb- ifs -rrb- said that george osborne should spell out exactly how he plans to cut welfare spending by # 12billion .
they also said that labour 's ideas to deal with britain 's deficit were ` less explicit ' than the other main parties , and could see ed miliband rack up tens of billions a year in borrowing .
yesterday ifs director paul johnson criticised both the major parties over their lack of clarity ahead of may 's general election .
referring to the chancellor 's planned # 12billion in welfare cuts , he said : ` it is now almost two years since he announced his intention of cutting welfare spending by # 12billion .
it 's time we knew more about what that might actually involve .
' the chancellor signalled yesterday that a future conservative government would freeze benefits paid to people of working age for two years from 2016 .
the freeze , which would not include pensions , disability benefits and maternity pay , would save # 3billion .
last week the daily mail also revealed that other measures likely to be included in the tory manifesto include restricting child benefit to three children for new claimants , cutting the cap on welfare claims from # 26,000 to # 23,000 per household and removing the right of under-25s to housing benefit and jobless payouts if they refuse offers of work , training or education .
researchers from the ifs said that george osborne should spell out exactly how he plans to cut welfare spending by # 12billion .
multi-billion pound plans to ` revolutionise ' travel in the north of england will be unveiled today .
part of george osborne 's ` northern powerhouse ' strategy , they include new rail routes that could see 140mph trains reduce liverpool to manchester journey times to around 20 minutes .
a so-called ` transnorth ' rail network would link liverpool , manchester , leeds , sheffield , newcastle and hull .
the liverpool-manchester route could cost as much as # 13billion