the trend for fresh , local , unprocessed foods could be putting people at risk if they opt to drink raw milk .
this is according to a new study that claims raw milk makes people 100 times more likely to get ill than the pasteurised version .
raw milk is associated with more than half of all milk-related food borne illnesses , even though only an estimated 3.5 per cent of the population in the us drink it .
raw milk has not been pasteurised by heat treatment .
advocates believe it is s healthier , cleaner , and tastes better .
but a new study claims raw milk makes people 100 times more likely to get ill .
raw milk has not been pasteurised by heat treatment .
all fresh milk sold in the high street is pasteurised -- heated to 72c -lrb- 162f -rrb- for 25 seconds .
as well as killing e.coli , the process also eliminates campylobacter , salmonella and listeria .
untreated raw milk is thicker with a distinctive creamy taste .
but any harmful bugs on the body or udders of the cow that pass into the milk are not killed off .
cheese made from raw milk may contain these bugs .
advocates of the product argue that pasteurisation removes important nutrients , such as folic acid .
they also claim raw milk is associated with reduced levels of asthma , hay fever and food allergies in children .
but us tests have shown that the nutrients in raw and pasteurised milk are the same .
advocates believe that raw milk , which contains more natural antibodies , proteins , and bacteria than pasteurised milk , is healthier , cleaner , and tastes better .
they argue pasteurisation removes important nutrients , such as folic acid .
but the new study shows the risks are better understood than the benefits and that more research is needed to prove that the health claims are legitimate .
they claim it can put people at risk of microbial contaminants commonly found in milk including infectious salmonella , campylobacter , and listeria species along with the most dangerous form of e. coli .
these bacteria can cause foodborne illness in humans , including diarrhea , vomiting , cramping , fevers , and sometimes more serious consequences such as kidney failure or death .
` the risks