arnis zalkalns is the latest in a long , terrifying list of killers , rapists and other serious criminals able to slip into britain using eu free movement rules .
the authorities here had no idea he had a conviction for murder when he used his latvian passport to enter the country in 2007 .
this is because while demanding eu citizens should have the right to free movement -- except in the most extreme circumstances -- brussels does not compel member states to share information on known criminals who might be planning to travel .
scroll down for video .
arnis zalkans killed his wife , rudite , in latvia three years after they married .
he is now the prime suspect in the hunt for missing schoolgirl alice gross , 14 .
some do : france , germany , italy , spain and , most recently , poland flag up potential dangermen to the uk so they can be put on a watch list and turned away at the port or airport .
but whitehall officials say most of the eastern european countries which joined the eu in 2004 do not bother and some do not even keep the information for their own internal use .
home secretary theresa may is trying to put pressure on other eu countries to cooperate , particularly in relation to child sex offences .
but , ultimately , other countries know that they have countless free movement directives on their side -- and there is zero chance of a blanket travel ban being implemented on their citizens if they do not cooperate .
indeed , they may even take the view that they would rather have their murderers and rapists living in britain than claiming new victims at home .
equally disturbing is that even if the latvians had cooperated zalkalns would probably still have been free to waltz into the country .
kajus scuka -lrb- left -rrb- served 11 years in prison in the czech republic for murdering his wife before moving to the uk , where he was jailed for 12 years for attacking four women .
victor akulic -lrb- right -rrb- was jailed for nine years for raping a seven-year-old in lithuania .
he then raped a woman in the uk and was jailed for life .
mobster mariusz florowski -lrb- left -rrb- was wanted for a string of