by .
steve doughty .
in london nearly one in 50 people have polish as their first language ¿ 1.9 per cent of the population .
more than four million people in england and wales -- around one in 13 -- do not use english as their first language , official statistics show .
more than 100 languages are spoken by significant numbers of people in the uk , according to census results .
however , a big majority of the foreign language speakers have mastered english and can use it in their everyday lives .
only 138,000 people say they can not speak english at all .
the figures were taken from the findings of the 2011 national census and published by the office for national statistics .
it said that 4.2 million people -- 7.7 per cent of the population -- speak a first language that is not english .
groups of foreign language speakers are found around the country .
around one in eight people in leicester speak gujarati as their first language .
more than 6 per cent of those in rushmoor , hampshire -- close to the army bases of aldershot and an area with a strong gurkha community -- speak nepalese .
in the lincolnshire town of boston , more than 5 per cent of the population speak lithuanian , latvian , russian or polish .
the greatest concentration of foreign language speakers is in london , where 22.1 per cent of the population , around 1.7 million people , have a language other than english as their first language .
the ons said in its report : ` language is an important defining characteristic of people 's identity .
` it can be used with information from other identity questions such as ethnic group , nationality and religion to provide a detailed picture of england and wales .
' the highest concentration of people who speak lithuanian as their first language are in boston , lincolnshire .
rachel bull -lrb- left -rrb- challenged mary beard -lrb- right -rrb- who said immigrations fears in boston were a ` myth ' .
boston has the greatest concentration of lithuanian speakers .
the ons added that the figures help ` local authorities to provide public services , for example to identify the need for translation and interpretation and english language lessons ' .
in london nearly