tim sherwood said his aston villa team ` bamboozled ' liverpool and paid particular tribute to christian benteke , fabian delph and jack grealish , the teenager who shone on his wembley debut .
villa earned a comeback win to book their place in the fa cup final against arsenal and end steven gerrard 's dream of lifting the famous old trophy on his birthday before bidding farewell to the club .
sherwood was dealt a blow by gabby agbonlahor 's failure to overcome a hamstring injury , but adapted his plans to brilliant effect as liverpool struggled to cope with villa 's fluid attack .
christian benteke is congratulated by aston villa team-mate fabian delph after scoring at wembley .
the villa manager said : ` we changed the way we played .
we normally go very direct , and use our pace down the sides , i think liverpool would have expected us to do that .
` but we played it short through the thirds and caused some problems in the little pockets of areas .
they were a little bit bamboozled to be honest .
` we needed to create a threat .
i 'm not sure liverpool tried to second-guess what we were going to do but i do n't think they would have expected that .
' ` we looked liverpool and thought it might cause them a few problems if we played two no. 10s with jack grealish and charles n'zogbia and it turned out that way .
they got them on the back foot .
` we needed to get players in support of christian benteke .
i thought our game plan worked perfectly .
we were n't worried about what liverpool were going to do .
we just knew if we played like we can we were going to cause them a lot of problems .
' brendan rodgers conceded his side had been second best , but praised captain gerrard , who had a late header cleared off the line .
aston villa players chase delph after the england midfielder made it 2-1 with 36 minutes left on the clock .
` he was doing everything , everything he possibly could to help the team , ' said the liverpool boss .
` i thought he was excellent .
but collectively we did n't perform well enough to get a