a rescue shelter caring for dogs has started photobombing people posting selfies online in a new way to find homes for the pets .
dallas pets alive have been photo-shopping pictures of dogs , or ` muttbombing ' as they have called it , on to pictures of famous people including kim kardashian , miley cyrus and ryan gosling in a bid to rehome the animals .
the dogs , which originally muttbombed people in the local area of dallas , texas , have begun to go viral after popping up in selfies posted by celebrities .
dallas pets alive has come up with a new way of finding homes for rescue dogs - photoboming celebrities , such as kim kardiashian , posting selfies online .
the dogs have begun to go viral after popping up in selfies by a range of famous people , including miley cyrus .
max the dog photobombs a picture of ryan gosling which had been posted online .
some of the dogs take quite an innovative approach to muttbombing people posting selfies online .
leslie sans , executive director of dallas pets alive , has found the campaign a success so far with several dogs already finding homes since they began muttbombing on february 10 .
but she said she hopes all the dogs will eventually be re-homed .
she said : ` we are working with the creative team dieste who extensively research people every day finding trend-setters , bloggers , popular instagram profiles and sometimes just random people with interesting profiles and selfies .
` we are targetting dallas but then we also implemented a few specifics so we could spread muttbombing wider .
for example during valentine 's we shaped the posts to be more related to that specific day .
` the initiative was launched february 10 with a special focus on instagram which is the social media king for selfies which leads users to muttbombing.com to find a complete display of the program .
` the feedback so far has been really positive - with people asking for their friends to get muttbombed or tagging friends to get muttbombed .
leslie sans , executive director of dallas pets alive , has found the campaign a success so far with several dogs already finding homes since they began muttbombing on february 10 .
the organisation hopes all the dogs featured