a texas mother who buried her infant son alive has been convicted of capital murder - despite her lawyer 's arguments that she is mentally ill .
narjes modarresi , 32 , was sentenced to life in prison thursday for the april 2010 murder of two-month-old masih golabbakhsh .
a jury in houston , texas , returned a guilty verdict after deliberating for two hours .
prosecutor sunni mitchell told jurors that modarresi never formed a bond with little masih - a baby ` she never wanted and never loved .
' narjes modarresi , 32 , showed no emotion as she was convicted of capital murder on thursday .
she is pictured here during the opening of the trial earlier this month .
narjes modarresi , 32 , -lrb- right -rrb- was sentenced to life in prison for the april 2010 murder of two-month-old masih golabbakhsh -lrb- left -rrb- .
modarresi , an iranian immigrant , showed no expression in court as she was found guilty - and again a short time later when district judge maria jackson sentenced her to life in prison .
her lawyers had argued for the jury to convict her of the lesser charge of felony murder - saying she suffered from depression and bi-polar disorder .
even the baby 's father asked for leniency .
` if she is really sick and everything , which i think she is , she should not spend her life in prison and forever , ' amir golabbakhsh told khou-tv .
prosecutors argue modarresi 's actions were calculated - not the result of desperation due to mental illness .
` she woke up on april 21 , 2010 and decided to kill masih golabbakhsh , ' assistant harris county district attorney sunni mitchell said in her opening statement either this month .
` he was a child she never wanted and never loved .
he was in her way .
' the baby was her second child .
he died after being buried face down in the mud outside west houston 's buffalo bayou .
attorney george parnham believes his client 's mental state should be a mitigating factor in sentencing even if she is convicted .
at first , she claimed two men in a beige chevrolet kidnapped the boy while she walked him in a stroller .
but according to the houston chronicle , a