a reptile store owner was arrested thursday in quebec , canada , more than a year after his 100-pound snake escaped and killed two young boys .
jean-claude savoie 's lawyer confirmed his arrest , but said authorities had not yet pressed charges and it 's still unknown what crimes he may face .
usually , police can only hold a suspect for 24 hours without an arraignment .
it was on august 5 , 2013 that savoie 's best friend 's two young sons connor , 6 , and noah barthe , 4 , were killed during a sleepover at his apartment , located above his shop reptile ocean in campbellton , new brunswick .
scroll down for video .
arrested : jean-claude savoie -lrb- left -rrb- was arrested on thursday , more than a year after his best friend 's two sons connor , 6 -lrb- center -rrb- , and noah , 4 -lrb- right -rrb- were killed by a snake he owned .
scene : the two young boys were sleeping over at savoie 's house above his reptile store in campbellton , new brunswick on august 5 , 2013 when the snake escaped .
killer ?
savoie previously posted this picture of an african rock python to his facebook , which may or may not be the 100-pound specimen which strangled the young boys to death .
that night , savoie 's 14-foot african rock python escaped from its enclosure and crawled into the building 's ventilation before dropping on top of the sleeping boys , and attacking them with a fatal squeeze .
savoie 's lawyer leslie matchim said thursday that the arrest did n't come as a surprise , considering the year-long investigation .
however , she says her client was previously informed that charges would n't be pressed when the royal canadian mounted police wrapped up their investigation in july .
` after they sort of recanted that position and announced that in fact the investigation was ongoing , then ... i ca n't say that i 'm surprised that we 're at the point we 're at today , ' matchim told cbc .
animal lovers : connor and noah were the two sons of savoie 's best friend mandy tracertin , who posted the following pictures of them playing around in his store to facebook .
little helpers : this picture