the duchess of york has once again publicly stood by her ex-husband after appearing on the rachael ray cooking show today .
sarah ferguson , 55 , appeared on american television and said that despite the fact that ` recent weeks have been pretty bad for the york family ' , they remain a ` unit ' .
her interview comes days after the duchess appeared on the today show and defended prince andrew following recent allegations .
scroll down for video .
the prince 's ex-wife slammed reports that he had sexual relations with an underage girl as ` salacious lies ' and defended him as a ` humongously good man ' .
in a passionate rebuttal on the show on tuesday , the duchess said that she was standing by ` my best friend and my best ex-husband ever ' amid the allegations .
buckingham palace has issued a statement strongly denying the allegations against prince andrew which sarah repeated during her interview .
she said the claims against her former husband - whom she called ' a great father and humongously good man ' - were ` shockingly accusatory allegations which i do n't think are right ' .
and speaking with rachel ray and her guest host , singer donny osmond , sarah once again stressed the family 's solidarity at this difficult time .
in the promotional clip of the taped interview , the duchess is seen coming out from backstage in a tight fitting blue dress , pointing at the hosts enthusiastically and running over towards them .
in the promotional clip of the taped interview , the duchess is seen coming out from backstage in a tight fitting blue dress , pointing at the hosts enthusiastically and running over towards them .
she spoke with rachel ray and her guest host , singer donny osmond , on american tv .
once sat down at the table , the trio begin discussing sarah 's family life .
the duchess of york said 24-year-old daughter eugenie still sits on her lap , and thinks donny osmond is ` very cool ' .
' i did actually try to sing puppy love , ' she says .
` we call ourselves the tripod .
mummy , beatrice and eugenie .
we 're best friends , and then sometimes i 'm mummy , ' she continues .