identified : grant adamson , 55 , descendant of one of the founding families of malibu , died in a ballooning accident in switzerland .
grant adamson , a pepperdine university supporter and descendant of a founding family of malibu , has been identified as the american tourist who was killed in a hot air balloon accident in switzerland tuesday .
pepperdine vice dean shelley saxer said the school is deeply saddened by adamson 's passing at age 55 , and the serious injuries sustained by his wife , terry , and their daughters , lauren and megan .
swiss police said the hot air balloon carrying adamson and family crashed into an electric power line while trying to land after a two-hour flight tuesday morning .
the balloon fell 165 feet in the crash .
local officials are investigating the incident .
grant adamson , 55 , was a founding member of pepperdine 's crest advisory board , a community support group , and terry adamson was a distinguished jurist in residence at the law school .
their daughters , aged 20 and 24 , are students at the school .
lauren and megan adamson underwent surgeries for unspecified life-threatening injuries and are now recovering .
their mother suffered internal injuries and is currently on a ventilator .
a relative told the malibu times she is expected to have surgery in the coming days .
swiss police said mr adamson , 55 , died at the scene .
his family were airlifted to a hospital .
a 65-year-old hot air balloon pilot was also hospitalized with serious injuries .
fighting for survival : grant 's wife , terry adamson -lrb- left -rrb- , pictured with her daughter megan , is awaiting to undergo surgery after suffering unspecified internal injuries .
family man : those who knew grant adamson , pictured here with his wife , described him as a loving husband and father who was very close to his family .
the malibu times reported that grant adamson owned the mariposa land company , which managed the real estate holdings that have been in the family for over a century , and he was a founding member of pepperdine university 's crest board .
terry adamson had served as a commissioner at the malibu courthouse for nearly two decades until her retirement in 2007 .
she also worked as