welcome to the deserted soviet settlement of pyramid , around 800 miles from the north pole and literally frozen in time .
this ghost town is in fact in norway - on spitsbergen island in the arctic ocean - where russia retains rights to occupy the icy territory .
no-one has lived permanently in pyramid since 1998 and it is now a bizarre tourist attraction offering the world 's most northerly lenin monument .
frozen in time : the soviet settlement of pyramid is around 800 miles from the north pole and has been abandoned since 1998 .
isolated : pyramid -lrb- pyramiden -rrb- was founded in 1910 by sweden and sold to the ussr in 1927 .
it is named after a nearby pyramid-shaped mountain .
these pictures were taken this spring by vladimir prokofiev , a russian guide .
cut-off : the guide regularly visits the one place in pyramid where , on a good day , he might be lucky to catch a signal for his mobile from norwegian settlements on spitsbergen .
these remarkable pictures of the .
timewarp town are from vladimir prokofiev , 33 , a russian guide who .
worked in this lonely outpost earlier this year .
` welcome to the very end of the earth , ' said mr prokofiev , whose amazing images capture a lost soviet world .
alone .
between trips from hardy tourists , he lives at abandoned tulip hotel , .
and his only friend is an arctic fox who joins him for breakfast .
two 's company : mr prokofiev feeds his pet arctic fox saigon who is only friend in the settlement .
the creature regularly joins him for breakfast .
prepared : mr prokofiev 's daily equipment which include an anti polar bear gun .
tour guide : vladimir poses for a selfie in the gym mirror -lrb- left -rrb- and then makes use of some of the equipment that was left behind when everyone moved out .
clean : vladimir 's room at the tulip is still in good condition despite the last paying guests checking out many years before .
the pictures were taken this spring .
` the sun has been shining since 4-30am .
soon it will start shining 24/7 , ' said mr prokofiev .
he regularly visits the one place in pyramid where , on a good