a russian driver was presumably left dazed and confused after he was attacked by a group dressed as cartoon characters including mickey mouse and spongebob squarepants in a bizarre road rage incident .
footage of the incident , which shows the driver as he stops his vehicle in front of a minibus in the middle of the road , has now become an internet hit .
the unverified footage , filmed on another vehicle 's dashboard camera , apparently shows the driver as he gets out of his vehicle and appears to remonstrate with the driver of the minibus .
scroll down for video .
the group dressed up as cartoon characters can be seen sneaking around the side of the minibus before confronting the driver who has apparently stopped in front of the minibus and got out of his vehicle .
the cartoon characters then appear to begin to confront the man in the middle of the road .
the group soon get the better of the driver , who falls to the floor .
before long however he finds himself outnumbered as four people dressed as cartoon characters , including scrat from ice age and a russian character called luntik , sneak around the side of the minibus before confronting him .
the group then appears to proceed to get the better of the driver as they force him to the ground and begin kicking and punching him .
following the attack , which lasts for about 15 seconds , the group appear to get back into the van before it drives off .
the man slowly gets back to his feet and makes his way back to his vehicle as the vehicle from which the incident has been filmed drives past and continues on its way .
the video is believed to have taken place at about 2.30 am on saturday morning in the russian city of chelyabinsk .
it is not known however whether the video is authentic or an elaborate prank .
the fancy-dress characters proceed to kick and punch the man as he lies on the floor .
they then make their escape as the man slowly gets up from the ground .
it is not known whether the video is a prank but it has reportedly been watched more than 1.5 million times since it was uploaded online .
according to the moscow