it was the ` paw-fect ' pre-halloween party .
after all , dogs ca n't exactly trick-or-treat .
hundreds of people dragged their pets along to the new york 's tompkins square park this weekend for the 23rd annual dog halloween parade .
and it 's safe to say that some of the primed pups were in more elaborate costumes than you 'll see on most humans this year .
the east village park was packed full of terriers , bulldogs , labradors , pugs and other loveable mutts dressed to the nines .
winners in different categories howled with pride , taking home broadway tickets , gift vouchers and doggie treats .
may the force be with you : a baby and two dogs dress in a star wars theme for america 's biggest halloween dog parade in tompkins square park on saturday .
what 's for dinner ?
: a dog dressed as a turkey participates in the 3rd annual tompkins square halloween dog parade on october 26 , 2013 in new york city .
any room for milk ?
: a pomeranian comes dressed as a pumpkin spice latte - a special coffee for fall at starbucks .
ladies first : wonder woman arrives at the parade .
meanwhile ... batman jumps in action .
recognize these two ?
it 's liberace and scott thorson , ofcourse , whose story was big this year thanks to ` behind the candelabra ' , starring michael douglas and matt damon as the famous couple .
let me out : this prisoner is sick of fences .
he came to play .
in past years , a golden retriever wearing antlers and a santa suit pulled a sleigh , a corgi came as a bus stop , a west highland terrier packed in the spinach for his olive oyl and popeye pet parents , and small dogs dug deep into their inner superstars , appearing as john lennon , evel knievel and even michael jackson , complete with one glittering silver bootie , according to usa today .
this year marked the 23rd annual fundraiser for the dog run located in the park .
admission was free and attendees could purchase $ 5 raffle tickets in a chance to win a mini-ipad .
` the event is a way to share hilarious moments with pets and their owners , '