by .
mark duell .
published : .
07:28 est , 14 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
07:28 est , 14 january 2014 .
arrested : aaron chambers , 31 , shouted for help when men armed with baseball bats smashed their way into his home in huddersfield , west yorkshire .
a 31-year-old man complained to police that his cannabis had been stolen - and found himself arrested for producing the drug , a court heard .
aaron chambers shouted for help when men armed with baseball bats smashed their way into his home in huddersfield , west yorkshire , after hearing about his drug-growing enterprise .
police arrived on october 9 last year to find his class b drugs in the cellar and arrested him .
at a previous hearing , chambers was branded ` ridiculous ' by his own solicitor after shouting to police that his cannabis had been stolen .
at his latest appearance , magistrates called him ` daft ' .
james weekes , prosecuting , told kirklees magistrates ' court : ` a member of the public called police saying there was a man shouting for police .
` when they arrived he was in the house and told officers someone had broken into his house and stolen his cannabis .
there was a hydroponics growing room in the cellar with six fully grown plants and three smaller ones .
' mr weekes said the estimated yield of the drug was 524g , with a potential street value of # 4,400 .
chambers , now of slaithwaite , west yorkshire , admitted a charge of producing the drug .
he said he had bought some equipment from a shop on an industrial estate in slaithwaite .
mr weekes said : ` he found out how to grow the drug by word of mouth and by the internet .
google is a remarkable thing .
he said `` i just enjoy it and i do n't have an addiction '' .
' chambers received a similar conviction in 2002 for possession of cannabis , magistrates heard .
mike sisson-pell , defending , described his client as ` naive ' in growing the drug himself .
call out : police officers arrived at his home -lrb- pictured -rrb- in huddersfield , west yorkshire , on october 9 last year to find his stash