costa rica coach jorge luis pinto praised his players ' character after they overcame a second-half red card , conceded a late leveller and sustained attacks from greece to reach their first ever world cup quarter-final .
holland lie in wake for los ticos after a topsy-turvy encounter in recife , where they went ahead early in the second half through captain bryan ruiz 's first-time strike .
that looked to be enough for costa rica , only for greece defender sokratis papastathopoulos to net a stoppage-time leveller to take the last-16 encounter into extra-time .
the match eventually went to penalties and , after man-of-the-match keylor navas saved theofanis gekas ' attempt , michael umana struck home to send the central americans into the last eight .
video scroll down to watch costa rica fans trash car during world cup celebrations .
proud : costa rica manager jorge luis pinto praised the character of his team after their win in recife .
delight : costa rica celebrate reaching the quarter-finals of the world cup after beating greece in recife .
' i am very happy , ' coach pinto said after the 5-3 penalty shootout win .
` i 'd like to pay my tribute to my .
players .
for 65 minutes we controlled the result .
we trust our strikers .
and the extraordinary goalkeeper we have .
we could n't ask for more .
` this is an incredible emotion that we all feel .
this is a huge success for the team , our .
country , our technical staff , for everybody , for those cheering us on .
at home .
` we are making history .
it 's beautiful what we have done .
this win is for everyone in costa rica .
we dedicate it to you and we will continue fighting .
we see .
beautiful things , we are ambitious and we want to go forward .
we will .
meet an extraordinary team in holland but we 're happy to face them .
we 've done it : two costa rica fans celebrate after seeing their side reach the quarter-finals of the world cup .
video costa rica fans celebrate penalty win .
hero : costa rica goalkeeper keylor navas made the crucial save in the penalty shootout .
denied : navas flung himself to his right to