sir john major said britain had a 50 per cent chance of leaving the eu , adding the country ` could not absorb ' so many migrants in the future .
britain is likely to leave the eu unless it allows us to restrict immigration , sir john major warned last night .
in an extraordinary intervention , the former prime minister said ` our small island can not absorb ' the huge numbers moving here each year .
sir john , who declared as premier that he wanted britain at the heart of the eu , claimed our chances of leaving the union were ` just under 50 per cent ' -- and warned this would increase unless brussels reforms rules on freedom of movement .
he said that although the country welcomed hard-working migrants , the ` sheer scale of the influx ' had put ` strains on our health , welfare , housing and education services ' .
britain had accepted ` one of , if not the largest population movement in peacetime european history ' , he told an audience in germany , adding that failure to tackle the trend would cause ` huge public disquiet ' .
` it is a matter of numbers , ' he said .
` whereas some european populations are falling , the uk has grown by 7 per cent in a decade .
' more than a million people have entered britain from poland and seven other former eastern bloc countries since 2004 , when temporary restrictions on migrants from those nations were dropped by labour .
officials had predicted that just 13,000 would arrive each year .
sir john , the last tory leader to win a commons majority , stressed that he grew up among immigrants in south london who were friends and neighbours .
` i hate having to make this argument .
i hate it .
i do n't wish to close our doors to strangers , especially strangers with skills from countries that are often allies .
` but i do recognise , reluctantly , that our small island simply can not absorb the present and projected numbers at the current speed .
it is not physically or politically possible without huge public disquiet .
' sir john also launched a strong attack on ukip , saying : ` i hope we are going