a detroit man walked up to a bus stop saturday asking if people were muslims and stabbed two that responded no , police say .
federal authorities are investigating possible hate crime charges after terrence lavaron thomas , 39 , knifed one 52-year-old victim five times and stabbed another , 51 , in the hand .
` he was not happy that -lsb- the victims -rsb- indicated that they were not muslims , ' southfield police chief eric hawkins told the washington post .
thomas , according to hawkins , ` said that he was a muslim .
' investigation : federal authorities are investigating whether terrence lavaron thomas , 39 , committed hate crimes when he stabbed two at a bus stop who told him they were not muslim .
after he ` engaged in conversation ' with several people at the bus stop by the northland mall , police said he ` asked some of the folks there if they were muslims .
' the victims ` responded that they were not , and then there was some back-and-forth between the victims and the suspect , ' hawkins said , according to the detroit free press .
thomas then pulled out a three-inch folding knife ` without provocation ' and attacked one of the men , stabbing him once in the face , once in the neck and three times in the back , police said .
he then stabbed another victim in the hand after he attempted to intervene .
police caught up to thomas only a few blocks away from the bus shelter shortly after the incident , finding two knives and some marijuana .
` we are getting indications through my officers that the suspect was somewhat incoherent afterward , and so there 's a question about his stability , ' hawkins said .
the two men were treated at providence hospital and released with non-life-threatening injuries .
southfield police contacted the fbi after the incident and said the agency is investigating possible hate crime charges , according to a press release from the department tuesday .
investigators will also be looking into possible state charges of ethnic intimidation .
under michigan state law ` malicious ' physical contact with the intent to ` intimidate or harass another person because of that person 's race , color , religion , gender , or national origin