three people have been arrested after the skeletal remains of two men were found in a backyard of a home owned by satanists in a north carolina village .
pazuzu illah algarad , 35 , was arrested and charged with murder last sunday after the two bodies were discovered in shallow graves at the house in clemmons where neighbors say he has performed animal sacrifices and satanic rituals .
a friend claims that he had ` told everyone ' about the bodies , but nobody believed him , and he described how he killed them , ate part of them and then burned the rest in a fire pit .
amber nicole burch , 24 , who lives with algarad and is described as his wife on facebook , was also charged with murder , while 28-year-old krystal nicole matlock has been charged as an accessory with police alleging that she helped bury the bodies .
held : pazuzu illah algarad , 35 , -lrb- left -rrb- and his ` wife ' amber nicole burch , 24 , were arrested and charged with murder after the skeletal remains of two men were discovered in shallow graves behind their home .
the first victim has been identified as 37-year-old joshua fredrick wetzler while the second victim has been named as tommy dean welch , 36 .
police have said they also found animal bones in the property and that more arrests as part of the investigation are possible .
after the trio were detained , forsyth district judge gordon miller assigned capital defenders to represent them .
miller told them that if convicted , they could receive life in prison without the possibility of parole or the death penalty .
they are set to appear in court on october 23 .
assisted : krystal nicole matlock , 28 , has been charged as an accessory with police alleging she helped bury the bodies .
on the front door of the house where the skeletal remains were found was a sign warning law-enforcement not to enter .
it reads : ` no gang members allowed : anyone that dresses the same , has the same badge and call themselves the authority of the land they did not create .
below and to the right is a picture of a skull and cross bones .
under that picture are the words , `