by .
david kent .
mexico coach miguel herrera just ca n't keep his joy bottled up , and his enthusiasm has made him one of the most entertaining and popular figures of the world cup and an internet sensation worldwide .
memes of herrera flood the web .
one shows his hair catching on fire cartoon-style .
in another he playfully sticks out his tongue while photobombing three members of his team on the pitch .
in a video , he dances happily to spanish ska music .
video scroll down to watch the reason miguel herrera missed the 1994 world cup .
eccentric : mexico coach miguel herrera has become recognisable for his antics at the world cup .
wild : herrera celebrated the goal that sealed mexico 's progression by jumping on to one of his players .
forget , for a moment at least , herrera 's success in turning around the troubled mexican team , to face holland in the last-16 on sunday .
football fans around the globe have fallen in love with the man 's colourful antics and pulsation towards his country , which are often as absorbing as the goals flying in .
` he is so authentic , so expressive and so genuine , ' said enrique krauze , a mexican historian and world cup commentator .
` he 's becoming the representation of the mexicans ' ability to celebrate and party .
that is very seductive .
' although he wears a suit and a tie , herrera rumbles up and down the sidelines like a classic mexican wrestler .
when his players score , he shakes his arms in the air and seemingly goes into a state of euphoria , throwing his short , stout body up and down the sidelines .
hero : mexico fans hold up a cardboard cutout of the manager 's face as they enjoy beating croatia to qualify .
keeping up : mexican goalkeeper guillermo ochoa ran to his manager and leapt on him to celebrate .
letting loose : herrera missed the 1994 world cup in usa because of this horrific challenge .
he 's gone flying !
herrera ended up kicking honduras attacker dolmo flores up in the air in frustration .
selfie o'clock !
herrera took this picture for his 750,000 followers on social networking site twitter .
he jumps atop