by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
10:21 est , 11 july 2012 .
| .
updated : .
02:02 est , 12 july 2012 .
new warning signs have been erected around blackburn cathedral to stop prostitutes and drug addicts using the grounds .
cathedral bosses in blackburn , lancashire have finally run out of patience with prostitutes using the building 's grounds as an open air brothel .
diocesan authorities are threatening to remove the vice girls who use the alcoves and churchyard of the anglican cathedral to ply their seedy trade , as well as drunks and drug addicts who desecrate the grounds .
they have spent # 1,000 on more than a dozen signs erected on lampposts around the churchyard warning potential wrong-doers that the site is a ` sacred ancient burial ground .
' they fear the ` disgraceful behaviour ' will deter people from enjoying the calm and tranquility of the surroundings .
the cathedral 's canon andrew hindley .
has complained of having to move unconscious drunks from a bench when he .
arrives in the morning and of dirty needles and other drug .
paraphernalia being found in the churchyard .
he .
said clergy and other staff have also been threatened by drunks and .
anti-social youths when asked to move on - as well as muggings in the .
grounds , with police being called to deal with several incidents .
canon .
hindley , who is in operational charge of the cathedral , said : ` things are .
getting worse but that is a reflection of society at large .
` we decided we had to replace the existing signs with new tougher ones in view of what has been happening .
' after warning potential offenders that ` cctv cameras operate in this area , ' the new signs say the cathedral ` reserves the right to ask people who are treating these grounds disrespectfully to leave .
' canon andrew hindley is fed up with prostitutes and drug addicts using the cathedral 's grounds .
the warning notices erected around the .
cathedral 's grounds also say no litter , ball games , shouting or .
swearing , alcohol , drugs or bicycles will be allowed .
canon hindley said : ` the cathedral surrounds are an ancient burial ground and deserve to be