with new phones being released almost monthly , signing up to a 24-month contract for one particular handset can be a gamble , and getting out of contracts can work out more expensive than buying a brand new handset out right .
to tackle this problem , network operator ee has launched its swap scheme that lets customers upgrade to a new device just six months into an 18-month or two-year contract , and pay just a one-off fee .
swap is available to customers already on 4gee , orange and t-mobile plans and after six months they can return their device and get an upgrade to a brand new phone on a 24-month contract on 4gee .
britain 's first 4g network , run by ee , launches today - but has come under fire for its high prices .
then , if within the next six months a better phone comes out , they can swap again .
the amount a customer pays as a one-off fee depends on which contract they are on .
for example , people who currently have a # 51 per month 4gee contract will pay just # 49 to break the contract and upgrade to a new phone and plan .
if the same customer , on a 24-month plan , had to pay off the rest of their contract after six months they would pay # 918 .
the most expensive example given by ee was for customers on a # 36 per month 4gee .
to upgrade through the swap scheme they would have to pay # 249 , compared to buying out their contract for # 648 .
ee 's swap scheme applies to existing 4gee , orange and t-mobile customers .
plans can be upgraded after six months for a one-off fee .
if within the next six months a better phone comes out , they can swap again .
the amount a customer pays as a one-off fee depends on which contract they are on .
on phones4u jump , the customer pays one monthly amount for the handset and services , called the jump payment , and a separate monthly amount for the ` network airtime agreement ' .
the jump agreement can be upgraded after six months .
the amount a customer will pay to jump varies by handset and contract .
o2 's refresh