victims : postmistress fiona and her husband , paul , were forced to live off mouldy bread after diane lathlean helped herself to the profits .
a couple running a village shop and post office were shocked to find their takings dramatically increased when one of their employees went off on a world cruise .
and on her return the couple 's profits plummeted -- by so much that postmistress fiona senior , 48 , had to give up taking a salary out of the business and feed her family mouldy bread .
mrs senior 's husband paul , 45 , became suspicious of shop assistant diane lathlean and watched hours of cctv footage from inside the shop .
he discovered that the shop worker -- who his wife counted as one of her best friends -- had been betraying them by pilfering stock for years , a court heard yesterday .
the couple believe mother-of-three lathlean , 50 , stole stock and cash over a period of four years before she was caught .
they believe her thefts amount to # 50,000 .
while they struggled , she was able to afford to go on a string of round-the-world cruises , including trips to hawaii , the bahamas and california .
after being confronted by mr senior , lathlean quit her job , and later dropped a note through the door offering to repay more than # 3,000 for missing stock from the shop in ampleforth , north yorkshire .
she denied stealing # 3,050 of goods but was convicted by scarborough magistrates on tuesday .
she now faces jail after being sent to york crown court to be sentenced .
chairman of the bench carl harwood told her : ` the offence is so serious you need greater punishment than we can give you .
' mr senior told the court he had long suspected his employee was stealing , adding : ` it stuck out a lot more when diane was on holiday .
we could afford to pay our bills when she was on holiday .
` i suspected after a while there was something wrong .
but because diane was fiona 's best friend she just would not hear of it .
' lathlean , a part-time shelf-stacker and counter assistant , earned around # 90 a week in wages .
lathlean , 50 ,