labour and the scottish nationalists could form a ` permanent alliance ' at westminster , it is claimed today .
despite mounting pressure on ed miliband to rule out any deal with the rampant snp , one labour strategist has floated the idea of an enduring ` german-style ' agreement with the party , according to the new statesman magazine .
it was described as a ` cdu-csu scenario ' , mirroring a deal between angela merkel 's christian democrats with the christian social union in the german state of bavaria .
despite mounting pressure on ed miliband to rule out any deal with the rampant snp -lrb- spurred by a conservative poster , above -rrb- , one labour strategist has reportedly floated the idea of a partnership .
the cdu does not stand candidates in bavaria in exchange for support in germany 's bundestag from the csu .
labour peer lord foulkes , a former mp in scotland , broke ranks last night to insist mr miliband should rule out any post-election deal .
` every labour mp and peer to whom i 've spoken thinks we should rule out any kind of deal with the snp .
what are we waiting for ?
' he demanded .
a national poll last night found 61 per cent of voters would be unhappy with a power-sharing deal involving the snp .
labour voters were marginally more sympathetic to the idea , with 44 per cent in favour of some sort of deal , the survey by former tory treasurer lord ashcroft found .
while the snp has indicated it would not enter a formal coalition , it has suggested it would prop up a minority labour government in key commons votes in exchange for concessions .
a labour source insisted the idea of a permanent deal that would mean the party withdrawing from scotland was ` b ******* ' .
the strategist reportedly claimed a deal could mirror the one held in germany by the cdu and csu .
angela merkel 's christian democrats merge with the christian social union in the german state of bavaria .
tony blair 's # 1,000 donations for each of labour 's 106 key battleground seats have sparked a furious row in the party , after two candidates turned down the cash .
the former prime minister 's spin doctor alastair campbell branded them