four schoolgirls have been left orphaned after a village butcher killed his estranged wife before leaping to his death from a multi-storey car park .
oliver ruse , 37 , was left ` heartbroken ' after his wife debbie left him and their four children and moved abroad .
he is understood to have been upset further when she came back and requested access to their daughters and demanded half the family business , which was founded by his great-great-grandfather .
oliver ruse - the village butcher in long melford , suffolk - is suspected of having killed his wife before taking his own life yesterday .
mr ruse 's wife deborah was found dead at the cottage she had been renting since the couple 's recent split .
mr ruse 's body was found at the bottom of a six-storey car park in bury st edmunds , suffolk .
police discovered his wife 's body a few hours later on thursday afternoon when they went to her rented cottage 13 miles away in the village of long melford .
officers refused to reveal the cause of her death yesterday .
post-mortem examinations are due to take place over the weekend .
the couple 's daughters , aged eight , 11 , 12 , and 16 , were being comforted by family members last night .
a family friend , who asked not to be named , said mr ruse had been on anti-depressants since his wife 's return , adding : ` nobody can quite believe that he did something so terrible .
the whole village is in deep shock .
' another friend said : ` she -lsb- mrs ruse -rsb- came back and demanded half the business .
times are hard and it was just the last straw .
ollie was also a devoted father and he dreaded the thought of her becoming involved with the kids again .
' another villager said : ` he had custody of the kids and lived for his kids .
he made sure they were always smartly dressed for school .
' devastated friends and relatives said mr ruse loved his family and was a ` lovely man ' police stood outside deborah ruse 's cottage after her body was found inside following her husband 's death .
mr ruse 's stepmother , sheelagh -- who married oliver 's father