rising energy bills are a political hot topic at the moment but one youtube user has devised a way of heating a room for just 8p a day .
journalist and boat owner dylan winter created his diy heater using tealights placed inside a bread tin and covered with two ceramic flowerpots .
the system uses the scientific principles of convection heat transfer and winter claims it can heat his home for around eight hours a day .
in the video , the tealights are put inside a bread loaf tin and covered with a small upside-down flowerpot .
the hole in the top of the upside-down pot is covered with the metal casing leftover from one of the tealights .
this pot is covered by a second , larger pot and the hole in the bigger flowerpot is left uncovered .
the system works because the candles produce gases full of heated particles that are captured and channelled through the pots .
these hot gas particles are lighter than the gases in the air , meaning they rise up into the colder area .
this .
causes the cold air to fall into the warm areas and creates a .
convection current which transfers heat from one pot to another , and out of the hole on top .
winter , who posts to youtube under the username keepturningleft , is a journalist and boat owner .
he created the diy heater as an alternative way of heating his boat as well as his office at home .
winter bought tealights from ikea that cost # 1 for 100 , a standard loaf tin , and two different-sized flowerpots .
the smaller flowerpot , when placed upside down , needs to just cover the centre of the loaf tin , while the larger flowerpot needs to sit comfortably over the smaller one .
in the video explaining how to build the heater , winter lights four of the candles and places them inside the tin .
he places the smaller flowerpot upside down on top of the tin and covers the hole in the pot with one of the metal cases leftover from the tealights .
the larger flowerpot is then placed on top of the smaller one , and its hole is left uncovered .
in the video , the tealights are put inside a bread loaf tin