by .
snejana farberov .
published : .
15:52 est , 15 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:23 est , 15 october 2013 .
a wedding band worn by lee harvey oswald until just hours before he gunned down president john f. kennedy is headed for the auction block along with more than two dozen other personal items that once belonged to the notorious assassin .
with the 50th anniversary of the kennedy assassination just over a month away , the new hampshire-based auction house rr auction is getting ready to put on sale 30 historical artifacts connected to oswald , including photographs , postcards , letters , and even his iver johnson revolver .
the crown jewel of the collection is oswald 's 14-karat gold wedding band engraved with the communist symbols of hammer and sickle that was locked away in a safe of a fort-worth , texas , law firm for nearly half a century before it was returned to the assassin 's widow , marina oswald porter .
assassin 's ring : a wedding band worn by lee harvey oswald until just hours before he killed president john f. kennedy will be sold at auction this month .
soviet bling : the 14-karat gold wedding band engraved with the communist symbols of a star and hammer and sickle -lrb- right -rrb- was purchased by oswald in minsk in 1961 .
newlywed : the ring could be seen on lee harvey oswald 's right hand as he poses with marina oswald for their wedding photo on april 30 , 1961 .
seeking closure : marina oswald porter , seen here in minsk shortly after her wedding in 1961 , explained in a five-page handwritten letter accompanying the ring that she has decided to sell it because she wants nothing to do with november 22 , 1963 .
the ring was purchased in a jewellery store in minsk , belarus , before oswald 's marriage to 19-year-old marina prusakova on april 30 , 1961 -- just two months after the two had first met .
according to marina , her husband left the ring on a night table next to her bed at ruth paine 's house in irving , texas , on november 22 , 1963 - the day he set out for dallas to kill the president at dealey plaza .
following oswald 's