by .
tamara abraham and rosie taylor .
published : .
15:23 est , 27 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
07:23 est , 28 november 2012 .
she may have been wearing an old dress , but the duchess of cambridge turned heads with a new haircut at the opening of the natural history museum 's treasure exhibition in london last night .
kate 's new look appears to have been inspired by the late seventies and early eighties , with a heavy parted fringe reminiscent of farah fawcett .
but it was the combination of the new haircut and the retro silk green dress that brought to mind a more significant likeness : that of her husband 's late mother , princess diana .
scroll down for video .
retro style : the duchess of cambridge 's new look at the natural history museum last night -lrb- left -rrb- recalls that of princess diana in the early eighties -lrb- right -rrb- .
on stage : in a speech , the duchess spoke about how she and her husband had enjoyed visits to the natural history museum in the past .
inspiration : kate 's new look appears to have been inspired by the late seventies and early eighties .
diana wore an almost identical green silk chiffon dress during a 1983 tour as she was leaving auckland , new zealand , for a trip to the bahamas .
like kate 's # 1,400 mulberry dress -lrb- previously worn last november to launch the .
queen 's diamond jubilee celebrations at buckingham palace -rrb- , diana 's was buttoned high , belted at the waist and gathered at the wrists creating a balloon sleeve .
even their stances are the same , with hands clasped demurely in front .
trusted stylist : kate 's new hairstyle - which also appears to be darker than before , is believed to have been created by her favourite hairdresser richard ward , who has a salon off sloane square , london .
signature look : diana famously wore a heavy fringe , which fell across her eyes .
now it appears that kate is following her lead .
personal tour : the duchess admires a plate from audubon 's birds of america alongside director of the natural history museum doctor michael dixon -lrb- left -rrb- and special collections manager judith