for one soap fan a simple souvenir t-shirt was n't enough when it comes to expressing her devotion to her favourite programme .
lindsay pearce , from calgary , canada , is such a huge fan of the long running itv soap coronation street that she has characters from the show permanently inked on to her leg .
her elaborate weatherfield-themed tattoos include portraits of corrie 's stars including hayley cropper , rita sullivan and norris cole .
steve pearce has spent months tattooing characters from coronation street such as hayley cropper -lrb- left -rrb- and norris cole -lrb- right -rrb- on to his wife lindsay 's leg .
and luckily for lindsay she has one very helpful connection which means her inkings are n't too pricey in the form of her tattoo artist husband steve pearce .
together the devoted pair have spent hours creating the skin-based tribute to their favourite mancunian show .
steve , who runs his own tattoo studio in calgary , has painstakingly etched images of characters in the soap onto his wife lindsay 's leg .
the couple , who say their shared love of weatherfield helps keep their marriage together , took on the project ahead of a visit to manchester this year .
they will be finishing the body art masterpiece in front of an audience at the tattoo tea party , held at event city near the trafford centre over three days from february 28 to march 1 .
the husband and wife also plan to fit in a visit to the coronation street tour while they are in town .
lindsay and steve -lrb- pictured -rrb- plan to finish their masterpiece at a tattoo show in manchester .
the corrie montage on lindsay 's thigh includes roy and hayley cropper around the hip , a smiling betty williams is at mid-thigh , while rita fairclough is inked above the knee .
steve , whose tattoo studio is called immaculate concept , says that the most difficult part of the process was settling on a corrie character to ink .
` we thought is would be a cool idea to do a coronation street tattoo before we left and maybe finish it at the show .
` the hard part was narrowing down the characters we wanted to use causing the piece to keep getting larger and larger .
' despite