burglars have struck twice at peaches geldof 's home since her death last month , police revealed last night .
the house where bob geldof 's daughter lived with her husband , thomas cohen , and their two children has been targeted by thieves in recent weeks .
cctv had been installed in the # 1million home , in wrotham , kent , but the cameras were damaged by the trespassers .
peaches geldof with her husband tom cohen and sons phaedra , left , and astala right .
the lawnmower which they are sitting on was stolen last month .
a red ride-on lawnmower , which featured in one of their family photographs taken before miss geldof 's death , was stolen in the first incident in mid-april .
no items were stolen in the second attack , which happened on friday .
miss geldof was found dead in her home on april 7 .
mr cohen found her slumped in her bed after he had been unable to contact her the night before .
it was revealed at the opening of the tv presenter and columnist 's inquest that recent heroin use ` was likely to have played a role ' in her death .
peaches geldof 's house in wrotham in kent , pictured at the time of her death , which has been targeted by thieves .
a spokesman for kent police told the mail last night : ` police are investigating a burglary at an address in wrotham on may 9 .
` officers were at the address within five minutes and no personal items are believed to have been stolen .
` additionally , in mid-april a lawnmower was reported to have been taken from the grounds .
' a source told the sun : ` the people who did this are just vultures .
' there has been speculation mr cohen would sell the house because of its association with his late wife 's death .
the star 's death has tragic similarities to that of her mother , paula yates , who died from an accidental heroin overdose in 2000 at the age of 41 .
after launching an investigation into miss geldof 's death , kent police said it was ` unexplained with no third party ' involvement .
earlier this month , police confirmed that drugs paraphernalia had been found