manchester united 's humiliation of their noisy neighbours city at old trafford led the club 's official website to claim the city was turned red once more in the space of 90 minutes .
yet was this the case ?
was that 4-2 win a sign that united are the dominant force in manchester again , or should we just chalk it off as nothing more than a bad game for the defending champions ?
city had , after all , beaten united four consecutive times going into the derby , so should the red half of manchester be so confident sitting four points ahead ?
here is sportsmail 's verdict on the issues .
is manchester red again ?
of course not , it is neither red or blue .
united 's website declared this to be the case and they will rightly revel in sunday 's victory for a while .
what perhaps best sums up city 's current plight , meanwhile , is that they have been dragged back in to this parochial little squabble at all .
manuel pellegrini and his players began this season with aspirations of defending their barclays premier league title and making an impact on the champions league .
manchester united 's players celebrate together during the derby win for the red half of the city .
juan mata salutes the old trafford crowd while ashley young and wayne rooney celebrate his goal .
with united setting their own sights no higher than a return to the top four , the club from the other side of town were the least of their worries .
yet here we are in april with city already being lapped by league leaders chelsea and united now easing away from them in third .
it 's a remarkable state of affairs even if a look at the fixture list does offer city some semblance of hope .
united 's next two games are at chelsea and everton , and they still have a home fixture with arsenal and a visit to crystal palace to follow .
city , on the other hand , have four home games you would expect them to win and away matches at spurs and swansea .
can city take maximum points between now and the end of the season ?
in theory they could but that would take some doing from