by .
associated press .
four men face multiple charges after two people were injured in memorial day shootings on florida 's clearwater beach .
clearwater police spokeswoman joelle castelli said the monday evening shootings arose from fights between groups of people .
the first shots were fired by a group shortly before 7pm in a temporary parking garage near the hyatt regency clearwater beach resort and spa .
the other group were in the street .
scroll down for video .
deputies pulled over a car and took people into custody following shooting near a hotel in clearwater , florida on monday .
another shooting occurred near pier 60 , two blocks away from the hyatt hotel .
police refused to disclose the location of the third shooting .
police said the shootings came after an apparent gang-related argument at the popular beach spot where families were enjoying memorial day .
at least two people were shot - one in the hand and the other in the groin area .
police said the person who was shot in the hand fled the area .
neither of the victims were random bystanders .
haley tausinger , 17 , who works at a local beach restaurant told the tampa tribune that a group had gathered before the shootings took place .
she said that customers and staff fled into a back room when the gunshots rang out .
miss tausinger said : ` once the shooting started everyone started running and getting down on the ground .
i was pretty distraught after it .
' jerry lee holmes , 31 , -lrb- pictured left -rrb- was arrested for shooting inside an occupied structure and jared kashon woodard , 18 , is facing charges of drug possession .
jeffrey james grier , 20 , -lrb- pictured left -rrb- was arrested for charges including being a felon in possession of a firearm and terrance antonio kirnes , 20 , was arrested for resisting an officer without violence .
access to the beach was cut off for a time but later reopened only to residents.the two bridges onto clearwater beach were closed for a short time causing traffic delays .
the hyatt was also closed as investigators searched room by room .
jeffrey lee holmes , 31 , was arrested for shooting into an occupied structure ; terrance antonio kirnes , 20 , was