freedom was so close , yet so far for this centipede .
after being swallowed whole by a snake , it made one last desperate attempt to escape by eating its way out of her stomach .
researchers found the dead nose-horned female viper with its prey exploding from its side during a field study in macedonia on may 14 last year .
both creatures were dead .
unlucky : a snake was found dead with a centipede 's head sticking out of its abdomen in macedonia last year by a group of researchers .
researchers believe that the 20cm young snake may have underestimated the size of the prey and paid a fatal price .
the reptile was found on golem grad , also known as snake island , and was reported in the journal ecologica montenegrina by serbian herpetologist ljiljana tomovic last month .
tomovic came to a conclusion that the juvenile snake also ate its meal alive due to the full-grown insect 's tough invertebrate .
` we can not dismiss the possibility that the snake had swallowed the centipede alive , and that , paradoxically , the prey has eaten its way through the snake , almost reaching its freedom , ' she wrote .
in an article headed ` two fangs good , a hundred legs better ' .
the last supper : researchers believe the viper underestimated the size and strength of the full-grown insect .
not so tasty : the paper ` two fangs good , a hundred legs better ' reported that the young viper swallowed its prey whole and alive .
a post-mortem revealed the 15cm fighter , also known as scolopendra cingulata , caused damage to the vipera ammodytes ' digestive organs .
tomovic wrote that it was n't uncommon for young vipers from golem grad to consume such creatures but this case was particularly startling as the prey was over-sized .
` unexpectedly , the mass of the prey was greater than that of the predator : the viper weighed 4.2 g and the centipede 4.8 g , ' she wrote .
` we assume the young snake gravely underestimated the size and strength of the centipede , which itself is known as a ferocious predator .
'