wallabies star kurtley beale has been dropped from the wallabies side ahead of this saturday 's clash with argentina , after the rugby player was involved in an alleged verbal altercation with a female staff member .
australia 's coach ewen mckenzie has confirmed that beale has been left out of the 23-man squad but says the decision was made as a game strategy , for ` team balance ' - rather than as disciplinary action after the controversy .
beale has found himself embroiled in more drama and controversy , with the australian rugby union 's integrity unit investigating an alleged incident on the team 's long-haul journey to argentina on sunday .
beale was involved in a verbal altercation with a wallabies staff member , named by the sydney morning herald as business manager di patston , while travelling from johannesburg to sao paolo the day after the side 's 28-10 loss to the springboks in cape town .
the event reportedly occurred during a long day of travel , which saw the team first depart cape town at 6am to fly to johannesburg .
next , they boarded south african airways flight 222 to sao paulo , where they waited almost four hours before flying on to their final destination of buenos aires .
the management staff member returned to australia on tuesday of her own accord , from buenos aires , two days ' later .
wallabies star kurtley beale was allegedly involved in a verbal altercation with a female staff member during a flight from johannesburg to sao paolo on saturday .
wallabies coach ewen mckenzie missed training on tuesday afternoon to escort her to the airport but on wednesday said beale remained available for selection for saturday 's rugby championship clash with the pumas in mendoza .
beale 's 47-test career has been dogged by a succession of off-field problems and last year the 25-year-old was forced to undergo counselling and rehabilitation for his struggles with alcohol .
mckenzie , though , said the troubled playmaker should n't be hung out to dry .
` obviously we 're aware of the history but you deal with every incident as it comes along , ' he said .
` and you 've got to determine the facts and until we determine that fully , i 'm not going to make any more judgment on it