a stressful job and lifestyle could damage a person 's short-term memory in old age , scientists have warned .
a study at the university of iowa has found a potential link between a hormone and short-term memory loss in older people .
it revealed that having high levels in cortisol - a natural hormone in the body , which increases when a person is stressed - can lead to memory lapses as a person ages .
high levels of the stress hormone cortisol can increase the risk of short-term memory loss in old age , researchers have warned .
short-term increases in cortisol levels are vital for survival .
the hormone allows a person to cope , helping the body to respond to life 's challenges by making it more alert and allowing a person to think on their feet .
but abnormally high or prolonged spikes in cortisol , which can happen when a person is dealing with long-term stressful situations , can lead to digestion problems , anxiety , weight gain and high blood pressure , studies have shown .
jason radley , an assistant psychology professor at the university of iowa , said : ` stress hormones are one mechanism that we believe leads to weathering of the brain .
` like a rock on the shoreline , after years and years it will eventually break down and disappear .
' scientists linked the raised levels of cortisol to the gradual loss of synapses in the prefrontal cortex , the region of the brain that houses short-term memory .
synapses are the connections that help the brain process , store and recall information .
as a person ages , repeated and long-term exposure to cortisol , can cause synapses to shrink and disappear .
while previous research has shown .
cortisol produces similar affects in other regions of the ageing brain , .
this is the first study to examine its impact on the prefrontal cortex , .
the university said .
researchers discovered prolonged exposure to high levels of the hormone affected the prefrontal cortex of the brain , which is responsible for short-term memory .
although .
the results are preliminary findings , scientists said they could .
provide the basis for research into how short-memory decline in ageing .
adults could be slowed or prevented .
the study , published in the journal