by .
sam adams .
published : .
09:52 est , 4 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:23 est , 4 april 2013 .
tragic : five-year-old kelsey smart died of meningitis after two doctors failed to spot the signs of the killer bug .
a five-year-old girl who died from meningitis had been seen by two gps less than 48 hours before she died , an inquest heard today .
the doctors thought kelsey smart was suffering from viral gastroenteritis but in fact she had the deadly brain condition .
the schoolgirl died in hospital on february 28 last year , the hearing at avon coroner 's court heard .
she had been examined by an out-of-hours gp on the night of february 26 and seen again the following .
morning by a doctor at her local surgery .
three .
hours later kelsey started fitting and was rushed to hospital where she .
later died .
her mother , hannah smart , told the hearing in a written .
statement that she was concerned that none of the doctors who examined .
kelsey had considered meningitis .
` we .
had a meeting with a senior doctor and the orchard medical centre , a dr .
yates , who suggested that kelsey had been let down by the doctors .
treating her , ' she said .
these feelings are echoed by myself and my .
entire family .
' i am .
concerned that at no point did any of the frendoc staff or any staff .
at the gp surgery inform me about meningitis and what to look out for .
i believe now that she had signs and symptoms pointing to meningitis .
' the .
inquest heard that kelsey , from kingswood , bristol , had first .
starting feeling unwell on the night of february 25 and was vomiting .
hourly .
she .
was also tired and had developed a small pinprick rash on her abdomen .
and left upper leg .
mrs smart said that by the following afternoon .
kelsey was still unwell and she called frendoc - an out-of-hours gp .
service in south gloucestershire .
a doctor called back and having spoken to mrs smart told her to give kelsey dioralyte - a brand of rehydration medication - and if she could not keep that