by .
emily davies .
published : .
07:31 est , 22 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:13 est , 22 january 2013 .
an artist has transformed discarded christmas trees into green ` monsters ' by adding googly eyes and facial expressions .
dean stockton was shocked at the number of festive trees that had been thrown out after the festive period so decided to give them a new lease of life .
he hung a pair of white baubles with hand-painted eyes on at the top of the trees and used a piece of tinsel for a smile or frown .
unloved : artist dean stockton gave london 's discarded christmas trees their own personalities .
he made some look like they are staring at each other or at passersby while others look happy and sad .
one dead tree was even given ` crossed out ' eyes .
some of the wacky creations resemble oscar the grouch from children 's tv show sesame street .
they are now providing great amusement of the people of london .
dean , 35 , said : ` every year i 've always noticed the huge number of trees that are thrown out after christmas .
` while i appreciate these cut down trees are generally replaced by seeds or saplings , there 's something incredibly wasteful about them just being thrown out .
` so the idea sprung to mind that i could .
recycle them , give them a second life and hopefully get people to .
associate to them differently .
white baubles were used to create eyes for the trees which were found discarded around london .
` wasteful ' : dean said he wanted to recycle the christmas trees to create amusement and enjoyment for passersby .
grouch : inspiration for this binned tree was sesame street 's character oscar the grouch -lrb- pictured right -rrb- .
` part of the rule on how i work is the trees have to be found , they ca n't be staged , and it has to be how they have been thrown out and found .
` they say `` eyes are the window to the soul '' and it 's pretty easy to give any inanimate object emotions with a pair of eyes .
` as an added expression on some of the trees