beer consumption was down for the 181st oktoberfest festival in munich with the bavarian beer celebration 's 6.3 million visitors drinking 1.2 million litres less amber nectar than last year .
this year 's visitors downed 6.5 million litres of beer , a significant reduction on the 2013 figures of 7.7 million litres from an estimated 6.4 million guests .
the 2014 festivities , which began with the tapping of the first keg on september 20 , closed on sunday with the traditional gun salute from the munich salute gun regiment 's one-shot rifles .
scroll down for video .
oktoberfest waitresses salute the end of oktoberfest in munich with a well-deserved litre of beer after two weeks of celebrations .
an oktoberfest waitress celebrates the end of the 181st version of the festival on sunday with a stein of beer and a sparkler .
revellers dance away the final moments of the world 's biggest festival , which closed on sunday after two weeks of beer drinking .
the 6.3 million visitors to munich for oktoberfest drank 1.2 million litres less beer than last year .
an oktoberfest partygoer in traditional costume holds on as the teufelsrad -lrb- devil 's wheel -rrb- fairground ride spins on the last day of the 2014 oktoberfest .
one man is double-parked with steins of beer as he and a friend enjoy the final day of oktoberfest in the bavarian capital .
munich mayor dieter reiter declared the 2014 festivities ` unbelievably pleasant ' as the final drops were pulled from the last of thousands of wooden kegs .
while there was a reduction in the amount of steins consumed this year , incidences of alcohol poisoning were also down with the bavarian red cross recording just 600 such incidents compared to 629 in 2013 and 739 in 2012 .
the red cross were seen by 7,900 patients over the two-week event , up marginally on last year , but mainly due to minor injuries after wet weather early on in the festival .
police were overall satisfied with how partygoers behaved , with just 720 arrests at the world 's largest drinking festival .
actual detentions were down 39 on last year but not all who attended behaved in the right spirit .
` from bite wounds to kicking , we had it all , ' police spokesman wolfgang wenger said.poor weather