by .
sarah griffiths .
published : .
11:24 est , 26 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:29 est , 26 november 2013 .
rain as acidic as lemon juice may have played a part in killing off plants and organisms around the world during the most severe mass extinction in earth 's history .
a team of u.s. scientists have simulated the great dying , which occurred around 252 million years ago , when the vast majority of species became extinct .
while the massive extinction is a matter of scientific debate , the researchers found that sulphur emissions from massive volcano eruptions , were significant enough to create extremely acidic rain , which could have affected plant growth .
rain as acidic as lemon juice may have played a part in killing off plants and organisms around the world during the most severe mass extinction in earth 's history , 252 million years ago , according to mit researchers .
a forest devastated by acid rain is pictured .
the great dying is the earth 's most severe known extinction event , with up to 96 per cent of all marine species and 70 per cent of terrestrial vertebrate species becoming extinct .
scientists largely believe it was made up of three phases , including a gradual environmental change and a catastrophic event .
possible catastrophes include a massive chain of volcanic eruptions , fires from the siberian traps and a sudden release of methane clathrate from the sea floor , which is also known as fire ice .
pin-pointing the exact cause of the great dying is difficult as much as the evidence created some 250 million years ago has now disappeared or is concealed within multiple layers of rock .
a huge impact event has been suggested as a possible cause of the mass extinction , based on the examination of grains of ` shocked quartz ' and meteorite fragments in antarctica , but no impact site has been found .
one of the attractions of the theory is that it could trigger other causes such as the siberian traps eruptions .
widespread ocean anoxia -lrb- a severe deficiency of oxygen -rrb- has also been blamed for the event in the late permian to the early triassic .
the spread of toxic , oxygen-depleted water would have been devastating for marine life ,