by .
steve nolan .
published : .
12:31 est , 3 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:00 est , 3 october 2013 .
finally sentenced : mohammadullah khan 's case was adjourned six times as he employed delaying tactics in a bid to stay in the uk , but he was eventually sentenced today .
an asylum seeker who groped a tourist and delayed his court case in a bid to stay in the uk has finally been sentenced and will deported once he has served time in prison .
mohammadullah khan , 20 , who came to britain from afghanistan , assaulted a 26-year-old french woman as she got off a night bus in maida vale , west london , in july last year .
khan 's case cost the taxpayer tens of thousands of pounds after the case had to be adjourned six times as the defendant tried to change his plea and refused to co-operate with either the probation service or his own legal team .
southwark crown court heard that khan tried to grab the victim 's bottom and kiss her and claimed his hand over her mouth to muffle her screams .
he only let his victim go when a resident on the street heard a noise and shouted at khan .
khan originally pleaded guilty , but initially held up the first court hearing when he tried to retract that plea .
he then told the court that he needed a psychiatric report because life in prison had ` driven him mad ' .
the case was delayed on a third occasion when khan refused to co-operate with the probation service because he was apparently convinced that they were immigration officers .
in april , khan 's lawyer decided she could no longer act for him , creating further problems .
he still refuses to co-operate fully with his legal team and his barrister could offer no mitigation for him .
his sentencing finally went ahead today , after further delays caused by khan 's refusal to be joined in the dock by an interpreter .
he finally confirmed his guilty plea today , but still shouted ` conspiracies ' at the judge as sentence was passed .
prosecutor david ryan told the court : ` the victim had been out with her boyfriend and friends .
she had left