by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
11:20 est , 24 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:47 est , 25 november 2013 .
if you 've been struggling to shift the last few stubborn pounds in the run-up to christmas , help could be at hand .
harvey nichols ' beyond medispa have unveiled a new fat-burning laser called the vanquish which claims to make a significant difference within four weeks .
the laser treatment , which can whittle up to two inches off the waistline , is expected to be particularly popular with new mothers , many of whom are anxious to swap mummy tummies for a flat stomach like the duchess of cambridge .
all gone : the duchess of cambridge shows off her flat stomach while playing volleyball during a visit .
the duchess sparked headlines back in october when she showed off a noticeably trim stomach while joining young volleyball players at copper box at the former olympic park .
shortly afterwards , it was revealed that demand for fat-busting treatments shot up in subsequent weeks , with one harley street clinic reporting a staggering 650 per cent rise .
a spokesperson at the lovelite harley street clinic said : ` we started receiving an unprecedented number of calls last friday for tummy treatments and almost all were from mothers who had recently given birth .
we normally make about 12 new bookings a week , but in less than two days we had 40 .
` the phone was ringing off the hook and there were quite a few bookings left on voicemail over the weekend and the bookings have continued at the rate of about 10 a day all through this week .
` we usually ask callers what prompted them to seek out the treatment and on friday and over the weekend almost all said they wanted to get a flat stomach like kate 's .
mummy tummy : like other new mothers , kate showed a noticeably rounded stomach on leaving hospital .
before and after : after four weeks of using the vanquish machine , a slimmer figure -lrb- right -rrb- could be yours .
` many said they had failed to get their initial figure back after three months - even with a good diet and fitness regime and now needed extra help to shift