by .
frank thorne .
and harriet arkell .
published : .
06:25 est , 5 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:25 est , 5 april 2013 .
australian airline qantas has removed pork from its in-flight menu on routes to and from europe after going into partnership with middle eastern airline emirates .
no food containing pork or pork products will be served on the european flights - which now have a stopover in dubai - because pork is considered ` unholy ' and therefore strictly forbidden by islam .
all meals offered on the route in first , business and economy classes will also be prepared without alcohol in keeping with the islamic religion .
pork sausages are now banned from qantas flights through europe after a merger with emirates .
the qantas pork ban comes as other .
airlines - in the wake of the qantas-emirates merger - jostle for market .
share by aggressively discounting fares from australia to europe .
a note on the qantas menus on flights in and out of dubai states that the meals do not contain pork products or alcohol .
the airline has also introduced a mezze plate , offering traditional middle eastern fare in its upper classes , and has arabic translations after in-flight announcements .
a qantas spokesman said the decision to remove pork , ham and other related food items had had minimal impact on its menu , and said it was still offering the same meal choices .
` qantas in-flight catering often reflects the cultural and regional influences of the international destinations we fly to , ' he said .
` on flights to and from hong kong and china , our menus include regionally inspired dishes such as stir fries and to singapore we have noodle options .
' meals on qantas flights in and out of dubai , above , no longer contain pork products or any alcohol .
qantas also offers meals without pork and alcohol on flights to the indonesian capital jakarta , which also has a large muslim population .
several other airlines which fly from australia to the united arab emirates and malaysia do not serve pork either .
virgin australia does not serve pork on flights to and from abu dhabi and all meals that are prepared are halal accredited , with meat prepared in