by .
deni kirkova .
she has been in the role just over two months , and zara phillips seems to be taking to motherhood with no mess nor fuss .
the royal equestrian , 32 , carried baby girl mia , who was born on january 17 , over her shoulder as the pair headed out to see daddy mike tindall play rugby yesterday .
zara was clad in a comfortable pair of boots and warm beanie and jacket as mia wore a cute onesie .
mother and daughter had cause to celebrate as mike , 35 , captained gloucester to a 40-33 victory over newcastle falcons .
zara phillips and baby mia make their first public appearance together as they watch daddy mike tindall playing for gloucester against the newcastle falcons yesterday .
zara phillips wears a cosy beanie and jackets and comfortable boots .
following his win mike took over baby duty today as he took mia out in a stroller , while zara returned to work at point to point where she trains horses .
he was joined at the land rover gatcombe horse trails with zara 's brother peter and his family , wife autumn and children savannah , three , and one-year-old isla .
savannah , the queen 's eldest great-grandchild , looked to be a bit of a handful as she frolicked around happily enjoying the sunshine with her dog .
wearing a red coat , denim skirt and black boots the playful tot wore her royal parents out as she ran back and forth while they took time out from watching the horses .
mike tindall pushes the buggy around the gatcombe horse trials whilst zara works at point to point .
can i have one , mummy !
autumn phillips dishes out the biscuits to eager daughters savannah and isla .
peter and autumn phillips took children savannah and isla out on day two of the gatcombe horse trials .
princess anne at the gatcombe horse trials , gatcombe park , gloucestershire .
a smiling princess anne wears a fluffy hat and hunter wellies to the gatcombe horse trials .
grandmother princess anne could be seen happily watching and laughing at the young adventurer from the sidelines .
the happy family disappeared briefly to enjoy lunch in a private tent but excitable savannah , who is 13th in line to the