islamic state militants fighting in syria and iraq have been provided with a chilling list of dos and do n'ts explaining how to treat the thousands of sex slaves held in the terror group 's prison-brothels .
a document issued earlier this month by the group 's ` department for prisoners and women 's affairs ' explains in sickening detail exactly who can be made a sex slave , when a woman should be beaten , and under what circumstances it is justified to rape prepubescent girls .
up to 5,000 kidnapped women and children are held as sex slaves in the vast swathes of syria and iraq controlled by isis , many of them in the group 's stronghold and de facto capital raqqa .
the vast majority of the captives are members of the yazidi religion who were kidnapped during the mount sinjar massacre in early august .
the rules state that these women can be imprisoned and raped on a daily basis by militants who purchase them as slaves for as little as # 27 each .
scroll down for video .
supporters : taking the form of a ` slavery for dummies ' guide , the document is laid out in a notably simplistic question and answer format designed to assist even the least intelligent jihadi in his treatment of sex slaves .
slavery : this 15-year-old yazidi girl - who did want to be identified for fear of retribution - escaped isis militants by drugging and shooting the two ` husbands ' who bought her as a sex slave .
the document outlining the rules by which islamic state militants can take and hold slaves was released by the terror group 's ` department for prisoners and women 's affairs ' on december 3 .
the department , headed by a militant known as abu suja , helps the terror group enforce policy decisions made by the shura council - a kind of religious advisory body appointed by leader abu bakr al-baghdadi to study the koran and make rulings based on their interpretation of sharia law .
taking the form of a ` slavery for dummies ' guide , the document is laid out in a distinctly simplistic question and answer format designed to assist even the least intelligent jihadi in his slave treatment .
the u.s.-based middle east media research institute obtained an original