nice guy image : jamie oliver closed two recipease stores without giving employees any notice .
jamie oliver has closed two of his cooking class shops - but failed to tell staff until they were abruptly cleared out of the premises during a shift .
customers with bookings were also not informed of the sudden decision , and many found out just days before their classes were meant to take place after ringing up to ask for directions or confirmation .
the star chef shut down his recipease branches in clapham junction and brighton after five years of operation - with a spokesman claiming they were now ` focusing energies on their flagship notting hill branch ' .
but one customer , who called the business to complain about a cancelled booking , says a despondent former employee temporarily posted to customer services admitted the stores were ` making no money ' .
another former worker at the brighton store has labelled the move ` heartless and shameful ' .
the part-time employee , a student who did not want to be named , claims a woman from head office came in to the store to close the place down - and customers and staff had to leave the premises immediately .
he told mailonline : ` they literally just came in at lunch , kicked out customers , shut the doors and hey presto .
it was one lady from london head office .
` our food champs were renowned for there incredible work and classes .
` to be just sacked off just like that .
shameful , as if he could n't afford to keep us open a few more weeks so we could have a proper send off .
' i was offered one week 's wages , woopey do !
very heartless thing to do considering our loyalty and hard work towards the company .
` the worst part is not even being able to thank regulars for their custom face to face .
instead having a `` poster in the window '' job .
' another member of staff , from the clapham junction store , claimed she turned up to work last monday to find the doors locked and said workers were appalled by the last-minute decision .
the recipease stores were opened in 2009 to create ` buzzing little community hubs where