a tour guide in the scottish highlands has captured the amazing moment a meteor burned up in the atmosphere in a stunning image .
his long-exposure shot of loch ness shows the shooting star streaking across the sky .
and the event is so bright that it casts its light across the water .
scroll down for video .
john alasdair macdonald captured the image from drumnadrochit on the west coast of loch ness in scotland .
his 30-second long exposure shot -lrb- shown -rrb- was taken with a sony rx100 .
he said that it was just ` sheer dumb luck ' that he managed to get the photo .
the photographer was john alasdair macdonald , a tour guide in the scottish highlands from drumnadrochit on the west shore of loch ness , who runs the website called the hebridean explorer .
mr macdonald captured the 30-second long image using a sony rx100 compact camera at about 9pm on sunday .
and he said that it was just ` sheer dumb luck ' that he managed to get the photo .
an asteroid is a large chunk of rock left over from collisions or the early solar system .
most are located between mars and jupiter in the main belt .
a comet is a rock covered in ice , methane and other compounds .
their orbits take them much further out of the solar system .
a meteor is what we call a flash of light in the atmosphere when debris burns up .
this debris itself is known as a meteoroid .
most are so small they are vapourised in the atmosphere .
if any of this meteoroid makes it to earth , it is called a meteorite .
meteors , meteoroids and meteorites normally originate from asteroids and comets .
for example , if earth passes through the detail of a comet , much of the debris burns up in the atmosphere , forming a meteor shower .
mr macdonald , 42 , wanted to take pictures of the night to advertise the area for his business .
the father-of-three , who lives in drumnadrochit , near inverness , said : ` i 've never seen a shooting star before , i could n't believe it .
i quickly checked to see if my camera had picked it up , and it had .
my