if uxizandre 's ryanair chase success on thursday is to be ap mccoy 's last festival win - the 31st of his career - it will stick long in the memory .
but , typically , at least for the time being , it will be confined to the recesses of the mccoy memory bank as he fixes his thoughts on the prospect of a fairy-tale end to his cheltenham career on friday afternoon .
over breakfast , he might afford himself a smile - of contentment not satisfaction , you do n't win 19 championships being satisfied - as he dares to dream what might be when his betfred gold cup mount , carlingford lough , begins his bid for glory shortly after 3.20 pm .
one thing is certain , the mood will be better at the mccoy table than it was 24 hours earlier .
ap mccoy rides uxizandre to victory in thursday 's ryanair chase for his 31st cheltenham festival win .
mccoy celebrates with the trophy after his first festival win of 2015 with his peadar mccoy by his side .
wife chanelle admitted the atmosphere had been ` melancholy ' after two fruitless days amid , no doubt , a creeping fear that things were not going her husband 's way for his last performances on the greatest of jump racing stages .
mccoy 's wife chanelle admitted a ` melancholy ' had come over ap after two winless days but that he was delighted to break his duck on the 16-1 shot .
all that changed when 16-1 shot uxizandre , not even the first string of his trainer alan king in the ryanair chase but transformed by the fitting of a visor , galloped out in front and never looked like being caught as he passed the finishing line five lengths clear of ma filleule .
even the crowd seemed stunned at first .
the roar took time to grow but by the time mccoy had returned to the winners ' enclosure , they were raising three cheers .
after being joined on the winner 's podium by chanelle , his father peadar and boss jp mcmanus , mccoy said : ` cheltenham is a very special place .
it is where every jockey wants to win and i am no different .
these are the days i am going to miss