by .
daniel martin .
published : .
10:24 est , 22 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
07:31 est , 23 june 2012 .
former ira commander martin mcguinness will shake hands with the queen next week .
their meeting will mark a momentous and controversial step in the northern ireland peace process .
mr mcguinness , northern ireland 's deputy first minister , is to meet the monarch at a jubilee event in belfast on wednesday , it was announced yesterday by sinn fein -- the political wing of the ira .
the handshake , which is due to take place behind closed doors , will be difficult for the queen , who has lost members of her own family to republican violence .
historic : it will be the first time in the monarch 's 60-year reign that she shakes hands with any former member of the ira .
mr mcguinness was a commander in the terrorist group .
prince philip 's much-loved uncle , .
lord mountbatten of burma , was assassinated by an ira bomb planted in .
his fishing boat in 1979 .
the meeting will be hard for many .
republicans to stomach , because they see the queen as the representative .
of an occupying country .
no sinn fein mps sit in parliament because .
they refuse to take an oath of allegiance to her .
lord tebbit , who was injured in the .
1984 brighton bomb which left his wife margaret in a wheelchair , said he .
hoped the meeting showed that sinn fein was starting to ` repent ' .
concerns : sinn fein president gerry adams said the decision would ` understandably cause difficulties for some republicans and nationalists ' he said : ` i 'm glad that mr mcguinness .
is moving to finally acknowledge that the queen is sovereign over .
northern ireland and i hope it 's another step on his way towards .
confessing and repenting for the crimes of ira/sinn fein .
' martin mcguinness -lrb- pictured in the early 70s -rrb- has faced repeated .
questions over his ira past which stretched back to the 1970s .
he joined the provisional ira as a teenager and quickly rose up the ranks .
by 1971 , aged 21 , he was second in command of the ira in derry