when it was announced that che adams was joining sheffield united from ilkeston of the evo stik league premier division in november , the news was largely overshadowed by the club 's interest in another striker .
ched evans may have a vaguely similar name to the teenager , but the circumstances surrounding the two players could not have been more different .
while united were forced to abandon plans to offer evans a route back into football following his release from prison amid a blaze of bad publicity , adams slipped quietly into bramall lane on a two-year-deal .
che adams spearheaded a fightback from sheffield united that nearly took them to the capital one cup final .
adams arrival went largey unnoticed as united were being criticised for reports linking them with ched evans .
nigel clough 's side were moments away from taking the tie with tottenham into extra time .
everyone will know who he is this morning , though , after the 18-year-old so nearly turned the second leg of this capital one cup semi-final on its head last night .
ultimately , tottenham booked their place at wembley , but the premier league club were left rocking on their heels by the introduction of adams in place of jamal campbell-ryce in the 74th minute .
his two coolly taken goals in the space of just 140 seconds put the blades level on aggregate and on course for extra-time until christian eriksen broke their hearts with his second goal of the night .
it was a stunning performance from the youngster , even if his manager nigel clough was less than impressed with his goal celebration .
` he 's got to learn not to slide in the corner and celebrate when we 've still got to get another goal !
' said clough .
` get the ball out of the net and get back to the centre-spot and we can go again .
` hopefully we 'll be talking about him for the next few years .
we 've been delighted since he 's come in .
just a few months ago he was playing a few leagues down .
` we like the look of him .
he 's still quite raw , only 18 years old , but he 's got a lot of potential .
` he 's cup-tied in