by .
mark duell .
and sophie jane evans .
temperatures will soar into the eighties across much of england today on what is forecast to be the hottest day of the year so far .
it will hit around 27c -lrb- 80.6 f -rrb- in the south east , a full 4c hotter than madrid and matching the top uk temperature this summer , 27c in cupar , fife , on june 18 .
the average for july is 19.4 c -lrb- 67f -rrb- but the met office 's nicola maxey said : ` temperatures will be warm , in the mid-twenties in the rest of england .
' scroll down for video .
making a splash : two girls play in a water fountain on the south bank of london , as temperatures reach 24c in the capital on wednesday .
wade in the water : tamara raw , 18 , enjoys the lovely weather at the beach in looe , cornwall .
enjoying the sunshine : shrewsbury school lead bedford modern school during their princess elizabeth challenge cup race at the henley royal regatta .
on the beach : a young woman relaxes in brighton , east sussex , at lunchtime - with temperatures in parts of the south-east expected to hit 27c this week .
sunny : glare on the shard in london -lrb- left -rrb- , and amelia baskerville mccrystal -lrb- right -rrb- , four , plays in the fountains at queen elizabeth olympic park in stratford , east london .
soaking up the rays : spectators at the henley royal regatta make the most of the sunshine - and their summer dresses - by tanning their legs on the riverbank .
seeking the sun : people make the most of the warm weather on brighton beach yesterday , with the famous pier in the background .
the hot conditions are expected to .
continue into tomorrow , but a band of rain will begin sweeping across .
britain , bringing showers to much of england on saturday .
it means cyclists taking part in the first stages of the tour de france .
in yorkshire this weekend will get a real taste of the british summer .
with a mixture of sunshine and showers .
john griffiths , a forecaster with meteogroup , said : ` it 's going to be a very wet