holocaust survivor henry wermuth escaped from a labour camp in german-occupied poland and tried to kill hitler by derailing his train in 1942 .
one morning in 1942 , a train carrying hitler rattled past klaj , a polish village just east of cracow .
had things gone according to plan , the fuhrer would soon be dead , as the three-wagon locomotive was meant to crash - derailed by a pile of logs and stones on the tracks .
near the scene , a young jewish man looked on , devastated that his audacious scheme to kill the nazi dictator had failed .
that man was henry wermuth , a 19-year-old inmate at a labour camp in the area who hatched the plan after befriending a disgruntled german soldier , and then smuggling himself out .
here , his daughter ilana metzger recounts the amazing exploits of her father , now a 91-year-old novelist living in north-west london .
in total , he survived eight camps during the holocaust , including auschwitz ... ` my father henry wermuth was born in frankfurt in 1923 and is old enough to remember the rise of the nazi party and the way germany changed once hitler was in power , restricting the rights of the german jews , taking away their jobs then their businesses and turning the german people against them .
he and his family ended up in german-occupied poland and eventually in an ammunition camp called klaj which was not a concentration camp .
his mother -lsb- ida -rsb- and sister -lsb- hanna , aged 13 -rsb- were taken away while they stayed back in the ghetto .
my father still does not know how they died but he was told that they were taken on one of the cattle trains .
the security at klaj was not as strict as the later camps as it was not under ss control .
mr wermuth , pictured above as a young man , was born in frankfurt in 1923 and was old enough to remember the rise of the nazi party .
my father befriended a disgruntled german soldier -lrb- who he met again very briefly in frankfurt after the war -rrb- who confided that hitler was due to pass through the area the following day on a train .
-lsb- the fuhrer had decided to visit the russian front