by .
mail on sunday reporter .
channel 4 news presenter cathy newman was groped by a stranger while she was reporting on the lord rennard sex harassment case , she has revealed .
the 39-year-old mother of two said the incident took place in a bar in london 's soho last year .
` this stranger came up and groped me , ' she told the mail on sunday last night .
` it was really ironic that i was doing the lord rennard investigation at that time .
' groped : channel 4 presenter cathy newman was groped by a stranger .
after the encounter newman said the .
offending man said : ` it 's not a criminal offence .
' she added : ` i said , .
`` well it is an offence .
'' it made me very uncomfortable .
i then left the .
bar .
' an .
official inquiry into the allegations concerning life peer lord rennard .
said that although there was credible evidence he had violated the .
personal space of the women it could not be proved beyond doubt that he .
had acted in a sexually inappropriate manner .
in january lord rennard was suspended from the liberal democrat party after he refused to apologise to the women .
lord rennard : the peer has strenuously denied the allegations against him and has refused to apologise .
but a cabinet minster said he could return to a key role within the liberal democrats despite his refusal to apologise .
the claims against the peer were first made in a channel 4 news investigation in february last year .
in a separate case , ms newman has also been on the receiving end of more than 100,000 twitter messages by a stalker who also kissed her after following her to the itn building .
adrian johnson , 54 , allegedly sent .
the journalist flowers and greeting cards and frequently turned up at .
channel 4 news 's central london headquarters .
he .
also terrorised ms newman , who has been married to writer john .
o'connell since 2001 , with scores of emails and text messages after .
finding out her mobile number , it is claimed .
johnson was granted bail on condition .
that he does not contact ms newman or go within 50