by .
ruth styles .
published : .
07:55 est , 11 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:59 est , 11 april 2013 .
ever wondered what you 'd look like with angelina jolie 's lips , the duchess of cambridge 's nose or cara delevingne 's brows ?
that 's the concept photographers bruno metra and laurence jeanson wanted to explore in their latest project which juxtaposes ` normal ' faces with body parts taken from supermodels and celebrities .
metra explains : ` we started this work after observing the behaviour of people close to us and how they reacted to images .
transformation : bruno metra and lawrence jeanson use tears from magazines to create their work .
identity : the duo say that the works are intended to show how much people are influenced by the media .
bizarre : while some subjects are rendered beautiful , others are made strange by the cut out images .
` magazines , cinema and television keep creating and imposing codes that become social references -lsb- that dictate -rsb- what you must look like , how you must do your make-up , what clothes you should wear , how you should behave and so on .
` we are fascinated by the power of media to influence people 's identities .
' to create their wonderfully bizarre photographs , the duo asked people to pose in their studio with eyes , lips and other facial features cut from magazines applied to their faces - an essential part of production , according to metra .
` we worked directly with material coming from the media and magazines for this series , ' he explains .
` we cut into -lsb- photographed -rsb- faces to tape them onto other faces , creating something strangely beautiful which makes you question your own identity .
' challenging : the series of photographs makes you reconsider the way you see yourself .
for everyone : according to metra , anyone who wants to can be part of series two of their project .
although the first set of photographs in the series is complete , the duo are currently working on the second set , entitled id2 , and are on the look out for models .
` we do n't choose our models , ' says metra .
` everybody