azrum begum , 54 , from bradford , west yorks , was admitted to bradford royal infirmary for routine gall bladder surgery , but later died from multiple organ failure after a series of errors in the operation .
a mother who died due to a series of errors following a routine operation was told by nurses to ` stop being a baby and grow up ' , an inquest heard .
azrum begum , 54 , from bradford , west yorks , died in ` astronomical pain ' after a routine operation turned into a disaster when surgeons left holes in her stomach , the hearing heard .
her grieving family said she was told by nurses to ` stop being a baby and grow up ' before dying in hospital of multi-organ failure two days after gall bladder surgery .
they added that staff , annoyed by mrs begum 's cries of pain , refused to give her more medication and switched off her bedside bell to reach medical staff .
the mother of three had two holes in her stomach muscle caused by a pen-like instrument used in surgery at bradford royal infirmary .
ms begum 's son mohammed faraz told the inquest : ` she was in astronomical pain .
` because of her rheumatoid arthritis she has a high pain threshold but she was behaving like a child .
' it was not until the morning after the operation that nurses alerted staff and an urgent ct scan was ordered , the hearing heard .
communication breakdowns meant mrs begum 's surgical team were not informed the mother was being kept in hospital because of pain , meaning she did not get a post-operative review after surgery .
meanwhile , mrs begum 's urgent scan was delayed by hours after a porter could n't find her after she was moved to another ward .
coroner dominic bell said there had been a catalogue of deficiencies in care given to mrs begum in her last hours .
surgeons repaired the holes in her stomach , which the coroner concluded were most likely caused by surgical instruments in her previous operation .
bradford teaching hospital trust 's interim director dr robin jeffrey expressed deep regrets for the way mrs begum was treated at bradford royal infirmary .
he said : ` i 'd like to express our