former chelsea and everton striker samuel eto'o has splashed out a serious amount of money to buy an italian villa , reports corriere dello sport .
the # 18.5 million italian mansion was said to have been bought by eto'o despite locals warning him it is haunted by the curse of the tutankhamun .
the cameroonian footballer has purchased the historic property in portofino , near genoa in northern italy .
this luxury coastal villa in italy is said to be jinxed by the curse of tutankhamun after it was once owned by lord carnarvon who discovered the pharaoh 's tomb .
samuel eto'o is said to have bought the property .
pictured is the swimming pool at the luxury villa , which eto'o can look forward to using .
the mansion has 40 rooms and 30,000 square-metres of land .
samuel eto'o signed for sampdoria after he decided to leave everton during the january transfer window .
the property , called villa altachiara , was previously owned by lord carnarvon , who was known to be jinxed with the ` curse of the pharaoh ' .
lord carnarvon was working with famous english archaeologist howard carter when they discovered the tomb of ancient egyptian ruler tutankhamun , opening the ` cursed ' burial plot on february 16 1923 .
famously , of the 58 people present when tutankhamun 's long-lost tomb was opened , eight died within a dozen years .
working with well-known english archaeologist howard carter , lord carnarvon made the extraordinary discovery of the tomb of tutankhamun , the richest burial site ever found .
the feet of the boy pharaoh king tutankhamun is seen in a special glass case inside his tomb in the valley of the kings near luxor , egypt .
mysterious : lord carnavon -lrb- left -rrb- , who died in 1923 , financed the excavation of tutankhamun 's tomb .
pictured right is former gucci model and heiress countess francesca agusta , who disappeared from the villa in 2001 , with her body washing up in near saint-tropez three weeks later amid various theories about what happened .
moreover , lord carnarvon bizarrely died after he got an infection after cutting a mosquito bite on his face while shaving .
in addition , lord carnarvon 's nephew died in villa altachiara by falling down the stairs , while more recently ,