fishermen can be very protective over their favourite spot as these brown bears showed when they got into a fight over salmon .
these images were taken by 15-year-old schoolgirl elizaveta tischenko as she watched the animals attempting to catch their dinner in katmai national park , in southern alaska .
elizaveta said one bear was catching a steady stream of fish when the other grew jealous after hardly catching any and tried to muscle his way in .
while the newcomer was tolerated for a while , eventually he began to treat on the claws of the other bear , which is when the fighting started .
elizaveta , who was watching from a grassy verge said : ' i had been watching the bear fish from a safe distance when i noticed another bear wander in .
` the first bear was not happy about the other bear being there and began to get more agitated as it began to try to catch fish in the water .
` it was n't long before the two approached one another and began roaring ferociously to try and scare each other away .
neither one would back down for quite a while and they began to grapple with each other in the water .
` eventually , the new bear on the scene decided to cut its loses and sulked off out of sight .
when they are fishing they look quite cute and innocent but when they fight you get to see the true nature of the animals .
' anger : the two brown bears were snapped fighting over a fishing spot while trying to catch dinner in katmai national park , alaska .
squaring up : tussle broke out as one bear was catching a steady stream of fish , causing the other to get jealous and try to muscle in .
vicious !
the two bears raked each other with their claws during the fight before the newcomer was seen off .
snapped : schoolgirl elizaveta tischenko , 15 , captured these images while watching from a grassy bank opposite the river .
more bark than bite : elizaveta said that while the bears made a lot of noise , neither of them was seriously hurt during the fight .
sightseeing : thousands of bears live inside the nature reserve , feasting on the shoals of