twelve months ago hana tarraf was a happy , healthy five-year-old who found it easy to run around and enjoyed playing with her friends .
today she has more than doubled her weight to 44 kilograms and is putting on an average of a kilogram per week due to hypothalamic obesity , caused by treatment she received for a life-threatening brain tumour .
the little girl from bondi , sydney is wheelchair-bound most of the time as she struggles to ` stand in one spot for more than a minute ' , her mum naomi cook told daily mail australia .
hana tarraf , 6 , has doubled her body weight since she underwent surgery for a brain tumor in january .
it also means she is constantly hungry , due to the signals being transmitted from her brain to her stomach .
` she cries a lot , she gets cranky , she gets grumpy and she 'll stare into space , ' ms cook said .
` she 'll be playing a game and she 'll say `` dad i do n't want to think about food '' , ' her dad nour tarraf added .
when they took their eldest daughter to hospital in january of this year with concerns about her thyroid , they were devastated when told she had actually developed a brain tumour .
when the day of the appointment came hana had been suffering from a ` massive headache ' for two days and a scan was done as a precautionary measure .
hana -lrb- centre -rrb- here with her dad nour tarraf -lrb- left -rrb- , mum naomi cook -lrb- top right -rrb- and younger sister maryam , 4 , -lrb- bottom right -rrb- is suffering with this extra weight gain .
the six-year-old -lrb- second from left -rrb- is pictured here at christmas time last year with her family .
before her surgery she weighed 21 kilos , but now weighs 44 kilos and is continuing to put on weight .
the six-year-old , here with mum ms cook , is gaining on average a kilo each week .
` the ct scan found a tennis ball sized tumor ' , mr tarraf revealed .
hana had surgery the same month and her parents said the fallout from the operation could have been ` blindness , seizures and even death '