by .
martha de lacey .
published : .
13:23 est , 22 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:23 est , 22 march 2013 .
kate wearing a royal blue wraparound issa dress at the official announcement of her engagement to prince william .
she has worn their elegant clothes to mark several historic occasions , including the announcement of her engagement to prince william .
and when she stepped out in the -lrb- appropriately -rrb- royal blue # 385 wrap dress at st james ' palace on 16 november 2010 - now available in maternity style - kate middleton made british label issa london internationally renowned .
so the duchess of cambridge must be thrilled that this beloved designer of hers is now opening their debut shop .
but perhaps not so delighted that the boutique will be situated in japan : kate will have to travel some 3640km from her kensington palace home should she wish to peruse their sales rack .
having previously sold their wares only online or through department store concessions - issa london will be opening a permanent outlet in tokyo 's roppongi hills shopping centre .
camilla al fayed , chairman of issa , whose fans also include madonna and eva mendes , said : ` japan is the gateway to asia and we intend to expand into hong kong and china within the next few years .
we will then become a truly global brand .
' issa hosted a pop-up store in mitsukoshi department store in ginza , a tokyo district , last year so has already formed strong connections with the country .
kate has worn many dresses from the fashion house , both before and after her wedding , and the brand is famed for its floaty , silky , demure wraparound style .
kate in a customised electric blue issa dress in october 2010 , left , and in black entering the goring hotel the night before her wedding , right .
kate wearing a pink silk issa floor-length gown in 2008 to a charity boxing event .
kate wore a slate grey issa gown to a starlight children 's foundation dinner in 2009 .
kate on a last-minute shopping trip before her wedding wearing a black issa wraparound dress .
in a statement al fayed added : ` the response was .
overwhelming and