a 21-year-old student died after taking a lethal dose of diet pills she bought online , her mother has claimed .
eloise parry , known as ella , ` burned up from the inside ' after swallowing the highly-toxic substance known as dinitrophenol , or dnp .
after accidentally taking the lethal dose on april 12 , she began feeling unwell at around lunchtime - and drove herself to the royal shrewsbury hospital .
eloise parry , known as ella , died after swallowing the highly-toxic substance known as dnp .
doctors carried out a toxicity test and discovered she was in grave danger as there is no antidote to dnp , which is toxic .
her metabolism began to soar and she started to overheat .
despite doctors desperately trying to stabilise her , she died just three hours later .
her mother fiona , 51 , has now issued a stark warning about buying diet pills online .
in a heart-wrenching statement issued on her behalf by west mercia police , she said : ` sunday started out cool and clear .
` by lunchtime there was a brisk wind , blowing in strong gusts that suggested a storm might be coming .
` overhead the skies were bright blue , almost cloudless and full of promise .
' i did n't know it at the time , but ella had bought slimming tablets on the internet .
the substance in the pills ella took is unsuitable for human consumption because of its toxicity .
' a substance called dnp that is unsuitable for human consumption because of its toxicity .
` she had taken even more of these `` slimming tablets '' than recommended on the pack and had no idea just how dangerous they really were .
` how many of us have ever thought `` if one tablet works , surely it wo n't hurt to take one or two more ?
'' ' she went on to explain that her daughter had driven herself to hospital and walked into a&e .
as she was still completely lucid and seemed to be ok , she thought there was no danger .
however , when the toxicity report came back it became clear how dire her situation was .
mrs parry continued : ` the drug was in her system , there was no antidote ,