the widow of the late rock singer phil everly has opened up about his long struggle with the lung disease that took his life .
everly , half of grammy-winning duo the everly brothers , passed away in january this year , aged 74 .
after a life-long smoking habit , the bye bye love singer was diagnosed with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease -lrb- copd -rrb- in 2011 .
rest in peace : phil everly 's widow patti , pictured with the late singer in 2009 , has spoken of his last years of struggle with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease .
his widow patti , who has openly blamed the lung disease on his smoking , spoke about how everly had to carry oxygen tanks with him wherever he went in his last years .
although everly quit smoking in 2001 , the habit had done permanent damage to his lungs and he started experiencing problems that eventually ended his singing career in 2004 .
at his last public appearance in 2011 , at buddy holly 's induction to hollywood boulevard 's star walk of fame , everly was struggling to catch his breath as he addressed the crowd .
` it went from mild copd to severe .
he skipped medium , ' patti everly told the tennessean .
` when i met him , he was 55 and taking nothing but vitamins .
by the end he was taking 20 medications , and hooked up to oxygen 24/7 , carrying it with him .
' phil with his brother don everly support simon and garfunkel in 2004 for what would be their last shows together .
final walk : phil everly , pictured with buddy holly 's widow maria elena and garey busey at the unveiling of holly 's star on the hollywood walk of fame , which would be his last public appearance .
phil everly , at the height of his fame , is pictured at london 's savoy hotel with a cigarette and a guitar .
` in the middle of the night , you look over to see if they 're still breathing .
pretty soon , all you 're waiting for is death .
' in january this year , phil everly died in hospital in burbank , los angeles .
at the time , patti said : ` we are absolutely heartbroken