neymar insists his head was never turned by manchester city 's interest in him before signing for barcelona from santos in june 2013 .
neymar 's signature had been coveted from teams across europe and city led the way from england but ahead of the champions league second leg clash at the nou camp between the two teams , the brazil striker is adamant only one side interested him .
` barcelona was the only club i ever wanted to join , ' neymar said .
' i knew that manchester city had interest in me , but i never had any intention to join them .
neymar -lrb- centre -rrb- insists he has never held any desire to play for manchester city over barcelona .
neymar -lrb- left -rrb- is preparing to play city with barca in the second leg last 16 champions league clash .
neymar -lrb- left -rrb- joined barcelona in june 2013 from brazilian club santos but city were also interested in him .
' i am sure that i could have got a bigger contract and more money there - but we never even got that far - when a club with the history and tradition of barcelona want you then you do n't listen to anybody else .
' barcelona hold a 2-1 advantage from the first leg of their champions league tie against city , with both goals coming from luis suarez at the etihad .
luis enrique 's side could have had an even greater lead had lionel messi not missed a penalty in the latter stages of the game and neymar warned city his team know their advantage is far from secure .
he also rejected claims that it is a good time to take on city after their 1-0 defeat in the premier league to burnley on saturday .
joe hart saved a penalty from messi in the final moments of the game to give city hope in the second leg .
luis suarez scored both goals for barcelona in their 2-1 first leg win over city at the etihad stadium .
neymar rejected talk that it could be a good time to play city due to their recent patchy form in england .
` we got a good result in manchester , but the job is not done , ' neymar said .
` yes we have put ourselves