by .
rob cooper .
published : .
09:06 est , 21 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:06 est , 21 may 2013 .
loan shark : stephen fossey , 45 , who ran an illegal money lending business from bacup market today avoided a jail sentence after a court heard he scared no one .
a market trader who ran an illegal lending racket from his fruit and veg stall has avoided jail after a court heard his interest rates were over 100 times lower than licensed payday loan firms .
stephen fossey , 45 , used his pitch at bacup market , lancashire , to give credit to up to 180 customers over a four-year period .
he typically charged between 25 and 30 per cent interest on loans - compared with online credit firms who have been known to charge up to 4000 per cent on repayments .
fossey was caught after investigators from the england illegal money lending team were tipped off by trading standards officers who were investigating a black market tobacco racket he was running .
the father-of-three set up the # 140,000 loans racket as a means to save money for his retirement but he has since been expelled from the market .
today at burnley crown court , fossey of rossendale admitted engaging in a money lending operation , without a licence under the consumer credit act , and two allegations of possessing criminal property .
but he was given a suspended prison term after a judge said customers ` spoke highly ' of fossey and he had not intimidated any of them .
fossey 's defence lawyer mark stuart said : ` there is no suggestion any sort of pressure was put upon people to repay .
` he was charging far less a rate of interest than those of licensed money lenders .
this was going to be a pot for him , having had no pension for his retirement .
he has now lost # 100,000 that was owed to him .
' fossey first agreed to lend money to customers while doing his fruit and veg rounds in burnley , rossendale and nearby todmorden .
his home was searched on may 29 last year by trading standards officers who found a carrier bag under his bed containing two bags of money , totalling # 7,164