england 's rollercoaster season came to a spectacular finale on sunday when they pulled off a thrilling three-run victory over india after ms dhoni narrowly failed to add to his reputation as the great finisher of modern limited-overs cricket .
there was no real context to this sole twenty20 international , with 50-over cricket dominating the next six months , but the 24,000 crowd at edgbaston were treated to the perfect example of the excitement the shortest format can provide .
it looked as though a star-studded india side jam-packed with twenty20 expertise were chasing down england 's competitive 180 for seven with ease while virat kohli was at last displaying the class absent throughout this tour .
smashing : morgan produced a magnificent display of clean hitting to boost england 's score .
good start : jason roy reverse sweeps his second ball in international cricket to the boundary .
disappointing : moeen ali was out for a duck as england stalled during the first powerplay .
yet england , who had owed their batting riches to a welcome return to form from eoin morgan , clawed their way back into the contest through excellent death bowling from james tredwell , steven finn and harry gurney .
dhoni showed either incredible self-confidence or arrogance when india needed 17 off the last over from chris woakes , twice turning down singles and effectively telling his partner ambati rayadu to leave everything to him .
but the man who has made his name and his fortune through guiding india home in last over finishes could not do it this time , managing only a single off the final ball when his perfect script called for him to clear the ropes for victory .
` there are smiles in the changing room after a very tough summer , ' said stand-in england captain morgan .
` it 's great to be part of games like that , it ' s why you play the game .
for young guys to experience this was brilliant and it was amazing to see how calm woakes was during that last over .
' the match was almost a replay of last year 's champions trophy final in that the vast majority of the sell-out crowd were supporting india and the pitch , used and dry , was more like bangalore than birmingham .
happy boy