a powerball winner has died broke and all alone in hospice care , just 12 years after raking in $ 27million cash from a lottery jackpot .
david lee edwards , a convicted felon from ashland , kentucky , bought a mansion in a gated community , dozens of expensive cars and even a learjet with the share of a record $ 280million jackpot he won in august 2001 .
but drug addiction and his free-spending ways left edwards and his wife shawna broke and living in a squalid storage unit contaminated with human feces within five years .
shawna left him not long after and remarried .
unhappy ending : david lee edwards , pictured with his new wife shawna at their malibu wedding shortly after winning the lottery , died saturday in hospice at age 58 .
edwards bought this 6,000-square-foot mansion in palm beach gardens , florida , for $ 1.5 million .
he lost it five years later .
big spender : edwards spent $ 1.9 million on this learjet to ferry him between his mansion in florida and his hometown in kentucky .
he even had a personal pilot .
in the end , edwards ' first ex-wife and her husband drove him from florida back home to ashland .
he died in hospice care saturday at age 58 .
edwards ' friends and family say his tragic story can serve as a parable about the corrupting influence of money .
by the end of his life he had lost every last penny of his $ 27million fortune and died owing thousands of dollars to friends .
both edwards and shawna contracted hepatitis from their needle drug use and both were arrested multiple times and had numerous run-ins with police for possession of crack cocaine , prescription pills and heroin , the broward-palm beach new times reported in 2007 .
shawna bounced into and out of drug rehab for addition to oxycontin and other drugs , the newspaper reported .
shortly after winning , edwards bought a $ 1.6 million , 6,000-square-foot house in a private tennis and golf community in palm beach gardens , florida .
he spend $ 600,000 on another home nearby .
he paid $ 1.9 million for a learjet , bought three losing racehorses and acquired a fiber optics installation company and a limo business for $ 4.5 million .