by .
sophie borland .
published : .
13:36 est , 9 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:36 est , 9 june 2013 .
a test used for heart disease is ` flawed ' and may be leading to thousands of patients being given the wrong treatment , an expert has warned .
professor nick curzen said that x-rays for angina - a painful tightening of the chest - give inaccurate results in a quarter of all patients .
the tests , called angiograms , involve patients being given a local anaesthetic while a long tube is inserted into their groin or arm up to the coronary artery in the heart .
flawed : according to professor curzen , angiograms are inaccurate in 26 per cent of cases .
a dye is then passed through the tube while a series of x-rays are taken which show up any blockages in the arteries .
professor curzen , a consultant cardiologist at southampton general hospital , said the x-rays do not give a precise reading on whether blood flow is restricted .
he said angiograms should be used alongside another procedure which involves inserting a tiny wire into arteries which measure the blood pressure .
professor curzen carried out a trial on 200 patients which showed that angiograms led to the wrong treatment in 26 per cent of cases .
during the trial patients were given angiograms and doctors then decided on their treatment .
they then underwent the second procedure , a fractional flow reserve test , and doctors were asked if they would change the treatment .
in 26 per cent of cases they did .
faulty : the test is supposed to pick up arterial blockages such as the one above but does n't always get it right .
professor curzen said : ` the results indicate management of patients with stable angina by angiogram alone is probably flawed and treatment would be much more tailored to the individual through routine use of a ffr pressure test at the diagnostic stage .
' he now wants to conduct a much larger trial in the hope it will lead to a ` major change ' in the way tests are done .
about one in seven men and one in 12 women over 65 suffer from angina although it is also common in patients in their fifties