by .
james king .
a 19-year-old minnesota woman who had all of her fingers and parts of both her feet amputated after she passed out in front of her house in sub-zero temperatures after a night of drinking last year is on the mend and is re-learning how to do the everyday tasks most people take for granted .
alyssa lommel nearly died on the cold december night when she passed out on her front porch - her body temperature when she was discovered by some passersby was only 26 degrees celsius , which is two degrees colder than the temperature that typically causes a human heart to stop functioning .
many feared she would n't survive .
scroll down for video .
re-education : with the help of prosthetic devices , lommel is re-learning how to do everyday tasks .
support : lommel has received an outpouring of support since she nearly died after passing out on her porch in subzero temperatures .
amputations : lommel lost all of her fingers and parts of her feet , which forced her to wear special boots to walk .
she no longer uses the boots .
` we were all prepared to say goodbye at one point , ' alyssa 's mother , teri lommel , told kare11.com .
four months later , and alyssa is now putting on her own makeup , sending text messages and showering on her own .
` she can already text faster than mom , ' lommel 's oldest brother , adam , joked .
in the fall , lommel even plans to go back to school at the university of minnesota in duluth and living on her own .
` initially i thought , `` i 'm never going to .
be able to do anything for myself ever again , ' '' lommel said .
` once i .
talked to -lrb- her friend jess -rrb- it opened my eyes that i 'll be able to do everything .
she gave me hope for the future .
' putting on a brave face : alyssa jo lommel -lrb- far left -rrb- has undergone another round of amputations , losing all her fingers and thumbs due to frostbite .
moving on : the 19-year-old lost all her toes on one foot and the tips of her toes on the other foot two weeks