police sting : a seven metre wasp nest was found by police at an empty house on the island of tenerife .
a seven metre long wasps nest has reportedly been discovered in an abandoned house by police officers in spain .
officers were called to the empty property in san sebastian de la gomera on the island of tenerife after a series of calls from concerned neighbours .
police sealed off the home when the found the 22ft nest , which is said to have almost filled a room , and millions of wasps in the house , according to upi.com .
experts believe that the nest was built by an african species of wasp which had migrated to tenerife .
the canary islands are located around 100km from the african coast .
police are said to be trying to find out who the property belongs to .
the nest may well be the biggest ever found .
according to the guinness book of world records , the largest one found to date was discovered in waimaukau in new zealand in april 1963 and was an impressive 3.7 metres , or 12ft 2ins long , more than 5ft in diameter and 18ft in circumference .
thought to have been created by german wasps , that nest was so heavy that it fell from the tree it was hanging in and broke in two .
the size , type and colour of a wasps nest depends on the species of wasp that builds it .
they tend to be predominantly made from paper pulp - the wasp gathers wood fibres from weathered wood and softens it by chewing and mixing with saliva .
the previous biggest nest in the last 50 years was discovered in the attic of a pub in southampton , hampshire , in 2010 .
measuring 6ft by 5ft the nest was home to an estimated 500,000 wasps .
another giant nest was found at the avery garden centre in taunton , somerset last summer .
the average common wasp nest contains around 4,000 to 5,000 wasps - but colonies have been known to reach populations of 20,000 .
extraordinary : experts believe that the huge nest is too big to have been built by common wasps -lrb- pictured -rrb- and is most likely to have been the creation of a species of migrant wasps from africa