america has reached a landmark point as , for the first time in its modern history , most of the babies being born there are non-white .
white children aged under one are outnumbered by those from ethnic minorities including blacks , hispanics , asians and mixed race , us census bureau figures show .
of the four million children born in the us in the 12 months to july 2011 , 50.4 per cent were from ethnic minorities .
that compares with 37 per cent in 1990 .
the figures also reveal the prolonged impact of a weak economy , which is resulting in fewer hispanics entering the u.s. edging up : the percentage of total births in america has included more and more minorities over the past decade .
changing demographic : a chart showing the breakdown of racial and ethnic minority births for the 12-month period ending july 2011 compared to whites .
roderick harrison , a former chief of racial statistics at the census bureau who is now a sociologist at howard university , said : ` this is an important landmark .
this generation is growing up much more accustomed to diversity than its elders .
' in recent years , births have been declining for both whites and minorities as many women held off having children due to the economic slump , although the drop has been larger for whites .
the report comes as the supreme court prepares to rule on the legality of arizona 's strict immigration law , with many states weighing similar get-tough measures .
in flux : a bar chart showing the population projections for the u.s. over the next 40 years .
some now believe ethnic minorities will outnumber whites before 2040 .
mr harrison said : ` we remain in a dangerous period where those appealing to anti-immigration elements are fueling a divisiveness and hostility that might take decades to overcome .
' as a whole , the nation 's minority population continues to rise , following a higher-than-expected hispanic count in the 2010 census .
minorities increased 1.9 per cent to 114.1 million , or 36.6 per cent of the total u.s. population , lifted by prior waves of immigration that brought in young families and boosted the number of hispanic women in their prime childbearing years .
but a recent slowdown in the growth of