by .
anna edwards .
published : .
07:50 est , 2 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:57 est , 2 february 2013 .
while many brides fall victim to the cliche that they must have the most expensive and outlandish gown , one woman was determined not to stick with tradition .
snubbing a big white frilly dress , kelly scott decided to go with something a little more modern - she wore a onesie .
she and new husband stuart decided to shun the traditional big white dress and morning suit when they married at gretna green .
and the bride wore ... a onesie !
the newlyweds decided to make their special day more personal by marrying in their favourite fleece outfits .
the couple , from rochdale , greater manchester , believe they may be the only couple to have ever wed in onesies - the fleecy all-in-one loved by celebrities and deputy prime minister nick clegg .
kelly , a 30-year-old account manager for an energy company , said : ` our favourite time of the day is when we are snuggled up watching tv in our onesies after the kids have gone to bed .
` nowadays getting married costs thousands and we could n't afford a traditional wedding .
` we felt sad about the thought of having a cheap wedding so we said `` why not have a me and you wedding instead '' ?
' keeping the chill out !
the wedding party all sported the rompers to celebrate the couple 's nuptials in gretna green .
the bride cut down costs by wearing comfy slipper boots with her onesie and the groom wore trainers .
ten members of the wedding party also wore the babygrow-style suits for the ceremony , including their one-year-old son frankie and kelly 's seven-year-daughter tiegan , their witnesses helen bottomley and adam mills , kelly 's aunt and uncle karen and andy tweedale , her nephews louis and harrison tweedale and niece chloe ellison .
others chose to dress more traditionally , including the bride 's younger brother brad-lee mullins who wore a smart grey suit .
wearing one has been likened to ` being inside a teddy bear 's womb ' and , despite its unflattering look , the onesie has become a global phenomenon .
pre-christmas sales were up 600