the first thursday of the ncaa men 's division i basketball championship is something of a national holiday for american sports fans , when office productivity plummets .
also known as march madness or the big dance , the second round of the tournament - which started today - features a hoops extravaganza : 16 games both today and tomorrow , from noon to midnight .
the single-elimination bracket-style tournament means every game is a must-win for all 68 schools , producing tense , dramatic finishes .
university of connecticut won the championship title in 2014 against kentucky .
the reigning champs are already out of the tournament this year , having lost to arizona state university on wednesday .
upsets are eagerly anticipated as elites like university of kentucky fend off underdogs trying to spark an improbable run and become the next tournament darling , like last year 's university of dayton .
fanatics , novices and even president barack obama are trying to predict the winners of every game by completing an estimated 70million tournament brackets , according to the american gaming association -- that 's more brackets completed than votes obama received in the last presidential election .
throughout its 77-year history , the basketball tournament has transcended sports to become a national craze .
madness from the start .
college basketball has long filled the gap in the american sports calendar when baseball and football are dormant .
in 1939 , oregon beat ohio state in the first tournament , which featured only eight teams .
the ncaa field kept growing as tv coverage spurred interest .
the potential for a david to slay a goliath set the stage for what remains the most-watched basketball game ever : the 1979 final pitting little-known indiana state , led by larry bird , against powerhouse michigan state , led by magic johnson .
the classic game transformed bird and johnson into rival superstars and catapulted college basketball into the american consciousness .
in this march 27 , 1951 , file photo , the kentucky basketball team celebrates winning the ncaa college basketball championship after defeating kansas state 68-58 in minneapolis .
in 1939 , the national title was decided by an eight-team competition .
the big dance gets bigger .
the fledgling espn cable network began broadcasting the tournament 's oft-ignored early rounds in 1980 .
the term