an islamic centre was burned to the ground in a suspected arson attack yesterday .
counter-terrorism police are investigating if the building was targeted by the english defence league in retaliation for the woolwich murder , after ` edl ' was sprayed in foot-high letters on the wall .
the far-right group led a series of protests after serving soldier lee rigby was killed by two fanatical muslim converts last month , and there has been a dramatic rise in the number of reported attacks on mosques since the outrage .
scroll down for video .
blaze : firefighters were called to the prayer centre in muswell hill in north london yesterday morning .
firefighters were called to tackle the blaze in muswell hill .
so far there have been no arrests .
aftermath : the metropolitan police said an investigation had revealed the graffiti apparently linking the fire to the far-right english defence league .
firefighters on the scene at the bravanese centre yesterday afternoon after it caught fire overnight .
devastation : a firefighter looks towards the fire-damaged islamic centre .
edl leaders denied the group was .
behind the fire in muswell hill , north london , but supporters posted .
vile celebrations online , prompting fears of copycat attacks and .
increased racial tensions .
flames ripped through the empty brick .
building , which was home to a somali welfare association and an .
after-school club , shortly after 3am .
the ferocity of the blaze suggested .
that an accelerant such as petrol was used to fuel it .
two neighbouring .
properties were evacuated and a woman was treated for minor injuries and .
shock .
it is believed that one or more .
arsonists may have suffered serious injuries and hospitals have been .
asked to alert police about burns patients admitted in the hours after .
the attack .
destroyed : the islamic community centre in muswell hill , north london which ` was set on fire by arsonists ' in the early hours of yesterday .
wrecked : counter-terror police are investigating the blaze after graffiti reading edl was found .
hunt : police look for evidence near the islamic centre after it was revealed graffiti saying ` edl ' was daubed on the building .
appealing for calm , community leaders said the centre was not a mosque and