when leaving a place of work , most people will usually avoid burning bridges .
engineering an amicable exit is common protocol , even when the employee ca n't wait to get the hell out of there .
but one disgruntled staff member at an anonymous firm decided to skip the pleasantries and pen an incredibly sarcastic resignation letter announcing their impending departure to bosses .
a reddit user wrote an incredibly sarcastic resignation letter to their boss .
a reddit user decided that it was a good idea to write a biting leaving note to their boss.it 's not known exactly where the letter is from , but the writer is believed to be america since the american spelling of ` apologize ' is used and the date is 4/24/15 which is the u.s. way of writing it .
in the note , the reddit user passive-aggressively vents their frustration and discontent with the company policies as well as the lack of emopion shown during recent events .
throughout the letter , the reddit user repeatedly apologises for a number of unfortunate incidents - all of which seem to be out of their control .
they apologise for the death of a step-mother , sickness and subsequent doctor 's appointments .
the letter reads : ' i am sorry that my step-mother died so suddenly from cancer .
i am sorry that i am not a robot and was emotionally affected by her passing and had to miss work .
' i am sorry that i got sick and had to miss work so that i did n't get anyone else sick .
' i am sorry i work 47.5 hours per week -lrb- without getting paid the overtime that i am legally owed -rrb- for the last 7 months , and thus have little choice but to schedule necessary doctor 's appointments during school hours .
' ` clearly i am a terrible employee , and for that i apologize .
i know you hate people telling you how to do your job , but i suggest you start looking for my replacement .
immediately .
' although posted with the caption ` two weeks notice ' , the defiant ending of the letter hints at a rather more immediate departure .