rafael nadal squeezed through to the quarter-finals of the monte carlo masters after a narrow win over america 's john isner , but roger federer 's tournament is over after he lost to gael monfils .
federer was playing his first tournament since losing to novak djokovic in the indian wells final last month and the second seed 's rustiness showed as he was beaten 6-4 7-6 -lrb- 7/5 -rrb- .
the world number two struck an early break in the first set but monfils twice hit back to go one up before edging a close second-set tie-break to seal victory .
rafael nadal sneaked past john isner in the monte carlo masters as he struggled to against his big serve .
the french number three will now face grigor dimitrov , who dumped out defending champion stanislas wawrinka with a 6-1 6-2 win .
nadal was made to work harder for a 7-6 -lrb- 8/6 -rrb- 4-6 6-3 victory over isner and he will now meet fellow spaniard david ferrer in the last eight .
the world number five is eager to establish some momentum on clay , his favourite surface , after a disappointing start to the season but was close to losing the first set before isner squandered two set points .
the american was unlucky to not come away with the victory but nadal 's class shone through in the end .
the american responded strongly in the second set to level but nadal broke early in the decider before closing out the match .
the nine-time french open champion remains on course to meet novak djokovic in the semi-finals after the serb eased past world number 52 andreas haider-maurer 6-4 6-0 .
djokovic will first have to overcome croatia 's marin cilic , who battled to a 6-3 7-6 -lrb- 7/5 -rrb- win over jo-wilfried tsonga , while ferrer edged through via a 6-2 6-7 -lrb- 3/7 -rrb- 6-1 victory over gilles simon .
tomas berdych and milos raonic will meet in the other quarter-final .
berdych beat roberto bautista agut 7-6 -lrb- 9/7 -rrb- 6-4 and raonic edged past tommy robredo 6-3 3-6 6-3 .
roger federer was knocked out the competition by the talented frenchman gael monfils in straight sets .