by .
jill reilly .
published : .
06:15 est , 18 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:01 est , 18 february 2013 .
tv bosses have been accused of cashing in on the death of oscar pistorius 's girlfriend reeva steenkamp after broadcasting her final appearance on a reality show .
the backlash came after tropika island of treasure was screened on saturday night , just three days after the 29-year-old was shot four times at blade runner 's luxury home .
it was reported that in the aftermath of her shocking valentine 's day death , the television network was charging news outlets up to $ 3,000 for short clips of the show .
producers argued its broadcast was a ` fitting tribute ' to the law graduate , but they have been accused of .
insensitivity for showing her post-eviction interview , where she .
discusses her ` journey in life ' and the ` way you go out .
' scroll down for video .
fun and friendly : miss steenkamp can be seen playing with dolphins as part of her challenge on the tv show .
reeva was excited to be part of the challenge , and had planned many more projects for her future .
they have also angered women 's rights .
groups in south africa who have called for the proceeds from the pre-recorded show to be donated to charity .
` if this programme is to be aired it .
should help the cause of women and children suffering from violence , ' stubbs maluleke , from south africa 's sonke gender justice network told the independent .
in tropika island of treasure , miss .
steenkamp competes alongside seven south african celebrities and seven .
other contestants to win a prize of one million rand prize -lrb- # 72,500 -rrb- .
they have to complete a series of challenges , including diving off 75-foot cliffs into the ocean , tug of wars , and races .
in one clip , miss steenkamp .
is seen leaning against a palm tree on the show 's set in jamaica , .
blowing kisses towards the camera , declaring : ` i 'm going to miss you all .
so much .
i love you very , very much .
' miss steenkamp described herself as ` brainy , blonde