scientists have made an exciting breakthrough in the treatment of bowel cancer - using existing drugs .
dr toby phesse , of the walter and eliza hall institute of medical research in melbourne , said early data showed medication currently used to treat psoriasis , arthritis and myelofibrosis could help in the fight against the country 's second deadliest form of cancer .
` about 17,000 people are diagnosed with bowel cancer every year and about 4,000 people die , so we are really crying out for new ways to tackle this disease , ' dr phesse told daily mail australia .
scroll down for video .
dr michael buchert -lrb- left -rrb- , dr toby phesse -lrb- centre -rrb- and associate professor matthias ernst -lrb- right -rrb- from the walter and eliza hall institute of medical research in melbourne have discovered an existing drug that could stop tumour growth in bowel cancer .
he said the lab 's focus was directed at identifying which signalling pathways were used by tumours to grow and trying to target those pathways to prevent tumour growth .
` we have known for many years that wnt signaling is mutated in around 80 per cent of colon tumours .
` however , this pathway is also very important for the health of the normal cells in the intestine , and therefore targeting the wnt pathway directly poses considerable challenges as you risk effecting the normal cells of the intestine and therefore inducing severe side effects .
` we had to come up with a new method and target a parallel pathway .
' this is what brought scientists to the existing medicines , jak inhibitors .
17,000 people are diagnosed with bowel cancer every year and about 4,000 people die .
the scientists ' breakthrough came when they found that 80 per cent of colon tumours responded to treatment with a jak inhibitor .
the treatment has caused excitement because the drug only targeted cancer cells , leaving normal cells unharmed , leaving no side effects .
` in the pre-clinic models we looked at the normal cells of the intestine and we found that all the cells could grow and function normally .
` none of the mice used in the models lost any weight , suggesting they were healthy and could tolerate the drug very well .
' the scientists found that