youngsters in iraq are being stoned to death for having haircuts and wearing clothes that emulate the ` emo ' style popular among western teenagers .
at least 14 youths have been killed in the capital baghdad in the past three weeks in what appears to be a campaign by shia militants .
militants in shia neighbourhoods , where the stonings have taken place , circulated lists yesterday naming more youths targeted to be killed if they do not change the way they dress .
iraqi activists said this unnamed teenager was brutally killed by religious police for having an 'em o ' hairstyle .
the killings have taken place since iraq 's interior ministry drew attention to the ` emo ' subculture last month , labelling it ` satanism ' and ordering the community police force to stamp it out .
fans of the ` emo ' trend -- short for emotional -- wear tight jeans and have distinctive long , black or spiky haircuts .
the bodies of at least 14 youths have been taken to three hospitals in eastern baghdad bearing signs of having been beaten to death with rocks .
after reports of the stonings circulated on iraqi media , the interior ministry said this week that no murders on its files could be blamed on attacks on ` emos ' .
religious extremists have been harassing and killing teenagers with ` strange ' or 'em o ' appearances .
iraq 's leading shia clerics have condemned the stonings .
iraq 's moral police released a statement on the interior ministry 's website condemning the 'em o phenomenon ' among iraqi youth , declaring its intent to ` eliminate ' the trend .
the move is part of a wider clampdown on young people taking on what government officials call ` western appearances ' in iraq .
` the emo phenomenon or devil worshipping .
is being followed by the moral police who have the approval to .
eliminate -lrb- the phenomenon -rrb- as soon as possible since it 's detrimentally .
affecting the society and becoming a danger , ' the statement read .
` they wear strange , tight clothes .
that have pictures on them such as skulls and use stationary that are .
shaped as skulls .
they also wear rings on their noses and tongues , and .
do other strange