rookie indycar driver mikhail aleshin was rushed to a hospital in serious but stable condition friday night after a horrifying crash in the final practice session for the series season finale .
aleshin , 27 , was airlifted to loma linda university medical center in california .
the russian driver suffered broken ribs and a broken right collarbone along with a concussion and chest injuries , an indycar spokesperson said .
on saturday evening , aleshin 's condition was upgraded to stable after he underwent a medical procedure .
scroll down for videos .
speed racer : russian indycar rookie mikhail aleshin , 27 , was hospitalized in serious but stable condition friday after he was involved in a terrible crash in fontana , california .
at full speed : the crash took place at the fontana , california , track in turn 4 in the final practice session for the indycar series season finale .
excited : aleshin tweeted this image of his race car before the ill-fated practice session friday afternoon .
bumper cars : aleshin spun when he went below the white line in the turn , slid back up the track and collided with charlie kimball .
colossal crash : the impact sent aleshin 's blue and white car flying into the catch fence while spinning .
miracle : the driver of the other car improbably walked away from the crash unscathed .
indycar announced aleshin 's improvement before its season-ending race at fontana .
at least three drivers played a role in the crash at the fontana track in turn 4 , which had a gaping hole in the catch fencing and a wheel wrapped in the fence after aleshin 's car violently flew up against it .
aleshin , who drives for sam schmidt , spun when he went below the white line in the turn .
he slid back up the track and collided with charlie kimball in a shower of sparks and smoke , sending aleshin 's car flying into the catch fence while spinning .
kimball improbably escaped serious injury , walking away from his wrecked car .
debris was strewn all over the track as safety personnel gathered around the wreck of aleshin , who was removed on a stretcher .
aleshin is the first russian driver in indycar history , joining a team with title contender simon pagenaud this