church camp : the occupation could cost around # 1million in lost tourist revenue after st paul 's closed its doors on friday .
the anti-capitalist protest forcing st paul 's cathedral to close is a ` big charade ' with only one in ten tents occupied overnight , the daily mail can reveal .
footage from a thermal imaging camera shot by a police helicopter revealed that the ramshackle camp is almost completely empty during the cold nights .
it suggests the majority of the 300 ` defiant ' protesters at the cathedral return home or to hotels after dark to sleep in warm beds .
corporation of london councillor .
matthew richardson said : ` it 's incredible .
the overnight monitoring of .
the site by the police showed that 90 per cent of the tents are .
unoccupied .
` it just shows most of the demonstrators do n't have the courage of their convictions and are just here to make trouble .
` leaving your tent here overnight is a good way to do it .
it 's a phantom camp -- a big charade .
' st .
paul 's shut for the first time since world war two last week after the .
site doubled in size in a week and the demonstrators refused to move .
the .
protesters discussed the number of empty tents in the camp at a meeting .
on sunday and made plans to organise a system to allocate them to any .
newcomers .
discussing tactics : occupy london protesters outside st paul 's cathedral hold an evening meeting to discuss the location and nature of the banners at the campsite .
giant signs .
hang over the encampment denouncing capitalism , but many of the .
activists spent much of yesterday sitting in a starbucks overlooking the .
churchyard , several working on laptops .
however , most activists maintain a front .
of selfless commitment to their cause , with a sign attached to one tent .
proclaiming : ` all day , all week , we 'll sleep on london 's freezing .
streets .
solidarity !
' an activist at the centre of the .
dale farm demonstration and occupy london 's protest camp is the son of a .
property developer it emerged last night .
but 21-year-old jack hartcup says he