by .
rob cooper .
published : .
07:21 est , 6 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
02:37 est , 16 july 2013 .
only a handful of police officers caught speeding or jumping red lights are prosecuted , it has been revealed .
despite tens of thousands of officers being found breaking the rules of the road , only 753 were punished in the last two years .
figures released under the freedom of information act showed that 75,434 were caught speeding , meaning that less than one per cent were punished .
it has led to accusations that police officers are routinely let off without proper checks while ordinary drivers automatically face three penalty points and a # 60 fine .
speeding fines : this table shows how many police officers were caught speeding or going through red lights between 2011 and 2013 and how many were prosecuted .
road safety charities said .
the high number of fines cancelled was ` worrying ' - and it is feared .
that senior officers are not carrying out proper checks before letting .
police off .
julie townsend , deputy chief .
executive of brake , said : ` these figures paint a worrying picture .
we .
recognise that in emergency situations , especially where lives are at .
stake , police need to be able to respond rapidly , but this must be .
weighed up against the danger posed to the public - especially people on .
foot and bicycle - from speeding .
` we believe police and other .
emergency services should be doing everything possible to ensure their .
drivers are not putting people at risk of injury or death , and to help .
put a stop to the scores of serious casualties that involve emergency .
service vehicles each year .
` that .
includes having robust procedures to minimise the risks , especially .
around decisions around how fast drivers may go in different .
circumstances and environments .
` it .
also means ensuring that drivers are prosecuted if they have broken .
laws unnecessarily and endangered the public , and making sure that .
forces are held to account in upholding strict safety standards .
' in leicestershire , police were clocked speeding 5,738 times over the two-and-a-half year period - but just three were