by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
published : .
08:40 est , 10 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:52 est , 10 october 2013 .
a conservative backbencher who tried to derail david cameron 's eu policy has been left humiliated after more than 140 mps from his own party demanded he abandon his challenge .
adam afriyie , a self-styled future tory leadership contender accused of plotting against the prime minister , wanted to amend legislation allowing for an in-out referendum by 2017 .
but he faces unprecedented pressure to withdraw his amendment after scores of tory mps elected in 2010 warned him it would ` jeopardize ' the government 's bid to reshape britain 's relationship with brussels .
embarrassing : more than 140 of the 147 tory mps first elected in 2010 have warned adam afriyie he must drop his challenge to the referendum bill .
mr cameron has promised to renegotiate a ` fresh settlement ' with the european union , before staging an in-out vote before the end of 2017 .
a backbench bill introduced by tory mp james wharton will seek to enshrine the plan into law , but faces opposition from labour and the lib dems .
however , at the weekend mr afriyie said the public was ` not convinced ' mr cameron would stick to his promise and demanded the referendum be held in 2014 .
as downing street vowed to block his bid to amend the bill , mr afriye declared : ` i did n't come into politics to be popular .
' now he has come up against almost every tory mp elected in 2010 .
in a letter signed by more than 140 of the 147 who entered parliament for the first time at the last election , mr afriyie is warned he must respect the overwhelming opposition to his plans .
legislation : stockton south mp james wharton has tabled a backbench bill which would enshrine the referendum into law .
` delivering a referendum on our membership of the eu is , as you have said , essential , ' the letter states , according to the spectator .
` we believe that the bill before the house provides in its current form the best opportunity to secure this outcome , in part because of its uncomplicated , unambiguous