forget some tinsel and a wreath , this quiet cul-de-sac has gone to town with its christmas decorations to ensure santa will have no trouble spotting the festive families from his sleigh .
neighbours have joined forces to transform greyhound close , in hedge end , hampshire , into a winter wonderland with thousands of lights and decorations .
with six-foot snowmen , dancing reindeer and even an appearance from father christmas himself , the annual display attracts visitors from all over the country .
the group of residents have raised # 38,000 for naomi house children 's hospital in winchester since 2004 .
mike parsons , one of the organisers , said : ` it is becoming increasingly difficult each year to find things .
so there is an element of creativity this year and we have to create things for the show .
' festive families , streets and even pubs across the country have also got into the christmas spirit and one frozen-inspired lights display in dagenham , essex , drew a crowd so large that police had to close the road .
thousands of people crammed into a small residential close in new milton , hampshire , to see the huge display which used an estimated 1,000 bulbs .
if you have any pictures of impressive lights displays , please email them to mailonlinepictures@dailymail.co.uk .
scroll down for video .
neighbours have joined forces to transform greyhound close , in hedge end , hampshire , into a winter wonderland with twinkling lights .
with six-foot snowmen , dancing reindeer and even an appearance from father christmas himself , the annual display attracts visitors from all over the country .
the group of residents have raised # 38,000 for naomi house children 's hospital in winchester since starting the display in 2004 .
eric marshall , 75 , from bagby , north yorkshire proudly shows off the thousands of christmas lights which adorn his home .
alex goodhind decorates his home in melksham , wiltshire , with more than 200,000 lights to raise money for hospice where his mother was treated before she died .
a five-foot santa stands guard outside malcolm and wendy molloy 's festive house in alcester road , bromsgrove , worcestershire .
karl beetson 's house in wellingborough , northamptonshire , is one of the town 's biggest christmas attractions as he has