by .
daily mail reporter .
last updated at 5:17 pm on 25th july 2011 .
the parents of a talented golfer and his young sister who have been killed in a house fire have no idea their children are dead .
parents angela , 46 , and tommy , 55 , are being treated in hospital for serious burns and smoke inhalation .
they are sedated and have yet to learn of their children 's deaths .
police have launched an investigation into the deaths of golfer thomas sharkey , 21 , and his eight-year-old sister bridget , who were killed in the house fire near glasgow .
tragedy : thomas sharkey , 21 , and his eight-year-old sister bridget , who were killed in a house fire in helensburgh , near glasgow .
police have now launched a murder investigation .
police believe the blaze was started deliberately and have now launched a murder investigation into the siblings ' deaths .
their parents managed to escape the fire in helensburgh , near .
glasgow , after an off-duty policeman raised the alarm .
chief inspector fergus byrne said : ` they will have to wake up and learn this dreadful news .
my thoughts are very much with the family at this very difficult time .
` it 's an absolutely dreadful and tragic event .
right now there is no clear motivation .
we are looking at all aspects of the background of the people concerned to see if there is a motive there that perhaps could shed some light and point us to the people responsible .
` we have spoken to the wider family .
they are aware of these dreadful circumstances and obviously that will be part of our ongoing inquiry .
' eight-year-old bridget is .
believed to have died after coming home from a planned sleepover because .
she missed her parents .
the heat of the blaze caused a .
downstairs window to explode and left an area of severe scorching around .
the front door of the property in scott court .
thomas was in the .
country after returning from the u.s. where he has a golfing .
scholarship at georgia southern university .
tributes have today been paid to two `` fine young people who had everything to live for '' .
parish .
priest father peter lennon