ginger jihadist abdullah elmir could face 25 years in jail if he ever sets foot on australian soil again .
the australian federal police have confirmed the evidence is being prepared for the director of public prosecutions after the sydney teenager appeared in the isis video rant against western society , according to the herald sun .
the 17-year-old gained notoriety when he declared that isis will not stop their murderous campaign ` until the black flag is flying high in every single land ' in the youtube video this week .
scroll down for video .
abu khaled from australia , thought to be abdullah elmir , speaks flanked by other isis fighters in the latest isis propaganda video .
afp counterterrorism head neil gaughan told the herald sun that elmir , who now goes by the moniker abu khaled , has ` basically admitted he is a member of a proscribed terrorist organisation ' .
` the fact that he is admitting that he is a member of isis , which he does in the video , straight away says that he has committed an offence under the criminal code .
that 's up to 25 years imprisonment , ' he said .
meanwhile , the father of the 17-year-old , known as ` fayez ' , who accompanied elmir to the middle east said his son is ` back on the right path ' and has returned to school in sydney to sit his hsc exams , according to herald sun .
the father of the 17-year-old , known as ` fayez ' , who accompanied elmir to the middle east said his son is ` back on the right path ' and has returned to school in sydney to sit his hsc exams .
while elmir 's friends have admitted that elmir , who this week appeared in a youtube video rant , was ` expected ' to run away to the middle east .
` some expected it , like he used to talk about it a bit , ' a friend told daily mail australia .
distraught classmates from condell park high school , in sydney 's south-west , painted a picture of a complex young man on thursday , describing him as both ` very quiet ' and someone who ` enjoyed politicking ' .
australian security agencies are analysing the vision to