thibaut courtois named his dream five-a-side team in a recent questions and answers session on twitter .
the chelsea keeper decided to pick himself between the posts and picked two current blues players in his line-up .
courtois also selected two former atletico madrid colleagues in a five-a-side consisting of the best players he has featured alongside .
see the full thibaut courtois five-a-side team below .
the chelsea number one thibaut courtois has been in impressive form for the blues this term .
thibaut courtois .
the goalkeeper had to pick himself in the team .
the keeper has been in fine form this season and has managed to fight off competition from petr cech to be chelsea 's number one .
the blues signed filipe luis in the summer for # 20m and has once again linked up with courtois .
filipe luis .
courtois played alongside the brazilian left-back during his three seasons on loan at atletico madrid .
they won the europa league and la liga together when they were played together in spain and now both feature in chelsea 's back four .
atletico madrid midfielder koke was a player that caught the eye of courtois in their time at the club .
koke .
the diminutive spanish international has been an important part of diego simeone 's atletico madrid team and he clearly impressed courtois too .
koke has been linked with a move to the premier league but for now remains one of la liga 's most impressive midfielders .
eden hazard has been in magnificent form for chelsea and has scored 12 goals this campaign .
eden hazard .
the duo play together for the belgian national team and hazard has clearly left his mark on courtois .
the 24-year-old has scored 12 goals and made seven assists so far this term .
he will continue to be a huge part of chelsea 's title challenge .
manchester united striker radamel falcao used to play alongside courtois at atletico madrid .
radamel falcao .
the manchester united striker spent two years at atletico madrid before he moved to old trafford .
he scored a hat-trick against chelsea in the 2012 super cup final .
falcao moved to monaco , the following campaign , and is now looking to earn a permanent move with van gaal 's side at the end of this