by .
steve doughty .
published : .
12:12 est , 14 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:30 est , 15 february 2013 .
warning : high court judge sir paul coleridge says couples are n't getting married because they can not afford to buy a house together as well .
high property prices are deterring many couples from marriage , a leading judge has warned .
family law high court judge sir paul coleridge cited a survey that shows one in six couples do not plan to marry because they can not afford to buy a home .
it also found that cohabiting couples were put off marriage by the cost of the wedding itself .
instead they settle for other arrangements such as living together and are more prone to break-ups .
he said : ` a new national survey shows three quarters of 18 to 24-year-olds , and two thirds of people cohabiting , want to get married at some point .
it is clear marriage remains a popular and cherished institution .
` but when we ask people why they have not married they come up with a range of answers : the cost of weddings , waiting to be asked , not getting round to it , not thinking it 's necessary , or the cost of housing .
' sir paul is the founder of the marriage foundation think-tank , which commissioned the research by law firm seddons .
the study of 450 people living with partners found 16 per cent do not marry because they can not afford a house .
some people gave several reasons , with 40 per cent unable to pay for a wedding and 25 per cent saying marriage is unnecessary .
a conference organised by the marriage .
foundation will discuss a new survey which found that although most .
people want to get married , nearly one in five london couples say they .
have yet to do so because they can not afford to buy a home .
sir paul added : ` there is a real danger here .
people can slide into ever greater commitments without ever making a decision to be a couple .
` moving in together is , according to our findings , the key transition from being seen as boyfriend and girlfriend to being seen as a