the fa are in the process of renewing a contract with bookmakers william hill despite the considerable conflict of interest because of the blanket ban on gambling for anyone working in english football .
william hill were controversial # 2.5million-a-year sponsors of england and the fa cup when the deal was first signed in 2012 because of the regulations against footballers betting which have now been extended to worldwide restrictions on the whole football family .
yet the fa , who rule on gambling breaches , still intend to keep an official betting partner , with william hill close to agreeing a new four-year deal for the next world cup cycle .
woeful : england 's disastrous world cup has seen their sponsorship deal with william hill slashed .
however , the deal will be considerably less -- around # 1.5 m annually -- because the fa are in a weak negotiating position after such a woeful world cup performance and players ' appearances being taken out of the rights because of the gambling implications .
william hill are also having to save significant amounts because of a new law which obliges them -- along with other betting companies -- to pay uk tax on their off-shore earnings which will cost them around # 70m a year .
the fa say a close relationship with a bookmaker helps them monitor illegal betting .
but the new agreement has still to be rubber-stamped by the fa and william hill boards .
the upheaval at crystal palace includes ambitious chief scout tim coe leaving selhurst park to join championship club brighton , who have revamped their recruitment operation .
it is understood coe was looking for more day-to-day involvement than he was given under tony pulis .
coe , 28 , was the youngest chief scout in the premier league last season and combined those duties with qualifying to be a solicitor .
... .
there is plenty of surprise within talksport that lead football analyst stan collymore has been granted extended leave since the world cup -- missing the start of the season and is not due back until august 30 .
collymore was said to be exhausted after his stint in brazil , but has since had twitter rows with gary neville and his talksport colleague alan brazil .
and , far from resting , collymore is actually in miami