nico rosberg ended lewis hamilton 's dominant streak by finishing final practice for the spanish grand prix on top of the timesheets .
after seeing his mercedes team-mate , and rival for the championship , end both practice sessions quickest on friday , rosberg responded with a time of 1:25.887 - over eight tenths quicker than the briton - on saturday morning .
fernando alonso was third quickest in his ferrari , with sebastian vettel , who completed just four laps yesterday , only tenth , and over two seconds adrift of rosberg .
on track : nico rosberg was fastest in the final practice session before qualifying for the spanish grand prix .
flying the flag : a british fan waves the union jack as he makes his way to the track for saturday 's practice .
in the shade : lewis hamilton was eight tenths adrift of nico rosberg with sebastian vettel tenth quickest .
you 've got in on the wrong way round , dan : ricciardo was in jovial mood ahead of saturday 's practice session .
rosberg .
qualified on pole in spain a year ago and will be looking to repeat the .
feat to turn the momentum back his way after seeing hamilton whittle the .
overall lead down to four points followiing consecutive wins in .
malaysia , bahrain and china .
hamilton .
was keeping his powder dry however , with the 2008 world champion seeing .
no need to take part in the final 10 minutes of the session .
whereas .
the briton had an untroubled day on friday , rosberg suffered cooling .
problems and was eager to make up for the lost time .
he did 16 laps to .
his team mate 's nine on saturday morning , with his fastest on the medium .
tyre .
brazilian .
felipe massa went fourth fastest for williams while frenchman romain .
grosjean put in an impressive lap for lotus , still without a point this .
season , in fifth .
australian .
daniel ricciardo was the fastest red bull driver , in seventh place , .
with quadruple world champion sebastian vettel 10th but getting some .
laps under his belt after a day on the sidelines due to an electrical .
problem .