excavation : guido lewandowski , a member of vbgo , digs out the remains of a german soldier at a former army headquarter in klessin , germany .
the remains of a german soldier killed during the second world war have been unearthed during an excavation by volunteers dedicated to giving dignified burials to the war dead .
bones and personal belongings were dug up during the excavation near the eastern german town of klessin , which lies about 50 miles east of berlin .
the area around the small town which lies close to the polish border was the place of a .
battle between german and soviet forces between february and march .
1945 - part of the final push into germany known as the battle of berlin .
as many as 200 of the soldiers who were part of the conflict are still missing .
today - instigating the dig .
the excavation was carried out by members of the association for the recovery of the fallen in eastern europe who have been carrying out digs to help identify those killed in both the first and second world wars .
known in germany as vereins zur .
bergung gefallener in osteuropa or vbgo , the group is made up entirely .
of volunteers , many of whom are from russia , poland , czech republic , .
slovakia , ukraine and the us .
since they were founded in 1992 the group has recovered more than 7,000 sets of remains all over europe .
but due to the level of decomposition they are only able to identify around 25 per cent of those discovered .
discovery : an old german ` wehrmacht ' helmet lays on a pile of soil as members of the association for the recovery of the fallen in eastern europe dig in klessin .
findings : personal belongings including glasses were also discovered during the groups most recent dig .
the group have dug up the remains of a number of nationalities and they state : ` we are not looking for soldiers of the wehrmacht , not for u.s. gi 's , .
marines , soldiers of the red army or polish military - not for infantry .
soldiers , sailors or airmen - not for good or bad .
` we are looking for people - sons , fathers , brothers