by .
claire bates .
updated : .
05:23 est , 29 february 2012 .
if you saw evie playing with a group of her school friends , the only difference you might notice is that she is sometimes a little unsteady on her feet .
tragically her ` wobbly legs ' are due to a devastating underlying condition , that will slowly rob the bright blonde girl of her physical abilities while leaving her mentally alert .
the rare disorder known as ataxia-telangiectasia - a-t for short - is a progressive neurodegenerative disease that affects around 20 children in the uk each year .
most youngsters with the condition are wheelchair-bound by the age of 10 and few survive past their 18th birthdays .
big sister : evie , 5 , -lrb- pictured left with her brother wilf , 3 -rrb- has a condition that causes progressive disability and premature death .
her parents are campaigning for better awareness of the disease .
evie 's father toby read , 37 , said the day he and his wife emily had received the diagnosis in september 2011 was the worst of their lives .
` we had read enough to know that it was incurable and that it would do terrible , terrible things to our daughter , ' he said , while mrs read added they were ` absolutely shattered ' by the news .
speaking to the mail online , mr read said : ` at the moment she goes to a normal school , which she loves .
she is bright , loves writing , is learning to read and has many friends .
` one of the tragedies of this disease is .
that the physical abilities she is just learning now will be taken away .
from her .
` she will find it progressively harder and harder to control .
her muscles and will slowly lose the ability to write , speak , walk , read .
and even to swallow food unaided .
` she will lose none of her .
intelligence but will instead have the frustration of not being able to .
do the things she once could .
' at risk : toby and emily discovered they both carry a rare gene mutation which meant each of their three children had a one in four chance of developing ataxia-telangiectasia .