a lorry driver has been arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving in connection with the death of a man who was killed as he cycled alongside a busy dual carriageway .
the driver , who is in his forties , was arrested and taken into custody after a collision on the a38 near plymouth , devon , yesterday morning .
the 58-year-old cyclist , who is local to the area , suffered serious injuries and was flown to derriford hospital , where he later died from his injuries .
a lorry driver , who is in his forties , has been arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving in connection with the death of a man who was killed as he cycled alongside the a38 in devon .
pictured : air ambulance at the scene .
the cyclist , 58 , was travelling along the a38 at smithaleigh , in devon , -lrb- above -rrb- when the collision occurred .
police closed the road for seven hours while the air ambulance landed and investigations were carried out .
devon and cornwall police said he will not be formally identified until monday morning .
the lorry driver was arrested at the scene and taken to charles cross police station , police said .
an investigation has been launched to determine the circumstances surrounding the death and police closed the road for more than seven hours following the collision at 10.50 am .
a police spokesman said : ` tragically the pedal cyclist , a 58-year-old local male , has died at derriford hospital as a result of his injuries .
the cyclist was taken to derriford hospital , plymouth -lrb- above -rrb- , but sadly died a short time later from his injuries .
` the driver of the lorry was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and remains in custody at charles cross police station .
` a detailed investigation was carried out at the scene by police collision investigators and staff from the driver and vehicle standards agency .
' officers are appealing for witnesses to the incident to contact 101 , quoting police reference 0252 05914 .
sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .