by .
helen lawson .
published : .
03:13 est , 3 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:51 est , 3 april 2013 .
a group of raf pilots have become the first to be awarded their wings for flying unmanned aircraft .
the four airmen , who are the first to be trained specifically for the role , will now have the ability to bomb sites and carry out intelligence missions by remotely flying the 11-metre long reaper mq-9 aircraft from their desks .
the raf has created a specialist flying branch for those in charge of remotely piloted air systems , training the first cohort in the united states because the machines can not be flown in the uk under current aviation laws .
the four unnamed airmen , pictured with deputy commander-in-chief air marshal richard garwood , centre , will now have the ability to fly the 11-metre long reaper mq-9 aircraft from their desks .
the 11-metre long reaper mq-9 drone can be used in bombing or intelligence missions thousands of miles away from the pilots ' base .
the pilots trained at the creech air force base in nevada and will work from the base on operations against the taliban in afghanistan , 7,500 miles away .
raf crew in afghanistan have initial .
control of the aircraft for take-off and once in the air , a satellite .
link-up transfers control over to the rpas squadron in their offices .
the rpas pilots then carry out the operation with control passed back to the raf in afghanistan for landing .
all the pilots had undergone basic training for ` real ' aircrafts before specialising in drone flights .
rpas pilots get a dedicated wings badge which has blue laurel leaves rather than brown to show their specialisation .
air marshal richard garwood , the raf 's deputy commander-in-chief-operations , awarded the wings to the four pilots , who are not yet being named for security purposes .
the wings badges for the drone squadron have blue laurel leaves instead of the usual brown to distinguish them from pilots flying manned aircraft .
deputy commander-in-chief operations , air marshal richard garwood addressing the audience at the pilots ' graduation ceremony at the creech air force base in nevada .
he said : ` this first graduation of rpas pilots makes clear not