by .
amanda williams .
published : .
10:18 est , 15 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
14:36 est , 15 november 2012 .
if you are excited about christmas , look away now .
serial object destroyer alan sailer , from california , has turned his twisted attention to exploding much-loved toys .
the high-speed photography fanatic has selected children 's favourites and destroyed them with firecrackers .
serial object destroyer alan sailer has turned his twisted attention to exploding much-loved toys with explosive results .
mr potato head gets a baking and pikachu , from much loved series pokemon , looks a little worse for wear .
poor old mickey mouse blows his top after mr sailer turns his attention to him .
tweety pie clings on to a flowerpot for dear life as he is destroyed with firecrackers .
and thanks to his .
photographic expertise , the 57-year-old has managed to capture the .
moment the poor playthings were blown apart .
unfortunate toys and characters include a mickey mouse mug blowing its top , tweety pie losing his head , a troll head cracking up and a rubik 's cube exploding into pieces .
mr sailer , from camarillo , california , explains : ` the poor defenseless toys are common so i pick them up from garage sales .
i try my best to keep the costs under a dollar per shot .
' i will admit that it is fun to mess with toy archetypes .
i have to smile when an icon of sweet innocence like my little pony crumbles to pieces in rather horrifying way .
' to blow up the objects alan uses a firecracker modified so that it can be fired using an electrical signal .
mr sailer said he smiles when toys such as dolls -lrb- left -rrb- and my little pony -lrb- right -rrb- are destroyed in a ` horrifying way ' it is not just toys like dora the explorer -lrb- left -rrb- that fall foul of mr sailer 's wrath .
a christmas ornament gets the explosion treatment too .
serial object destroyer alan sailer has turned his twisted attention to exploding much-loved toys .
he then has to synchronise the opening of the camera shutter with the explosion .
it does not need to be really accurate , but it does