by .
luke salkeld .
published : .
17:11 est , 29 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:11 est , 29 april 2013 .
a member of one of britain 's grandest aristocratic families is to appear in court this week accused of beating up his wife .
edward alexander somerset , the 54-year-old son of the duke of beaufort , faces six charges of assault .
a preliminary hearing at bristol crown court on thursday will decide whether lord somerset will face trial .
lord somerset , pictured with his wife caroline at a fancy dress party in 1993 , has been accused of beating his wife on six occasions .
the father-of-two , who lives on the 52,000-acre badminton estate in gloucestershire , is accused of assaulting caroline , his wife of 30 years .
court documents reveal that lord somerset , a nephew of the eccentric lord bath , is accused of causing her actual bodily harm on six occasions .
it is understood that one of the most recent alleged incidents led to lady somerset being hospitalised , which in turn led to police becoming involved .
the first assault is alleged to have occurred at a london address and could date back more than 25 years .
the other attacks are alleged to have taken place at badminton -- the couple live in grade ii-listed essex house on the estate -- with the most recent occurring last october .
it is understood that one of the recent alleged incidents left lady somerset hospitalised .
millfield-educated lord somerset , who attended north avon magistrates ' court earlier this month in connection with the charges , has two grown-up daughters , francesca and rose , with his 54-year-old wife .
if the case goes to trial , it is understood the prosecution will call several witnesses from the aristocracy as well as ` downstairs ' staff from badminton .
the 17th century estate is home to the world famous badminton horse trials .
this year 's event begins on thursday , the day lord somerset is due back in court .
lord somerset 's father is david , the 11th duke of beaufort , who is estimated to be worth # 135million .
his eldest brother , henry john fitzroy , marquess of worcester , 60 , is heir to the estate and title