the release of roy keane 's updated autobiography has confirmed his status as one of the most intriguing players of the premier league era .
the revisiting of his feud with sir alex ferguson , that leg breaking tackle on alf-inge haaland and a bust up with peter schmeichel have made the headlines .
but the book has also recalled just how powerful a presence he was at manchester united .
the fearsome irishman was a true midfield general , enforcing ferguson 's will on the pitch , winning the ball , carrying it forward and pulling everyone around him into line .
here , sportsmail considers keane and some of the other most influential players in the 22-year history of the premier league .
video scroll down to watch roy keane describe brian clough as the best manager .
roy keane was a midfield general for manchester united ... as his updated autobiography details .
keane clashes with patrick vieira during a game at highbury , a common sight in the premier league .
10 .
john terry .
now in his 17th season as a professional at chelsea , terry 's longevity is testament to his talent and unwavering dedication to football .
he has not always conducted himself well -- appearing on the front pages of the papers as well as the back , but his ability as a footballer is unquestionable .
he has an uncanny sense of positioning , rarely misses a tackle and last season made a staggering 600th premier league appearance .
john terry is in his 17th season at chelsea - he emerged from the academy to become a true leader .
9 .
steven gerrard .
the 34-year-old has been criticised by some this season with liverpool not firing on all cylinders .
but there is no doubt that he has been consistently the most influential player at anfield since making his premier league debut in 1998 .
he cemented his status as a liverpool legend when driving his side to champions league glory in istanbul nine years ago .
he is an expert passer and has reinvented himself in recent years , leading his team from a deep-lying midfield role .
his desire to succeed for his boyhood team remains undiminished .
steven gerrard , celebrating scoring against bolton in 2009 , has excelled for liverpool since 1998 .
8