by .
leesa smith .
the social media world got to see the soft and cuddly side of the abc on facebook much to the bemusement of its followers .
the moderator of the social media page accidentally shared a personal post about a mother 's guilt when tucking in your children at night which was up for more than 20 minutes before the error was realised .
the first comment questioned the post saying ` was this meant to be posted to the abc page ?
i think someone forgot to log out lol !
' , while an amused follower promptly replied with ` bahahahaha abc fail ' .
the personal post that was accidentally shared on the abc 's facebook by the moderator .
some abc facebook followers were quite bemused by the error while others were oblivious .
but some reddit followers sympathised with the mistake , after the post was shared on its site , saying they know how it is easily done .
` as someone who helps to manage a popular humorous facebook page i can relate .
switching back and forth is a hassle and it 's easy to forget , ' one related .
while another commented that the error made them feel better in comparison .
` oh yeah , i manage a dozen or so pages , and it is easily done .
seeing a really big page do it -lrb- and leave it up for over 20 minutes now -rrb- definitely makes me feel like less of an idiot .
' when a follower expressed disappointment about not seeing the post before it was taken down another replied commenting that it : ` it was a very popular post , so i knew they 'd spot it eventually .
' reddit followers could relate to the easy mistake all too well while another expressed disappointment about not seeing the post before it was taken down .
the moderator added their comment when sharing the post by saying they too experienced ` night time grumps ' with their kids ' but still , they are so precious to me as well .
the way they cuddle sometimes is like a big tight grab .
i guess it 's nice to be so loved .
' some people seemed oblivious to the mistake with one agreeing that most busy mums