by .
hayley dixon .
published : .
11:22 est , 30 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
05:14 est , 1 december 2012 .
jack slater was still wearing his school uniform when he jumped in to help .
he has since been rewarded for his bravery .
a teenager in his school uniform dived in to stop a fight which saw four security guards punched , kicked , head-butted and bitten .
have-a-go-hero jack slater , 14 , did not spare a thought for his own safety until after he saved the security man from four attackers .
his actions were captured on cctv .
jack was with a friend at his local shopping centre when the guards moved in to remove the four men who were celebrating after one avoided a jail sentence at a court hearing earlier that day .
the fight broke out after the group were asked to leave because they were drunk and causing a nuisance .
in total four security guards faced off against the gang of four men in full view of stunned shoppers .
dozens of adults gathered to watch the spectacle , but only jack jumped in to help .
during the fight one security guard had his shirt ripped off others were kicked , punched and head butted .
one was even bitten .
jack , who saw one of the four guards pinned to the ground , jumped onto the back of the assailant and pulled him away .
scroll down for video .
the cctv shows men brawling on the floor as jack jumps in to the ` frightening situation ' to help a security guard .
the film captures a security guard grappling with one of the men as jack appears in the bottom left of the screen to lend a hand .
police eventually arrived on the scene and the four men , all aged between 18 and 21 , were arrested - although one officer was injured in the violent fracas .
the incident was captured on cctv and bosses at the mall in maidstone , kent , tracked jack down to give him an award for his act of bravery .
he was given # 50 in shopping vouchers during a special presentation at his school - oakwood park grammar .
the teenager , from maidstone , kent , said