tory said he did not realise what he had written was racist .
offensive remarks : bob frost , a tory councillor with dover district .
council , has been suspended after calling rioters ` jungle bunnies ' and has been axed from his position as a teacher .
a grammar school teacher and tory councillor has lost his job after calling rioters who brought havoc to the country last month ` jungle bunnies ' .
bob frost , a maths teacher at the prestigious sir roger manwood 's grammar and boarding school , made the comment on the social networking site facebook on august 7 .
soon afterwards the 49-year-old was suspended from his position as a tory councillor on dover district council in kent after fellow councillors spotted his offensive comments on the social networking site .
then on monday this week mr frost lost his job at the highly-regarded 912-pupil grammar school , the 96th oldest school in the uk , which was founded in 1563 by barrister sir roger manwood .
mr frost wrote on august 10 - three days after writing ` jungle bunnies ' in reference to the rioters on his facebook wall - that he had been phoned up by a fellow councillor and accused of racism .
he posted : ` i have just had a phone call that accused me of racism for my above posting .
` looking at the dictionary it would appear that the term jungle bunnies is pejorative and is a racist slur relating to african-americans .
` needless to say i did not mean to use any offensive racist term and was referring to the urban jungle .
' he added : ` as for the bunny bit it was originally ` animals ' , but i thought people might object to me calling fellow humans this so i chose something i thought was innocent and also cuddly .
' the councillor , who describes himself as a ` right-wing libertarian ' then removed the post after another call from a fellow tory and was suspended from the conservative party last month while an investigation into his conduct takes place .
a panel of district council members will meet to discuss mr frost 's comments before deciding on further action later this month .
head teacher chris morgan confirmed .
that mr frost had left the