this garden gnome might not look like much but he is now worth # 17,000 -- with a little help from his friends .
the cardboard gnome was signed by all four members of the beatles after starring on the iconic cover of the fab four 's 1967 album sgt pepper 's lonely hearts club band .
cardboard cutouts or waxworks of more than 60 celebrities including bob dylan and marlon brando were on the cover picture , which was the brainchild of artists peter blake and jann haworth and photographer michael cooper .
the cardboard gnome was signed by all four members of the beatles after starring on the iconic cover of the fab four 's 1967 album sgt pepper 's lonely hearts club band .
the tiny cardboard gnome is next to the legs of george harrison , who is wearing red on the album 's cover art .
the gnome is next to the legs of george harrison , who is wearing red on the album art .
following the shoot on march 30 , 1967 , mr cooper 's photography assistant was given the 20-inch tall cardboard gnome as a souvenir by the band , who each signed it .
the model has emerged for sale almost 50 years later after being listed for auction by a private collector .
auctioneers in the us have valued the gnome , which has some water damage , at about # 17,000 .
dean harmeyer , of heritage auctions , said : ` this is a true rarity and a cornerstone piece of any beatles collection .
' the album cover ended up being so extravagant that the final cost of producing the artwork was # 3,000 - a whopping # 50,000 in today 's money .
the front and back of the gnome were then mounted alongside an unopened copy of the sgt pepper 's vinyl lp .
` designer peter blake worked with the beatles to stage the cover of sgt. pepper 's , which was filled with life-size cardboard likenesses of famous figures - mae west , bob dylan , marlon brando - behind the beatles , ' mr. harmeyer explained .
the gnome has been valued at # 1,700 and was singed by all four members of the band after the shoot .
on the shoot : assistants organise the set for the artwork which