diego costa is expected to start for chelsea at manchester united on sunday despite his hamstring problems and an overnight stay in hospital last week with a virus .
manager jose mourinho has been sweating on the spain striker 's fitness but costa is understood to have come through training on saturday and is ready to be selected .
mourinho had said costa would have to train with the team and show no ill effects from his recent health scares if he was to start - and the premier league 's leading goalscorer seems to have done enough to convince mourinho he can play .
video scroll down for jose mourinho 's pre-match press conference footage .
diego costa is expected to start for chelsea against manchester united despite hamstring problems .
costa , pictured earlier this month , made it through a training session on saturday and is ready to be selected .
the striker has made an impressive start to life in england and is currently the premier league 's top scorer .
chelsea boss jose mourinho will have been delighted to see his main striker make it though training .
chelsea striker loic remy -lrb- second right -rrb- injured his groin during the blues ' 6-0 win over maribor on tuesday .
chelsea owner roman abramovich will be hoping for more reason to celebrate , as he did here against arsenal .
click here for glenn hoddle 's verdict ahead of the big game ... that comes as a major boost to chelsea , who are without injured france forward loic remy and would have relied on 36-year-old didier drogba to lead the line .
manchester united manager louis van gaal has his own selection headache up front .
wayne rooney completes a ban and radamel falcao is doubtful after van gaal revealed he took a heavy knock in training on friday .
robin van persie has scored just twice in eight league games this season .
another concern for van gaal is that angel di maria , in outstanding form , has a thigh strain , although the argentina flier is confident he will be fit .
chelsea are missing cesar azpilicueta , who is suspended , but ramires could return after a month on the sidelines .
manchester united manager will also have a selection headache for the visit of chelsea on sunday .
wayne