by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
02:48 est , 20 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
02:48 est , 20 march 2014 .
nicole trunfio has hit back at claims she has been rejected from appearing on the uk version of the face because of diva antics on set of the australian show .
a reality show insider told mailonline the 28-year-old model applied to star as a mentor alongside naomi campbell on the upcoming second season of the british show , but was rejected .
the source claimed she was ` nightmare ' and ` disrespectful ' while filming the australian series in the franchise .
but trunfio has hit back at the allegations of her bad behaviour , saying : ` my experience on the face has been so positive and i thank naomi for the opportunity .
' scroll down for video .
branded a nightmare : producers of the face uk have reportedly refused to cast nicole trunfio as a mentor on the second series of the popular modelling show after they heard of her rude and disrespectful behaviour on the australian set .
controversial : a source close to the producers claim the 28-year-old model was demanding and difficult to work with while filming the debut series of the face australia .
nicole addressed the revelation she has her eye on a role on the face uk , adding : ' i do n't see myself doing more of the show in other markets but if naomi thought i was right for any of her markets , of course i would consider it .
' mark fennessy ceo of shine , the production company which makes the show rushed to trunfio 's defence saying the allegations the model was difficult to work with were untrue : ` on behalf of everyone at shine we are shocked and appalled at these comments - they are 100 per cent totally incorrect .
' he added : ` on behalf of the production i can tell you she -lrb- nicole -rrb- is a delightful , professional , a sweet girl that turned up on time everyday and was incredibly professional .
a nicer person you could not meet .
' the insider claimed to mailonline trunfio had demonstrated what was considered a bad attitude on the program which had alienated not only her