these are the images all australia has been waiting to see - young fast bowler sean abbott showing that he 's ready to resume playing top-class cricket tomorrow at the sydney cricket ground , two weeks after bowling the ball that fatally struck phillip hughes on the same field .
abbott , 22 , is in the new south wales squad to face queensland in a sheffield shield match , on the same day it was confirmed that australian captain michael clarke will take his place in the test team to meet india in the first test .
traumatised by hughes ' death , abbott chose to sit out last weekend 's resumption of sydney grade cricket but today , after emotional embraces from team-mates , threw himself into a full training session .
scroll down for video .
here we go .
sean abbott begins his run into the crease at nsw training ahead of his return to first class cricket against queensland on tuesday .
sean abbott leaps into the air in his final delivery stride as he returns to the scg .
nsw fast bowler sean abbott shows the sort of form which earned him an international call-up .
the familiar follow through .
sean abbott is set to return to first class cricket tomorrow for nsw .
welcome back mate .
hugs all round for sean abbott from nsw team-mates as he took part in the blues ' last training session ahead of the sheffield shield clash with queensland .
sean abbott received warm embraces from his nsw team-mates ahead of a training session on monday .
preparing to launch into action .
sean abbott inspects the pitch prior to a training session for nsw .
sean abbott was among the mourners at phillip hughes ' funeral last week .
the young fast bowler is set to playing cricket for the first time since hughes ' death in a new south wales vs queensland game starting tomorrow .
young fast bowler sean abbott in full flight .
he sat out the resumption of grade cricket but is set to play again for new south wales on tuesday .
team officials named abbott in the side but said he would have the final call on whether he plays or not .
hughes collapsed after being struck in the neck by an abbott bouncer in the shield match