amidst a bitter and ongoing family feud within one of australia 's most wealthy families , ginia rinehart has spoken out for the first time since her older brother john hancock branded her an ` oxygen thief ' in court this week .
the only one of gina 's four children to have stood by her side during the spat , ms rinehart told the daily telegraph she feels betrayed her sister bianca agreed with their brother 's comments .
` it has been hurtful that bianca , while in a public proceeding , chose to effectively side with john 's comments about me , ' she said .
scroll down for video .
the youngest rinehart , ginia -lrb- left -rrb- , who sided with her mother , gina -lrb- right -rrb- , against her siblings has now spoken out against her brothers ` hurtful ' comments made in court .
` nasty and mean comments should n't be made about anyone , let alone a family member , and certainly not to be then supported publicly by another family member .
mrs rinehart also hit out at her two warring children , bianca and john , following this week 's court proceedings , calling them selfish as they try to gain control of the $ 5 billion hancock family trust .
' i have always worked in the best interests of our family company and my record shows i have turned hancock prospecting into one of the most successful private companies in the country , which is of benefit to all my children given their interest via the trust i requested be set up for them , ' she told aap .
` hard work , sacrifice and immense dedication , not short-term gambles in hope of quick easy money has got us here with the help of a dedicated but very small executive team .
` this has become a company this family should be genuinely very proud of , as my daughter ginia is , not attacked or distracted for selfish reasons in public litigation .
' earlier this week a sydney court heard the son of australia 's richest woman call his youngest sister an ` oxygen thief ' , in the latest battle over control of the family 's $ 5billion trust .
bianca rinehart , the eldest daughter of australia 's richest woman