by .
katy winter .
published : .
07:23 est , 9 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:05 est , 9 april 2013 .
the trend for baking has swept the nation of late , with cakes , cookies and confectionary fast becoming the ` it ' food of choice .
but while other bakers battle with candied flowers , butterflies or pretty pastel icing , one adventurous type has created an array of disgustingly realistic sweet treats - including fungal toe cookies -lrb- complete with your choice of corn or chilblains -rrb- , severed ear cake-pops , or blackened lung cake .
and if the hertfordshire baker 's cake covered in stubbed out cigarettes does n't whet your appetite , then how about a trashed trifle or a fish carcass cookie ?
yummy : the severed toe cookies are incredibly realistic and come with either fungus , corns , or chilblain .
tempting ?
the ashtray cake may look like it has been attacked by chain smokers , but the cigarettes are in fact cookies covered in icing .
for those with a strong stomach and a sweet tooth , there is a choice of three mini toe cookies - fungal nail , corn and chilblain - all of which look like they have been freshly severed from a body .
the chilblain toe is even crafted to reveal a bone peeking out of the top .
similarly gruesome and realistic are the severed ear cake pops .
intricate : there is such a high level of anatomical detail in both the severed toe cookies -lrb- right -rrb- and ear cake-pop -lrb- left -rrb- with wax inside the ears and harden skin on the underside of the toes .
originally designed for the eat your heart out : this time it 's anatomical 18 + pop-up cake shop last year , the ears even have wax visible inside .
the ashtray cake comes complete with individual ` cigarettes ' stubbed out all over it and in the ashtray on the top , some of which even have lipstick marks around the ends .
the cigarettes are individually shaped biscuits that are then covered in icing and painted , while the tobacco around them is a mixture of crushed biscuits and dyed coconut .
also covered in the sweet cigarettes is the ` trashed trifle ' ,