long-hailed as a role model to britain , france 's much-lauded high speed tgv trains are ` running out of steam ' according to a damning report by french financial watchdogs .
some 33 years after the launch of the first tgv - train à grande vitesse or ` high speed train ' - 40 per cent of the trains still travel on conventional track rather than the specially built high-speed lines .
watchdogs say the system often fails to meet its key stated aims on what is described as an ` incoherent ' network .
` running out of steam ' : watchdogs say the high-speed rail network often fails to meet its key stated aims on what is described as an ` incoherent ' network .
above , a file picture of a tgv train .
these are ` to link large population centres , within one and a half to three hours , few or no intermediate stops , a frequent service , a high user rate and good connections to other forms of transport ' .
the report will make alarming reading for the uk government on the day it announced its own ambitious new plans for an east to west high speed rail -- dubbed hs3 -- in addition to the already controversial planned hs2 .
france 's audit office blamed local authorities for pressuring the state to allow the tgv to pass through their towns , creating an ` incoherent ' network .
as a result , there are now a total 230 tgv stations across france , many on lines which are loss-making for the state-run sncf company .
in the uk cities like stoke and liverpool have also been pressing to be part of britain 's high speed network , with sheffield wanting a stop in the city centre rather than at the meadowhall out-of-town shopping centre .
alarming : the report was released a day after the uk government announced its own plans for an east to west high speed rail -- dubbed hs3 .
above , david cameron pictured today after a conference on the rail network .
france 's audit office highlighted a steady drop in tgv profitability since 2008 .
decision-making processes are only ` partly rational ' in the cases of the tours-bordeaux line , which is due to open in 2017 at an estimated cost of