ronny deila has backed penalty row striker john guidetti as he stressed there would be no cheating permitted at celtic .
the 22-year-old swede won and scored a controversial spot-kick in sunday 's 4-0 william hill scottish cup win over hearts at tynecastle .
the jambos were incensed when referee willie collum pointed to the spot after the on-loan manchester city forward went down in the box following a challenge from defender brad mckay .
celtic striker john guidetti goes down in the penalty box after brad mckay 's challenge .
it is understood the scottish football association 's compliance officer , tony mcglennan , will not be taking any retrospective action against the hoops player after viewing footage of the incident .
and ahead of the scottish premiership game against partick thistle on wednesday night , the celtic boss contributed his thoughts to the debate .
` maybe it was not a penalty but it is a long way from there to diving , ' he said .
` it looked like he slipped a bit so it is nothing , it is a decision the referee has made .
` of course i understand the discussion but he did n't do anything wrong .
' asked if guidetti should have told collum there had been no contact , the norwegian replied : ` no , as a player you do n't know everything that is happening .
` when you play you play to win and you are so focused on winning .
john guidetti scores from the penalty spot to put celtic 2-0 ahead against hearts .
` we do n't want cheats , that 's an important thing but i do n't think he was wanting a penalty .
` things happen in the game and over a long season it will even out , that 's how it is going to be .
` but this situation is n't the reason why we won this game , we had a lot of chances and we deserved to win .
' deila also reiterated his backing of aleksandar tonev , whose appeal against his seven-game ban for racially abusing aberdeen defender shay logan will be on thursday .
the on-loan aston villa winger was found guilty by a scottish fa judicial panel , on the balance of probability , of ` excessive misconduct by the use