it has been a week of joy for sonia kruger after announcing she is expecting her first child with partner craig mcpherson .
and the 49-year-old mornings presenter has opened up about how she has been dealing with the rollercoaster of emotions that come with her exciting news made possible by a close friend offering to be an egg donor .
speaking to the australian women 's weekly , sonia has revealed the couple of five years and her friend have undergone counselling in order to prepare for the birth of the child and determine her friend 's involvement in the baby 's life .
` all of these things have to be discussed at length and agreed before the egg donation process begins , ' she told the magazine .
scroll down for video .
opening up : sonia kruger has opened up about how she has been dealing with the emotions that have come along with her exciting news of being pregnant .
it has undoubtedly been a tough journey for the channel nine personality , having fallen pregnant naturally a few times before the pregnancies ended in miscarriage .
with her strong desire to start a family , the blonde beauty decided to give ivf a go at the age of 45 .
but having found little luck with the fertility treatment , the next stop was to look at options overseas .
last year sonia travelled to south africa for an egg donor , however the embryo did n't take .
proactive : the 49-year-old presenter has revealed she and her partner of five years craig mcpherson have undergone counselling sessions with sonia 's friend who kindly offered to be the egg donor .
it was then the option of speaking to someone closer to home that became more of a reality .
appearing on a current affair on monday night , sonia revealed to presenter leila mckinnon she is expecting a girl thanks to her friend 's kind gesture .
` the egg came from a very good friend of mine ... we were having conversation about it one day and she knew that i had struggled , and i said `` look it 'd all be fine if you would just give me one of your eggs !
'' ' ` she said , `` okay !
, '' and that 's how it