by .
paul newman .
follow @@ paul_newmandm .
never again can moeen ali be considered a part-time spinner , not now that ` the beard ' will be well and truly feared after the perfect end to the complete test for england and captain alastair cook .
what a turnaround from the embarrassing last day at lord 's .
what a performance from a man who found himself in the eye of a storm over his views on gaza before creating a storm that engulfed india 's batsmen .
moeen may be different to the stereotypical english sportsman but what is absolutely clear , after he took the last four of the six wickets to fall at the ageas bowl on thursday in 22 balls , is that he is the rightful successor to graeme swann .
video scroll down for moeen ali : this was my best moment in an england shirt .
man of the moment : moeen ali celebrates taking the wicket of bhuvneshwar kumar .
time for cheer : england celebrate beating india and leveling the series at 1-1 .
joy of six : ali celebrates taking the wicket of mohammed shami .
long walk : ms dhoni returns to the pavilion after being dismissed .
video my best day - moeen .
it says everything about the scale of .
moeen 's achievement in taking six for 67 as india plummeted to a .
266-run defeat that he has now claimed more wickets in three tests than .
swann managed in four against india in 2011 .
we .
should not get carried away just yet , not after a display in which .
india batted as badly in southampton as england did at lord 's , but moeen .
is clearly better than cook and coach peter moores gave him credit for .
the .
sight of simon kerrigan in the second test squad was evidence that .
england were still not convinced about moeen 's bowling but cook 's .
declaration that he had ` never seen a bowler improve so .
quickly ' showed that this proud englishman and proud muslim will be .
underestimated no longer .
while .
england were expected to wrap up a priceless third test victory , they could never have imagined it would be all over 10 .
minutes before lunch , with jimmy anderson