a glamour model whose lingerie photographs were sold to porn and erotica companies to use online is suing her photographer .
nicole forni , a professional model from cleveland , ohio , claims that she only agreed to pose for the provocative pictures on the condition that they were not sold on for any ` adult-oriented ' purposes .
but after the shoot she and her family found the images used on websites for sex guides in germany and spain , an escort website in switzerland , as well as gracing the cover an erotic e-book entitled horny housewives of dubai : episode 4 .
scroll down for video .
` horny housewives ' : nicole forni -lrb- right in cleveland -rrb- found herself gracing the cover of an erotic e-book -lrb- left -rrb- set in dubai .
legal documents presented to a manhattan federal court this week also claim that a pittsburgh strip club , a seduction guide publisher , the dating website cougar911 and numerous websites selling webcam sex shows also used the pictures of forni .
the model is demanding $ 75,000 from joshua resnick , who took the photographs , alongside the slew of sex-related companies who allegedly used them .
the legal document says resnick approached her with an offer of taking the photographs , which she could use in her portfolio in lieu of being paid for them .
it then details how forni travelled to resnick 's studio in columbus , ohio , where she lay down on a white bed and posed in a lacy black ensemble .
it says she was promised that no obscene use would be made of them before the shoot , and signed the model release afterwards .
but it fells how her family members soon broke the news to her that the photographs were doing the rounds of erotic websites , including playboy , and were even being made into wallpaper .
shocked : forni said her family first told her how the pictures were being used .
swiss escorts : the shoot , which lawyers say forni put strict conditions on , led the model to becoming the face of superescort.ch in switzerland .
her lawyers claim that resnick is guilty of fraud not breaking their agreement , which he did not incorporate into a written model release form , which she signed .
michael