saudi arabia is beheading criminals at an unprecedented rate - almost half of them for non-violent drugs crimes , the human rights charity amnesty international has warned .
the arab state is believed to have executed 38 people so far this year , treble the number in the same period in 2014 and a sign its new king salman is showing no mercy to offenders .
now amnesty has sounded the latest of several warnings over the country 's ` unfair ' justice system and harsh punishments .
regime : some 38 people have already been beheaded in saudi arabia this year .
king salman -lrb- above meeting british prime minister david cameron -rrb- was crowned in january and shows no sign of leniency .
the charity 's saudi arabia researcher , sevag kechichian , told adam withnall of the independent : ` almost half of this year 's executions have actually been for non-violent drugs-related offences .
` there 's no real rhyme or reason for this upsurge in executions , and in a way this makes it all the more alarming .
' the saudi authorities insist there is a surge in the number of executions because .
rape , murder , apostasy , armed robbery and drug trafficking are all punishable by death under saudi arabia 's version of islamic sharia law .
no mercy : king salman pictured in january .
one diplomatic source told the afp news agency the surge in beheadings had started long before the reign of king salman , who was crowned in january after the death of his half-brother king abdullah .
` the saudi authorities want to show everyone they are strong , people can rely on them to keep the security and the safety in the kingdom , ' said the source .
the insider claimed the aim was to deter all forms of violence but the policy is linked to the kingdom 's fight against the islamic state group .
in september , saudi arabia began air strikes against the terrorists in syria as part of the us-led coalition , raising concerns about possible retaliation inside the kingdom .
security officers arrested three saudis who allegedly acted ` in support of ' the group when they shot and wounded a dane in november .
but mr kechichian said : ` the current rate has been truly unprecedented .