by .
david martosko , u.s. political editor .
the u.s. supreme court said tuesday that christian firms can challenge an obamacare mandate that forces employers to offer their staff free contraception as part of their health insurance .
hobby lobby , a crafting supply store owned by a family that also runs a chain of christian bookstores , sued the federal government over obamacare 's requirement that every health insurance policy include coverage for the morning-after pill and intra-uterine contraceptive devices , without requiring pharmacy co-payments from consumers .
now about 40 similar plaintiffs are involved , arguing that since their religious beliefs hold that human life begins at conception , they ca n't be forced to provide birth-control that prevents a fertilized egg from implanting in a woman 's uterus .
scroll down for video .
hobby lobby owners david and barbara green say they want to operate their business according to their christian faith .
that includes not providing employees with forms of contraception that they believe ends human life .
the hobby lobby case wo n't revisit the legality of abortion , guaranteed in the roe v. wade court decision , but it will likely determine whether a private company has to provide health insurance that includes drugs some groups see as ` abortion pills ' the green family closes all its hobby lobby stores on sundays in observance of their christian faith , but they say the affordable care act prohibits them from exercising other facts of their religious freedom .
hobby lobby employs 13,000 people .
its owners do not object to condoms , diaphragms and other forms of contraception .
but they face fines of up to $ 1.3 million per day if they do n't provide their workers with a health insurance plan that complies with the affordable care act , beginning with the first day of a new insurance plan year .
they have avoided paying the fine so far by shifting their group plan 's renewal date .
conestoga wood specialties corp , another named plaintiff , objects mainly to the ` plan b ' contraceptive pill and other similar medications .
the company is owned by a mennonite family .
autocam corp. , a michigan company that makes auto parts and medical equipment , objects to the law because its owners are roman catholic and oppose all forms of