fed up with feeling ripped off and patronised by male mechanics ?
so was mother-of-two caroline lake , the brains behind caroline 's cars - the uk 's first all-female garage .
now in its tenth year her business venture has proved so popular that many men - as well as women - flock to her norwich workshop .
caroline , 42 , said : ' -lsb- going to -rsb- garages can be a terrifying experience for many women -- i know women who prefer going to the dentist than going to a garage .
scroll down for video .
female friendly : caroline lake -lrb- centre -rrb- with two of her female mechanics , all of whom wear pink overalls .
tough job : the women get to work underneath one of their many male and female clients ' vehicles .
' i know women who have been ripped off , told their cars needed expensive work doing when it did n't -lsb- or -rsb- just have men talking to their boobs and being leery .
` women come here because they know they can trust me , and that i 'm not going to rip them off .
i want to encourage women to not be afraid and feel safe -- it 's engrained in society that women automatically know nothing about cars .
` the success has even led to a strong demand by men to have their cars fixed and looked at by my garage -- we 're getting a good reputation and i think people just warm to women .
' caroline was forced to work as an unpaid apprentice for four years before she convinced her male boss to take her on as a paid employee .
as a result , she became one of the first women in the country to become a qualified mot tester .
but after hearing countless complaints from women who had suffered harrowing experiences at male-dominated garages caroline decided it was time to launch her own business .
messy : caroline -lrb- right -rrb- and her staff have no qualms about getting covered in oil and grease at work .
results : caroline 's cars has lots of happy customers and lake would like to open branches elsewhere .
caroline said : ` many women can leave feeling extremely intimidated and worried about the service they 're being