by .
andrew levy and matt chorley .
published : .
04:06 est , 20 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:14 est , 20 june 2013 .
troubleshooters : sir michael wilshaw , chief inspector of schools , wants to best teachers to go into the worst schools .
hit squads of top teachers and headteachers should be employed directly by the government and parachuted into failing schools , ofsted 's chief inspector said today .
experienced staff with a proven track record of success could transform children 's prospects , sir michael wilshaw believes .
the trouble shooters would be drawn from teaching schools , which were set up two years ago to train top graduates .
they would be targeted at areas which have been identified as the worst-performing in the country .
sir michael said : ` we 're calling these teachers `` national service teachers '' .
these would be a tranche of teachers identified -- not newly-qualified teachers , people who are working in schools that we know to be good teachers .
` we 're suggesting to government that they contract with government and are then directed to these schools where children are failing , for a period of time , incentivised to do so -- financially incentivised to do so -- and also then given the chance to move on when they 've proved themselves ... fast-tracked into leadership positions , ' he told bbc radio 4 .
sir michael has already revealed that a report he is publishing today , access and achievement , will show inner city areas are no longer hotbeds of under-achievement among pupils .
instead , the problem has shifted to deprived coastal towns and rural areas , as well as ` sinking schools ' , often in areas of relative affluence .
sir michael added : ` where the problems now are is in schools -- good schools , outstanding schools -- in county areas , with small proportions of poor children who are doing extremely badly .
` the worst place that we found for a poor child to be educated in england is in west berkshire ; not exactly the sort of place you 'd expect .
` west berkshire is a place where poor children do badly in the primary sector , in the secondary sector , and in post-16 in