cadbury is to stop selling chocolate bars aimed at individuals containing more than 250 calories as part of a government anti-obesity initiative .
the former british favourite , controversially bought by american-owned confectionary firm mondelez international in 2010 , will phase out its most calorific bars as part of a drive by the department of health to crack down on obesity .
the dairy milk bar and a half , dairy milk whole nut bar and a half , and dairy milk fruit and nut bar and a half , are among the products affected .
these are all aimed at individuals .
axed : the dairy milk bar and a half -lrb- pictured -rrb- is among the products affected by the announcement .
individual bar : the dairy milk whole nut bar and a half -lrb- pictured -rrb- is also affected by the changes .
no more : the dairy milk fruit and nut bar and a half -lrb- pictured -rrb- will also be phased out by mondelez international .
family-sized bars are not affected by the change because they are meant for sharing , thus do not fall under the initiative .
earlier this year , hundreds of foods and drinks companies were asked to outline moves they will make to help people make healthier choices as part of the department of health 's voluntary responsibility deal .
mondelez said at least two other food brands it owns could be altered in size , indicating that a corresponding price decrease for those items could be on the cards .
it did not say which but the company also produces popular products like philadelphia cheese spread and belvita breakfast biscuits .
in a statement the firm said : ` mondelez international knows it has a part to play in helping people lead healthier lives .
` one way do to this is to help consumers reduce their calorie intake , which is why we signed the calorie reduction pledge .
` as .
part of this pledge , we have committed that , by the end of 2015 , all .
our single serve -lrb- bars -rrb- confectionery products will be 250 calories or .
less .
' the department of health 's anti-obesity deal with food firms has been criticised because it is voluntary .
alterations : mondelez said at least two other food brands it owns could