floyd mayweather jnr 's personal chef responsible for fuelling the the fighter ahead of his $ 300million clash with manny pacquiao has revealed her boss does have some weaknesses when it comes to food .
quiana jeffries , aka chef q , was brought into mayweather 's camp after driving through the night to impress him with a trial breakfast .
a regimented diet is crucial to the champion 's training regime and mayweather demands organic produce , although there are a few exceptions .
` twizzlers are his favorite , ' jeffries reveals in an interview with new york magazine .
floyd mayweather jnr -lrb- left -rrb- insists on eating organic food before his fight , although there are exceptions .
chef q has been cooking for mayweather since his fight for manny pacquaio was announced .
fried turkey dogs are specialty southern dish of chef q 's that mayweather loves to indulge on .
this steak dished was cooked by chef q and would have cost the boxer $ 1,000 per plate .
quiana jeffries has helped the champ with his strict organic food diet , but has problems getting ingredients .
who do you think will win the fight between floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao ?
who do you think will win the fight between floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao ?
now share your opinion .
` and top ramen -lrb- dried noodle packets -rrb- .
` it 's what he had growing up .
he likes them crunchy , with a lot of noodles , and not a lot of juice , ' she adds .
however , mayweather 's most unhealthy food craving has got to be ` fried hot dogs ... with barbecue sauce ' .
jeffries explains that she tries her best to ake them as healthy as possible : ' i cut them longways , and fry them up in a little coconut oil .
i spice that up the barbeque sauce , too .
' i add a oranges , orange zest , and other spices .
he loves barbecue sauce .
everything with barbecue sauce .
but that 's life .
you like what you know .
' as well as unusual eating requests , jeffries also has to cope with mayweather 's unconventional timekeeping .
the 38-year-old does not followed a structured training regime and prefers to decide when