the mangalyaan spacecraft successfully entered orbit around mars this morning , making india the first asian nation to reach the red planet .
the mars orbiter mission cost # 45 million -lrb- $ 74 million -rrb- , or about three-quarters the amount to make the oscar-winning movie gravity about astronauts stranded in space .
it arrived in orbit around the red planet after a tense 300-day marathon travelling more than 420 million miles -lrb- 670 million km -rrb- .
scroll down for videos .
thumbs up : india 's low-cost mission to mars successfully entered the red planet 's orbit on this morning .
pictured are indian staff from the indian space research organisation celebrating the success of the mission .
just an hour after reaching the orbit , india 's space agency , isro , received the first photographic data of the red planet 's terrain , which will be unveiled later this afternoon .
indian prime minister narendra modi said the mars orbiter mission -lrb- mom -rrb- crowned a ` near impossible ' push to become the only country to complete the trip on its maiden attempt .
both russia and the us failed their first attempts to mars , while the chinese mission to mars , dubbed yinghuo-1 mission failed in 2011 and the japanese mission to mars ran out of fuel .
` history has been created today , ' said modi at the state-run indian space research organisation -lrb- isro -rrb- when it was announced the mission had been accomplished .
big spenders : a comparison of how much countries have spent on their attempts to reach mars .
both russia and the us failed their first attempts to mars , while the chinese mission to mars , dubbed yinghuo-1 mission failed in 2011 and the japanese mission to mars ran out of fuel .
race to the red planet : the mangalyaan spacecraft -lrb- artist 's impression pictured -rrb- successfully entered orbit around mars this morning , making india the first asian nation to reach the red planet .
jubilant : indian pm narendra modi is seen on a screen as he addresses scientists alongside a graphic of the mars orbiter spacecraft , after the spacecraft successfully entered into the mars orbit , at the indian space research organisation 's telemetry , tracking and command network in bangalore on wednesday .
this graphic reveals