by .
anna edwards and james salmon .
published : .
04:20 est , 12 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:42 est , 12 february 2013 .
barclays has come under fire for dishing out average bonuses of # 51,400 to its investment bankers , despite axing 3,700 jobs and a spiralling compensation bill .
the embattled lender broke the grim news to employees yesterday as it revealed its profits for last year had slumped to # 246million , from # 5.9 billion a year earlier .
the huge drop was driven in part by a # 2.5 billion bill for mis-selling payment protection insurance and complicated ` interest rate swaps ' to small businesses .
but campaigners last night asked why barclays was awarding huge bonuses after ` one of the worst years in its history ' .
the bank has been fighting to restore its reputation since being fined # 290million last summer for rigging crucial interest rates .
antony jenkins , who replaced disgraced former boss bob diamond following the debacle , yesterday promised ` no going back to the old ways ' as he revealed his plans to turn barclays into the ` go-to ' bank for customers and shareholders .
he said ` we get it ' , referring to the public anger about the behaviour of the 320-year-old bank .
speaking at london 's royal horticultural halls , surrounded by walls emblazoned with the bank 's five new core values -- respect , integrity , service , excellence and stewardship -- mr jenkins confirmed plans to shut down its controversial ` tax avoidance ' arm , structured capital markets .
this was used to cut the tax bill for the bank itself and its wealthy clients .
but mr jenkins admitted the bank would not wind down tax avoidance schemes already set up for rich customers .
critics poured scorn on its efforts to show restraint on bonuses .
the bonus pool was cut from # 2.2 billion to # 1.85 billion , and barclays has also cut bonuses for investment bankers by 15 per cent to # 1.3 billion .
despite this , staff will receive average bonuses of # 51,400 , even though they work in the part of the bank involved in the rigging of interest rates .
deborah hargreaves , chairman of the high pay centre ,