dick advocaat will not make the same mistake he did during his first season at rangers by playing down the significance of the old firm derby .
the 67-year-old takes charge of sunderland for the first time on home soil tomorrow with north-east adversaries newcastle the visitors .
it was back in 1998 that advocaat said the old firm clash was just another game .
celtic won 5-1 and the dutch boss was criticised by fans and the media for under-estimating the intensity of the rivalry .
sunderland boss dick advocaat insists he will not underestiamte the signficance of the wear-tyne derby .
advocaat and assistant manager paul bracewell oversee training ahead of sunday 's crucial derby fixture .
sunderland striker jermain defoe -lrb- centre -rrb- trains with his team-mates ahead of the game with newcastle .
rangers ' rod wallace -lrb- centre -rrb- runs forward with the ball as his side are thrashed 5-1 by celtic in 1998 .
advocaat had failed to recognise the significance of the old firm fixture and this led to a humiliating loss .
he recalled : ` to be honest , i did not realise at that moment it was so huge .
` we lost that game and i remember saying in the press conference when they were really upset , ` it is no problem for me because it is just one of 38 games and we will not lose any more ' .
' i would not say that anymore !
but we became champions that year , six points ahead of celtic , and won the treble .
' advocaat , though , does admit that his thoughts are trained on three points and not the notion of regional bragging rights .
indeed , the black cats are one point above the relegation zone and could be in the bottom three by kick-off .
` every game is a chance to get a result -- and that starts on sunday , ' said advocaat , who could start adam johnson for the first time following his arrest on suspicion of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl .
sunderland 's adam johnson was recently arrested on suspicion of sexual activity with an under-age girl .
advocaat is still considering starting the 27-year-old england international in the wear-tyne derby .
` if we win the fans might like me , yes