by .
associated press .
a majority of americans do not believe that the big bang created the universe 13.8 billion years ago , according to a new study , with americans also expressing a large amount of skepticism in global warming , the age of the earth and evolution .
rather than quizzing scientific knowledge , the survey asked people to rate their confidence in several statements about science and medicine .
on some , there 's broad acceptance .
just 4 percent doubt that smoking causes cancer , 6 percent question whether mental illness is a medical condition that affects the brain and 8 percent are skeptical there 's a genetic code inside our cells .
more -- 15 percent -- have doubts about the safety and efficacy of childhood vaccines .
few americans question that smoking causes cancer .
but they express bigger doubts as concepts that scientists consider to be truths get further from our own experiences and the present time .
about 4 in 10 say they are not too .
confident or outright disbelieve that the earth is warming , mostly a .
result of man-made heat-trapping gases , that the earth is 4.5 billion .
years old or that life on earth evolved through a process of natural .
selection , though most were at least somewhat confident in each of those .
concepts .
but a narrow majority -- 51 percent -- questions the big bang .
theory .
those results .
depress and upset some of america 's top scientists , including several .
nobel prize winners , who vouched for the science in the statements .
tested , calling them settled scientific facts .
` science ignorance is pervasive in our society , and these attitudes are reinforced when some of our leaders are openly antagonistic to established facts , ' said 2013 nobel prize in medicine winner randy schekman of the university of california , berkeley .
the poll highlights ` the iron triangle of science , religion and politics , ' said anthony leiserowitz , director of the yale project on climate change communication .
and scientists know they 've got the shakiest leg in the triangle .
to the public ` most often values and beliefs trump science ' when they conflict , said alan leshner , chief executive of the world 's largest scientific society ,