by .
jennifer newton .
angry mothers staged a mass breastfeeding protest today in a sports direct store that asked a woman who was feeding her child to leave because it was against company policy .
around 70 women descended on the shop in nottingham city centre to show support for 25-year-old wioletta komar , who claimed she was kicked out of the premises earlier this year for breastfeeding her three-month-old son .
mrs komar had been sitting on a bench inside the store waiting for her father edward morawiec , 63 , who was trying on a t-shirts .
scroll down for video .
mothers and their babies gather outside the sports direct store in nottingham as a show of solidarity .
but she claims a member of staff suddenly marched over and told her that breastfeeding mothers were not welcome because of ` company policy ' .
the sales assistant then told her that the store had no facilities for her and suggested she should go to mcdonald 's which had a baby and mother room .
other customers then took pity on the mother-of-two and helped her to push her buggy outside so she could continue feeding daniel .
mrs komar claims she has complained to the store five times since the incident in january but has had no response , although it is believed the firm has now issued her with an apology .
new mothers , from left , lindsay billsborrow , ruth knowles , catherine didit and laura armitage breastfeed their babies in sports direct .
a mother discreetly breastfeeds her baby in sports direct , as part of a protest .
wioletta komar , who inspired today 's protest with her children wicotr aged two , and five-month-old daniel .
but other mothers , who wanted to show solidarity with mrs komar , went to the sports direct store today and said they were defending their right to breastfeed in public places .
organiser of the protest leah gibson said : ' we 're here today to stand up for breastfeeding women and their right to feed their children in public without being asked to leave places .
` the turn-out has been fantastic , probably more than i expected .
it 's been really peaceful and calm , which is exactly what we wanted .
` we just wanted to show everyone