by .
daily mail reporter .
he 's evaded police since november , but anthony james lescowitch jr. was finally nabbed yesterday - after sharing a wanted picture of himself on his own facebook page .
freeland police department hunted lescowitch for two months over allegations he assaulted a man in july last year , before posting the wanted bulletin on their facebook about 9.20 pm yesterday .
when the pennsylvania man unwittingly shared the bulletin on his own page about three minutes later , undercover cops baited him .
social media trap : anthony james lescowitch jr. , wanted by police since november over an alleged assault , was finally nabbed yesterday after he shared a wanted picture of himself on his own facebook page .
` lol i f ***** love it ' : police say lescowitch mocked and taunted police when he shared the post -lrb- pictured -rrb- , with his facebook friends wishing him luck and even offering to drive him to the station .
according to timesleader.com , police believe the 35-year-old father mocked police with the post , under which he commented , ` lol i f ***** love it , a ** hole ' .
a handful of his facebook ` friends ' also commented , wishing him luck and jokingly offering him a ride .
the post got one like .
police , not believing their luck , used facebook to lure lescowitch to them .
posing as an attractive woman , one of the investigating officers , t.j. rentschler , began chatting online with lescowitch about his wanted picture .
over about 30 minutes , the ` woman ' was able to gather key information about lescowitch which led to his arrest .
the undercover cop invited lescowitch to meet for a drink .
when the fugitive declined , the cop said : ` the least you can do is come out and have a cigarette with me .
' lescowitch agreed and when he pulled up in a car at the specified location , cops arrested him .
wanted : freeland police department posted this wanted bulletin for anthony james lescowitch jr. on their facebook page about 9.20 pm last night .
on the run : lescowitch , a father , was wanted by police since november over an alleged assault in july last year .
standardspeaker.com reported lescowitch was