matthew jordan , whose body was found in windermere in cumbria after he went missing .
the inquest into the death of a student whose body was found in a lake has been halted after it emerged his iphone was still working despite it apparently being in the water with him for three weeks .
matthew jordan , 20 , a criminology student from middlesbrough became separated from three friends during a night out in april , sparking a massive search of lake windermere in cumbria , where his body was found .
it has also emerged that a mysterious man captured on cctv walking through the graveyard of a nearby church and then doing a quick u-turn around the time the student went missing has not come forward , despite police appeals .
the inquest at kendal county hall in cumbria was stopped after the barrister for matthew 's family , kieran rainey , complained of too many ` gaps ' in his final hours and said there were ` unanswered questions ' .
mr rainey told a witness giving evidence for cumbria police : ' you 've got a blank spot on this and you 're giving evidence today which is completely divergent to what the family understands .
' coroner ian smith said he did not want the family to go away ` unhappy ' , but warned all the answers may never be known .
matthew 's mum claire , 43 , told the inquest her son was good at directions and can not understand how he ended up on rayrigg road , close to windermere , as it was in the opposite direction to the cottage where he was staying .
she said : ` there 's still a gap and we are still adamant people have seen him on rayrigg road that night and that matthew would have asked them for help .
an unexplained bruise on mr jordan 's head was also found during a post mortem but a small cut to his eye was ` missed ' .
several ` figures ' in ` groups ' on the streets that night have not been traced , a detective revealed .
mr jordan a teesside university student , had travelled from middlesbrough with three friends on a spontaneous trip to the lakes .
the group ate and drank at pubs including the stag