by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
12:30 est , 27 july 2012 .
| .
updated : .
14:58 est , 27 july 2012 .
katherine jackson and her nephew tj jackson will move to share guardianship of michael jackson 's three children , prince , paris and blanket , her lawyer said today .
the pair met last night in the company of lawyers to hash out an agreement over the care of the siblings , aged 10 to 15 .
a judge granted tito .
jackson 's son tj temporary guardianship on wednesday , citing .
concerns that katherine was being prevented from fulfilling her role as guardian ` by a third party ' following her days-long absence from the california home she shares with the children .
scroll down for video .
she 's back : katherine jackson is seeking joint guardianship of her late son 's three children .
the 82-year-old had been at a tucson , arizona spa since .
july 15 with her daughter rebbie and other relatives and had not spoken .
to her grandchildren during that time .
tj jackson and numerous others said that was unusual and when she did call , several days into her trip , she sounded ` strange .
' while appointing tj temporary guardian of the children , superior court judge mitchell beckloff said there were no indications .
mrs jackson had done anything wrong , and he would likely re-instate her .
as guardian upon her return .
however , katherine 's lawyer , perry sanders , released a statement today indicating tj and mrs jackson had reached an agreement to share guardianship of the children that could be presented to a judge next week .
sharing responsibilities : tj jackson , pictured on january 27 , was appointed temporary guardian of michael jackson 's three minor children during katherine jackson 's absence .
before the judge : a court sketch shows tj going before a judge this week to request temporary guardianship .
a statement from mr sanders reads : ` later this morning , tj jackson 's attorney , charles shultz , will be filing a petition for tj to be appointed permanent guardian of michael jackson 's three children .
` the court ordered that this petition be filed pursuant to the temporary guardianship he granted tj on wednesday