by .
ryan gorman .
a kentucky man killed his brother sunday and then tried to hide the evidence by dragging the corpse down a rural road for nearly two miles before leaving it on the shoulder , police said .
vernon saunders , 56 , of versailles , is accused of murdering timothy saunders , 51 , whose body was found by motorist who initially thought it was a deer that had been hit by a car .
the older brother admitted to investigators he shot an ` intruder ' three times before tying him to a pickup truck and dragging him down the road , court documents cited by wlex revealed .
scroll down for video .
accused killer : vernon saunders -lrb- left in his mug shot and right from facebook -rrb- is charged with the murder of his brother followed by the dragging of his corpse down a street .
vernon saunders then ` came home and cleaned a mess , ' an indication he ` attempted to wash away the crime scene , ' said the affidavit .
no motive has yet been established , but .
the younger brother had recently relocated from florida to stay with his .
accused killer , sources told wlex .
` when he went by , he said there was a bunch of deer in the area .
first he thought it was a deer that had been hit , ' versailles police lt. daniel clark told the station .
` then he turned and came back again and saw that it was a person lying there .
' evidence at the scene plus a trail of blood down the road led investigators to vernon saunders ' home about two miles away , sources told wkyt .
police immediately uncovered signs a homicide had taken place and knew a person was inside the home , according to the station .
` we made a determination based on evidence found outside the residence that the residence could very well be connected to the body that was found .
we had reason to believe that there was someone inside , ' clark added .
where it happened : police believe vernon saunders killed his brother at the small red home on the right .
dragged to here : the older brother then dragged the corpse almost two miles down the