heavy fighting has broken out between syrian troops and al qaeda linked rebels close to a stretch of the levant occupied by israel .
government soldiers battled against insurgents from the nusra front group near the disputed golan heights territory after militants took control of the un-operated quneitra border crossing last week .
several shells struck close to the .
ceasefire line as rocket , mortar and tank fire was exchanged - with israeli public radio reporting that one stray round hit occupied territory but caused no casualties .
golan heights is a 460 square mile region largely seized from syria by israel during the 1967 six-day war of 1967 , then annexed in 1981 in a move never recognised by the international community .
scroll down for video .
fighting : syrian government soldiers battle against insurgents from the nusra front near golan heights this morning .
several shells struck close to the ceasefire line as rocket , mortar and tank fire was exchanged .
no way through : israeli soldiers block a main road near the quneitra border crossing in the occupied golan heights following heavy fighting between syrian troops and the nusra front .
heavily armed : an israeli soldier sits in alert position in his merkava tank in the golan heights this morning .
this morning syrian troops battled rebels hard by the armistice line with israel on the golan heights , as the united nations pressed efforts to free 44 peacekeepers held by the insurgents .
the nusra rebels - operating as al qaeda 's militia in syria - stormed the syrian side of the quneitra border crossing on wednesday and seized 44 fijian peacekeepers who were working as part of a un mission that has monitored the ceasefire on the strategic plateau since 1974 .
at least one tank belonging to the syrian army .
loyal to president bashar al-assad was also involved and rebels could be .
seen a few metres away from the frontier fence .
the united nations yesterday said that the fijians ` continue to be detained by armed elements ' .
` at .
this time , no additional information on their status or location has .
been established .
the united nations continues to actively seek their .
immediate and unconditional release , ' it said .
conflict : syrian troops battled rebels by the armistice line with