after a month of excess comes the time for abstinence .
but quitting the drink does n't mean just sticking to boring water or bottled juices .
from mocktails with spiced syrups to softails with exotic juices , there is a plethora of non-alcoholic options for those planning to abstain this month .
mixologists have started experimenting with syrups and spices to add depth of flavour to mocktails .
non alcoholic : english country garden mocktail -lrb- left -rrb- and kopparberg 's alohol-free pear cider -lrb- right -rrb- .
cocktail bars , keen to tap in to a growing customer base of non-drinkers , now offer non-alcoholic versions of classic cocktails .
canny mixologists have started experimenting with syrups , juices and even spices to add much-needed depth of flavour to mocktails and softails .
cinnamon , cloves and even japanese spice powder feature in these clever concoctions , transforming regular flavours into extraordinary sensations .
and while non-alcoholic beers are n't new -lrb- becks , erdinger , bavaria and kirin all have alcohol-free versions of their beer -rrb- , ciders are now coming in booze-free versions , too .
kopparberg is the latest brand to jump on the wagon and have produced alcohol-free strawberry and lime , pear , and mixed fruit ciders .
the uk is also home to a number of non-alcoholic bars , from london 's redemption in red lion street to nottingham 's sobar in friar lane and liverpool 's the brink , making it easier than ever to have a successful dry january .
bean .
drink it here : be at one bath , the vaults , 11 brunel square , bath , ba 1 1sx .
make it at home .
ingredients : 60ml espresso ; 20ml orgeat syrup ; 15ml sugar syrup ; 30ml half and half .
method : add all ingredients to a cocktail shaker , shake vigorously and double-strain into a chilled cocktail glass .
shirley temple with a pomegranate twist .
shirley temple .
drink it here : mark 's bar at hix , soho 66-70 brewer street , w1f 9up .
make it at home .
ingredients : 40ml dry ginger ale ; 40ml pomegranate juice ; 1.5 teaspoon sugar ; one wedge lemon .
method : extract the juice from a pomegranate by removing the seeds from a whole pomegranate and placing in a sieve