spike lee went on a long-winded rant against gentrification in new york city on tuesday night when he was asked to argue against the development of poorer neighborhoods in brooklyn and harlem .
the director , who has focused on racial issues and gentrification in his films , blasted an audience member at the pratt institute who started defending the changes in the neighborhoods .
` let me just kill you right now , ' lee said to the unidentified questioner .
` have you seen fort greene park in the morning ?
it 's like the mother ***** ' westminster dog show , ' he said drawing a comparison to the high-brow competition that would seem out of place in the harder-edged streets of brooklyn where he grew up .
his soapbox : spike lee argued that new york city is being gentrified at an alarming rate and it is no longer the same city that he grew up in .
lee pointed the finger at white new yorkers who have moved into historically black neighborhoods and changed the environment , arguing that those changes have caused the areas to evolve into something completely different .
` here 's the thing : i grew up here in fort greene .
i grew up here in new york .
it 's changed .
and why does it take an influx of white new yorkers in the south bronx , in harlem , in bed stuy , in crown heights for the facilities to get better ?
' he said .
` the garbage was n't picked up every mother ***** ' day when i was living in 165 washington park .
p.s. 20 was not good .
p.s. 11 .
rothschild 294 .
the police were n't around .
` when you see white mothers pushing their babies in strollers , three o'clock in the morning on 125th street , that must tell you something .
' protecting a legacy : lee complained that residents in brooklyn and harlem are now stopping events in public parks for fear of excessive noise of garbage .
` crystal ball ' : lee said that a scene in his 1989 hit do the right thing foreshadowed gentrification problems to come in harlem .
the entire 10-minute exchange was transcribed by new york magazine , and it was clear that he knew it would