by .
freya noble for daily mail australia .
in an interview just before his death , late nrl footballer ryan tandy revealed that when players were forced to give urine samples to test for drugs during his time in the game they would often get team mates who were clean to take the tests for them .
in an excerpt from a book about one of the game 's most controversial figures , published in the daily telegraph , tandy made allegations about the process of in-house testing .
before his sudden death in april this year , the former nrl player told of the culture of drug taking in the game and the relaxed way drug tests were undertaken before their overhaul this year .
late nrl player ryan tandy made explosive claims about drug testing in the game shortly before his death .
` for in-house tests , we were just given the cup at the start of training and expected to hand it back at the end of the day , ' tandy said .
this meant anyone could provide the sample .
in the book the details of his personal struggle with drug use but also the notorious match-fixing scandal he was involved in will be revealed .
he said asking a fellow player to takes the test on your behalf was a common occurrence within the teams and he admitted to getting mates to do it for him many times .
the former player also revealed that at one club the players stole testing kits to check if there was anything in their systems before they were asked to take a test by the club .
tandy was a self-confessed drug user , and spoke about his recreational substance use , but the book - the penalty - will also tell of the infamous match-fixing of the bulldogs-cowboys game back in 2010 which led to him being banned for life from the nrl .
following the 32-year-old 's death from a suspected prescription drug overdose there was uncertainty over whether the book would go ahead , and in what is believed to be the late player 's last interview he reflected on how the book affected him emotionally .
in the epilogue tandy revealed he was appalled when the tell-all was finished and he looked back at all the things he had done wrong