by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
10:51 est , 27 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
14:55 est , 27 february 2014 .
with dishes piled in the sink and counter-tops stacked with rubbish , it 's going to take more than the smell of freshly baked bread and a neutral colour scheme to shift this property .
from the outside the three-bedroom semi-detached property in short heath road , erdington , birmingham , appears respectable .
but pictures of the interior of the house show unmade beds , a rubbish-strewn living room , piles of washing up in the sink and a filthy bathroom .
the spacious kitchen comes complete with dirty dishes and a rubbish-strewn floor .
the generous lounge features camping chairs and stepladder among the debris , which the owners did n't appear to think would bother buyers .
the agent describes the third bedroom as being ` bigger than your normal sized third bedroom ' a traditional period style property set back off the road in need of modernisation .
to .
the ground floor is a generous through lounge that could be split back .
into two receptions if required and access to the kitchen with a utility .
room towards the rear .
to .
the first floor is a family bathroom and three bedrooms two of them are .
doubles and the third is bigger than your normal sized third bedroom .
there is also a front and rear garden , the property is available with no chain .
the property is on the market for # 114,950 and has been listed on zoopla.co.uk by burchell edwards estate agents who are marketing it as ` ideal for any private or investment purchaser ' .
the agent describes the property as a ` period style ' house featuring ` minton tiled flooring ' in the vestibule and a ` generous lounge .
' the property has a ` family bathroom ' and a .
third bedroom which is ` bigger than your normal sized third bedroom ' as .
well as being just half-a-mile from erdington train station and local .
shops , the website says .
the kitchen diner is said to feature ' a .
range of wall and base units incorporating a one-and-a-half bowl .
stainless steel sink with drainer , integrated appliances to include