you might have seen incredible images of coral before , but you 've never seen anything like this .
phd student daniel stoupin from the university of queensland , australia has spent months photographing and filming supposedly ` slow ' marine animals like coral and sponges , and the results will blow you away .
using time-lapse photography , he shows how these seemingly stationary underwater marvels come to life under high magnification , highlighting remarkable details and behaviours that scientists around the world still do n't fully understand .
scroll down for the full video .
stoupin took 150,000 shots with high-end cameras and lenses to create beautiful time-lapses of marine life .
by .
stitching the images together , stoupin was able to show how corals and .
sponges we think as stationary come to life over time in weird and .
wonderful ways .
although they play a crucial role in earth 's biosphere , we know very little about this rather sedate marine life .
it took over nine months for stoupin to film the corals and sponges in marine aquarium tanks .
while he did n't disclose the full price of the endeavour , stoupin did say that it cost ` way more ' than a few thousand dollars .
' i love marine life , especially invertebrates and i always .
look for something new to observe , film , or photograph , ' stoupin tells mailonline .
` when i .
got my first chance to focus my macro lens on a coral i realised that i want to .
know more about these magnificent creatures , their colours and their life .
` once i started photographing corals more often , pursuing time lapses was .
inevitable .
' despite filming the marine life in .
enclosed tanks and having friends in the industry , stoupin says he does .
not endorse the activities of commercial coral collectors and hopes the .
video allows people to appreciate the value of such life in the great .
barrier reef in australia and elsewhere .
` my techniques are too complex to be performed under water , ' says stoupin , ` especially focus .
stacking where any vibrations or swell would ruin the super-macro shot .
` focus .
stacking is the technique that gave the most spectacular results and allowed me .