jeremy paxman said he believes former prime minister sir winston churchill -lrb- above -rrb- , who died in 1965 , would be ` suffocated ' by modern-day politics .
steering the country through a savage war , sir winston churchill is proudly remembered as one of britain 's greatest ever leaders .
but the former prime minister would no longer be seen as electable , according to jeremy paxman , who said he would be ` suffocated ' by today 's politics .
ahead of the 50th anniversary of churchill 's death on saturday , the veteran broadcaster also said the politician could be a ` ruthless egotist , a chancer , and a charlatan .
' and speaking to the radio times , presenter jonathan dimbleby added churchill was a ` democratic dictator ' who would not be suited to modern day westminster .
the former prime minister died on january 24 , 1965 , just days after suffering a severe stroke and , to mark his passing , the bbc1 is broadcasting churchill : a nation 's farewell , next wednesday .
in the programme , paxman , 64 , tells the story of the politician 's state funeral , the first granted to a commoner since the duke of wellington in 1852 .
but speaking to the magazine ahead of the programme 's broadcast , the former newsnight presenter , said : ` any rounded assessment of winston churchill 's life has to acknowledge that he was a ruthless egotist , a chancer , and a charlatan at times .
` would he be electable now ?
i fear not .
he was a man of his time , a parliamentary one-off who 'd be suffocated by the spinning and posturing that pass for politics today .
' jonathan dimbleby , 70 , whose father jonathan provided the commentary for the millions watching churchill 's funeral on television , agreed with this assessment and added that those would wish to see a churchill-style figure save modern britain are living in a fantasy .
he said : ` i 'm not sure whether a churchill would be appropriate for the complexities of peace-time politics .
` the greatness of churchill was that he was , effectively , a democratic dictator .
` he ruled britain .
that was an extraordinary power in the hands of one man .