by .
william g. stewart .
the return to tv after an absence of ten years of fifteen to one -- the most intelligent and challenging quiz show of its time , with a daily audience of four million viewers -- takes my mind back to its beginnings .
in 1986 , i had received the letter that was to change my life , although i was so busy at the time -- producing the price is right and making a new sitcom starring warren mitchell from till death us do part -- that i very nearly did n't get round to opening it .
it came from a chap called john m. lewis , a former sales manager with bt who said he had an idea for a new television quiz show .
he called it twenty to one .
legendary : william g stewart who presented and produced fifteen to one for 15 years .
it was a good idea , and knowing that it had already been rejected by nine other producers and sensing that john would probably be very keen to make any sort of positive progress , i made him an offer .
i 'd pay him # 200 if he gave me a 12-month option to develop the idea .
well , that # 200 was the best money i 've ever spent in my life .
for it led , of course , to fifteen to one , the hugely popular channel 4 quiz show that i presented and produced for 15 years .
in all , we made 2,265 programmes , with almost 34,000 contestants endeavouring to answer an astonishing 350,000 questions .
once , the show topped channel 4 's viewing figures every day for a week .
originally running between january 4 , 1988 and december 19 , 2003 , each show began with 15 contestants and whittled them down to three finalists .
to avoid elimination they had to not only answer questions correctly , but also decide which of their opponents to nominate to put under the question spotlight .
the 15 highest-scoring winners from the series were then entered into a grand final to find the overall champion .
arguably , the combination of tactical skills and general knowledge made the show unique and influenced successors such as the weakest link .
i 'm pleased -- and