by .
helen pow .
and daily mail reporter .
published : .
02:00 est , 21 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
02:00 est , 21 february 2014 .
the young husband of a self-confessed satanic serial killer has said in a jailhouse interview that he 's still enamored by his teenage bride despite her claim to have murdered more than 22 people .
elytte barbour told cnn from columbia county prison in pennsylvania that the news has n't changed the way he feels about miranda barbour , 19 .
' i still love her , ' barbour said over a secure telephone line from the jail where he 's awaiting trial for allegedly luring a man through craigslist , strangling and stabbing him 20 times with his love , three weeks after they were married .
still in love : elyette barbour , pictured , told cnn from columbia county prison in pennsylvania wednesday that the news has n't changed the way he feels about miranda barbour , 19 .
speaking to cnn wednesday , 22-year-old barbour acknowledged , ` everyone wants to know about her credibility but would n't comment on whether her confessions were valid .
however , he said she was upfront with him in ` about 50/50 ' of the alleged slayings , with respect to specific names of victims and the locations of the murders .
he insisted he 'd been cooperating with police so far , adding ` it seems like i have my life or death on the line right now .
' the interview comes after his father-in-law sonny dean said he would support his daughter 's execution if she is found guilty and even hold the hand of the victim 's widow as she 'd killed .
dean said he believes his teenage daughter may have been involved in one other murder besides the .
november 11 fatal stabbing of troy laferrara , 42 , in sunbury .
but he denied that she has killed 22 people - as she claims - and branded her a ` manipulator .
' police said laferrara met barbour through her craigslist ad , which offered companionship in exchange for money .
barbour , like the fictitious serial killer dexter , said she only killed ` bad people .
' ` killer ' : miranda barbour -lrb- with a police officer