click here for updates on phil hughes ' condition after his injury .
reaction from across the cricket world to the incident .
the cricket world is in shock after the news that phil hughes is in a critical condition after being hit on the head by a bouncer playing for south australia against new south wales in the sheffield shield .
not only shock because of the extent of the australian 's injuries but because this is an incident of unprecedented seriousness , certainly since helmets were introduced more than 30 years ago to significantly reduce the risk of being hurt while batting in cricket .
while what happened in the historic surroundings of the sydney cricket ground can legitimately be called a freak incident perhaps the biggest surprise is that this sort of thing is , thankfully , so rare in the great game .
warning some pictures and video in this story may be distressing .
phil hughes reacts after being hit on the head by a delivery from pace bowler sean abbott .
hughes turns away from abbott 's bouncer and the ball hits him on the side of the head .
a cricket ball is a seriously hard , dangerous weapon when propelled at close to a 100 miles per hour by the best bowlers in the world and perhaps the most sobering thought after a truly horrible affair is that injury on this scale does n't happen more regularly .
batsmen have been hit on the head and been badly hurt over the years - of course they have , and incidents involving australian rick mccosker , new zealand 's ewan chatfield , mike gatting , ricky ponting and england 's stuart broad only last summer come to mind - but no-one that i can recall has been as badly hurt as the stricken hughes .
there is no point blaming the safety equipment because cricket , as with so much sport , comes with an inherent risk and the great strides that have been made ever since mike brearley first appeared in the seventies with a sort of skull cap and dennis amiss wore a motorcycle helmet have been huge .
stuart broad is hit by a ball that got through his grille against india last summer .
the england man tries to stop the bleeding from his nose -lrb- left -rrb- and