by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
13:47 est , 25 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:47 est , 25 october 2013 .
cuban dictator fidel castro was questioned by the warren commission after president john f. kennedy was assassinated , a new book has revealed .
the previously-undisclosed meeting between a u.s. investigator and the cuban president after the november 1963 killing has been shared in ' a cruel and shocking act : the secret .
history of the kennedy assassination ' by philip shenon , a former .
investigative reporter for the new york times .
it reveals that the commission investigating the death in dallas , texas sent an investigator to waters off cuba and took castro out in a u.s. navy boat and then onto a yacht .
before the meeting , castro had expressed interest in speaking with the commission , bob schieffer explained on cbs ' face of the nation as he discussed the book .
questions : following the assassination of president john f. kennedy , u.s. investigators questioned fidel castro -lrb- right , pictured in 2004 -rrb- over what he knew about the death but he said he had nothing to do with it .
` the investigator gets off the boat , .
talks to castro , they talk for three hours , ' he explained .
` castro says - as you would .
expect - `` no way , no how did i have anything to do with it '' .
' schieffer , who called the book ` magnificent ' , noted that the investigator sent to speak with castro was william coleman , who later became secretary of .
transportation in gerald ford 's administration .
he was sent because he had actually met the dictator while he was on his honeymoon in harlem and they had shared a love of jazz music .
although they were n't friends , they did know each other , and it was for this reason that coleman was sent , cbs reported .
in the book , which is out october 29 , shenon does n't dispute the warren commission 's conclusion that lee harvey oswald worked alone when he murdered kennedy on november 22 , 1963 .
probe : u.s. investigator william coleman -lrb- left in 1976 when he became the us secretary of