by .
daily mail reporter .
a incredibly well-preserved example of a fossilised marine creature is set to fetch # 100,000 at auction .
the 6ft long ichthyosaur was discovered by a fossil hunter at low tide after rough seas tore away a section of cliff .
the unnamed fossil enthusiast worked tirelessly for three days to collect the 200 million-year-old remains before expected storms would have ultimately destroyed it .
the 6ft long ichthyosaur -lrb- pictured -rrb- was uncovered in the late 1990s and is now up for auction .
the beasts would have looked similar to dolphins but were reptilian .
he removed sections of rock from the cliffs known as black ven , near lyme regis , dorset , and took them to local preparator chris moore .
mr moore then spent hundreds of hours chipping away at the rock to expose the fossilised bones of the ichthyosaur .
the result is one of the most impressive examples ever found , with the ichthyosaur in the same leaping position as when it died .
remarkably , one of its paddles on its side is preserved in 3d protruding from its body at an angle of 45 degrees .
ichthyosaurs - literally meaning ` fish-lizards ' - were giant marine reptiles that resembled dolphins and thrived during much of the mesozoic era .
these huge animals rapidly diversified from being lizards with fins to developing a much more streamlined , fish-like form built for speed .
one species has been calculated to have a cruising speed of 22mph -lrb- 36 km/h -rrb- .
they first appeared approximately 245 million years ago and at least one species survived until about 90 million years ago .
the reptiles were particularly abundant in the jurassic period , until they were replaced as the top aquatic predators by another reptilian order , the plesiosaurs , in the cretaceous period .
the specimen , that was uncovered in the late 1990s , is now being offered for sale at summers place auctions in billingshurst , west sussex .
it has a pre-sale estimate of 80,000 pounds but is likely to go for more .
errol fuller , a natural history expert and curator for the auction , said : ` when you find fossils like this one them they are n't in the state that you now see .
' a lot of