by .
mark duell .
updated : .
16:27 est , 18 november 2011 .
they could all be quite ordinary people from respectable backgrounds - the devoted mother of four , a long-serving police officer and a young man with a conscience for social change .
but yesterday these three occupy wall street protesters found themselves carted off by police and today had their faces plastered all over television channels and the front pages of newspapers .
now the question on everyone 's lips is whether the demonstrators have outstayed their welcome in new york as businessmen and politicians today call for them to pack up and go home .
the ex-cop : retired philadelphia police captain ray lewis had been pushing for new york police officers to join in with the protests , but eventually found himself handcuffed and arrested yesterday .
the mother of four : dramatic photos showed stacey hessler , 38 , being hauled away by three police officers for blocking a road near the stock exchange during protests yesterday - her dreadlocks flying everywhere .
the young man : brandon watts , 20 , of .
philadelphia , pennsylvania , was the first person to set up a tent inside .
zuccotti park , claimed to have lost his virginity there and has .
now been arrested five times at the protests .
brandon watts , 20 , of philadelphia , was the first person to set up a tent inside zuccotti park , claimed to have lost his virginity there and had already been arrested four times before yesterday .
then he saw his bloody face on the new york daily news front-page after allegedly taking the hat off a deputy inspector 's head , being chased into the camp and hitting his head on the concrete .
but he pleaded not guilty to charges relating to the alleged cap theft on friday , with his lawyer claiming he was assaulted by police and has four staples in his scalp because of his injuries .
watts has been arrested five times since the protest began two months ago and has been living on his own since his early teens , his lawyer said , adding that he suffers from emotional problems .
former philadelphia police captain ray lewis , who retired in 2004 , had been pushing for new york cops to join