by .
lucy crossley .
sick : this picture shows the selfie taken by heroin addict kirsty edmondson - as former history teacher kenneth chapman lay murdered beneath her .
this picture shows the shocking selfie taken by a heroin addict - as a former history teacher lay dead beneath her after he was murdered by her boyfriend .
kirsty edmondson , 23 , and 35-year old christopher sawyers used mobiles phones to take ` trophy photos ' and had sex with each other in kenneth chapman 's bed whilst they lived with his corpse for up to a week .
in this image , released with the consent of mr chapman 's family , the victim 's body was in the room as edmondson took the photograph , although he can not be seen .
other pictures have not been released for reasons of public decency .
during their trial , manchester crown court was told that sawyers had injected mr chapman with a fatal dose of heroin to ` off him ' , and take his money to buy more drugs .
the court heard how the pair behaved like ` vultures around a corpse ' stealing the victim 's tv and computer and raiding his bank account in a string of online frauds .
they even texted the victim 's sister pretending to be 47-year old scotsman chapman asking if she could lend him # 75 .
police were called in after concerns about the victim 's welfare and found him dead at his flat in eccles , greater manchester .
tests showed he had been injected with a lethal dose of heroin .
it emerged sawyers had realised there was ` money to be made out of murder ' after he got away with killing a former accountant with the same drug - 17 months before chapman 's death .
after the latest killing he had shown one of the selfie photos to his friends saying : ` look at this .
i will show you a photo of a corpse .
' in another bragging outburst he declared : ` i 'm a serial killer now .
' career criminal sawyers was convicted of murder and manslaughter and jailed for life with a minimum recommendation he serve 33 years .
guilty : christopher sawyers -lrb- left -rrb- was found guilty of the murder of mr