by .
paul bentley .
updated : .
11:58 est , 2 september 2011 .
a huge earthquake hit just south west of alaska this morning , threatening a devastating tsunami .
people living in coastal areas were told to leave their homes immediately and flee inland to higher ground after the 6.8 magnitude quake struck close to the aleutian islands , 1,031 miles away from anchorage .
widespread damage was at one point feared across the west coast - from british columbia , canada , to washington - as towns braced themselves for oncoming waves .
frightening : the earthquake hit just over 1,000 miles south west of anchorage , alaska .
the national oceanic and atmospheric administration issued the tsunami warning this morning , stating that residents should flee their homes immediately .
` those feeling the earth shake , seeing unusual wave action , or the water level rising or receding may have only a few minutes before the tsunami arrival and should move immediately .
` homes and small buildings are not designed to withstand tsunami impacts .
do not stay in these structures , ' the warning read .
struck : the aleutian islands , south west of alaska , where the quake hit .
` earthquakes of this magnitude are known to generate tsunamis , ' the message added .
the quake , which struck at 6:55 a.m. edt , was 22.1 miles deep , the u.s. geological survey reported .
the tsunami warning has since been cancelled but people in pacific coastal regions outside california , oregon , washington , british .
columbia , and alaska have been told to check updates for fear of damage .
damage : the national cathedral in washington dc had to be shut indefinitely to the public after last week 's earthquake .
last week , terrifying tremors were felt in new york , washington d.c. and as far north as toronto when america 's east coast was struck by the biggest earthquake in over a century .
major buildings , including the pentagon and the white house had to be evacuated and several top tourist attractions in washington have been closed for safety reasons after the city was shaken by a 5.8-magnitude quake , which originated in virginia .
flights from jfk in new york and reagan national airport in washington were also temporarily suspended while