created : .
18:10 est , 30 december 2013 .
bulgarians and romanians were last night preparing to travel to britain as restrictions on working here are lifted tomorrow .
almost all flights from romania to england are full -- even though one airline is said to have increased the number to meet demand -- with one-way tickets selling for up to # 3,000 each .
and all tickets for seats on buses leaving the bulgarian capital of sofia until january 9 have been snapped up .
scroll down for video .
almost all flights from romania to england are full - even though one airline was said to have doubled the number to meet demand - with one-way tickets selling for up to # 3,000 each .
he central bus station in sofia , bulgaria where passengers will start travelling to britain and european destinations .
all tickets for seats on buses leaving the bulgarian capital of sofia until january 9 have been snapped up .
brochure : a poster promoting discounted tickets to the uk displayed at the central bus station in sofia , bulgaria .
wizz air , the low cost airline that serves eastern europe , is said to have doubled the number of flights it is offering .
wizz air denied that it had doubled the flights , saying that they had simply increased the number .
however , because of the demand , even these no-frills flights are being sold at around # 300 each .
at the central bus station in sofia , a large poster showing big ben , a london bus and traditional red phone box advertise the bus routes to a new life here .
the poster reads : ` regular routes to london , germany , spain , france , luxembourg and greece ' and offers a 5 per cent discount for booking online with agent , balkan horn .
all seats on two british airways flights from sofia to london heathrow next sunday and monday -- each carrying more than 152 passengers -- have been sold .
when controls imposed in 2005 are lifted tomorrow , 29million from the two countries will gain the right to work in britain .
while some of those coming here have expressed a desire to find ` any job they can ' , messages on internet forums show others making inquiries about