protesters have demolished the front window of upmarket estate agents foxtons during a protest against the gentrification of south london .
the store front of its brixton branch was covered in shattered glass while ` no evictions ' and ` yuppies ' was spray painted in black across their housing advertisements .
a police spokesman confirmed that one man has been arrested on suspicion of criminal damage .
thousands of people turned up for the event organised by the reclaim brixton group who were demonstrating against local residents and businesses being priced out of the trendy area .
one of the event 's organisers denounced the violent actions of ` one idiot ' but told mailonline there could be a reason foxtons - which has a reputation for selling expensive homes - has been ` continuously targeted ' .
scroll down for video .
vandal : one vandal smashed the front window of foxtons brixton branch -lrb- pictured -rrb- during a ` wholly peaceful ' protest against rising house prices in london .
violent : the lone protester demolished the front window of upmarket estate agents foxtons , who have a reputation for selling expensive houses .
defaced : the vandal then spray painted ` no evictions ' and ` yuppies ' on the estate agent 's housing advertisements .
reputation : a spokesperson for reclaim brixton - who organised the event - denounced the man 's violent actions but suggested there could be a reason foxtons is ` continuously targeted ' motive : cyndi anaso said she is not happy about the vandalism but told mailonline ` it suggests there 's a reason they are being targeted ' response : police at the scene in brixton -lrb- pictured -rrb- had to us cs spray to disperse a group of violent protesters .
cyndi anaso from reclaim brixton told mailonline said she was ` saddened ' that someone behaved ` deviantly ' during a wholly peaceful demonstration .
but she claims the upmarket estate agents have been targeted before , adding : ` foxtons has a very poor reputation when it comes to expensive properties and unfortunately .
' ` there 's a message in it which i 'm not happy about but it still suggests there 's a reason they are being targeted .
` there 's never an endorsement of the attack but nothing else on the day