by .
ryan gorman .
and james nye .
forced out : former fbi newark field office director david velazquez resigned friday from his job as head of wtc security .
the head of security for the world trade center site has been forced to resign after a series of highly-publicized security breaches .
david velazquez , who previously was director of the newark fbi field office , resigned friday after base jumpers leaped off the roof of one world trade center late last year and a new jersey teen eluded a sleeping security guard last week to reach the roof .
velasquez formally resigned from his role as assistant director for security for the durst organization , which oversees the site , the new york post first reported friday evening .
` he submitted his resignation and it was accepted , ' a company spokesperson told the paper when reached for comment .
the outgoing exec spent 31 years at the fbi before taking the wtc gig in august 2013 , according to the post .
the base jumpers launched themselves off the 1,776-foot tall building only weeks later , but that was only the beginning of the an embarrassing series of blunders by wtc security staff that would do velazquez in .
security at the nation 's tallest .
building has been called into question after that breach and that of new jersey teen justin casquejo , who sneaked to the roof earlier this month after sliding through a hole in the fence and riding an elevator operated by a construction worker .
he then slid past at least one security guard he told police was sleeping on the job to access the roof .
' 2013 security officer of the year ' : one world trade center guard abdul basher ` exercises ' his eyes while on duty at the nation 's tallest skyscraper and site of the 9/11 terror atrocity .
an alarming photograph taken earlier this week in the lobby of one world trade center shows a half-blind security guard sleeping on the job - but the security guard swears he was in fact ` exercising ' his bad eyes .
instead of acting as the first line of defense for the world 's number one terror target , abdul basher , 65 , is laid out almost horizontal in a chair .
tallest and