tour operator thomas cook has been ordered to pay more than # 2,000 to a couple who says their dream getaway was ruined by ` loutish yobs ' and filthy conditions at their resort .
john and tracey erskine , who have been married for 20 years , were expecting a relaxing trip on the mediterranean coast in turkey when they splurged on the holiday in september 2012 .
but they say thomas cook did n't deliver on its promise of an ` outstanding holiday experience ' and their stay turned into a nightmare .
scroll down for video .
john and tracey erskine took legal action against thomas cook after staying at the voyage torba in turkey .
filthy : john and tracey erskine complained about dirty conditions , including mouldy walls , at their resort .
the erskines were awarded # 2,120 in compensation plus court costs at warrington county court after a drawn-out fight with the travel company , but they insist the legal fight was not about the money .
the grandparents , who represented themselves during the hearing , complained that they were verbally abused by ` loutish yobs ' in an apartment just 15ft away and one man from the group performed a sex act on himself on the balcony .
they were unhappy with their all-inclusive resort , the voyage torba in turkey , because its toilets were leaking and the walls were mouldy and dirty .
they booked the getaway after picking up a copy of the thomas cook style collection brochure , which claimed to showcase its ` top four-star and above hotels ' .
legal fight : the erskines were awarded # 2,120 in compensation plus court costs .
it was revealed in court that a thomas cook rep arranged for the couple to be moved rooms twice after they complained .
but the erskines felt there was still a ` lack of care ' by the travel company and not enough was done to protect them from the ` vile ' group of men .
when they returned to their home near winwick , warrington , cheshire , they wrote to thomas cook but their complaints were ignored .
they started legal proceedings for # 3,278 to cover the cost of the holiday and compensation .
rude : the couple says they were verbally abused by ` loutish yobs