gregory john o'brien , 21 , has been arrested for pointing his gun at students and firing it in the air during a dispute between rival fraternities .
a 21-year-old college student who allegedly fired his gun in the air during a dispute between two fraternity houses has been arrested .
gregory john o'brien was on the balcony of the tau kappa epsilon fraternity , where he is a member , at the university of georgia when he pointed his .45 - caliber semiautomatic pistol at members of the neighboring pi kappa alpha , according to police .
o'brien then ` raised the gun ' and fired one shot into the air before pointing it once more at the pi kappa alpha members , cops say .
the two fraternities , located on the college 's on-campus greek park circle , had been involved in an altercation a half-hour before the shooting , police told the augusta chronicle .
o'brien was one of the members involved in the argument , which occurred over the weekend , authorities believe .
less than an hour later , several pi kappa alpha fraternity members stood in-between the two houses .
members of tau kappa epsilon were standing on their balcony .
o'brien was on the balcony of the tau kappa epsilon fraternity -lrb- pictured -rrb- , where he is a member , at the university of georgia when he pointed his .45 - caliber pistol at members of the neighboring pi kappa alpha .
the fraternity members retreated into their respective houses after o'brien allegedly fired the shot .
o'brien has been charged with aggravated assault , possession of a weapon on school grounds and reckless conduct .
the student surrendered at the clarke county jail on monday and was released after posting a $ 10,000 bond .
o'brien was identified as the shooter after police interviewed witnesses and seized the pistol from the tau kappa epsilon house , police say .
members from the two fraternities -lrb- pictured is pi kappa alpha -rrb- , including o'brien , had been involved in an altercation a half-hour before the shooting .
o'brien was charged with assault , possession of a weapon on school grounds and reckless conduct .