from an eerie-looking android to a smartphone-controlled dinosaur , japanese companies are out in full force to demonstrate their robotic prowess .
the technology is being shown by exhibitors at ceatec 2014 in japan , which is taking place in chiba , near tokyo until october 11 .
one of the most popular devices is te connectivity 's dinosaur robot , the te saurus , which lets users experience a close encounter with a 6ft 11 -lrb- 2.1 metre-tall -rrb- reptile droid .
scroll down for video .
japan 's electronics giant toshiba unveils the humanoid robot ` aiko chihira ' which demonstrates sign language at the ceatec electronics trade show in chiba , suburban tokyo .
a smartphone application makes the dinosaur walk or jump , while a shake of the smartphone prompts the te saurus to bark .
te saurus can also play trivia games as users answer questions through the app .
another highlight is omron 's three-legged robot , which is capable of playing a relaxed game of ping pong .
it watches its human opponent to predict the ball 's path , and can even decide to take it easy on opponents by missing a few hits .
one of the most popular devices is te connectivity 's dinosaur robot , the te saurus , which lets users experience a close encounter with a 6ft 11 -lrb- 2.1 metre-tall -rrb- reptile droid .
another highlight is omron 's three-legged robot which is capable of playing a relaxed ping pong playmate .
it watches its human opponent to predict the ball 's path .
weebles may seem like basic toys now , but in their day they used an impressive weight system based on the laws of physics to ` wobble but never fall down .
' to bring this childhood toy into the modern-day , a japanese firm has created a troop of weeble-style robotic cheerleaders who dance and move while balancing on a ball .
and thanks to built-in gyroscopes and infrared sensors , the robots perform in perfect synchronicity - but never fall over .
the murata cheerleaders were built by murata manufacturing .
instead of wheels , the cheerleading robots balance on a removable ball , which rolls in its housing to help the machines dance and move .
they remain upright due to three advanced gyro sensors , which incorporate inverted-pendulum