by .
steve nolan .
published : .
04:00 est , 19 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:52 est , 19 october 2013 .
travellers are still living illegally at the dale farm camp two years after # 7million of taxpayers ' money was spent on a forced eviction .
caravans are parked up in a road next to the site after a 10 year legal battle with basildon council ended with hundreds of police removing residents in october 2011 .
the travellers returned to the site several weeks after the eviction , after taking ' a little holiday to southend ' .
scroll down for video .
still there : travellers are still living illegally in a road yards from dale farm where they were evicted by police and bailiffs in a costly operation two years ago .
defiant : a makeshift home on the road leading up to the the dale farm site two years on from a multi-million pound operation to remove travellers from the site .
mess : rubbish and sewage litters the remains of the dale farm site in essex .
nora hargert , 47 , told the sun : ` we took a little holiday to southend and came home a few weeks later .
` that 's what travelllers do .
' she claimed that the group have not had any ` aggro ' from the council or essex police since returning to the site .
ms hargert added : ` they knew they were wrong .
' remains : travellers were forcibly removed from the site two years ago by bailiffs and police .
costly : more than # 7million was spent in a ten year legal battle attempting to remove the travellers from the essex site .
riot police are seen here moving in on barricades around the site .
anniversary : travellers set fire to barricades during the vast police operation to evict them back in 2011 .
according to reports , 25 caravans are still parked illegally at the site in a sewage filled road , just yards from where a number of travellers still live legally .
local residents have complained that the continued presence of travellers has affected the value of their homes and made it difficult to sell up .
one resident spoke of rubbish being dumped in nearby roads .
blight on