shi ` te muslim iran is so alarmed by sunni insurgent gains in iraq that it may be willing to cooperate with washington in helping baghdad fight back , a senior iranian official told reuters today .
the idea is being discussed internally among the islamic republic 's leadership , the senior iranian official told reuters , speaking on condition of anonymity .
the official had no word on whether the idea had been raised with any other party .
officials say iran will send its neighbor advisers and weaponry , although probably not troops , to help its ally and iraq 's prime minister nuri al-maliki check what tehran sees as a profound threat to regional stability , officials and analysts say .
scroll down for video .
iranian president hassan rouhani , pictured here on monday in turkey with turkish president abdulah gul , promised ` constructive engagement ' with the world when he was elected .
tehran is open to the possibility of working with the united states to support baghdad , a senior iranian official said today .
islamist militants have captured swathes of territory including the country 's second biggest city mosul .
tehran is open to the possibility of working with the united states to support baghdad , the senior official said .
` we can work with americans to end the insurgency in the middle east , ' the official said , referring to events in iraq .
` we are very influential in iraq , syria and many other countries .
' for many years , iran has been aggrieved by what it sees as u.s. efforts to marginalize it .
tehran wants to be recognized as a significant player in regional security .
sabre-rattling : an islamic militant issues a call to arms , saying : ` declare allah the greatest !
allah is the greatest !
' in a video released by isis .
trail of destruction : militants of islamic state of iraq and the levant damage a patrol car of iraq army in the city of mosul .
relations between iran and washington have improved modestly since the 2013 election of president hassan rouhani , who promised ` constructive engagement ' with the world .
and while tehran and the united states pursue talks to resolve the islamic state 's decade-old nuclear standoff with the west , they