julia marshall-wessendorf , 37 , was diagnosed with ms in 2010 after an mri scan revealed lesions on her brain and spine .
a mother-of-three who spent two years being treated for multiple sclerosis has been cured with a simple course of antibiotics -- after it was revealed that her symptoms were actually caused by a tick bite .
julia marshall-wessendorf , 37 , was facing life in a wheelchair after being mistakenly diagnosed with ms , a condition which attacks the central nervous system .
but when her symptoms deteriorated , she carried out her own research and discovered she may have been infected with lyme disease following a bite from a parasitic tick .
now , after years of expensive drug therapy and injections for ms , a simple course of antibiotics has cleared all of her symptoms .
mrs marshall-wessendorf 's troubles first started in 2010 after she went to her gp complaining of a numb finger two months after the birth of her daughter , peggy .
she initially thought she had trapped a nerve carrying newborn peggy around , but when she was sent to a neurologist she began to worry .
an extensive mri revealed lesions on her brain and spinal cord , consistent with ms. ` initially , .
i was really glad of the diagnosis because ms was a well-recognised .
illness and a lot of money had been put into researching it and .
providing medication , ' ms marshall-wessendorf , from from bath , .
somerset .
` in hindsight , i wonder if the diagnosis .
was too quick - and now i know it is lyme disease , i wish i had pushed .
further for more tests .
' it was only when she started to get .
muscle pains - which she was told were not symptoms of ms - that her .
suspicions were roused .
she then spoke to a friend who told her to check .
for the tick-borne disease .
she spent two years on a grueling drug regime for ms before developing other symptoms which were not consistent with the disease .
she did some of her own research and realised she could have lyme disease .
ms marshall-wessendorf , a trained landscape architect , could .
not find a bite on her body , but , after undertaking some research