ancient rock etchings along a dried-up lake bed in nevada have been confirmed to be the oldest recorded petroglyphs in north america , scientists said .
the petroglyphs , which date back at least 10,000 years , were found on limestone boulders near pyramid lake in northern nevada 's high desert .
the carvings are abstract with tightly clustered geometric designs including diamond patterns and short parallel lines on top of a longer line , but no-one knows who carved them .
petroglyphs , which date back at least 10,000 years , have been found on limestone boulders near pyramid lake in northern nevada 's high desert -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
the rock etchings have been confirmed to be the oldest recorded petroglyphs in north america , scientists said .
the etchings are similar in design to some .
found at a lake in oregon that are believed to be at least 7,600 years .
old .
later drawings sometimes depict a spear or antelope instead of abstract patterns .
the oldest petroglyphs were found on the pyramid lake paiute tribe 's reservation land .
eugene hattori , the curator of .
anthropology at the nevada state museum in carson city who co-authored a .
paper on the findings , said : ` we initially thought people 12,000 or 10,000 years ago were primitive , but their artistic expressions and technological expertise associated with these paints a much different picture .
' his research is published in the journal of .
archaeological science .
geochemist larry benson , who used radiocarbon testing to date the etchings , believes the petroglyphs could be as much as 14,800 years old .
the oldest petroglyphs -lrb- pictured -rrb- were found on the pyramid lake paiute tribe 's reservation land .
later drawings sometimes depict a spear or antelope instead of abstract patterns .
radiocarbon testing dated the carbonate layer underlying the petroglyphs to roughly 14,800 years ago .
geochemical data , sediment and rock samples from adjacent pyramid lake show they were exposed to air from 13,200 to 14,800 years ago and again from 10,500 to 11,300 years ago .
` whether they turn out to be as old as 14,800 years ago or as recent as 10,500 years ago , they are still the oldest petroglyphs that have been dated in north america , ' said benson , a national research scientist