bali nine ringleaders andrew chan and myuran sukumaran may be shackled , blindfolded and executed by firing squad in the middle of the night .
the pair , who have been on death row since 2006 , could face death as early as next sunday under a crackdown by the indonesia government on drug cases .
the australians may only be given several days notice if scheduled for execution , facing the imminent possibility of their death following the recent increase in criminal executions after a five year respite .
scroll down for video .
bali nine ringleaders andrew chan and myuran sukumaran -lrb- above -rrb- are scheduled for execution in 2015 .
after living on death row in kerobokan prison in denpasar , indonesia , for almost a decade , and four failed clemency applications , sukumaran and chan are on a list of 26 prisoners indonesia says will be executed this year .
if chan and sukumaran are executed under the same conditions that previous inmates have faced , they will be taken from their cells at midnight to face their death with their hands and feet shackled .
the pair will be offered blindfolds to wear , and will have white aprons around their neck and a red target on their chest .
chan and sukumaran will also be given choice to stand , sit or lie down when the firing squad carries out their execution from a distance of between five and ten metres , reported the sydney morning herald .
in 2008 , nigerian nationals samuel iwuchukwu okoye and hansen antonious nwaolisa were strapped to crucifixes with black hoods over their heads before being shot , reported news.com.au .
` it was simple : one , two , three , then ` bang ' , ' said father charlie burrows , who witnessed their deaths .
the pair took nearly ten minutes to be pronounced dead , moaning and bleeding until they succumbed to their injuries .
' i think it is cruel , the torture ... the blood came out slowly ; they were in pain , ' father burrows said during his testimony before indonesia 's constitutional court .
sukumaran and chan -lrb- above -rrb- are on a list of 26 prisoners indonesia says will be executed this year .
if chan and sukumaran are executed under the same conditions that previous inmates