by .
deni kirkova .
published : .
09:27 est , 23 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:40 est , 24 january 2013 .
plenty of controversial dating sites are seen to objectify women , including sugardaddie.com and seekingarrangement.com which both .
they encourage beautiful young women and rich men to sign up .
but now one allows women to take control , virtually sift through a man-ventory and purchase a man to date - just as they would pick a handbag while shopping online .
that one looks good : is online shopping for men a step too far , or just evening out the playing field ?
women are encouraged to shop for male .
companions through an online man-market , where a catalogue of potential .
suitors is available to browse and evaluate .
eligible man-products are placed in a shopping bag and eventually checked out if deemed satisfactory -lrb- although no money actually changes hands -rrb- .
checkhimout.com market themselves as an empowering and fun addition to the online dating pool .
spokesperson for checkhimout.com marie aniort says : ` what woman does n't dream about having a diverse portfolio of men at her disposal ?
` women are not only receiving full access to our revolutionary `` man-market '' -- they are able to experiment with love in a way that has never been seen before .
' ` what woman doesn ¿ t dream about having a diverse portfolio of men at her disposal ?
' check him out : the homepage does n't hide male objectification , obvious but is it funny ?
as shoppers , women may utilise the .
service for free while men must purchase credit packages to allow them .
to interact with the ladies .
checkhimout.com founder teddy truchot .
however , the romantic relationship is completely at the women 's discretion - they choose whether or not they are interested in adding a man to their shopping bag .
in the meantime , men can play the waiting game while they attempt to capture the attention of different female shoppers .
` it is an understatement to say that women are in control , ' aniort said .
` now , women can choose to utilize men however they see fit .
` they can view them through the objectifying lens that men typically