members of the new york police department have been caught editing the wikipedia pages of police brutality victims .
computers being used inside police headquarters at 1 police plaza changed the entries of sean bell , an unarmed man shot dead in 2006 ; amadou diallo , who was shot dead when police mistook his wallet for a gun in 1999 ; and eric garner , the staten island man killed last july in a police chokehold .
an individual also changed the entry for the british alternative chumbawamba , swapping out three of the band 's members with members of the police department .
scroll down for video .
member of the new york police department have been caught editing the wikipedia pages of police brutality victims .
individuals inside police headquarters tried to edit the entries of eric garner -lrb- left -rrb- and sean bell -lrb- right with his fiance and daughter -rrb- .
they also edited the entry of amadou diallo -lrb- above -rrb- was shot dead in 1999 when police mistook his wallet for a gun .
these changes were all traced by capital new york by following the public ip addresses .
the garner entry seems to have been edited the most , with numerous changes made on the page .
` garner raised both his arms in the air ' was edited to say ` garner flailed his arms about as he spoke ' and ` use of the chokehold has been prohibited ' became ` use of the chokehold is legal , but has been prohibited .
' a sentence was also added to say that garner was bigger than the officers on the scene .
as for bell , who was shot dead on november 25 , 2006 by undercover officers at his bachelor party the night before his wedding despite being unarmed , his entry was not only edited but there was also an attempt to have it removed completely .
on the articles for deletion page , someone from the department wrote , ` he -lsb- bell -rsb- was in the news for about two months , and now no one except al sharpton cares anymore .
the police shoot people every day , and times with a lot more than 50 bullets .
this incident is more news than notable .
' the entry was not removed .
an