by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
17:05 est , 13 may 2012 .
| .
updated : .
09:31 est , 14 may 2012 .
a british speedway racer has been killed following a horrific crash during an event in poland .
lee richardson , 33 , died in hospital after colliding with a solid safety barrier during the event in wroclaw .
richardson , a former under-21 world champion , suffered serious internal bleeding , breathing difficulties and a leg injury .
tragic death : lee richardson , a former under-21 world champion , has died following a crash at an event in poland .
horror crash : richardson is thrown from his bike in the collision with the safety barrier .
fatal impact : the horrific crash happened as richardson raced for the pge marma rzeszow team against betard sparta wroclaw .
he was racing for the pge marma rzeszow team against betard sparta wroclaw .
richardson was born in hastings and had raced for the lakeside hammers , a team based in essex .
a .
statement on the team 's website read : ` the lakeside hammers captain .
died today in poland as a result of injuries sustained in a racing .
accident .
` all at the club are devastated at the loss of a great captain , man and more than anything a wonderful father and husband .
` our .
thoughts are with his family at this most sad of times and we know that .
all hammers fans will share our total devastation at this tragic news .
' battling : richardson is treated by doctors after crashing into a solid safety barrier .
he later died in hospital .
treatment : medics give richardson first aid at the track in wroclaw .
he suffered serious internal bleeding from the collision .
medics stand over richardson after the accident .
he was taken to hospital shortly afterwards .
in action : lee richardson had rode for the lakeside hammers team in the british elite league competition .
tributes from the sport 's other stars soon poured in for the rider , with many using twitter to express their shock and disbelief at the news .
world champion greg hancock wrote : ` unreal news i just heard !
it does n't seem real and another innocent one is