by .
lucy crossley .
a motorcyclist on a round-the-world trip took his trusty bike more than 16,000 miles through asia and europe , only to have it stolen in swansea .
martin williams , 53 , left his home in .
australia six months ago to ride his motorcycle through some of the most .
dangerous and harsh environments on the planet .
his 16,156 mile journey through troubled spots in asia and europe went without a hitch - until he arrived in wales .
crime victim : martin williams , 53 , rode his bike half way around the world , through south korea , russia and scandinavia , only to have it stolen in swansea .
his visit to welsh relatives ended in heartbreak when his 650cc kawasaki machine , worth around # 2,500 , was stolen from their driveway .
` in all my travels i have n't had any bad experiences until now - everyone has been brilliant and so hospitable , ' said mr williams .
' i could n't believe my eyes .
i found a cut chain and my luggage thrown on the ground with no sign of the bike .
trusted : mr williams , who set off from his home in australia in july , pictured with his bike in mongolia .
high-spec : the motorcycle has been modified so it can tackle a range of terrain - including the gobi desert .
' i think it may have been pushed into the back of a van because there are marks .
i am feeling really numb and am in shock .
it has n't sunk in yet .
' mr williams set off from newcastle , north of sydney , last july to bike thousands of miles .
he rode his bike through south korea , russia , mongolia , the baltic states , scandinavia , germany , france and spain before reaching britain for christmas .
adventure : mr williams rode his bike through south korea , russia , mongolia , the baltic states , scandinavia , germany , france and spain before reaching britain for christmas .
shock : when mr williams woke up ready to begin his ride down the length of africa he discovered his bike , pictured outside st petersburg , russia , had been stolen off the drive .
' i grew up