a middle-class couple who pocketed # 750,000 in a business con spent the money on luxury skiing holidays , shopping trips to harrods and a # 1.6 million country manor .
philip murray-shelley , 45 and then-wife , margaret jean , 43 , siphoned off cash from their own business to fund their life of luxury - and continued even as the firm was falling into serious financial difficulty .
when the company went bust they turned their backs on staff and refused to pay out any compensation .
police said that employees were told they were being made redundant without pay-offs at the same time mrs murray-shelley was on a skiing holiday paid for with company cash .
the couple were jailed on friday for more than seven years .
scroll down for video .
jailed : philip murray-shelley -lrb- left -rrb- , 45 and then-wife , margaret jean , 43 , -lrb- right -rrb- siphoned off cash from their own business to fund their life of luxury - and continued even as the firm was falling into serious financial difficulty .
former company boss margaret jean murray-shelley drove a porsche 911 , sent her children to public schools and kept horses at stables near her manor home in brecon , mid wales .
she took winter ski breaks to the alps and went on expensive shopping trips to harrods , funded by company cash .
an earlier court hearing heard the 43-year-old received up to # 1,000-a-day in company cash , even when her employees ' jobs were at risk .
her former husband , who masterminded the fraud , also operated from a separate address in gatcombe road , london .
the couple were jailed at newport crown court along with two others after a three-year undercover investigation by police into the complex fraud behind their luxury lifestyle .
philip murray-shelley was sentenced to more than five years after admitting conspiracy to commit fraud by false representation .
sentencing , judge tom crowther told him : ` this was your scheme .
this was a sophisticated fraud that required constant attention and work .
' life of luxury : former company boss margaret jean murray-shelley drove a porsche 911 , sent her children to public schools and kept horses at stables near her manor home in brecon , mid wales -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
lavish : the