new zealand clinched the 2014 rugby championship with a bonus-point 34-13 win over argentina in la plata .
the all blacks ran in four tries through ben smith , israel dagg , julian savea and tj perenara , while beauden barrett kicked 14 points .
the hosts ' only try came at the death , with horacio agulla crossing .
new zealand 's all blacks celebrate winning the 2014 rugby championship after beating argentina .
new zealand 's all blacks kieran read , centre , is tackled by argentina 's leonardo senatore .
the victory made it four wins and a draw from five games for new zealand and saw them wrap up the title with the final round of fixtures still to come .
it was their third consecutive rugby championship crown .
barrett got the all blacks up and running early on with two penalties before smith crossed for the first try in the 12th minute .
the ball was worked out wide to dagg , who burst clear and then found smith on the switch to score .
barrett added the extras .
new zealand coach steve hansen leaves the field after winning the 2014 rugby championship .
argentina 's juan martin fernandez lobbe looks frustrated during the match in la plata .
argentina 's benjamin macome , left , tackles new zealand 's all blacks malakai fekitoa .
nicolas sanchez got the hosts on the board with a penalty , but new zealand hit straight back .
dagg and smith were again heavily involved , this time the latter turning provider as he accepted a malakai fekitoa offload before helping the ball on to dagg to score down the right .
a successful conversion had new zealand 20-3 up .
another sanchez penalty made it 20-6 at half-time .
in the 57th minute savea added a third try , bouncing off three opponents before powering over .
barrett 's kicking was again flawless .
and 12 minutes later perenara grabbed the bonus-point try which would seal the title , adding the finishing touch following a great break from jerome kaino .
barrett 's conversion made it 34-6 .
argentina continued to show spirit and crossed two minutes from time , agulla crossing before santiago gonzalez iglesias added the conversion .
but it was far too little too late as the all blacks were already home and