by .
brendan carlin .
published : .
20:41 est , 15 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
20:41 est , 15 february 2014 .
under fire : maria miller 's political career could be harmed by a ruling over her expenses .
maria miller 's political future was in doubt last night after expenses watchdogs found fault with the culture secretary 's # 90,000 claims on a second home .
this newspaper has learnt mrs miller is to be criticised by parliamentary standards officials over claiming the taxpayer-funded allowances on a home where her parents also lived .
the move has sparked a row at westminster , with some tory mps outraged at the report .
it comes amid speculation that david cameron is seeking to promote more women to his frontbench team as well as hold on to the female ministers he already has .
but last night , one tory mp privately admitted that criticism over her expenses could make mrs miller 's position in the cabinet ` untenable ' .
the former marketing executive , 49 , has been under investigation for the past year over second-home allowances claims between 2005 and 2009 .
mrs miller claimed for a ` second home ' mortgage and costs on the london home where her parents and family lived -- not on two properties she rented in her basingstoke constituency over the same period .
the case has drawn comparisons with the case of ex-labour mp tony mcnulty , who had to repay almost # 14,000 in second-home expenses after it emerged he was claiming for a constituency property where his parents lived rent-free .
however , mrs miller has repeatedly maintained her claims were ` entirely above board ' , insisting they had been ` audited twice independently ' .
but the mail on sunday understands the commons ' standards committee , which rules on mps ' conduct , has been advised that for at least part of the four years , mrs miller should not have claimed second-home costs for her london home .
sources said a report to mps by parliamentary standards commissioner kathryn hudson concluded mrs miller should have nominated her rented basingstoke home as her second home .
but when the report was delivered to the standards committee two weeks ago , it sparked a furious row .
claims : the dispute