wales prop adam jones has rejected a contract offer from the ospreys and has signed for their regional rivals cardiff blues .
jones ' agents big red management confirmed jones ' move on their twitter account , accompanied by a picture of the player .
` all parties delighted that @adamjones3 has signed with @cardiff - blues , ' they tweeted .
new surroundings : wales prop adam jones is photographed at new club cardiff blues .
although the blues have not formally confirmed 33-year-old jones ' arrival , he was included on a photograph of next season 's squad that was published on the blues ' official twitter feed on tuesday .
jones had also been linked to following wales captain - and new blues team-mate sam warburton - in signing a welsh rugby union central contact , but the blues have now secured his services on what is thought to be a one-year deal .
confirming that jones had told them he would not be re-signing at the liberty stadium - his contract expired at the end of last season - the ospreys said they were ` disappointed ' with the outcome .
jones made his wales debut in 2003 and has been part of three six nations grand slam-winning teams .
he also featured in three world cup campaigns .
lions : jones is nearing the end of his career but hopes to be part of the wales setup for the world cup .
` this is about a new challenge for me , ' jones said .
` at this stage in my career i want a new environment and to really push myself .
` i 've been really impressed by the set-up at the blues and the desire to achieve in the coming years under the leadership of -lrb- director of rugby -rrb- mark hammett .
it is that ambition and potential for the future that excites me about this move .
` obviously , i would like to thank everyone at the ospreys - from the players and coaches to the wonderful supporters - who have been absolutely fantastic with me .
i wish the region every success for the future .
' done deal : jones signs for the blues after a long period of uncertainty about his club future .