five cannon that were once used by blackbeard to terrorize the atlantic shipping lanes have been recovered from a wreck that belonged to the notorious pirate .
the cannon , one weighing 3,000 lb , are the latest artifacts divers have salvaged from the wreck of the queen anne 's revenge , which ran aground off north carolina in 1718 .
since the wreck was found on a sandbar in beaufort inlet in 1996 , a team of archeologists have scavenged the ship for treasures including gold dust , coins , glass beads and a pewter syringe .
salvaged : one of the five cannon is raised from the wreck of the queen 's anne revenge .
` today is definitely a red-letter day : five guns coming off the site , ' david moore , who has been part of the recovery team from 1996 , told cbs news .
the weapons , brought to the surface on monday , would have fired 6lb cannon balls at any ships daring to confront them .
` this is spectatular .
this is the most cannon we have ever raised in a single day , ' faye mitchell , of the north carolina department of cultural resources , said .
` we also raised two concretions which are these barrel hoops they used to store food provisions and things like that , ' she told wptv .
historians believe the largest cannon found was made in sweden , meaning blackbeard who was also known as edward teach or thatch , had guns from different countries on board .
feared : the queen anne 's revenge , a former slave vessel , was the head of blackbeard 's fearsome flotilla .
in total , 40 cannon were believed to have been on board the queen anne 's revenge , a former french slaveship taken by blackbeard and his men off martinique in 1717 .
since the wreck was discovered in 1996 , 22 of the ship 's guns and about 280,000 artifacts have been recovered .
the location and size of the ship , as well as the finds , has led experts to conclude that the ship really is the queen 's anne revenge .
` it 's in the right place , from the right time .
the artifacts are all dating to the appropriate period .
she was the