by .
mark duell .
updated : .
12:17 est , 14 january 2012 .
john edwards is battling a life-threatening heart condition that will require surgery next month and delay his criminal trial again , a court heard today .
the 58-year-old former democratic presidential candidate is facing trial in north carolina for allegedly abusing $ 1million of campaign finances .
but judge catherine eagles delayed the trial until at least march 26 and said he should avoid driving and travel - including to court proceedings .
delayed date : former presidential candidate john edwards , 58 , is facing trial in north carolina over allegedly abusing $ 1million of campaign finances .
edwards walked into the courtroom in .
greensboro without assistance and appeared healthy .
judge eagles had .
requested that he be there .
his cardiologist wrote two letters to .
judge eagles but no details were revealed about what sort of surgery or .
what illness edwards may have .
` the public has an interest in a speedy trial , and this case has already been continued twice , ' judge eagles said on friday .
` ordinarily , i would try to manage .
something like this .
but clearly there are some limitations on mr .
edwards due to real and serious health issues .
' the national enquirer claimed last .
month he thought he was dying after a jog when his heart began pounding .
and he struggled to breathe .
hidden : mr edwards 's mistress rielle hunter , pictured with their daughter , ` received nearly $ 1 million from donors aiming to help hide her pregnancy ' ` john fell apart in front of a pal .
after returning from a jog and was afraid he 'd die , ' a source close to .
him told the national enquirer .
` his heart began pounding and he was .
having laboured breathing , ' the source added .
` he had many symptoms of a .
major heart attack .
' ` the public has an interest in a speedy trial , and this case has already been continued twice .
but clearly there are some limitations on mr edwards due to real and serious health issues ' judge catherine eagles .
mr edwards was suffering from sleep .
problems and migraines - and he has