by .
lillian radulova .
and sarah dean .
a sri lankan asylum seeker has died after suffering what are believed to be ` self-inflicted ' burns to 90 per cent of his body .
he was understood to have doused himself in petrol before setting himself alight at a busy geelong intersection .
the 29-year-old feared being sent back to sri lanka , a spokesman for the tamil refugee council told the age .
leo seemanpillai had been living in australia on a bridging visa since january 2013 .
scroll down for video .
scared : leo seemanpillai had been living in australia on a bridging visa since january 2013 .
he died on saturday night .
immigration minister scott morrison confirmed that the tamil man , who was living in geelong , victoria , died of his injuries on saturday night .
tamil refugee council spokesman aran mylvaganam , who was at mr seemanpillai 's hospital bedside on saturday night , said he had known him for 13 months .
` he feared for his life if he was returned to sri lanka , ' mr mylvaganam said .
both of mr seemanpillai 's parents lived in a refugee camp in india , where he had also spent time .
they are reported to be in shock over their son 's death .
trevor grant , a convenor at the tamil refugee council , revealed that mr seemanpillai suffered depression after fleeing sri lanka about five years ago .
` he knew that if he was sent back he 'd face persecution from the military , ' mr grant explained .
he also said the asylum seeker was on the organ donor register and five people have received his organs after his death on saturday .
immigration minister , scott morrison revealed that the asylum seeker died after receiving burns to 90 per cent of his body .
a victoria police spokeswoman says officers were called to a unit fire in inner suburban newtown on saturday morning following reports a man was on fire in the front yard .
it 's believed the injuries were self-inflicted , she said .
` i 'm advised by my department that a man believed to be an illegal maritime arrival of sri lankan nationality suffered serious burns in an incident in geelong yesterday morning , i understand he died of his