by .
beth stebner .
published : .
23:09 est , 25 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
08:14 est , 26 september 2012 .
in recent weeks , mitt romney 's campaign has had to do significant damage control following the release of a leaked video .
now , a video from 2005 , surfaced by buzzfeed , shows another apparent gaffe from the then governor of massachusetts .
in the closing remarks while at the st. patrick 's day breakfast , the gop hopeful said , ` when i was a boy , i used to think that becoming rich and becoming famous would make me happy .
boy , was i right .
' scroll down for video .
leaked : a video surfaced by buzzfeed shows then-governor mitt romney , centre , speaking at a st patrick 's day breakfast in 2005 .
conclusion : at the end , mr romney remarked : ` when i was a boy , i used to think that becoming rich and becoming famous would make me happy .
boy , was i right ' leaked : the video comes after mother jones leaked footage from an anonymous person who attended a fundraiser in florida where mr romney said 47 per cent of americans believed themselves to be ` entitled ' the video was from a comedy breakfast on st. patrick 's day in 2005 , showing a less-grey romney , wearing a green tie and an irish-themed boutonniere .
according to a 2005 article from the boston globe , mr romney had joked with local politicians at the light-hearted breakfast , the boston equivalent of the white house correspondent 's dinner .
when mr romney said , ` i 'll be here until you get funny , ' then-speaker and democrat salvatore dimasi quipped back : ` you being president of the united states .
that 's a joke .
' while this clip is innocuous enough when viewed on its own , it adds to the pressure mr romney 's already facing over his newly-released 2011 tax returns , as well as the now-infamous leaked tape in which he said that 47 per cent was ` dependent ' on the government and did n't pay federal taxes .
mr romney , flanked by vice presidential candidate paul ryan , are campaigning in the crucial swing state