by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
17:00 est , 2 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
17:00 est , 2 november 2012 .
former runaway tycoon asil nadir , 70 , has been ordered to pay back # 5million of the money he stole from his polly peck business empire - or face a further six years ' jail .
disgraced tycoon asil nadir was today ordered to pay back # 5million of the money he stole from his polly peck business empire - or face a further six years ' jail .
nadir was jailed for 10 years in august after being found guilty of stealing # 28.8 million from the company and its shareholders .
he later claimed to be penniless after prosecutors demanded # 60million should be paid in compensation and interest to the administrators .
polly peck , a leading stock exchange conglomerate , collapsed in 1990 after nadir stole money which he sent abroad through a complex series of companies .
mr justice holroyde , sitting at the old bailey , rejected his claims of poverty and said he believed nadir had money stashed away .
nadir was given two years to pay the compensation .
he may be released after serving half of both sentences .
the judge also ruled that turkish airline boss hamit cankut bagana could apply for the return of the # 250,000 security he paid to allow nadir bail .
nadir fled from the uk to his native northern cyprus in 1993 but returned in 2010 to face trial .
he claimed to have lived on the generosity of his mother and a girlfriend while in exile and before he was discharged as a bankrupt .
but the judge said : ` it is not true that mr nadir received no significant income or owned no significant assets since 1993 .
' it was argued on his behalf that nadir had not taken part in business during his years in exile .
but the judge said he could not accept that ` such a proud and talented man ' would have lived off handouts from his mother and a girlfriend .
the judge said he could not accept that ` such a proud and talented man ' would have lived off handouts from his mother and a girlfriend .
nadir -lrb- left -rrb- with his