a law student was convicted of possessing a bomb making manual during a secret trial at the old bailey , it can be revealed for the first time today .
police found the document on a memory card belonging to erol incedal and the jury found him guilty on the basis it was was likely to be useful to a terrorist , it can now be reported .
but the jury was discharged from further deliberations on another charge of preparing an act of terrorism with others abroad .
he was charged with preparing an act of terrorism with others abroad , either against individuals or a ` mumbai-style ' attack .
guilty : erol incedal , centre , was found guilty of possessing a bomb making manual on a memory card but will face a new trial on the charge of preparing a terrorist act , which he denies .
today mr justice nicol removed an order banning publication of the jury 's unanimous guilty verdict on a charge of possessing information likely to be useful to a terrorist .
he said it was no longer necessary after ruling that this verdict was admissible at the retrial due to take place on february 23 next year .
incedal 's friend mounir rarmoul-bouhadjar , also 26 , has already pleaded guilty to possessing the bomb making manual .
during incedal 's trial , the court heard that he was stopped and arrested by police on september 30 last year for driving his black mercedes car at 60mph in a 40mph zone with no licence and insurance .
officers discovered a slip of paper with the address of former prime minister tony blair and his wife cherie on it in the car and planted a bug which picked up incedal 's conversations in the following days .
the turkish-born defendant was heard on tape to complain about ` pigs ' to his wife and talking about going to a ` plan b ' .
he said : ' i made a big mistake .
some very important stuff was in the car .
if they find it , i would be f ***** .
' on october 13 last year , armed police stopped incedal 's car again near london bridge and arrested him on suspicion of being a terrorist .
they searched the turkish-born father-of-two 's home address in south