by .
associated press reporter .
the eighth annual wisconsin wife carry championship race was a big hit again this year , especially for jon fenrick of middleton .
the 29-year-old monona police officer captured the title friday after .
he slung his 103-pound wife over his shoulders and completed the .
obstacle course in a minute flat .
with the victory he takes home $ 525 -- .
plus his wife 's weight in beer , the wisconsin state journal reported .
the winner of the eighth annual wisconsin wife carry championship race was awarded $ 5 for each pound of their wife 's weight plus her weight in beer .
a 29-year-old monona police officer -lrb- not pictured -rrb- captured the title after he slung his 103-pound wife over his shoulders and completed the obstacle course in a minute flat .
the contest , an internationally sanctioned event , was a big .
attraction at the monona community festival .
more than a dozen couples .
competed in front of hundreds of cheering fans .
the course challenges runners to slog 850 feet through tires , bales .
of hay and a water pit .
it only took fenrick 60 seconds to complete the .
course , but he said it was the longest minute of his life .
` absolutely , without a doubt , ' he said .
` this is awesome .
' his wife , angie , weighs 103 pounds , 2 pounds under the required .
minimum weight of 105 , but the couple was n't penalized .
more than a dozen couples competed in front of hundreds of cheering fans .
their prize was .
$ 5 for every pound , based on her weight being 105 pounds , as well as her .
weight in beer -- five cases ' worth .
the generally preferred carrying position is to have the wife hang .
down the man 's back with her legs over his shoulders .
the women are .
required to wear bicycle helmets , and each couple has to sign a .
liability waiver .
the event is open to straight and same-sex couples , and the entrance fee is $ 40 .
the cash and beer awards are enticing , but some people are .
intimidated by the race course ` because it is somewhat challenging , '