by .
ellie zolfagharifard .
published : .
18:02 est , 7 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
18:13 est , 7 august 2013 .
locals in richmond , london , have become the first in the uk to pay for products on the high street using a profile picture .
the borough 's high street has begun using a payment system that works by simply recognising customers by their first name and picture via a mobile phone app .
the app for ios , windows os and android phones highlights nearby shops and restaurants that accept paypal .
the customer checks in by clicking on the required retailer and sliding an animated pin down on their screen .
the app for ios , windows os and android phones , highlights nearby shops that accept paypal .
the customer checks in by clicking on the required retailer and sliding an animated pin down on their screen .
the customer 's name and photo then appears on the shop 's payment system and the retailer charges them by clicking on their image .
the customer then receives an alert on their phone to let them know how much they have paid as well as paypal 's usual email receipt .
` customers do n't have to worry about having cards , cash or change , just their phones , ' said richard garcia , owner and proprietor of cook and garcia café who offers the service .
` it is the quickest transaction through the till , which means less queues and we never have to turn down a sale , both of which are great for business .
' the initiative by paypal comes as payment companies , banks and technology firms battle it out to become consumers ' default mobile digital wallet .
the customer 's name and photo then appears on the shop 's payment system and the retailer charges them by clicking on their image .
the customer then receives an alert on their phone to let them know how much they have paid as well as paypal 's usual email receipt .
bank cards are already being replaced by phones and wristbands that have payment technology built-in - but the latest threat to the lowly plastic in your pocket could be your face.a finnish startup called uniqul has launched what it calls the first