by .
daily mail reporter .
survivor : leon leyson was the youngest jewish survivor of the holocaust spared by being on schindler 's list .
oskar schindler kept an eye on the leyson family among the hundreds of other jews he saved .
the youngest jewish refugee to be saved from the holocaust by oskar schindler has died .
leon leyson , 83 , was just 13 when he was taken on as a schindler employee , he went on to live in los angeles , served in the u.s. army and worked as a teacher in industrial arts - keen to give something back to his adoptive country .
living in krakow , he was 10 when the nazis invaded poland .
jews were forced to live in a ghetto but leyon 's father , morris was one of the few men allowed out to work , nbc news reports .
he was fortunate to have oskar schindler as his boss , a native german shocked by the horrors he saw committed by the nazis and determined to try and save as many jews as he could .
in 1943 , schindler was granted permission to keep his workers in his own factory sub-camp .
he secretly brought them more food and enabled them to live in conditions never permitted by the nazis .
among them was the leyson family , a family of seven who had moved to krakow so morris could find work .
because of schindler 's interventions and after being ultimately placed on his list of workers which meant they were save from the death camps , leon survived alongside his parents and an older brother and sister .
his other two brothers were killed .
` five of us survived the war , this is the bottom line , out of everyone who was related to me in poland .
and we survived because we were on schindler 's list , ' leon said during an interview in 2008 on nbc4 .
the family moved to the u.s. in 1949 .
leyson built up a good relationship with schindler , who risked his life hiring hundreds of extra jewish workers during the war , to save them .
ground-breaking film : spielberg 's schindler 's list was supported by the many generations saved by oskar schindler 's actions including leon leyson , fifth