a woman who fractured her neighbour 's skull with a hammer during a street fight as part of an eight-year feud has been jailed .
lisa williams , 49 , hit taxi driver david coleman three times after finding the 54-year-old brawling with her brother in the street , a court heard .
the two families had been ` neighbours at war ' since the colemans moved in next door to the williams family on st catherine 's road , chingford , in 2007 .
lisa williams -lrb- pictured leaving court , left -rrb- hit taxi driver david coleman -lrb- right -rrb- three times with the hammer during a street fight .
on the morning of the attack , the court heard that william 's sibling jonathan had smeared mud all over the coleman 's front bay windows .
when the victim went to confront him , they got into a fight .
james benson , prosecuting , said : ` mr coleman is not a small man but fairly well built , jonathan williams is bigger built still and is in fact a younger man than mr coleman , ' he said .
` between the two of them punches were thrown by both parties , this was before lisa williams had anything to do with the incident .
` ultimately the parties say mr williams gained the upper hand in the fight as the bigger and younger man , and both me went to the ground .
' at that point the bigger man allegedly straddled mr coleman as williams emerged from their house holding a claw hammer , she then struck him three times to the head .
she was only stopped when a third neighbour bernard mason , pulled the hammer out of her hands , and his wife pamela was forced to sit on the her until the police arrived .
williams admitted striking mr coleman with a hammer , but claimed she believed he was about to kill her brother and she acted out of panic .
warring neighbours : the two families were described as ` neighbours at war ' after the colemans -lrb- left -rrb- moved in next door to the williams ' home -lrb- right -rrb- .
before fetching the hammer she called 999 from house she shared with her brother and mother , who can be heard screaming ` leave