ed balls admitted yesterday that the falling oil price will make people feel better off .
the shadow chancellor said the plunging price of oil ` will help ' households .
his words were an apparent admission that the party 's cost of living campaign was being undermined by falling inflation .
a report published yesterday showed the public will see a ` substantial boost to their spending power ' this year as wages surge ahead of prices .
the shadow chancellor said the plunging price of oil will help households .
mr balls made his comments at the launch of a major report by the commission on inclusive prosperity into declining middle class incomes in wealthy countries .
mr balls criticised the government for ` waiting for things to improve ... because the evidence is that 's not going to happen .
' he added : ` it is true at the moment we have a fall in the oil price which will help .
' ` but the fall in the oil price is no more a solution to these long term problems than the rise in the oil price in the 1970s was the main cause of economic challenge in britain .
there were considerably deeper economic challenges we faced at the time .
' mr balls said : ` in our country in a couple of months time we will have a general election where the median person in work will be absolutely worse off than they were in 2010 .
` that has not happened in any parliament in our country since the 1920s .
tory treasury minister david gauke said : ` our long term economic plan is working with real incomes forecast to rise for families this year .
but the job is not yet done and we must carrying on working through our plan to secure a better economic future .
` even though their economic argument is collapsing , labour would abandon our plan .
their economic policy consists of more spending , more borrowing and more debt which would lead to economic chaos .
' he criticised the government claiming they were ` waiting for things to improve ' financially .
on sunday , labour 's deputy leader , harriet harman , raised the ` cost of living ' eight times in a television interview as she argued ordinary people