by .
daily mail reporter .
she 's the bombshell from brazil whose stunning looks have made her into a star but it seems adriana lima might have missed her true calling .
fellow victoria 's secret models have revealed that the 33-year-old is a ` true athlete ' and that the secret of her incredible body is boxing .
` adriana is pretty amazing , ' said alessandra ambrosio , 33 .
` she does all of that boxing that i 've never done before and i 'm scared to even try -- what i do is more mild and better suited for girls , but she does what the athletes do .
it 's really tough .
' boxing clever : victoria 's secret angel adriana lima got her catwalk-worthy body via bouts in the boxing ring .
the model made the comment during an interview with fashionista.com 's alyssa vingan at a new york event in aid of cycling charity , pelotonia .
and it seems ambrosio is n't the only one in awe of lima 's tough approach to getting fit for catwalk appearances .
25-year-old martha hunt , a recent addition to the victoria 's secret stable , also spoke of her admiration for lima 's butt-kicking workouts and revealed that the brazilian model ` gets better ' every year .
` she 's a born athlete , ' revealed hunt , ` and she gets better and better every year -- she 's not human !
' admiring : alessandra ambrosio -lrb- left -rrb- told of her admiration for her compatriot 's tough approach to fitness .
impressed : 25-year-old martha hunt -lrb- left -rrb- and fellow boxing fan and victoria 's secret angel , lais ribeiro -lrb- right -rrb- .
like the rest of the victoria 's secret girls , hunt is a fan of regular workouts although unlike lima , confines herself to personal training sessions , yoga , pilates and ballet .
one model who is happy to join lima in the boxing ring is lais ribero , 25 , from brazil , who boxes five times a week , although she says taking on lima in the ring is a no go .
` no , i do n't want to , ' said the 23-year-old when asked if she 'd like to take her compatriot on .
` oh