if you live in the uk or us you can expect to have already been hacked -- at least according to the real life conman turned fraud prevention expert whose escapades inspired catch me if you can .
frank abagnale , whose early life on the run from the fbi was brought to life on the screen by leonardo di caprio , has said the public is underestimating the extent that their details have been stolen by digital fraudsters , the times reported .
in the 2002 steven spielberg film abagnale , now 66 , poses as a doctor , a lecturer , a lawyer and an airline pilot over the course of a crime spree that eventually landed him in prison .
scroll down for video .
frank abagnale -lrb- right -rrb- has said individuals in the western world have probably already had their identities stolen .
he was played by leonardo di caprio -lrb- right -rrb- in the film about his misspent youth as a conman .
however the former conman changed his ways and has spent the rest of his career working with the fbi on fraud detection and prevention .
in an interview mr abagnale told of how in an age of information overload , those of us living in the western world have probably already had our identities stolen .
he highlighted the recent theft of details from more than 80 million americans whose names , dates of birth , children 's details and and social security numbers were held by the us underwriter anthem insurance .
he added that there had been so many similar incidents in recent years that societies should just assume personal information had been stolen .
mr abagnale works as a consultant to british company lexisnexis and has written three books on the nature of fraud .
he has called the constant effort by security companies to stay ahead of hackers a ` battle ' , saying it is always necessary to be thinking a move ahead of the fraudsters .
abagnale , as is depitced in the 2002 film catch me if you can , posed at one point as a senior medical doctor .
the conman turned fraud expert also travelled the globe posing as an international airline pilot for pan am .
mr abignale exaplained that while he used ink and paper to fraudulently access money ,