by .
lydia warren .
a 15-year-old girl who encouraged her autistic boyfriend to shave off his eyebrows , have sex with the family dog and walk across dangerously-thin ice on a frozen lake - all while filming him - has been sentenced to a maximum of six years in a state juvenile detention .
the unnamed teen , who was reportedly dating the boy , received the sentence in st mary 's county , maryland on thursday after previously pleading guilty to second-degree assault and displaying an obscene photograph of a boy .
she was arrested last month with a friend , 17-year-old lauren bush , after a classmate at chopticon high school learned about the videos in which they allegedly tormented the boy .
bush has been charged as an adult with first-degree assault , false imprisonment and child-pornography solicitation .
she faces up to 80 years in prison if convicted - but her parents and lawyers are battling for her to be charged as a juvenile instead .
scroll down for video .
scene : a former student of chopticon high school in morganza , maryland has been sentenced to 6 years in a juvenile detention center for tormenting a 16-year-old autistic boy and filming it .
bush , who allegedly held a knife to the boy 's throat , is undergoing several weeks of psychological examinations at a state juvenile detention center , the washington post reported .
on thursday , before the 15-year-old was sentenced , she had asked the judge to be placed in a community-based treatment program , rather than jail .
' i just feel a not-lockdown facility is going to be best for me , ' the girl , dressed in a pink hoodie , said .
` of course you do , ' judge michael stamm responded sarcastically , the post noted .
he ignored her pleas for leniency and branded her treatment of the boy ` horrific ' .
he said she posed a danger to the community .
she will now remain at a secure juvenile facility until she is 21 - but she could be released before if authorities deem that her rehabilitation is progressing quickly , the post reported .
` cruel ' : another girl , lauren bush , 17 , also allegedly mistreated the boy and faces 80 years in prison .
the sentencing