by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
14:32 est , 13 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
17:57 est , 13 june 2012 .
` big bad wolf ' : antonio gobbato stood trial accused of sexually assaulting six ` patients ' a bogus gp who called himself the ` big bad wolf ' faces jail after he was found guilty yesterday of sexually assaulting four women .
antonio gobbato , 51 , used a cosmetic spatula to examine patients , and told one victim she was not pregnant after tweaking her nipples .
brazilian-born gobbato convinced three parents their children needed expensive and urgent medical treatment abroad , conning the families into paying for ` all expenses paid ' trips to italy .
he told one anxious father his daughter could contract leukaemia , and another mother : ` you have to go to italy next week , this boy is going to lose a kidney and it 's going to be your fault .
' calling himself an ` nhs doctor , gynaecologist , paediatrician and a psychiatrist ' , he fooled victims with his white coat , framed certificates , a stethoscope and microscope he kept in his surgery .
yesterday a jury at inner london crown court convicted him of five charges of sexual assault in respect of four patients , and three fraud charges .
judge peter grobel adjourned sentence but gobbato , of pinner , north london , is likely to face years behind bars .
his first trial had collapsed in may last year after he had what was thought to be a minor stroke .
but judge grobel later ruled he was fit to plead and stand trial , saying : ` medical experts for both the prosecution and the defence are in agreement that sadly the defendant is malingering .
' the court heard that gobbato referred to himself as the ` big bad wolf ' in messages while arranging trips to italy .
one woman paid for him to accompany her family to italy so he could treat her husband 's alcoholism .
when the husband pulled out of the trip , gobbato said her daughter should go instead for treatment of depression .
he racked up a # 726 bill for flights on her credit card , plus food , accommodation and car hire ,