united states boss jurgen klinsmann paid tribute to tim howard 's ` phenomenal ' performance as the everton goalkeeper defied belgium until extra time .
howard made 15 saves , the most by any keeper in a world cup match since 1966 according to statistics , before two goals in extra time saw belgium win 2-1 to secure a quarter-final place against argentina .
klinsmann said : ` what tim played tonight was just phenomenal , outstanding - he kept us in that game for a long time .
we are proud to have him with us .
video : scroll down to watch klinsmann : usa 's mentality needs to change .
glove affair : tim howard made more saves -lrb- 15 -rrb- than any keeper at the world cup since records began .
super saver : jurgen klinsmann praised his ` phenomenal ' keeper despite usa 's extra-time loss to belgium .
safe hands : usa keeper tim howard kept his side in the game with some important saves .
` it was an absolutely amazing match tonight and you can give him the biggest compliment in the world .
' the introduction of romelu lukaku - howard 's everton team-mate last season - made the difference , with the striker creating the opening for kevin de bruyne 's winner before scoring the second himself .
teenager julian green gave the americans hope and they had chances , but belgium just held out .
klinsmann said it was ' a bummer ' for his side to lose , but insisted his players should be proud of themselves .
he added : ` it 's a bummer for us ending on the losing side after a game of 120 minutes that gave everything to the fans , a real drama , a thriller .
video belgium leave it late again .
bum deal : jurgen klinsmann admitted it was ' a bummer ' that usa did n't get through to the quarter-finals .
soccerball !
us president barrack obama watched the game from the white house .
` we we had enough possession to equalise that game at the end , but a big compliment to belgium and congratulations to them .
` i 'm very proud of our team .
every player on the field made their country proud with this performance in this world cup .
`