on the booze : a dishevelled gazza openly carries a bottle of gin in the street before his collapse .
looking dazed and occasionally breaking into tears , a frail paul gascoigne is led to an ambulance after being found wandering the streets clutching a four-pack of lager and a bottle of gin .
the former world cup hero 's latest downward spiral ended in a hospital near his home in the expensive sandbanks area of poole , dorset , where he woke up yesterday after once more falling spectacularly off the wagon .
in the most shocking chapter yet of his long and often very public battle with alcoholism , onlookers had dialled 999 after finding him slumped tearfully against a wall with his head in his hands at around 2.30 pm on thursday .
shortly before the ambulance had whisked him away , at 3.05 pm , the former england star was seen calling a friend to plead : ` i 'm in trouble , please can you come and help me ?
' gascoigne , who looks far , far older than his 47 years , was believed last night to be in poole hospital .
he had been observed drinking in public on several occasions in preceding days , and at lunchtime on tuesday was videoed by a passer-by in what appeared to be an inebriated state , in central bournemouth .
` you could smell the booze on him .
he was hanging on me to stay up .
he was absolutely battered , ' said an onlooker .
when he was taken into care 48 hours later , he appeared to still be wearing the same t-shirt .
on his feet were a pair of blue slippers , which he 'd worn to walk to an off-licence , where he 'd purchased the alcohol and a packet of cigarettes .
gascoigne , who only months ago flexed his biceps while posing for pictures after a visit to the gym , looked weak and malnourished .
his hair was unwashed , his skin blotchy , and he seemed barely able to open his eyes .
markedly pale , a gold cross hanging from his neck and tattoos showing on his right arm , he seemed a mere shadow of the man he was even a year or two ago .
comparisons with his athletic physique