by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
13:15 est , 3 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
13:25 est , 3 january 2014 .
a trip to the optician saved a little boy 's life after an eye test revealed cancer in both his eyes .
will and georgina plant took their son , benjamin , for an appointment after noticing a ` cat 's eye ' reflection in his pupils .
the optician was so concerned she immediately phoned the local hospital to refer the one-year-old to a specialist , who later diagnosed retinoblastoma in both his eyes .
luckily the tumours were spotted early enough and benjamin is expected to survive and retain his vision .
benjamin plant was diagnosed with retinoblastoma after his parents , will and georgina , took him to the optician with a ` cat 's eye ' reflection in his eyes .
praising the optician who spotted the symptoms , mrs plant said : ` if it had n't been for her speed of action we might not be in the same position now .
` the main message i would like to give to other parents is , if you have any concerns at all , go and get your child checked out .
' mrs and mrs plant , of royal wootton bassett , wiltshire , first noticed the reflection in their son 's eyes last spring .
unbeknown to them , it is a classic sign of retinoblastoma - a fast-growing form of cancer which develops in the cells of the retina .
they took benjamin to the local branch of haine and smith in their town and were immediately referred to hospital , despite it being the may bank holiday weekend .
mr plant said : ' i asked my optometrist at haine and smith to look at benjamin 's right eye because we were concerned about an odd , cats eye reflection that we had noticed intermittently and under very specific lighting conditions and angles .
the tell-tale signs of retinoblastoma most commonly include a white reflection in the pupil often noticed in photographs or dim lighting -lrb- file picture - left eye is affected -rrb- .
` on seeing something extremely serious that needed immediate investigation , the optometrist stayed on late to prepare a referral letter , and even phoned the hospital