after the first hat-trick of his professional career , danny welbeck was on rock-solid ground as he launched into a defence of his goalscoring record .
three in the champions league for arsenal against galatasaray took his tally to six in 10 games for club and country this season , all scored from a central position , which he insists is the key to an extended run in the goals .
` nobody can really criticise my finishing because they do n't really see me playing in a forward position too often , ' said welbeck .
danny welbeck scored a hat-trick for arsenal in their 4-1 win against galatasaray on wednesday .
danny welbeck chips the on-rushing fernando muslera to complete his champions league hat-trick .
` but now i 'm getting into these positions i want to be sticking the ball in the back of the net .
` i 'm sure it 's the same with every other striker .
people can say i 've not scored enough goals , but you stick the best strikers on the wing in a four-man midfield and see if they score goals .
` if you 're getting goals and getting a run of games in your preferred position , your confidence is going to grow and performances are going to grow .
that 's something i 'm looking forward to doing , building on those performances .
danny welbeck 's hat-trick and alexis sanchez 's striker were enough for arsenal to beat galatasaray .
england manager roy hodgson watched the action from the stands at the emirates .
` maybe beforehand i was n't getting through on goal if i was coming from midfield .
it 's difficult to leave your position to go and get goalscoring opportunities , but i 'm getting into these positions much more regularly now , and i 'm looking forward to sticking the ball in the back of the net .
' former arsenal manager george graham was among those who criticised welbeck in front of goal .
` welbeck is a very willing boy , ' said graham .
` he works his socks off for the team .
he 's got to improve his finishing a lot though .
' two for england against switzerland last month was a good start and three against galatasaray on wednesday even better , but