by .
ray massey .
published : .
20:53 est , 20 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
01:53 est , 21 june 2013 .
it 's every shopper 's worst nightmare , driving around in circles looking for somewhere to park and then having to squeeze into a small gap between two other cars .
but it seems that swedish car firm volvo has finally solved that problem .
the gothenburg-based manufacturer has unveiled new self-parking valet technology that lets the car do all the work for you -- without the driver even having to be inside the car .
scroll down for video .
auto-pilot : swedish car manufacturer volvo has produced new technology that enables a car to find a parking space and park itself - without the driver even being in the car .
at the click of button : the new technology is activated using a smart phone app .
the driver gets out of the car and instructs the car to park .
easy : instead of having to squeeze their car between two other vehicles , drivers can relax and let the built in autonomous driver do all the hard work .
the technology not only finds a space for you , it drives to it and parks the car in it -- while you 're on your way to the shops or your office .
the smart , driver-less car also reacts safely and smoothly with other cars and pedestrians in the car park .
the driver simply gets out of the car and instructs it to find a space via their smart phone and it will follow their command .
like something out of knight rider , when the driver returns to the vehicle they simply use their smart phone again to alert the system , and it will start the engine and come right to the driver of its own accord .
volvo 's ingenious autonomous parking system will undergo public trials next week .
safe : the new technology uses sensors so that it is able to see when pedestrians are walking in its vicinity and stops to let them walk by .
clever : the car will even spot when another car is vacating a space and nip into it .
perfect parking : the car 's sensors enable it to park perfectly in the centre