by .
ryan lipman .
sam newman has issued an apology - of sorts - after being reprimanded by channel 9 for exposing himself on national television on thursday night .
the incident took place during a segment of the afl footy show in which newman was wheeled into the studio on a hospital bed wearing pyjamas .
as he tried to get off the bed he exposed his genitals - he claims unintentionally .
speaking on triple m 's the grill team early on friday , newman said he would n't apologise for the incident and did n't think it was overly offensive .
' i was n't aware that anything untoward had happened and um ... so i 'm not sure what i 've apologised for but um ... in fact , i 'm not apologising , ' the geelong forward-turned-tv-celebrity said .
but a few hours later he did and about turn and revealed he had been admonished by bosses at the network .
scroll down for video .
sam newman exposed himself live on afl footy show on thursday night .
outraged : viewers took to twitter to express their anger at the incident .
many viewers said they did not believe it was acceptable behaviour for tv .
majority of people tweeting about newman exposing himself found it offensive .
2014 - newman accused of homophobia when he calls gay nfl draftee michael sam kissing his boyfriend an ` annoyingly gratuitous act ' 2010 - newman hits a golf ball off uluru and is criticised for disrespecting traditional owners2009 - newman suggests a malaysian man is ` not long out of the forest ' .
the media watchdog rules newman was likely to have provoked severe ridicule on the basis of the man 's colour and race2008 - newman attempts to mock fairfax journalist caroline wilson , putting a photo of her face to a lingerie-wearing mannequin2008 - newman criticised after appearing to slur tasmanian politician paula wriedt , saying ` we could n't get her on , could we ?
... ' 2008 - channel nine settles a defamation claim brought by a western bulldogs board member after newman calls her a liar and a hypocrite on air .
the comments cost $ 220,000 plus costs2001 - newman 's genitals appear on national tv after he is dacked by shane crawford1999 - newman dons