by .
jill reilly .
published : .
14:32 est , 27 july 2012 .
| .
updated : .
18:01 est , 27 july 2012 .
it has been billed as the greatest show on earth and the audience inside the olympic stadium were treated to a high-tech extravaganza .
organisers had installed 70,799 tiny panels between the spectators ' seats , which produced amazingly complex images and visual effects .
audience members at the olympic stadium .
in east london were all handed 3d glasses as well .
new look : three young people in the crowd try out their 3d glasses at the opening ceremony at the olympic stadium .
trying it out : acting indian olympic association president vijay kumar malhotra -lrb- right -rrb- and guest gurmit singh of india try on their glasses as they sit in the vip box .
british weather : as the rain began spectators covered the heads with make-shift covers .
but apparently the 3d glasses were just a novelty prop and were not actually necessary for the audience .
hundreds of people in the audience took to their twitter pages to express their amusement .
user stephen hul tweeted : ` i 've had some .
odd nights out , but sitting in this stadium with sheep , cows , geese and .
3d glasses is the best natural high i 've ever had .
' another user luke dufficy wrote : ` we have been given 3d glasses ... interested to see what it 's for !
' christina brown tweeted ' 3d glasses on .
hope this is going to be amazing .
' worldwide event : as ticketholders took to their seats inside the stadium , they were greeted by the sight of the imposing olympic bell and england 's ` green and pleasant land ' build up : actors take their places before the start of the extravagant ceremony .
famous faces : inside the stadium will be hundreds of high-profile guests including michelle obama , david cameron and the royal family , as well as hundreds of foreign officials and celebrities .
anticipation : thousands of spectators took to their seats to watch the spectacular show .
inside the stadium will be hundreds of .
high-profile guests who could be wearing the glasses include michelle .
obama , david cameron and the royal family