by .
sophie jane evans .
with her twinkling eyes and beaming smile , it is hard to believe her majesty will mark her 88th birthday tomorrow .
this portrait of the queen , taken by celebrated british photographer david bailey cbe , was released today ahead of the occasion .
it shows the monarch smiling at the camera - while donning a pearl necklace , earrings and a brooch .
` kind eyes ' : this portrait of the queen , taken by celebrated british photographer david bailey , was released today ahead of her 88th birthday .
it shows the monarch beaming at the camera in pearl jewellery and a dress .
her jewellery is accompanied by a simple dress by angela kelly , who has served as the queen 's personal assistant and senior dresser .
since 2002 .
the black-and-white photograph was taken at buckingham palace in march and commissioned on behalf of the government 's great britain campaign .
it was captured by 76-year-old bailey , who has been photographing celebrities , royals and other famous people for more than 50 years .
a buckingham palace spokesman said : ` bailey 's name was suggested by number 10 and the great campaign and the queen agreed .
all smiles : dressed in blue , the queen attends the easter service at st george 's chapel , windsor castle , today .
arrival : her majesty , who was accompanied by her husband , prince philip , marks her 88th birthday tomorrow .
` the queen agreed to sit for it in recognition of the work of the great campaign .
' bailey , whose previous subjects have included diana , princess of wales , the beatles , sir mick jagger and model kate moss , said he had always been a ` huge fan ' of the queen .
` she has very kind eyes with a mischievous glint , ' he said .
` i 've .
always liked strong women and she is a very strong woman .
' acclaimed : the queen 's latest portrait was captured by 76-year-old bailey , who has been photographing celebrities , royals and others for more than 50 years .
the great britain campaign aims to generate jobs and .
growth through highlighting the uk as a world-class destination for .
trade , tourism , investment