by .
victoria woollaston .
updated : .
08:57 est , 29 november 2013 .
it may sound like something out of science fiction but a japanese firm plans to cover the moon in a huge swathe of solar panels and use them to power homes here on earth .
shimizu corporation 's luna ring project would stretch almost 6,790 miles around the moon 's equator and a field of solar panels would form a belt 250 miles wide .
energy captured by these panels would then be sent to earth using microwaves and laser lights could be beamed directly to countries where it is needed .
shimizu corporation plans to install a 250-mile-wide field of solar panels on the moon 's equator -lrb- concept image pictured -rrb- .
energy from these panels would be sent to earth using microwaves and laser lights and the company claims the system would be an ` almost inexhaustible ' source of power .
according to the plans , the project would produce around 13,000 terawatts of continuous solar energy .
the company claims the plans would not only provide an ` almost inexhaustible ' energy supply , it would stop the rise of global warming caused by carbon dioxide from current energy sources .
the quest for finding alternate sources was hastened in japan in the wake of the fukushima nuclear power station crisis in 2011 .
up until that point the country relied heavily on nuclear energy and the crisis , sparked by the tsunami in march of that year , highlighted how vulnerable and volatile it is as a source .
shimizu corporation has n't yet announced a timeline for the project but it would result in the biggest public infrastructure installation ever constructed .
this graphic explains shimizu corporation 's master plan for its luna ring scheme .
according to the plans , the project would produce around 13,000 terawatts of continuous solar energy which could be sent directly to countries when needed .
however , shimizu corporation said on its website : ' a shift from economical use of limited resources to the unlimited use of clean energy is the ultimate dream of all mankind .
` the luna ring , our lunar solar power generation concept , .
translates this dream into reality through ingenious ideas coupled with .
advanced space technologies .
` virtually inexhaustible , non-polluting