wildlife photographer manoj shah took these amazing pictures of the action of the female cheetah , known as malaika , attempting a hunt .
the big cat had spotted the wildebeest from her cheeky vantage point , perched atop a tourist safari vehicle .
just minutes later , she jumped off the truck and launched into her attack in kenya 's masai mara .
wildlife photographer manoj shah took these amazing pictures of the action of the female cheetah , known as malaika , attempting a hunt .
from her cheeky vantage point , perched atop a safari vehicle , malaika spotted the wildebeest in the long grass plains .
manoj said he first noticed the cheetah scanning the bush as he drove up to the site - and knew that she was about to hunt .
` driving towards the vehicle , i noticed a female cheetah , popularly known malaika - meaning ` angel ' in the local kiswahili language - looking intently at the line of wildebeest running across the savannah plains , ' he explained .
` in places where the grass was tall and ant hills were absent , malaika cleverly used a tourist vehicle as a vantage point .
manoj first noticed the cheetah scanning the bush as he drove towards the site - and he knew that she was about to hunt .
with her powerful eyesight , she spotted a young wildebeest following its mother - and immediately jumped from the vehicle in its direction .
` thus she was able to scan vast areas of the mara with her powerful eyesight .
` suddenly her eyes gleamed upon noticing a wildebeest youngster closely following its mother .
` malaika spotted her target , immediately jumped down from the vehicle and hurried through the long grass in the direction of her prey .
` she broke into a fast run when about 70 metres away from her target .
' malaika broke into a fast run about 70 metres from her target , confusing the wildebeest who was then separated from its mother .
once she caught up to her target , the cheetah used its front paw -lrb- and razor sharp dew claw -rrb- to grab hold of the wildebeest .
the young wildebeest became confused and was quickly separated from its mother .
he took off , running for his