it is one of the most eagerly anticipated tv series of 2015 , promising a nostalgic trip back to the final heady days of the raj .
indian summers , which has already been dubbed the ` indian downton ' , is a lavish # 14m production starring veteran actress julie walters and set in the glorious foothills of the indian himalayas .
now , one travel firm is capitalising on the hype by offering a bespoke tour of the locations the series is based on and inspired by .
julie walters stars in chanel 4 's new period drama indian summers based on the final days of the raj .
jemima west , left , and olivia grant , right , star in the most expensive production channel 4 's history .
guests will be able to enjoy the spectacular sights of connaught place in delhi .
ampersand travel 's 14 day indian summers tour , which costs # 2,895 per person , takes in opulent colonial-era hotels , sprawling tea plantations , bustling cities as well as some of india 's most stunning landscapes .
the first episode of the 10 part series , the most expensive in chanel 4 's history , will air on sunday february 15th at 9pm .
day 1 - 3 : delhi - sightseeing , shopping in connaught place .
staying at the imperial hotel .
day 4 : himalayan queen unesco train to shimla .
check into wildflower hall .
day 5 - 6 : sightseeing in shimla -lrb- 45 mins drive to town -rrb- guided forest walks staying at wildflower hall .
day 7 : private car transfer to chandigarh -lrb- 4.5 hrs -rrb- .
fly to calculta -lrb- kolkata -rrb- .
day 8 - 9 : guided tours and sightseeing in calcutta staying at the oberoi grand hotel .
day 10 : fly to bagdogra .
private car transfer to darjeeling -lrb- 3.5 hrs -rrb- .
day 11 - 12 : glenburn tea estate - glenburn afternoon high tea at windamere hotel .
personal tour of the tea estate and factory , and a tea tasting session .
day 13 : private car transfer to bagdogra .
fly to delhi .
check into the oberoi maidens , built in the early 1900s .
day 14 : return home .
it is set in shimla , a himalayan hill station