a 20-year-old texas man who was convicted of raping of a teenage schoolmate but sentenced to only five years ' probation must also undergo the standard probationary conditions , including evaluation for sex offender treatment , a dallas district court judge ruled thursday .
sir young pleaded guilty to the attack on a 14-year-old girl at a dallas high school in 2011 .
judge jeanine howard , who sentenced young last week , did not impose the standard probationary conditions .
she said he was ` not your typical sex offender ' and questioned whether the girl had embellished her story .
he was ordered to spend 45 days in jail .
a district court judge has reversed a previous order and imposed a series of probationary requirements for sir young -lrb- pictured in court on thursday -rrb- .
the sentence and the judge 's comments sparked outrage and howard recused herself from the case .
on thursday , judge carter thompson imposed all of the standard terms of probation , meaning young may not have any contact with children , must be evaluated for sex offender treatment and must stay away from pornography .
thompson told young that he must adhere to the probation measures .
` your previous court gave you a second chance , do n't expect a third chance from this court , ' he said .
thompson made ` in our estimation the right ruling , he did the right thing , ' dallas district attorney craig watkins said after the ruling .
dallas judge jeanine howard -lrb- pictured -rrb- has stepped away from a rape case after sparking outrage by saying the 14-year-old victim ` was n't the victim she claimed to be ' sir young , 20 , pictured as he is led into court before a hearing in dallas thursday , may 8 .
watkins ' office had asked thompson to tighten the probation conditions .
young 's attorney , scottie allen , said he and his client were disappointed by thursday 's ruling .
judge jeanine howard caused further outrage after the light sentence , by telling the dallas morning news : ` she was n't the victim she claimed to be .
he is not your typical sex offender .
` there are rape cases that deserve life .
there are rape cases that deserve 20 years .
` every