by .
helen pow and associated press .
published : .
12:04 est , 19 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:10 est , 19 january 2013 .
first lady michelle obama took her new bangs for a second outing today as she and the president rolled up his sleeves to help paint bookshelves at a run-down washington school to mark a national day of service .
chelsea clinton helped kick off president obama 's three-day inauguration celebration , urging people , at a summit on the national mall , to participate in volunteer projects , adding that there 's a chain of service that links generations of americans from all across the country .
mr and mrs obama , and their daughters malia and sasha , joined 500 volunteers to spruce up burrville elementary school while vice president joe biden , his wife , .
jill , and others members of his family also gave up their time to .
help others .
all smiles : first lady michelle obama jokes with other volunteers as she paints a bookshelf .
the 70-year-old spent the morning filling care packages for u.s. troops .
serving overseas , veterans and first responders at a unite america in service event where he charmed other volunteers , one of whom got a kiss on the hand .
speaking at the summit , clinton said she was inspired by the volunteer work of her .
grandmother , dorothy rodham , who began as a child volunteer teaching .
migrant workers english and kept up her volunteer efforts for her entire .
life .
she said americans should ask themselves : ` what are you doing for others .
' ` in my family , the only wrong answer to that question is nothing , ' she told the crowd .
giving back : at today 's summit , a videotaped message of michelle obama , pictured right , said the volunteers gathered were ` showing once again that by giving back , we can lift up our fellow citizens and build stronger , healthier communities ' rolling up his sleeves : the president , pictured , and his family were helping out at burrville elementary school in washington today .
first family : the first family participated in the community service project for the national day of service , part of the 57th