the on-off girlfriend of kim kardashian 's infamous sex tape partner ray j has been arrested for allegedly ` beating him to a bloody pulp ' .
tmz reports that princess love attacked her 34-year-old partner last wednesday morning around 3am in new orleans after waiting for him to return to his hotel from a strip club .
ray j reportedly told police that princess went ` ballistic ' before cracking several of his ribs , busting his lip open , and tearing a ligament in his knee .
scroll down for video .
threat : princess love , pictured with ray j back in september , apparently beat the rapper ` to a pulp ' after he spent the night at a new orleans strip club last wednesday .
someone staying at the w french quarter hotel also apparently heard princess scream : ` i 'm gon na kill you .
' a security guard at the complex then saw ray j bleeding and called 911 , according to tmz .
police confirmed to mailonline that princess was charged with domestic abuse and battery .
putting their argument to one side , ray j apparently bailed his girlfriend out and paid $ 10,000 for her lawyer .
despite the severity of the reports , in recent instagram photographs ray does not appear to show any sign of injury .
his face is not bruised and his lips are not cut .
scene of the crime : someone staying at the w french quarter hotel also told tmz that they heard princess scream : ` i 'm gon na kill you ' before the alleged attack .
were they engaged ?
ray , of course , is best known for his relationship with kim kardashian during which they filmed their notorious infamous sex tape which was leaked in 2007 -lrb- here the couple are pictured in 2006 -rrb- .
ray j , of course , is best known for his relationship with kim kardashian during which they filmed their notorious infamous sex tape which was leaked in 2007 .
kardashian filed a lawsuit against vivid entertainment , who distributed the film as kim k superstar .
she then dropped the suit and settled for $ 5 million .
ray - real name william ray norwood jr - and his love & hop hop hollywood star girlfriend have had something of