by .
ryan gorman .
published : .
13:10 est , 5 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:25 est , 5 november 2013 .
tesla 's model s is becoming the ` it ' car among the u.s. jet set .
the elon musk-designed electric car is now the most-registered car in eight of the states ' 25 wealthiest zip codes , beating out a host of luxury car makers long associated with the lifestyle of the rich and famous .
though the battery-powered roadster has surpassed all other cars in many neighborhoods , but all are in california , according to edmunds .
very popular : a row of tesla motors model s electric sedans are shown last week near san francisco .
atherton , ca -lrb- 1st overall -rrb- - 15.4 per cent .
los altos hills , ca -lrb- 2nd overall -rrb- - 11.9 per cent .
portola valley , ca -lrb- 9th overall -rrb- - 11.2 per cent .
los altos hills , ca -lrb- 14th overall -rrb- - 9.3 per cent .
montecito , ca -lrb- 17th overall -rrb- - 3.4 per cent .
newport coast , ca -lrb- 18th overall -rrb- - 2.8 per cent .
monte sereno , ca -lrb- 22nd overall -rrb- - 6.5 per cent .
woodside , ca -lrb- 23rd overall -rrb- - 5.7 per cent .
the futuristic car enjoys shocking double-digit market share in some california communities , according to a detailed breakdown on the site .
more than 15 per cent of all cars registered in atherton , by far the country 's wealthiest zip code with median home prices well north of $ 6million , are teslas .
los altos hills , comes in second with 11.9 per cent of registered cars bearing the tesla name , and is followed by portola valley 's 11.2 per cent .
most california towns racing to buy the model s are in and around tesla 's palo alto headquarters , edmunds noted .
visionary : tesla motors inc ceo elon musk 's bet on the future is slowly beginning to pay off , as more and more people buy his revolutionary model s roadster .
the only non-golden state zip codes reflecting at least a 1 per cent market share for tesla are hamptons hot spot water mill , at 1.5 per cent , and manhattan