by .
sarah griffiths .
published : .
07:10 est , 15 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:58 est , 15 october 2013 .
people across the world watched in awe - and horror - as daredevil felix baumgartner became the first freefall diver to break the sound barrier after jumping from a balloon 24.5 miles above the earth .
` fearless felix ' reached speeds of up to 834 mph before his parachute opened and he landed back on solid ground five minutes later to have completed the highest and fastest skydive in history , one year ago yesterday .
to celebrate the anniversary of the incredible feat , red bull has released a video showing multiple views of the jump all at once , including data that lends some perspective to just how fast mr baumgartner was plummeting towards our planet .
scroll down for video .
to celebrate a year and a day since felix baumgartner reached speeds of up to 834 mph and completed the highest and fastest skydive in history , red bull has released a video showing multiple views of including data that lends some perspective to just how fast mr baumgartner was plummeting towards our planet .
the video of the red bull stratos jump contains data about the skydive including air speed , g-force , altitude and heart rate .
mr baumgartner made his death-defying jump from a tiny capsule that took him up to the edge of space , which took him two-and-a-half hours to travel 128,177 ft above the new mexico desert - and less than ten minutes to land .
he landed on his feet despite moments during the descent that had silenced his mission control as he appeared to lose control and plunge into a head-over-heels spin .
people across the world watched in awe and horror as dare devil felix baumgartner became the first freefall diver to break the sound barrier after jumping from a balloon 24.5 miles above the earth .
the video of the redbull stratos jump , pictured , contains data about the skydive including air speed , g-force , altitude and heart rate .
people who watched footage of the jump last year will remember how the daredevil fell to his knees and punched the air in triumph as the control room , packed with scientific experts and family including