the controversial prosecution of an nhs doctor over female genital mutilation was justified , a liberal democrat minister has claimed .
home office minister lynne featherstone said the ` shock waves ' the case created would serve as a warning to others about the dangers associated with treating victims .
she was speaking after dhanuson dharmasena , 32 , was acquitted in less than 25 minutes of carrying out fgm on a young woman at whittington hospital in north london in 2012 .
lynne featherstone said it was right to put dhanuson dharmasena on trial - even though he was acquitted in less than 25 minutes of carrying out fgm on a young woman at whittington hospital in north london in 2012 .
he was accused of illegally stitching the woman after she had given birth -- re-doing the fgm she had as a six year-old in somalia .
but a jury swiftly found him not guilty after hearing he put in a single stitch to stop her bleeding .
another man , hasan mohamed , 41 , was also cleared of abetting the offence .
dr danuson dharmasena was cleared of carrying out female genital mutilation .
the crown prosecution service and the director of public prosecutions , alison saunders , have been forced to defend their actions amid accusations of running a ` show trial ' which risked diverting attention from genuine victims of the crime .
doctors and lawyers said the ` insulting ' prosecution had also risked making other doctors fearful of treating fgm victims .
but yesterday , miss featherstone , the lib dem mp for hornsey and wood green , in north london , said it was right to put dr dharmasena on trial .
` whatever the outcome of that case , the shock waves sent through the medical profession when the arrest was announced , hopefully will be very significant in making everyone in the frontline think , what am i doing ?
do i know about this ?
' she said .
miss featherstone , speaking at a zero tolerance to fgm summit in central london yesterday , added : ' i would ask health professionals to remember that is who they are protecting .
these girls who have no voice , no choice and no control in their lives .
' keith vaz mp has warned that the ` unfortunate