team mates of alex duncan , a wingsuit diver who died last week , have released exquisite images of the professional diver doing what he loved in a bid to honour him .
duncan died after a failed flight in the swiss alps , when his dive went off track and he hit the rocks of a mountain 300 meters below the peak .
tributes to the 26-year-old diver , from manly on sydney 's northern beaches , have been streaming in over social media since the news of the his death broke .
the 26-year-old had been involved in extreme sports since he was a teenager .
duncan was a member of wingsuit diving team turbolenza .
duncan doing what he did best : wingsuit diving .
friends and fans alike have poured out grief and consolation to duncan 's family , and have praised him for his life and legacy .
one facebook user wrote , ` fly free brother .
' now his colleagues have spoken out about the adventurous and passionate wingsuit diver , honouring his career with beautiful photographs .
duncan was a professional athlete and member of wingsuit diving sports team turbolenza , who have expressed their grief over the loss of duncan and their admiration for his dedication to the sport he loved .
pictures from turbolenza honouring the memory of duncan .
duncan was an adventurous and passionate member of the turbolenza team .
duncan had done over 500 base jumps in the past five years .
a post on the team 's facebook page said ' a heart full of passion for flying .
a soul full of light and courage .
thank you for being so inspiring alex duncan -lrb- 1988-2014 -rrb- .
we will miss you .
' the team stated ` our dear friend and team mate flew away doing what he was loving most .
thank you alex for all your smiles , your talent , your amazing personality , your inspiring way to live your life and much more .
' turbolenza have just released an album featuring duncan in his element and doing what he was most passionate about .
alex duncan showing off the amazing view he enjoyed from on high .
the official picture of alex duncan as a turbolenza pro wingsuit basejumper .
the manly based man had a love for all