by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
11:07 est , 13 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:02 est , 13 september 2013 .
a devastating blaze at a russian psychiatric home which killed 37 was sparked by a patient , according to initial reports .
the fire swept through the mostly wooden building dating to the 19th century early this morning , officials said .
the investigative committee did not explain how it confirmed the other deaths , but added that the blaze was apparently inadvertently sparked by a .
patient .
warning : graphic content .
devastation : smoking debris is all that 's left of a psychiatric hospital destroyed by fire in the novgorod region town of luka .
horror : firefighters carry a bag with a victim 's body from the debris of the psychiatric facility destroyed by fire in the village of luka in malovisherski district of novgorod region in russia .
however , the hospital 's chief doctor insisted the fire was a .
deliberate arson .
state .
rossiya 24 television reported that a witness said a smoking patient .
caused the fire .
it said a nurse tried to put out the flames with a .
blanket but they spread quickly .
the 44-year old nurse , who was married .
and had four children , died in the fire while trying to rescue the .
patients , it reported .
the fire in the one-story hospital in the .
village of luka , about 450 kilometers -lrb- 280 miles -rrb- northwest of moscow , .
erupted around 3 a.m. and quickly engulfed the structure , the emergency .
situations ministry said .
it has been claimed authorities had long warned that the structure was unsafe .
this .
is the second such deadly blaze in less than five months , underlining .
the widespread neglect of fire safety standards in russia .
the ministry said rescuers so far have recovered 26 bodies .
harrowing : rescuers take away a body bag with a victim of a pre-dawn fire from the charred remains of the burned out psychiatric hospital in the village of luka in the northwest russian novgorod region , 137 miles southeast of saint petersburg .
the man who started the fire was .
saved , rossiya 24 reported .
however , husein magomedov , the