by .
ryan gorman .
published : .
14:02 est , 11 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:24 est , 11 august 2013 .
victor conte , of all people , is now helping major league baseball in its fight against alex rodriguez .
a-rod sought the steroid guru last year in a hush-hush meeting set up by a former steroid-using football star , according to a report in sunday 's new york daily news .
in addition to speaking with the yankees third baseman , conte said he also spoke several times with anthony bosch , a key figure in the biogenesis steroid scandal .
rodriguez told conte that bosch was his ` nutrition guy , ' according to the report .
turncoat : victor conte went from being a notorious ped peddler to being an anti-ped advocate .
conte infamously served four months in prison for heading a massive doping ring that involved professional athletes across multiple sports and gold medal olympians out of his balco offices in san francisco .
conte admitted supplying steroids to a litany of big name stars such as home run king barry bonds , former yankees first baseman jason giambi , gold medal sprinter marion jones and former nfl linebacker bill romanowski , among others .
the ex-con spilled all the details on his dealings with a-rod during a meeting last week with investigators .
romanowski , a prolific steroid user during his time with the oakland raiders and denver broncos , brought rodriguez uninvited to conte 's office in may 2012 when the yankees were in town for a series against the oakland a 's , the daily news reported .
the aging slugger met with the steroid guru to discuss ` legal products that could give rodriguez an edge , ' the paper reported conte told investigators .
after the meeting conte is said to have dealt with bosch , the accused ringleader of the biogensis steroid ring that has resulted in mlb commissioner bud selig handing down a total of 15 ped suspensions .
pumped up : bill romanowski , who organized the meeting between conte and a-rod , was a notorious steroid user during his nfl career .
` i flushed it out with romo before they ever showed up at the office , ' conte said .
` i clearly told romo it -lrb-