by .
ian fletcher .
published : .
13:07 est , 29 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
20:37 est , 29 january 2013 .
far from being lonely at the top , people with power are happier than those without it , researchers have found .
wielding power brings contentment and leads people to believe that they can be true to themselves .
researchers conducted experiments to find out if holding a position of authority enhanced well-being through an increased feeling of authenticity .
lonely at the top ?
researchers found powerful employees were 26 per cent more satisfied in their job than their powerless colleagues and power can actually make people happier .
yona kifer , of tel aviv university in .
israel , and colleagues predicted that because the powerful can ` navigate .
their lives in congruence with their internal desires and .
inclinations ' , they feel as if they are acting more authentically -- more .
like ` themselves ' -- and are therefore more content .
their findings -- published in .
psychological science , a journal of the association for psychological .
science -- revealed that those who felt powerful at work , among friends , .
or in romantic relationships were 16 per cent more satisfied with their .
lives than the least powerful among the 350 participants who took part .
in the survey .
the effect was most pronounced in the .
workplace , with powerful employees 26 per cent more satisfied with their .
jobs than powerless colleagues .
according to the research bill gates , left , and barack obama , right , who were named in forbes list of world 's most powerful people top four , will be happier because they can make decisions based on their own beliefs .
the happiness discrepancy was less .
pronounced for friendships and relationships because , said the .
researchers , friendships are associated with a sense of community rather .
than hierarchy , and having power in such situations is less important .
in other experiments , the team .
examined the relationship between power , feelings of authenticity , and .
general well-being , by manipulating each factor independently .
the results revealed that being in a .
position of power leads people to feel more authentic and ` true to .
themselves '