anything to declare .
by john frost .
-lrb- constable # 8.99 -rrb- .
stopped by customs officers , oscar wilde notoriously said he had nothing to declare but his genius .
other passengers , as jon frost hilariously recounts , try to sneak through the red and green channels considerably more heavily laden .
john frost says he ` would n't trust a nun with a crutch ' -lrb- stock image -rrb- .
during his long career as a customs specialist at london airports , frost has had ` to politely listen to people lying through their teeth at you ' as they attempt to smuggle in snakes , bush meat -lrb- zebra , lion , gorilla -rrb- , combs that double as flick-knives , a monkey sewn into the lining of a coat , another monkey ` disguised as a hairy child ' , corpses ` propped up in a wheelchair wearing wonky sunglasses ' and a box of dry ice containing a man 's buttock , apparently sliced off by a samurai sword .
hospitals were put on the alert to look out for ` anyone who had trouble sitting down ' .
as they riffle through travellers ' bags , frost and his team frequently detect drugs : socks impregnated with heroin , cannabis resin in shoes , soup cans or barrels of bitumen .
drugs are often hidden in hollowed-out disposable lighters , aa batteries that unscrew to reveal a stash inside and shaving cream aerosols cleverly made to still squirt real foam out of the top .
once , frost found a pack of 12 brightly coloured lipsticks , ` where every lipstick was actually moulded from cocaine paste .
very clever ' .
the cardboard lining of suitcases or sports bags , originating in amsterdam , often contained 20 compressed sheets of lsd tabs , worth # 10,000 on the street .
to deter the customs inspections , smugglers sometimes litter their luggage with hypodermic needles or razor blades .
what frost looks out for are people whose passports show frequent trips being made to drug-source countries .
flights paid for in bundles of cash can be suspicious .
also do n't stroll around too flashily dressed : ` it is better to look scruffily right than too smartly wrong , ' he says .
it 's amazing how many drug-dealers try to