by .
thomas burrows for mailonline .
a mixed martial arts fighter called ` war machine ' has been arrested on suspicion of beating his former girlfriend so severely she feared for her life .
the 32-year-old fighter , whose real name is jon koppenhaver , was captured in the los angeles suburb of simi valley on friday , august 15 .
he was reportedly found sitting in an extended stay america hotel room with a pizza and a small amount of cash .
he has since been inside ventura county jail , where he awaits extradition to nevada .
scroll down for video .
mixed martial arts fighter , ` war machine ' , whose real name is jon koppenhaver , has been arrested on suspicion of beating his former girlfriend , christy mack , so severely she thought she might die .
ms mack , 23 , says that attack left her with 18 broken bones around her eyes , a nose broken in two places , and hair sawed off by a knife .
the 32-year-old fighter was captured in the los angeles suburb of simi valley on friday , august 15 .
the mma fighter is accused of beating his ex-girlfriend christy macky so badly on august 8 that she told police in las vegas she thought she might die .
ms mack , 23 , told police that the ` war machine ' showed up unannounced at her house where she and friend , corey thomas , were sleeping .
she said koppenhaver began beating thomas , before sending him away with the threat that he would have friends kill him if he reported the assault .
ms mack told las vegas police that the fighter then turned his attention to her and started attacking her , as he scrolled through her text messages .
according to police reports , koppenhaver punched and kicked mack and she was treated for extensive facial bruises , fractures , lost teeth and internal injuries , including a lacerated liver .
ms mack , an adult film actor , said she escaped , naked , out of a back door when the fighter went to the kitchen , where she thought he was fetching a knife .
according to police reports , koppenhaver punched and kicked mack and she was treated for extensive facial bruises , fractures , lost