by .
steve robson .
published : .
13:02 est , 28 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:17 est , 28 march 2013 .
somewhere in a galaxy far , far away ... scientists believe they have captured the first image of a planet orbiting two suns .
a team of french astronomers believe the snappily-named 2mass0103 -lrb- ab -rrb- b - could be a ` tattoine ' world just like the fictional home of luke skywalker in the star wars films .
the image , captured by telescopes at the european southern observatory in chile , shows a large object orbiting binary stars .
discovery : the binary stars appear to have a large object orbiting them -lrb- the circle and green arrow demonstrate the planets movement between 2002 and 2012 -rrb- .
however , it is so massive that researchers are not sure yet if it is a failed star or an enormous planet .
they say deciding its identity could teach us more about how stars and planets form .
the arid , lawless landscape of tattoine was the setting for some of the most famous scenes in the star wars films .
planets orbiting binary stars have been seen before , but only through indirect methods .
philippe delorme of the joseph fourier university in grenoble , france , and colleagues took the picture in november last year .
after searching the telescopes archives they discovered the large object had moved considerably between 2002 and 2012 .
they believe it is orbiting the dual suns at a distance of about 12.5 billion kilometres .
this would be close enough for it to have been born from a disc of the dust surrounding them , as a planet would .
iconic : in the star wars films , luke skywalker lives on a fictional planet with two suns called tatooine .
but it is 12 to 14 times the mass of jupiter , placing it near the dividing line between planets and failed stars called brown dwarfs .
` it 's either one of the most massive planets you can form or the lowest-mass star you can imagine , ' delorme told new scientist .
delorme added that the current mass-based dividing line between planets and failed stars ` is more of a working definition , as it is easier to measure the mass