by .
jenny awford for mailonline .
it has swept the globe dominating social media and now the ice bucket challenge has reached the animated realm - with a shirtless homer simpson taking the plunge .
producers of the simpsons have released a clip of the loveable character being doused in icy water before the stunt spectacularly backfires .
homer nominates ned flanders , drinking buddy lenny and real estate mogul donald trump before trying to take the easy way out by pouring a small glass of icy water over his head .
scroll down for video .
homer simpson is the latest in a line of celebrities to take the plunge in the ice bucket challenge .
but a curtain of water then knocks him to the ground , quickly followed by penguins , a polar bear , ice hockey players , a yeti and an ice cream truck .
no prizes for guessing who is responsible .
a pan upwards reveals bart cackling in a helicopter having just dropped the load on his father .
` fight als ' , homer says to the camera before passing out .
the ice bucket challenge began in late july when former boston baseball player and als sufferer pete frates dared his friends to perform the task to raise awareness .
it subsequently went viral , with millions of challenge videos posted to social media accounts and a sharp rise in donations .
many celebrities including robert downey jr , oprah winfrey , tom cruise , patrick stewart , jennifer lopez , will smith and george w. bush have now taken part .
homer nominates ned flanders , lenny and donald trump before pouring a small glass of water over his head .
d'oh !
but he is taken by surprise when a polar bear , ice hockey players , penguins and a yeti fall on him .
why you little : a pan upwards reveals bart cackling in a helicopter having just dropped the load on his father .
everyone who takes the challenge makes a donation to the als -lrb- amyotrophic lateral sclerosis -rrb- foundation , which heads the fight against lou gehrig 's .
amyotrophic lateral sclerosis is a progressive neurodegenerative disease that affects nerve cells in the brain and the spinal cord .
the progressive degeneration of the motor neurons in als eventually leads to their death