thought dressing up was for children ?
think again .
an entertaining new book on cosplay - short for ` costume play ' - collates pictures of hundreds of adults fans dressed up as their favourite fictional characters .
having started as a small curiosity in japan , cosplay is now a global phenomenon , fuelled by the internet .
one wonder woman outfit features chrome cuffs , sparkling spandex , and a metal belt and ` w ' on the bust ; an almost futuristic version of the iconic superheroine .
scroll down for video .
this wonder woman outfit features chrome cuffs , sparkling spandex , and a metal belt and ` w ' on the bust , pictured - marian riveraas wonder woman © jaytablante .
meagan marie as daenerys targaryen from game of thrones .
photograph : anna fischer/cosplay world .
as well as cutting-edge suits engineered using space-age materials , stunning photography and unbelievable lookalikes , cosplay world features hundreds of fascinating images tracking the dressing-up subculture from its beginnings a century ago .
the tome is filled with striking pictures of costume play from around the world for a definitive look at the global phenomenon .
shawn phorsson dressed up as spartan from the video game halo .
the book features cutting-edge suits engineered using space-age materials and stunning photography , danny kelleyas superman photograph : andrew michael phillips .
images show fancy dress inspired by anime , films , games , manga , tv and books , left - chaka cumberbatch as captain america , right - natalia voroninsky as empress himiko from the video game atlantica online .
giorgia as maleficent from disney 's animated film sleeping beauty .
cosplay has grown into a celebrated art form in the digital age , one that has spawned its own communities , magazines , shops , tv shows and books .
this in-depth look into the world of fancy dress includes interviews with the stars of the subculture , such as yaya han , crystal graziano and spiral cats , as well as skilled photographers and prop builders .
omi gibson as toko from the video game super galdelic hour .
photograph : ryohei takanashi/cosplay world .
the tome is filled with striking pictures of costume play from around the world , yaya han as camilla from the anime film vampire hunter d :