labour peer lord mandelson has taken up a controversial role as an adviser for energy giant bp .
former business secretary lord mandelson has taken up a controversial role advising energy giant bp just months after criticising ed miliband 's plans to cap gas and electricity bills .
the labour peer , who has resisted calls to reveal the names of clients of his global counsel advisory firm , is providing advice to bp , the oil major confirmed last night .
mandleson , who was twice forced to quit the cabinet , has followed in tony blair 's footsteps by setting himself up as an international ` consultant ' .
in 2012 the house of lords passed new regulations that required peers to set out who they advised to avoid conflicts of interest but the former eu commissioner has managed to exploit a loophole in the new rules that were intended to force peers to reveal their business clients .
but bp told the mail last night : ` global counsel have done some work for bp , for instance on the southern corridor -lrb- the gas line project from the caspian -rrb- .
' the development will raise eyebrows as in september last year labour mp tom watson demanded the peer reveal his connections after mandleson waded into the debate on energy bills .
the labour mp said miliband 's plan to cap gas and electricity bills could undo much of the work he and blair had undertaken on the party 's industrial policy .
watson said at the time : ` lord mandelson has become a lobbyist now and if he wants to pass comment , he can .
` but he also sits in the house of lords and he needs to come clean about where his interests lie .
' global counsel said , at the time , it does not provide services to energy companies that would be affected by labour 's new policy .
bp has been struggling to turn itself around after the oil spill at deepwater horizon in america .
mandleson is not thought to be giving advice connected to that crisis , but offering his views on european regulation .
in september last year labour mp tom watson -lrb- pictured -rrb- demanded mandelson reveal his connections after he waded into the debate on energy bills .
mandelson is chairman of