by .
mark duell and emily andrews .
published : .
03:43 est , 17 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
12:09 est , 17 december 2012 .
jacintha saldanha 's grieving husband and two teenage children clutched each other tightly today as they gathered with hundreds of mourners in a small town in india for her funeral .
friends and family paid their respects to the 46-year-old nurse who was duped by a hoax call during a simple ceremony in shirva , some 30 miles north of mangalore on the south-west coast .
earlier , crowds lined the roads close to the catholic church to pay their respects while relatives attended a private prayer ceremony at her home .
scroll down for video .
tears : ben barboza -lrb- centre -rrb- holds his son junal -lrb- right -rrb- and daughter lisha -lrb- left -rrb- during the burial of jacintha saldanha at her hometown shirva , near mangalore , india .
sadness : children of jacintha saldanha - daughter lisha -lrb- left -rrb- and son junal -lrb- right -rrb- - are consoled by their father ben barbosa -lrb- centre -rrb- during their mother 's funeral at the shirve church cemetery near mangalore .
reflecting : ben barboza -lrb- centre -rrb- , junal saldanha -lrb- right -rrb- , and daughter lisha saldanha -lrb- centre left -rrb- , during her burial near mangalore , india .
mourning : ben barboza -lrb- centre -rrb- holds his son junal , on his right , and daughter lisha at the burial of his wife .
remembered : a woman puts flowers on jacintha saldanha 's coffin during her funeral in shirva , about 32 miles north of mangalore .
authorities in india are understood .
to have made extensive arrangements - upping security and setting up .
barricades - to accommodate crowds of mourners touched by ms saldanha 's .
death .
jesuit priest fr richard rego , who .
has worked in the region for more than a decade , said the close-knit .
town had been left in shock .
` the local community were jolted , ' he said .
` they are now coming together to support the family .
' mr barboza is understood to be spending christmas with his family in shirva as he comes to terms with his wife 's death .
family together : ben