whenever you find yourself complaining of a cricked neck , aching back or noisy knees , do n't immediately blame your office chair or an over-enthusiastic zumba class -- it could be down to your clothes .
tight trousers and pencil skirts can damage muscles and joints as much as high heels and heavy bags , leaving you in pain .
here , chiropractor tim hutchful , from the british chiropractic association , highlights the worst wardrobe offenders .
pencil skirt .
the problem with straight sided , slim-fitted skirts is that they clamp your knees together , making it difficult to balance and bend .
squatting to pick something up from a low drawer or shelf becomes difficult , too .
` the best way to crouch safely is to bend the knees , ' mr hutchful says .
` but , in a pencil skirt your movement is limited .
over time the damage and strain can become cumulative -- you might not feel anything straight away , but if you wear tight skirts regularly , you could be setting yourself up for a pulled muscle or even disc problems .
' heavy necklace .
the muscles , tendons and joints of the neck struggle to cope with the strain of balancing the 10 lb to 12 lb weight of the average head -lrb- equivalent to five bags of sugar -rrb- all day , so adding a heavy necklace can tip the balance .
` anything that pulls the neck forwards or backwards tips the head away from its point of neutral balance , ' says mr hutchful .
` this can create neck tension , pain and damage , and long-term could encourage a slouched posture with damaging consequences for the back .
' spanx .
if it 's not too tight , and contains plenty of lycra , support underwear can have a surprisingly beneficial effect because it can act like the compression clothing that top athletes wear to improve performance by increasing blood and lymphatic flow .
however , wedge yourself into something too constricting and you could be in trouble .
not only will shapewear restrict breathing but , if it is tight enough to limit movement in the middle of your body , it will put abnormal loads on parts of your spine .
` if you restrict movement in one part of