a ballet dancer is on target to waltz his way to fame with a series of gravity-defying photographs which could well be the ultimate self portraits .
tourists wandering through the cobbled streets of paris would stand in awe as they saw mickael jou performing his dance routines ranging from ballet to more modern moves .
snapping away with their cameras as mickael performed pirouettes through the air , old and young alike would then share their magical pictures with the dancer .
mickael jou seemingly floats through the air as he chats to a woman while people enjoy a picnic in the background , .
mickael , who now lives in berlin , said seeing the snaps inspired him to start his own project , enabling him to marry his love of dance with photography using a variety of locations as a backdrop .
` tourists would quite often photograph and film me dancing in paris , and after seeing the pictures they 'd taken of me , i figured that i should try it out for myself , ' said mickael .
after wandering around the louvre art gallery in paris for inspiration , mickael bought a camera of his own and pored over the manual until he knew exactly how to use all the features and time his dance moves to coincide with the shutter speed .
poised as if to pick a flower , mickael strikes a pose mid-air .
over the past three years , he has collected an assortment of snaps which show him dancing through the air for his 365 photo project .
i 've spent three years working on this 365 photo project and it will probably take another three years to finish it , ' he added .
uploading the photographs onto his website , viewers will be able to see mickael almost floating through the air on a beach , beside a hotel and in woodland .
the 30-year-old said he puts a lot of thought into the location of his photographs with some of the snaps taking minutes to shoot and others much longer .
' i pick out a location , and then i set-up my tripod and i have a remote control that i press , ' he said .
` of course , i also adjust photographic settings such as the aperture , but the tripod