the revelations are acutely embarrassing for lord mervyn king , who was governor throughout the crisis before stepping down in 2013 .
the extraordinary complacency of the bank of england in the run-up to the financial crisis has been laid bare in records of secret meetings held between officials .
they reveal how blundering officials in the bank 's ` court ' -- its inner circle of regulators , executives and independent directors including former governor mervyn king -- grossly underestimated the scale of the impending meltdown .
damning revelations include how sir callum mccarthy , the former chairman of the financial services authority and a member of the court , described the uk banking system as ` sound ' just two days before the run on northern rock in september 2007 .
sir callum also played down the financial problems at the stricken newcastle lender , praising its ` good quality loan book ' on the day before the run on the bank .
two months later , officials on the court dismissed the prospect of a full-blown banking crisis , with minutes of a meeting recording that ` they do not perceive this as a likely scenario ' .
the minutes of crisis talks held behind closed doors in threadneedle street , in the heart of the city of london , have been published today for the first time , after the bank agreed to publish them as part of reforms designed to make it more transparent under new governor mark carney .
the revelations are acutely embarrassing for lord king , who was governor throughout the crisis before stepping down in 2013 .
the records , dated between june 2007 and may 2009 , also reveal how the bank chose to award its staff 5.5 per cent pay rises and bonuses just weeks after the near collapse of northern rock .
tory mp andrew tyrie , chairman of the commons treasury committee , accused directors in the bank 's court of being ` cheerleaders ' who failed to the ` provide an effective challenge ' to the executive headed by lord king .
he said : ` the executive rarely acknowledged possible weaknesses in its views or , other than grudgingly , admitted that it might have been unprepared for the crisis .
' mr tyrie also accused the court of ` back-covering ' in the heat