samantha fleming was asleep in the indiana apartment she shared with her boyfriend and newborn daughter when the doorbell rang on april 6 .
on the other side , police say , was a professionally dressed woman carrying a binder who introduced herself to fleming 's boyfriend as a department of child services worker on a surprise visit .
but authorities say the woman , geraldine r. jones , never worked for the child-welfare agency and that her visit to fleming 's apartment in anderson , about 30 miles north of indianapolis , was part of an elaborate scheme to take the 17-day-old baby and claim the girl as her own .
why jones targeted fleming , and why the young mother and her daughter , serenity , left the apartment with her , were key questions in a mystery police continued trying to unravel tuesday .
scroll down for video .
elaborate plot : geraldine jones , 36 , of gary , indiana -lrb- left -rrb- , has been charged with murder , kidnapping and criminal confinement over the death of new mom samantha fleming , 23 -lrb- right -rrb- .
kidnapped : investigators say jones pretended to be a social worker in order to steal fleming 's daughter , serenity -lrb- pictured -rrb- , and claim the child as her own after faking a pregnancy .
scene : fleming 's body was found by police at the home belonging to jones in in gary , indiana .
the body had been doused with bleach , put in a garbage bag that was duct taped and hidden in a plastic bin inside a closet .
anderson police sgt. chad boynton said jones , who was hospitalized for depression and suicidal thoughts , had refused to speak with detectives .
chief deputy prosecutor steve koester said jones has waived extradition and is expected to be returned to madison county by april 30 .
family members of jones and fleming did n't return calls seeking comment this week .
but a probable cause affidavit released tuesday shed light into the young mother 's disappearance and painted a picture of a suspect who claimed she was pregnant , had furnished a home nursery with baby furniture and baby clothes and had either hosted or been the recipient of a baby shower .
according to the affidavit , jones , 36 , arrived