by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
06:45 est , 13 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:20 est , 13 august 2013 .
two priceless medieval panels depicting saints have been stolen from a remote church .
a third was damaged when thieves cut the artworks from a choir screen at 15th-century holy trinity church in torbryan , devon .
the panels are as rare as a turner or rembrandt , said an expert , who feared they may have been stolen to order .
examination : dr neil rushton , from the churches conservation trust , examines the remaining damaged panels and the gaping hole left following the theft .
` priceless ' : two mid-15th century panels depicting medieval saints were stolen from the church in devon .
the painted panels which depicted st victor of marseilles and st margaret before they were stolen .
` paintings of god , mary and the .
apostles are two a penny in english churches , which is why it is .
possible these thieves targeted lesser saints as they are much rarer , ' said dr neil rushton , an arts historian with the churches conservation .
trust .
` this is the best example of this type .
of medieval art in this country .
they are as unique and priceless as a .
turner or a rembrandt and are irreplaceable .
they are intrinsic to this .
building and the theft devalues the whole church .
' the panels , about 18in by 6in , were .
part of a series of 40 depicting god , mary , the apostles and other .
saints set in a rood or choir screen that was a common feature in .
medieval church architecture .
investigation : thieves used a knife to rip out the panels , leaving a hole in the screen and damaging a third artwork in the process .
the damage where the panels were ripped free after thieves used knives to cut them loose .
dr neil rushton : the paintings are intrinsic to this building and the theft devalues the whole church ' those stolen featured st victor of .
marseilles and st margaret of antioch , while the one that was left .
damaged pictured a female saint .
the panels were once whitewashed to .
protect them from the