by .
daily mail reporter .
last updated at 2:00 pm on 4th november 2011 .
claims : out of work equity research analyst todd j. remis says photographers missed 15 crucial minutes of his wedding .
disgruntled groom todd j. remis is suing photographers who took his wedding photos and is demanding his $ 48,000 nuptials be re-staged - even though he is divorced and his ex-wife may have moved to latvia .
the out of work equity research analyst from manhattan , new york , wants the entire wedding replayed to capture the final 15 minutes of his wedding to milena grzibovska , which took place in 2003 .
mr remis alleges that established firm h & h photographers of irvington , westchester county , missed the last dance of the day and the moment his new bride tossed her bouquet .
and he has demanded in court papers .
that the firm repay him the $ 4,100 cost of the wedding photos and that .
he is awarded $ 48,000 to allow him to re-enact the day and fly in guests .
to new york .
the .
photographic studio have pointed out however that the bride is believed .
to have moved back to her native latvia and has proved uncontactable .
do-over needed : photographers snapped this photo of remis with new bride milena grzibovska , but missed the moment she tossed her bouquet .
stunning : the castle on the hudson where remis married .
he wants his 2003 wedding re-staged at the upmarket venue and that the photographers from the day to foot the bill .
the couple married in front of 40 guests at castle on the hudson in tarrytown , westchester , but separated in 2008 .
their divorce was finalised in 2010 .
photos of the day show a happy bride and groom surrounded by family , including the bride 's mother , irina , and her sister alina , who travelled from latvia for the occasion .
but a few months after the contract to photograph and video the event had been signed , mr remis complained to the firm that the three man crew had missed the last 15 minutes of his wedding day .
photo company founder curt fried , who sold his half of the business to his son dan , right , says mr remis