by .
lee moran .
last updated at 4:32 pm on 7th december 2011 .
germany and france - who have been behind an action plan to save the eurozone from its sovereign debt crisis - are at risk of not signing it off this week .
french officials have said the leaders of both countries will not leave friday 's european union summit until a ` powerful ' deal is reached .
but a senior german official has given a downbeat assessment of its prospects and said the first step in the deal may not be agreed until at least christmas .
conflicting reports : a french minister has said a deal will be thrashed out by angela merkel -lrb- left -rrb- and nicolas sarkozy -lrb- right -rrb- on friday , but germany officials are not so sure .
the official said : ' i have to say today that i am more pessimistic than last week about reaching an overall deal .
a lot of protagonists still have not understood how serious the situation is .
` my pessimism stems from the overall picture that i see at this point , in which institutions and member states will have to move on many points to make possible the new treaty rules that we are aiming for .
' the german comment is being seen as apparent effort to jolt partners into accepting berlin 's terms and restrictions .
the news has sent european share prices tumbling .
the ftse 100 closed 0.77 per cent down at 5,526 ; germany 's dax ended 0.73 per cent down at 5,985 ; and france 's cac 40 finished 0.38 per cent down at 3,167 .
and it comes hours after a leaked report from european council president herman van rompuy said a quick-fix solution to the eurozone debt crisis could be achieved without changing the treaties that bind the european union .
in his interim dossier , prepared for the crucial eu summit that starts tomorrow , he said only minor tweaks were needed to save the euro .
his ` fiscal compact ' plan would not need to undergo the lengthy process of ratification by parliaments or national referendums .
leaked report : ec president herman van rompuy .
-lrb- left -rrb- says only minor tweaks are needed to save the euro , as u.s. treasury secretary timothy geithner -lrb-