by .
sara malm .
oj simpson 's manager has released a documentary ` in his own words ' where the disgraced nfl star addresses the murder trial and says his biggest regret in life is cheating on his wives .
it has been 20 years since nicole brown simpson and ron goldman were found brutally murdered outside an l.a. home and her ex-husband was put on trial -- and later acquitted - for the crime .
the documentary was filmed before simpson 's 2008 kidnapping and armed robbery conviction and sees him rant about the accusations of domestic violence made by his late ex-wife , the aftermath of the murders and the subsequent 1994 trial .
scroll down for video .
in his words : a documentary featuring interview footage of oj simpson where he speaks about the alleged domestic abuse of his ex-wife nicole , the murders of her and her friend ron goldman and the subsequent trial in 1994 has been released .
the documentary , called , o.j. .
in his own words , simpson says the biggest regret in his life was cheating on his partners .
` i was unfaithful to both of my wives , and it 's what i 've regretted most in my life , ' he says at one point during the 53-minute film .
oj simpson and nicole brown married in 1985 and had two children sydney and justin .
in 1989 , the former football player pleaded no contest to a domestic violence charge against simpson .
the couple divorced in 1992 .
the documentary also addresses the two 911 calls made by simpson 's late ex-wife in october 1993 , in which she told an operator that he was going to ` beat the s *** out of me ' .
oj simpson and his wife nicole brown simpson , pictured in october 1993 , eight months before she was stabbed to death outside her la home along with friend ronald goldman .
the body of nicole brown simpson is removed from the scene of her brutal murder in june 199 - 20 years ago today .
nicole brown , 35 , was stabbed to death outside her los angeles home 20 years ago along with friend ronald goldman who was visiting her .
blood on the paved walkway outside of the gate leading to nicole brown