by .
ryan gorman .
and associated press reporter .
the u.s. men 's soccer team regained its swagger against ghana just in time to face a portugal team limping into sunday 's match with stars missing from injury or suspension .
portugal 's two best defenders , a striker and their starting goalkeeper will not play .
another defender will be a game time decision and best player in the world cristiano ronaldo is expected to play despite reportedly suffering a career-threatening knee injury .
the u.s. side has lost striker jozy altidore to injury and team captain clint dempsey has a broken nose but will play .
both teams are licking their wounds after only one match , but the portuguese are a lot more vulnerable .
man down : portugal star cristiano ronaldo has ice put on his left knee after a wednesday training session .
the u.s. lost its best player : striker jozy altidore -lrb- at right -rrb- screams while grabbing his left leg as ghana 's john boye jogs past - altidore is not expected to recover until after the world cup .
broken nose : clint dempsey of the u.s. lies on the pitch injured after being kicked in the face by boye -lrb- not pictured -rrb- during their 2014 world cup group g soccer match earlier this week .
reports out of brazil earlier this week painted a dire picture for portugal as it was revealed a team doctor told ronaldo to pull out of the world cup over fears a knee injury he has been suffering from for months could ruin the rest of his career .
the ballon d'or winner as world player of the year has been battling tendinitis in his left knee and thigh injuries , and doctors have warned continuing to sprint up and down the pitch could result in him tearing the patellar tendon , according to a spanish newspaper .
ronaldo was then seen limping away from a practice field thursday while icing his ailing knee , but several teammates have since insisted that he is fit and ready to go .
` cristiano is 100 percent fit to play , ' backup portugal goalkeeper beto said friday .
` every match , if he starts to play , it is because he is fit to play .
' midfielder raul meireles said he expects