by .
stian alexander .
published : .
14:34 est , 22 august 2012 .
| .
updated : .
01:49 est , 23 august 2012 .
serial pest : gordon clarke , a man dubbed britain 's worst neighbour has dodged jail - despite a 25-year reign of terror that has seen him jailed three times .
a man dubbed britain 's worst neighbour has dodged jail - despite a 25-year reign of terror that has seen him jailed three times .
serial pest gordon clarke was found guilty of harassment without violence earlier this month after he repeatedly lit bonfires in his back garden in crawley , west sussex , to deliberately send smelly smoke all over the neighbourhood magistrates court heard .
the 52-year-old - who was jailed for 70 days in 1998 for harassment , 30 days in 2001 for breaking a restraining order and for nine months in 2008 for breaching his asbo - has caused misery to his neighbours john ferraira , lara sanger and graham sanger for the last 25 years , the court heard .
during the screening of the 1995 documentary about nightmare neighbours clarke 's wife jay bragged how she painted her house pink , bought a goat and wanted to buy crowing cockerels ` just to annoy locals ' .
previously dad-of-five gordon clarke has been given two asbos for a string of anti-social behaviour .
but last week clarke was spared jail , despite repeated breaches of an asbo handed to him in 2001 and 2006 preventing him from ` harassing and tormenting his neighbours ' .
he was handed a one year community order , 150 hours of unpaid work and ordered to pay # 300 in court costs at horsham magistrates court last week - to the disgust of his neighbours .
the court heard how he repeatedly lit bonfires in the summer of 2010 - some which burned for as long as seven hours - to send smelly smoke into neighbouring gardens .
annoyance : gordon clarke repeatedly lit bonfires in his back garden in crawley , west sussex , to deliberately send smelly smoke all over the neighbourhood magistrates court heard .
neighbour lara sanger , who said clarke 's behaviour left her ` constantly on edge ' and another graham sanger said at a previous court hearing : ` it has ruined the