south africa 's hopes of qualifying for the quarter finals at the africa cup of nations hang by a thread after they drew with senegal in mongomo .
oupa manyisa rounded off a fine move with a clinical finish early in the second half to give shakes mashaba 's side the lead , but serigne mbodji , bizarrely wearing gloves despite the stifling jungle heat , leveled things up 15 minutes later with a towering header .
the result puts senegal top of the competitions 's ` group of death ' , a point ahead of both ghana and algeria , but bafana bafana must win their final game against the black stars to have any chance of progression .
south africa 's tokelo rantie -lrb- right -rrb- celebrates oupa manyisa 's opening goal against senegal .
senegal 's defender kara mbodji -lrb- right -rrb- celebrates after scoring the equaliser against south africa .
after a first half of few chances , the game came to life in the second , with manyisa 's goal igniting a crowd that had already watched 135 minutes of football with barely a shot on target following the bore-fest earlier between the group 's other two sides .
a neat move saw bournemouth striker tokelo rantie create space and feed thuso phala down the right .
his low cross found oupa manyisa at the back post and the orlando pirates winger made no mistake , slotting coolly past coundoul .
as it had in their previous game against ghana , going a goal behind brough senegal out of their shells .
they had shaded the possession from the off , but aside from an early run from southampton 's sadio mane , returning from injury after missing the win over ghana with a troublesome hamstring , the senegalese carried little threat from open play , despite their array of forwards .
however , when the majority of your team are over six foot and built like a fleet of tanks , set pieces will always be a threat .
south africa 's goalkeeper jackson mabokgwane clears the ball during the group c clash .
south africa 's dean furman -lrb- left -rrb- challenges senegal 's pape kouli diopi for possession .
and so it proved .
having gone close several times - stoke city 's mame biram diouf the most culpable -- and having