by .
sean poulter .
published : .
16:17 est , 29 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:42 est , 29 january 2013 .
complaints to the banking watchdog have soared to unprecedented levels as banks refuse to settle thousands of customers ' ppi disputes .
the financial ombudsman service is being swamped by 15,000 a week , two thirds of which are upheld , and is having to take on an extra 1,000 staff to cope with the deluge .
customers can appeal to the fos when complaints made directly to financial firms are rejected , so its figures are just the tip of the iceberg .
the new figures published by the financial ombudsman service -lrb- fos -rrb- make clear that banks are continuing to reject legitimate complaints .
complaints about the mis-selling of .
payment protection insurance for loans , credit cards and mortgages .
dominate the figures , representing 10,000 a week .
in the three months to december , the .
fos received 180,679 complaints from across the financial sector , .
including mortgage sales and pensions , bringing the total for the nine .
months to december to 341,666 -- 29 per cent more than the total for the .
entire 2011-12 financial year .
a british bankers association spokesman said : ` banks are committed to handling ppi complaints efficiently .
` but the actions of unscrupulous .
claims management companies , who refer huge numbers of claims to the .
ombudsman whether there are grounds to or not , mean the system is being .
clogged up .
' the big banks have already set aside .
some # 12billion to compensate victims of what is the biggest mis-selling .
scandal in british banking history .
however , even this figure may not be enough and the banks are making attempts to put a time limit on any new claims .
the findings suggest the big banks , some of which would not exist but for being rescued by billions of taxpayer pounds , continue to treat customers with contempt .
ppi .
was sold to customers on the basis that it would provide a financial .
safety net , covering repayments to the bank if they suddenly lost their .
job or fell ill .
however , .
it was pushed by hard-sell bank staff , many working