by .
sally lee .
a highly contagious gastric flu virus was the cause of two outbreaks of vomiting and diarrhoea at the restaurant of masterchef australia judge george calombaris .
the celebrity chef was forced to shut his hellenic republic in kew for 24 hours last friday after two group of diners fell ill on mother 's day and a few more last wednesday .
as one of the co-owners of the melbourne restaurant , calombaris said he was ` absolutely devastated by the recent events ' .
masterchef australia judge george calombaris -lrb- centre -rrb- was forced to close one of his melbourne restaurants on friday following allegations of a mother 's day food poisoning incident .
pictured here alongside fellow judges gary mehigan -lrb- left -rrb- and matt preston -lrb- right -rrb- .
the judge on the hit network ten reality tv cooking show is one of the co-owners of hellenic republic in kew , melbourne , which was shut on friday .
' i have an incredible team at hellenic in kew and we are all absolutely devastated by the recent events .
i am so sorry for those poor people that have been affected and to those inconvenienced by us taking precautionary measures and closing down the venue , ' he said .
the spokeswoman for the restaurant said the department of health investigated both incidents and concluded that guests suffered from norovirus , which ` is currently sweeping through melbourne ' .
' a full deep clean has already taken place to ensure the restaurant is norovirus free and the department of health is happy for us to return to full and normal trading , ' she said .
they are still trying to identify how the virus entered the venue and are working together to avoid similar incidents from recurring in the future .
results are expected to be released in a few weeks .
the department of health spokesman confirmed that they ` were advised late last tuesday of illness among diners at that restaurant ' .
` we are obviously taking samples from those who fell ill and also looking at samples of food .
' a clean-up of the restaurant was conducted under boroondara council supervision .
department officials are contacting people who fell ill to piece together their food histories , the spokesman said .
` people who may