forget black and white , red and white , love and hate , if you 're a good footballer you 'll be just fine .
that is what lee clark always told himself , the geordie boy who swapped newcastle for sunderland in 1997 .
like clark , jack colback was raised on tyneside and has now made the controversial switch between the north-east rivals , a move only 14 have dared to undertake .
jack colback joined newcastle on a free transfer this summer after leaving sunderland .
colback spent 14 years on the books at sunderland and made his first team debut in 2009 .
former midfielder lee clark -lrb- right -rrb- swapped newcastle for sunderland in 1997 .
for colback , though , his defection represented a homecoming -- not that the direction of travel and childhood allegiance makes any difference , says clark .
` it does n't matter if you 've gone from sunderland to newcastle or newcastle to sunderland or which team you supported -- if you 're a good footballer and playing well then fans will take to you , ' the former midfielder told sportsmail ahead of colback 's first tyne-wear derby for the magpies .
` and in that respect jack will be just fine .
he 's been one of newcastle 's best players so far this season .
midfielder colback -lrb- centre -rrb- has impressed since during his early newcastle career .
the 25-year-old 's performances in the first part of the season earned him a call up to the england squad .
` it probably helps a little bit that he 's a geordie coming back to newcastle , but if you 're playing poorly that does n't make any difference really .
` it 's all about the football , it always is .
jack scored for sunderland at st james ' last year and i bet their fans loved him that day .
` i always told myself when i went to sunderland , `` play well , hit the ground running , and the fans will clap me '' .
` what matters for jack now is that the newcastle fans have taken to him -- and they 've done that for one reason , he 's been excellent this season .
' former sunderland chairman niall quinn spoke out this week expressing his regret