by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
04:08 est , 3 april 2012 .
| .
updated : .
06:25 est , 3 april 2012 .
two men who terrorised an old lady have been jailed after police used a ` facial mapping ' expert to confirm the identity of one of the suspects who had been captured by cctv .
barry hilton , 48 , and thomas pearson , 42 , robbed an 81-year old woman at her home in manchester , putting a pillow over her face to stifle her screams when she woke to find them in her bedroom at 5am .
the pair were caught on cctv outside their victim 's flat at a sheltered housing complex in fallowfield , manchester .
pearson 's face was partially obscured by his hood but his left cheek was visible .
a forensic facial mapping scientist was called in to give a positive identification .
facial mapping : officers noted the contours of pearson 's left cheek using a still from the cctv image .
they could then search a digital database for the closest match .
the pair ransacked the woman 's property and stole her handbag , which contained her .
# 300 pension money .
detective constable adam cronshaw explained , ` officers picked up the pair a couple of days after the robbery as they were acting suspiciously and wearing very similar clothes to the men caught on the cctv footage .
` officers had noticed that in the cctv one of the faces was partially uncovered , so we took photographs of one suspect while he was in custody , from the same angle as the video footage .
' a forensic facial mapping scientist examined both the cctv stills and the photographs we 'd taken and supported the prosecution 's case that one of the males in the cctv was thomas pearson .
' on the day of the trial pearson pleaded guilty .
hilton had earlier pleaded guilty as his fingerprints were found in the victim 's flat .
both men were career villains with a .
string of convictions and the old lady was targeted because pearson knew .
where she lived , as his late father lived in the same complex .
the .
woman told police : ' i was terrified i would be pulled out of