by .
nina golgowski .
published : .
22:01 est , 23 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
23:58 est , 23 september 2012 .
the parents of a three-year-old girl whose body was found in a canal just hours after recovered wandering the streets alone have been charged with felony child neglect .
police in dansbury , wisconsin say the parents of reena mae williams turned themselves in on sunday , two days after a warrant was placed for their arrest in the child 's death .
jenna danish , 33 , and thomas jay williams , 42 , face a maximum of 25 years in prison after reena 's body was found approximately 25 yards from their home last month .
tragedy : the parents of reena mae williams , pictured , whose body was found in a canal last month , have been arrested and charged with felony child neglect .
a complaint filed against the couple claims their drug use contributed to a pattern of neglect , with the girl found wandering from home at least six times this year .
in several of the incidents police say she was found a mile and a half from home .
` that was just appalling , that she could go missing and get returned , then be missing again an hour later , ' diana naylor told kmsp .
ms naylor says that just two hours before a search was launched for the three-year-old she found the girl wandering 12 blocks from home .
accused : the girl 's parents jenna danish , 33 , pictured , and thomas jay williams , 42 , are accused of a pattern of neglect with the girl as well as drug use in their home .
grim discovery : a search party recovered the three-year-old in this canal approximately 25 yards from her home last month .
she said she returned the child to her home though no one immediately answered the door when she knocked .
she said williams eventually entered the yard , appearing unconcerned that his daughter had been found so far from home .
police reported danish later telling a friend she was asleep at the time .
' i was sick .
i could n't go to work the next day because all i could think about that day was `` what if