by .
alexandra klausner .
one abandoned calf was discovered in virginia in april of 2013 with crippling frostbite on his back legs and tail .
after having his legs amputated and being given a set of prosthetic ones , miraculously he can walk again .
hero the calf was rushed to kitty martin 's selah ranch all animal rescue in greenville , va with frostbite so severe that he had to lose his hind legs .
kags tv reports that kitty contacted talented veterinarians all over the region so that the injured calf could be nursed back to health .
after many vets turned kitty down , she finally heard from texas a&m 's vet school .
scroll down for video .
hero the calf was discovered with frostbite so severe that he had to have his hind legs amputated .
luckily talented veterinarians were able to give hero a set of hind legs .
the calf was moved from virginia to college station , texas in november and was in terrible condition when he arrived .
this is the first time texas a & m ever put prosthetic legs on a large animal reports yahoo.com .
` we got totally healthy skin to cover the whole bottom of the stump .
we also were able to bring the tendons around so that we had a nice cushion so that it was n't bone on skin touching the prosthetic , ` said dr. ashlee watts , assistant professor of large animal surgery at texas a & m .
at first kitty martin thought that hero may need to be put down .
she began to love hero ` more than any other animal ' she 'd ever met and decided that no matter what the outcome , she would need to try her luck .
' i loved him that much to take a chance ' she told kags tv .
miraculously , hero survived , thanks to the heroes at a & m university who were willing to risk the never before executed procedure on a large animal , reported the new york daily news .
martin is happier than ever that her beloved friend hero can walk again .
she wants hero to work with injured veterans and children because she feels as though he will be an inspiration to them .
` i 'm amazed and