by .
beth stebner .
published : .
20:39 est , 13 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
20:39 est , 13 december 2012 .
it 's as much a part of new york as the empire state building or dirty-water hot dogs .
but the traditional taxi hail could soon be a thing of the past .
the city 's taxi and limousine commission announced today to approve a pilot program allowing riders to use their smartphones to ` e-hail ' a yellow cab as early as next february .
the technological step is revolutionary for many reasons , with one being that before now , it has been illegal for the iconic taxicabs to pre-arrange rides .
thing of the past : a new app will allow passengers to ` e-hail ' cabs , making for a lot less exasperated commuters -lrb- stock photo -rrb- .
the tests , which are slated to start on february 15 , are an answer to a growing question of how smartphones have been used for transport around the city .
uber fun : the uber app is available in other cities ; its new york pilot version will be tested for a year .
` we should not ignore technology that 's out there .
this is not speculative , this is real , ' commissioner david yassky told the associated press .
the commission issued a news release after the vote celebrating what it called ` appy days ahead .
' the system will be tried out for one year .
after the free apps start linking customers with drivers in mid-february , the commission will produce quarterly reports on the program 's success , leading to a decision on whether to extend it .
at least a dozen companies are ready to provide the service , including ones now operating in other u.s. cities and overseas .
london has a thriving taxi e-hail system .
commission research showed drivers still prefer to pick up gesturing passengers , yassky said .
` they 'll still tend to pick up a ride that 's there first , ' he said .
' i think drivers will use the app when there 's no passenger out there .
' mensah kwabenah , a cabbie waiting for customers near penn station , said he 'll respond to app hails if his