enjoyed the summer ?
you 're not alone : experts have warned that homes may be set for an invasion of larger than normal spiders who have feasted on an abundance of prey in the last few months .
that 's because this year the warm summer has allowed certain spiders to eat more than usual and grow to their upper limits .
and it could mean we 'll see more and more large spiders in our homes in the coming months .
scroll down for video .
your new lodger : experts say larger-than-usual house spiders -lrb- stock image shown -rrb- will head into uk homes soon .
professor hart of the university of gloucestershire said that the mild summer meant that more prey was available than usual .
this means more spiders could grow to a larger size .
the mild summer has meant the eight-legged creatures have had plenty to eat and very few have perished .
with temperatures set to fall , experts from sydney university have said the larger-than-usual house spiders will be heading indoors in the coming weeks to find a mate .
professor adam hart of the university of gloucestershire agreed with their predication and said : ` this year has been seemingly a good one for the invertebrates which spiders feed on , and it 's quite mild out there .
' spiders are growing far larger in the city than in rural environments , researchers have said .
they found that rather than thriving in areas with lots of vegetation , golden orb weaver spiders living in urban areas of sydney , australia , were larger and had more babies .
the say city an abundance of food and city lights could be to blame .
` city-dwelling orb-weaving spiders grow larger and could produce more offspring than their country cousins our research shows , ' said elizabeth lowe of the university of sydney , who led the research .
this study shows invertebrates are sensitive to urbanisation but that not all species are negatively affected by living in cities .
both sexes stay in their webs until the autumn when the males become nomadic and search for females .
mr lawrence bee of the british arachnological society tells mailonline that people often notice larger spiders this year as the cold weather drives them inside , with males hunting for females