by .
emma glanfield for mailonline .
outrage has erupted at a popular college after it emerged halal meat is regularly being served to students without them knowing because it is ` cheaper ' .
since the summer , chichester college , in west sussex , has been dishing up halal chicken and lamb to unsuspecting diners at their main refectory .
the move came after a sudden rise in the number of middle eastern students at the college , which has been rated ` outstanding ' by ofsted and takes pupils aged between 16 and 19 .
scroll down for video .
since the summer , chichester college , in west sussex , -lrb- pictured -rrb- has been dishing up halal chicken and lamb to unsuspecting students at the campus ' main refectory because it is cheaper to buy in than the alternative .
one outraged diner , who did n't want to be named , said : ' i feel very strongly about food labelling and the consumer should know what they are eating .
` personally , i 'm against halal slaughter because it 's not only cruel but it spoils the quality of the meat .
` during the animal 's struggle toxins are released , spoiling the meat .
' i feel that it 's a personal choice of an individual whether or not they choose to eat halal .
` it 's disturbing that food establishments are not informing their customers of the meat they are serving .
' halal meat comes from the traditional muslim method of slaughtering but is controversial because animals are killed by having their throats cut then having their blood drained .
diners have been left outraged after not being told about the use of halal meat which is controversial due to the method used in slaughtering the animal .
the college said it ` never had any intention to avoid telling customers ' aramark , the contractors which run the canteen , are under no legal obligation to inform the customers whether the meat is halal or not .
a statement from the college said : ` the decision to purchase this is because the aim is always to provide good quality food at as reasonable a price as possible .
halal slaughtering involves cutting through the large arteries in the neck with one swipe of a blade