by .
hugo gye and john stevens .
published : .
02:45 est , 3 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
02:45 est , 3 may 2013 .
free : paedophile gary karn 48 , sexually assaulted two girls aged seven and eight on an allotment but has been spared jail .
a paedophile who avoided jail because was worried his family would be affected if he went to prison is having his sentence reviewed .
gary karn escaped with just a suspended sentence after being convicted of sexually abusing two little girls as they picked fruit at his allotment .
but following public outrage at the case , the attorney general is now considering whether to launch an appeal against the sentence .
the 48-year-old father of three inappropriately touched his victims , aged seven and eight , after inviting them into his greenhouse to help themselves to raspberries .
he was found guilty of three counts of sexual assault against a child at norwich crown court earlier this week .
judge mark lucraft imposed an 18-month suspended sentence , saying a jail term would unfairly affect his family as he would probably lose his job in a food processing factory .
` i have to consider the impact on them - people who are not in any way at fault yet might suffer serious hardship from your actions , ' he said .
but the father of one of his victims said : ` he talks about the effect on the offender 's family , but what about the effects on my family ?
' it was revealed today that a member of public has asked the attorney general 's office to review whether the sentence might have been ` unduly lenient ' .
the office is considering the case , and must decide whether to refer the sentencing to the court of appeal by may 22 .
trial : after considering the mitigation in the case , judge mark lucraft -lrb- left -rrb- agreed gary karn -lrb- right -rrb- should not go to prison .
the court heard karn invited the .
girls on to his allotment .
he told them that he needed to brush spiders .
off them then put his hands up the top of one girl , and down the .
trousers of the other .
he .
was also charged