by .
sara nathan .
simon cowell and love lauren silverman have officially decided to call their baby son simon cowell jnr , mailonline can reveal .
the x factor supremo , 54 , and his girlfriend are expecting their son next month and he will be born in new york so lauren can be near her eldest son , adam .
and although many thought cowell was joking when he said that simon was his favourite name , a friend of the couple said : ` simon and lauren have decided that their favorite name for the baby is actually simon .
' ` for a while it was between simon and eric - simon 's dad 's name , but now it looks like eric will be the middle name .
' indeed , at lauren 's baby shower last month , guests brought baby gifts emblazoned with the name simon on them .
including gifts embroidered with the initials sc .
scroll down for video .
adorable !
simon looked like he had caught a little sun on his chest as the love-birds cuddled up to one another in barbados last month .
nice to meet you : simon cowell took to a baby while vacationing in barbados with his pregnant girlfriend lauren silverman .
he 's a natural : the tv star looked content while holding close the cute tot .
` there were baby clothes and little games all personalized with the name ` simon ' ' , a source said .
cowell 's .
beverly hills mansion was decked out in blue and white and a .
muscle-bound male server gave out drinks ; and a stunning floral .
arrangement was composed using white orchids , yellow orchids , blue .
hydrangeas and white roses .
after the party the flowers were given to .
the nearby cedars sinai hospital in los angeles .
cowell and lauren , 36 , are currently on vacation aboard the silverstream yacht in st barts.but it will definitely be all hands on deck when the couple return to manhattan ahead of their baby 's birth at one of the city 's most exclusive hospitals on february 28 .
the couple will bring their son home to the $ 26-000-a-month apartment they are renting in manhattan .
cowell said that simon was his favourite name while being interviewed by