it is the historic site where king john sealed the magna carta to establish the rule of law .
but just a few hundred yards from the famous setting at runnymede in surrey -- which the queen will visit in june to celebrate the document 's 800th anniversary -- dozens of anarchists have made their squalid home in a litter-strewn shanty town .
squatting on the private land , the group , who are linked to the occupy london movement that caused chaos in london when they set up camp outside st paul 's cathedral in 2011 , have left locals outraged .
squatter vinny outside one of the make-shift homes the group has set up just yards away from where the magna carta was sealed in runnymede , surrey .
in contrast to the neatly tended magna carta memorial nearby , a used condom and grubby mattress lie at the entrance to the ramshackle squatters ' camp .
inside , a mail on sunday reporter witnessed one anarchist openly smoking cannabis just feet from a two-year-old child .
the battle to evict the squatters is set to come to a head just before the magna carta anniversary on june 15 .
last thursday the squatters were granted a stay of execution when a county court judge allowed them two weeks to submit a defence ahead of a hearing next month .
one camp leader , vinny , who would not give his surname , said : ` this is about using the land to grow our own vegetables .
it 's a place to give people life skills , a sanctuary for the displaced .
' the dope-smoking 48-year-old added : ` why ca n't we have equality with land ownership ?
why ca n't we have a few acres each ?
' last thursday the squatters were granted a stay of execution when a county court judge allowed them two weeks to submit a defence ahead of a hearing next month .
the camp was set up three years ago in woodland on a disused brunel university site .
property developers orchid runnymede has planning permission to build affordable homes , student accommodation , an elderly care facility , and private housing on the land .
but the community of about 30 squatters are refusing to leave .
they claim to live off the land , using solar