their drive-bys and drug-fueled violence have played out across the grid-locked streets of los angeles for the past 70 years - becoming a notorious part of american popular culture .
but now the big hazard gang that held such a fearsome grip on the ramona gardens housing project in boyle heights has been dealt a blow after the lapd , fbi and the irs indicted 38 members in the largest crackdown ever on the mexican mafia .
gang members with names such as raccoon , grizzly , creeper and ghost were among 29 suspected members taken in on federal racketeering charges .
los angeles , california , united states : a suspect is processed in downtown los angeles after at least 38 members of the big hazard gang were indicted under the federal racketeer influenced and corrupt organization -lrb- rico -rrb- statutes , federal officials said .
raids : the lapd and the fbi joined forces to arrest 29 suspected members of the big hazard gang in los angles on wednesday .
arrested : the indictment outlines criminal activity ranging from drug trafficking to intimidation and alleges close ties with the mexican mafia .
the mexican mafia is a powerful collection of prison inmates from various latino gangs who call shots on violence behind bars and drug dealing and crime on the streets .
the fbi and los angeles police led early morning raids , dubbed ` operation resident evil , ' at more than a dozen homes .
` we have moved to take control of the neighborhood , ' acting us attorney stephanie yonekura said .
they nabbed 24 of those named in the indictment , along with four others charged with crimes related to the gang .
seven people , including the gang 's leader , were already in custody .
one defendant named was killed in a shooting over the weekend that is being investigated .
battle : ` we have moved to take control of the neighborhood , ' acting u.s. atty. stephanie yonekura said at a press conference on wednesday .
men and women : the arrests culminated a four-year investigation that began after a car crash and shooting on interstate 10 .
haul : weapons seized after hundreds of law enforcement officers raided homes on the east side of los angeles , searching for big hazard gang members with ties to the mexican