ray compton was reported to the council by a passer-by after being seen standing on a chair to hang fairy lights .
when a string of decorative fairy lights came loose outside his restaurant , ray compton stood on a chair and hooked them back in place with a broom .
the 25-second task was soon forgotten -- but not by health and safety zealots at the local council .
a passer-by reported what had happened to officials , and mr compton received a call four days later from an environmental health officer who announced that the case was under investigation .
during the ticking off he was warned that he could face further action for supposedly putting himself at risk by hanging the lights 12ft off the ground .
he was also told he should have used correct climbing apparatus , namely an ` aluminium construction secured at three points ' -- council jargon for a ladder .
yesterday the married father-of-one attacked the waste of taxpayers ' money , saying : ` this really is barmy british bureaucracy .
` i thought it was a prank call so i do n't think i was very co-operative with the officer .
i was asking if i should have requested permission to have the high street closed and perhaps made sure that st john ambulance were on standby .
' he added : ` it really is a case of health and safety gone mad .
we have to have some common sense in this life -- the council can not nanny everyone .
' mr compton , who owns the intimo-fresco italian restaurant in maldon , essex , saw the lights had come loose during high winds on the afternoon of new year 's eve .
the street was virtually deserted at the time so there was no risk of anyone knocking him , and the seat of the chair was only around 18 inches away from the ground .
he said : ` it could not have taken more than 25 seconds to sort out , it really was that quick .
the chair is very solid and i feel safer standing on it than i do on a ladder .
' a council spokesman said : ` following a complaint from a member of the public about unsafe working practices , an environmental health officer phoned the