wife : ` it is truly terrible .
he loved his country with a rare passion ' tearful and scared , the three-year-old girl knows little of what lies behind the tension and turmoil gripping her homeland .
she merely holds tight a picture of her father the way she will want to remember him .
the youngster will certainly do best to forget the images that so shocked the world last week .
for even in a land synonymous with violence , the way her father died seemed unusually inhumane .
tearful and terrified : three -- year-old baraa -lrb- whose name means innocence -rrb- , clutches a picture of her father who was publicly executed and dragged through streets of gaza by a motorcycle lynch mob .
horrific : palestinian gunmen ride motorcycles as they drag the body of executed ribhi badawi , a palestinian prisoner in gaza suspected of working for israel .
` collaborator ' : mr badawi -lrb- pictured above -rrb- was killed on tuesday for allegedly providing intelligence to enable israel to pinpoint attack targets during the conflict with gaza .
publicly executed minutes earlier as an alleged ` spy for israel ' , his body was dragged through gaza city by men on motorcycles , waving pistols triumphantly in the air .
substitute horses for bikes , noted one witness , and it could almost have been a scene from the crusades .
along with five others , the ` collaborator ' was killed on tuesday for allegedly providing intelligence to enable israel to pinpoint attack targets .
he was shot twice and then ` finished off ' with a blow from a heavy rock .
amid dizzying confusion at the height of the eight-day conflict , there were sketchy reports that the traitors were caught ` red-handed ' with ` high-tech filming equipment ' .
beyond this , nothing else was known : not their identities nor the precise nature of any evidence against them .
the mail on sunday can today reveal that the dead man in the picture is 37-year-old father-of-five ribhi badawi , a palestinian prisoner in gaza .
grieving : mr badawi 's wife kholoud with four of his children at their home in the radwan district of gaza .
stunned : mr badawi 's eldest daughter , worood , which translates as rose , with the photo