by .
emma innes .
published : .
05:23 est , 1 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:28 est , 1 may 2013 .
catharine bell has felt permanently airsick since flying to turkey in 2005 .
a mother-of-two has been battling a constant feeling of travel sickness since taking a flight eight years ago .
catharine bell , 46 , was left struggling to balance , nauseous and feeling permanently dizzy after she disembarked the flight in marmaris , turkey , in 2005 .
ms bell , from bellingham , northumberland , thought the feeling would pass but was horrified when her symptoms worsened throughout the holiday until she could no longer walk down the hotel corridor without holding onto the wall .
even after arriving back in the uk following the two week holiday with her daughters , jessica and annie , now aged 18 and 13 , ms bell 's symptoms failed to subside .
she was eventually diagnosed with mal de debarquement syndrome -lrb- mdds -rrb- and has suffered from incurable , and sometimes debilitating , attacks ever since .
ms bell said : ` i got on the plane and i was perfectly healthy , it was a perfectly normal flight .
and then when the plane landed i stood up to get my bag and i felt a bit weird .
` as soon as we landed and i stepped off the plane i felt seriously odd .
the whole world had transformed into bouncy castle land and i felt as if i was walking on a giant marshmallow .
` throughout the holiday that feeling never went away , it was like being on the pirate ship at the fairground my world was moving up and down and from side to side constantly .
` i felt sick , had a headache and felt decidedly unwell .
i presumed i had an ear infection and thought i would wait it out , go home , and see the doctor .
' however , when the family 's flight home took off all of ms bell 's symptoms disappeared and she thought she was better .
unfortunately , the respite was short lived and the symptoms returned as soon as she stepped off the plane .
ms bell said : ` and so started a terrible few months of doctor visits