school officials in denver are looking into an incident in which an autistic boy was allegedly tied down onto a seat by his bus driver .
the 3-year-old boy 's grandmother , kathy griffin , told kmgh ` the supervisor told me -lsb- on the phone -rsb- that it was very disturbing .
so i can only imagine what the footage was .
' a camera on the school bus captured the incident and the driver in question is currently on administrative leave , the abc affiliate reported .
scroll down for video .
incident : the 3-year-old boy 's grandmother , kathy griffin has said ` the supervisor told me that it was very disturbing .
so i can only imagine what the footage was ' guardian : griffin has said her three-year-old autistic grandson was tied down onto his seat .
griffin is a guardian to the boy , as well as her four-year-old granddaughter , kmgh explained .
co-guardian lakesha rouse told the affiliate station ` he suffers from autism .
she has learning disabilities .
we do everything we can to give them a good life .
' kmgh reported that the two young children use harnesses for their safety seats on their way to preschool .
the three-year-old figured out how to unfasten his and an assistant is meant to be on the bus and assist in that case , rouse explained to kmgh .
griffin told the news outlet ` instead , what they had been doing to him was tying him down on the bus with ropes and putting belts onto the thing because he comes out of the harness .
' i know it 's not safe to tie a child down anywhere , especially a vehicle .
' passengers : the boy , along with griffin 's 4-year-old granddaughter , use harnesses for their safety seats on their way to preschool .
a representative for denver public schools has said ' a bus driver was using an unapproved seatbelt-like device to keep a student in their safety seat ' a representative for denver public schools told kmgh ' a bus driver was using an unapproved seatbelt-like device to keep a student in their safety seat .
' the representative also said the bus driver may be fired in punishment .
kmgh reported that ` dps is not releasing the video to