amir khan has added to his collection of top-of-the-range cars with a brand new white mercedes s63 , which he has shown off on social media .
the boxer posted three images to his twitter account of himself stood in front of the new motor , wearing his brand of clothing and posing with a trademark clenched fist .
khan took to his social media account to show how pleased he was with his new purchase , writing : ` finally got my hands on the #s63 ' .
boxer amir khan poses with his new car , a mercedes s63 , and posted this picture on his instagram account .
top speed : 186mph -lrb- 250km/h -rrb- .
acceleration : 0-62 mph -lrb- 0-100 km/h -rrb- in 4.2 s .
horsepower : 577 bhp .
torque : 664 lb-ft .
miles per gallon : 23 mpg .
khan is a known car enthusiast and the new addition to his garage will accompany a bentley continental , a mercedes cls63 , audi r8 and two range rovers .
the s63 retails at around # 100,000 and is capable of reaching 60 mph in just 4.2 seconds .
khan is looking for a fight later this year against floyd mayweather jnr , who last month posted a picture with his eight supercars and # 30m private jet for good measure .
khan shook hands with the saleswoman who sold him the car , which is capable of reaching 100km/h in 4.2 s .
khan was keen to show off his new ride , posing next to his new mercedes s63 car on tuesday .
khan recently caused a stir after claiming that he thought the proposed fight between manny pacquiao and mayweather will never happen .
` honestly that fight will never happen , in my opinion , ' he told bt sport .
' i spoke to manny pacquiao and , obviously , we speak to mayweather and his team .
' i ca n't really see that fight happening , there is too much politics with that fight .
there 's different promotions teams and different management teams - i do n't think they will let that fight happen .
' mayweather poses with his fleet of cars -lrb- from left to right -rrb- : ferrari 599 gtb fiorano , porsche 911 turbo s , lamborghini aventador , ferrari