by .
alasdair glennie .
and laura cox .
published : .
17:15 est , 2 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
02:06 est , 3 october 2013 .
man 's world ?
glenn cosby , the last male in great british bake off , has been voted off the show , sparking accusations that the show favours women .
some say the days when women ruled the roost in the kitchen have been consigned to the past .
but they have clearly not been paying attention to this year 's great british bake off .
the hit baking show has been accused of favouritism towards its female contestants after the last man was eliminated from the series with three episodes still remaining .
a string of male viewers -- including celebrity chef nigel slater and two former competitors -- complained after teacher glenn cosby , 37 , was voted off this week 's show , leaving five women to compete in next week 's quarter final .
one - last year 's runner up james morton - said his faith in the show was ` completely lost ' and threatened to start watching channel 4 show grand designs instead .
he added : ` should be renamed ` great british bloke off ' .
tuesday 's episode was watched by 6.3 million viewers , a series record and the second highest audience in the bbc2 show 's history .
but its 1.9 million male fans saw the last remaining male baker struggle with his puff pastry and watch in dismay when his showstopper mille-feuille collapsed in a sticky mess .
mr crosby was the fourth man to be voted off in a row , prompting dismay among male viewers .
writing on twitter , mr morton said : ` first howard .
now glenn .
faith in #gbbo completely lost .
next week , i 'm watching grand designs .
` last man standing in #gbbo is sent packing .
an all-women show from now on .
should be re-named `` great british bloke off '' .
' celebrity chef nigel slater was equally disappointed , saying : ` i so did n't want that to happen .
#gbbo so disappointing such a lovely man !
' and the winner of the first bake off series , edd kimber , also showed his allegiances were with the