when emergency crews received a call saying ` someone ' had been knocked down by a car in essex , they immediately sent two ambulances to the rescue .
but the vehicles returned to base just moments later when the caller revealed the ` victim ' was actually a squirrel that had been run over in epping forest .
the report forms just part of a long list released by east of england ambulance service detailing their most bizarre , and irritating , call outs .
two ambulances were sent to epping forest after a caller told crews ` someone ' had been run down , only for the ` victim ' to turn out to be a squirrel .
another man said he had dropped his burger and it was ` bleeding ' another came from reveller in basildon , essex , who said ` i 've dropped my burger and it is bleeding ' , while a third woman in chelmsford , dialled 999 to report ` i 've eaten too much takeaway food .
' the service said it receives around 2,500 calls per day , and in the last two years has had to deal with 1,248 that did not need emergency help .
front-line crews have attended almost half of the phoney calls , believing them to be genuine emergencies .
also on the list is a woman from shoeburyness who called to say she was locked out of the house , while a man in peterborough called to say his feet hurt after wearing shoes that were too small .
in hitchin , hertfordshire , a man told 999 staff : ' i have been dieting and feel lethargic .
' gary morgan , regional head of emergency operations centres , asked people to use common-sense when calling , adding that misguided or hoax calls could cost lives .
east on england ambulance revealed the bizarre calls as part of a list of 1,248 inappropriate call outs , saying that crew attended half of them , potentially putting lives at risk -lrb- file image -rrb- .
he said : ` we 're an emergency service and our front-line staff are trained to save lives .
` however , sadly , some of the calls we receive are not even medically related and we will refer hoax calls to the police .
` we prioritise