in the end , it was a birthday treat that took down one of mexico 's most powerful drug lord .
authorities had been monitoring a farm that they believed servando gómez martínez , or la tuta as he was known among members of the knights templar cartel , could possibly he using as a hideout , and thanks to the delivery of a chocolate cake from his girlfriend maría antonieta luna ávalos on his birthday , their suspicions were confirmed .
mexican security forces moved in on the hideout in morelia , michoacán on february 27 , and were able to capture martinez without firing a single shot .
scroll down for video .
servando gómez martínez -lrb- above -rrb- , mexico 's most-wanted drug lord , was captured by authorities hiding out on a farm on february 27 .
authorities were able to locate him as they had been monitoring the farm -lrb- above -rrb- , and grew suspicious when his girlfriend dropped him off a birthday cake .
martinez , known as la tuta , was the head of the knights templar cartel , and previously worked as an elementary school teacher .
the washington post reports that it was not just the cake that confirmed the location of martinez , but also the communication habits of one of his most trusted messengers .
while martinez , 49 , never used a cell phone , one messenger did , and would frequently communicate on his device travelling to and from the farm .
unbeknownst to that messenger however , his phone was being tracked .
` michoacan now is in a better position , ' said federal police commissioner enrique galindo ceballos said .
` the important parts of the -lsb- cartel -rsb- structure are neutralized .
' the arrest was also an incredibly big boost for president enrique pena nieto as he tries to deal with the increased gang violence in the country .
though frequently on the move , and at times living in caves to evade the authorities , martinez still loved the spotlight , and would often release videos in which he criticized the government for supporting other drug cartels .
he was also known to hand over cash for favorable press .
the elementary school teacher turned drug lord portrayed himself as a hero in the numerous interviews he granted the media