he wants to become chancellor of the exchequer .
but this morning ed balls admitted that he relies on his mother-in-law june for help with maths .
at the end of an interview on good morning britain , labour 's shadow chancellor said he was relieved he had not been asked to answer any maths questions live on tv .
labour shadow chancellor ed balls told good morning britain his mother was the family 's maths brain .
last month during an interview on the itv breakfast show , education secretary nicky morgan was left embarrassed when she refused to answer what 7x8 is .
after appearing on the programme this morning to discuss george osborne 's budget , mr balls told host susanna reid : ` i was pleased you did n't ask me any maths questions this morning , that was my ... ' asked how he was with fractions , mr balls replied : ` luckily my mother-in-law is a maths teacher so she is the expert when it comes to maths .
' a shocked miss reid interrupted : ` you can not tell me that the shadow chancellor relies on this mother in law to do his maths .
' he added : ` the kids think the mother-in-law is very good at maths teaching .
you always rely on your mother in law .
' good morning britain host susanna reid asked mr balls if he really left all the maths questions to his mother in law .
he replied : ` you always rely on your mother-in-law ' the morning after the budget , mr balls warned that mr osborne 's plan for cuts was ` a pretty scary prospect ' for voters .
mr balls has three children with his wife , labour 's shadow home secretary yvette cooper .
her mother june , is a maths teacher and her father , tony , a trade unionist .
after working as an adviser to gordon brown at the treasury , mr balls was elected as an mp in 2005 and became shadow chancellor in 2011 .
he previously worked at the financial times and taught economics at harvard university .
last month mrs morgan refused to do mental arithmetic during an appearance on good morning britain to discuss plans to improve the performance of schools in england .
when asked what the