defendant : browne was accused of flashing her bra at an officer and ` seductively ' leaned towards him .
a police community support officer who developed an ` unhealthy interest ' in a gay male colleague repeatedly slapped his bottom and spied on him getting changed , a court heard yesterday .
josephine browne , 50 , also allegedly flashed her bra at the young officer and behaved ` seductively ' towards him in a lift while on duty .
browne is accused of spanking his bottom six times as he and another colleague were moving a filing cabinet at their central london police station in august last year .
jurors heard a colleague also caught the pcso peering at him while he changed , in scenes reminiscent of 1960 alfred hitchcock film psycho .
the pair were employed as pcsos for a safer neighbourhoods team in north london when the incident took place on august 18 last year .
leo seelig , prosecuting , said : ` the prosecution say that she slapped him a number of times on his buttocks and that those slaps were sexual in nature .
miss browne took an unhealthy and , you may think , an odd interest in her colleague .
` that interest was demonstrated by a number of incidents which occurred earlier that year .
the safer neighbourhoods team on which both of these people worked was , in the early part of 2013 , a small group of pcsos based at an office .
their changing room was a single room divided down the middle by a row of lockers .
' the room was split into male and female areas and browne would peer around a locker door and stare at the complainant while he was changing , the court heard .
mr seelig added : ` shortly after miss browne joined the team , he was getting changed in this room when he became aware of somebody watching him .
` it was miss browne and she was standing a few feet away with her face half covered by another person 's locker , peering around it watching him .
' he caught her staring at him while changing four times , jurors heard .
` on .
one occasion he was again getting changed in the locker room when miss .
browne walked around from