by .
matt blake .
the brazilian town of cândido godói is truly one of a kind ... all because the same ca n't be said for the locals .
the municipality , in the state rio grande do sul , has been been nicknamed ` twin land ' due to the phenomenal number of twins there .
with more than one pregnancy in every ten being a multiple birth , the town has a twin rate nearly 1,000 per cent higher than the global average .
and most bizarrely , while many attempts have been made to explain the phenomenon , many observers blame the nazis .
scroll down for video .
two of a kind : ten-year-old kitana and tahuana schmitt are just one of some 700 twins in the town of 6,600 residents .
marione with newborn twins izabela and valentina : the municipality , in the state rio grande do sul , has been been nicknamed ` twin land ' due to the phenomenal number of twins there .
known about town : neslson and norberto riske have lived together since they were born .
they like to drink the tradional ` mate ' and like to play with their dogs .
they worked together in a soja plantation before retiring .
and most bizarrely , while many attempts have been made to explain the phenomenon , many observers blame the nazis .
twin dreams : 17-year-old mariara and maira kotowski study mathematics and want to become doctors .
they say it is down to one of adolf hitler 's most ruthless underlings dr joseph mengele - also known as the angel of death .
they say it is down to one of adolf hitler 's most ruthless underlings dr joseph mengele - also known as the angel of death .
some historians believe the auschwitz physician fled to brazil following the collapse of the third reich where he continued the medical experimentation for which he had become infamous during the war .
he is alleged to have been responsible for the deaths of some 400,000 jews .
on a mission to create an aryan master race for his fuhrer , mengele was resident medic at auschwitz from may 1943 until his flight in the face of the red army advance in january 1945 .
while working at the death camp , he .
carried out