real madrid great alfredo di stefano is in a serious but stable condition in hospital after suffering a heart attack .
the 88-year-old is being kept in an induced coma in the coronary unit at the general universitario gregorio maranon hospital .
a medical report from the hospital said he was ` clinically and haemodynamically stable ' , but that his condition remained ` serious ' .
critical : alfredo di stefano has been rushed to hospital after suffering a heart attack .
legend : alfredo di stefano is widely regarded as one of the world 's greatest players .
according to reports in spain , di stefano was on a street close to the bernabeu when he had the heart attack .
the hospital said the emergency services were able to stabilise him .
the medical report , which madrid published on their official website , said : ` the patient is currently in the coronary unit at the gregorio maranon hospital .
he is under sedation , with endotracheal intubation and artificial ventilation , and is being subjected to the relevant clinical trials .
` the patient is clinically and haemodynamically stable , but his condition remains serious .
` madrid said that president florentino perez had visited di stefano at the hospital .
cups over runneth : argentine-spanish forward -lrb- r -rrb- helped real madrid towards five european cups in the 1950s .
di stefano is one of madrid 's finest ever players .
he was central to the club 's domination of european football in the 1950s , helping them win the european cup for five successive seasons from 1956 to 1960 .
the argentina-born forward played for the club from 1953 to 1964 , winning eight primera division titles .
he is madrid 's second highest scorer in history , behind raul , with 307 goals in all competitions .
he also had two short spells as coach of the club and is their honorary president .
internationally , he played mainly for spain but also represented argentina and colombia .
the next medical report will be issued at noon local time on sunday .
galactico greeting : alfredo di stefano would often welcome new real madrid signings at the bernebeu .