by .
wills robinson .
a computer engineer who admitted causing the death of a woman when he ploughed a # 100,000 audi r8 spyder into her sister 's car was ` showing off ' , it emerged today .
saqib hussain , 24 , was speeding in the supercar when he slammed into a ford fiesta as noreen ryan and her sister mary returned from a family member 's 16th birthday party in hall green , birmingham , last august .
noreen , 49 , was killed in the horrific crash , while driver mary , 60 , suffered a punctured lung , broken pelvis , broken ribs and a chipped spine .
hussain pleaded guilty to causing death by dangerous driving , but noreen 's relatives revealed that he already had a speeding conviction to his name .
scroll down for video .
victim : computer engineer saqib hussain , 24 -lrb- right -rrb- has been told that prison is ` inevitable ' after he admitted causing 49-year-old noreen ryan 's death by dangerous driving .
horror crash : norren died and her sister mary was seriously injured after the hired audi r8 spyder slammed into them as they made their way back from a family birthday in halls green , birmingham .
hussain initially fled the scene but was arrested when he handed himself in at a police station later the same night .
and he pleaded guilty to causing death by dangerous driving and whilst uninsured when he appeared at birmingham crown court yesterday .
hussain , from acocks green , birmingham , also admitted causing serious injury to two other people , including the passenger of his car , by dangerous driving and failing to stop after a collision .
judge melbourne inman qc bailed hussain and banned him from driving until his sentencing on september 15 .
he told him : ` you must understand that for the gravity of this offence a prison sentence is inevitable .
' prosecutor joanne barker told the court hussain would n't have ploughed into and killed noreen if he had not been speeding .
she said : ` it is not the prosecution case he was racing with the mercedes vehicle behind .
the prosecution would submit he may well have been showing off .
` he did not adjust his speed despite seeing her .
he