by .
helen pow .
published : .
19:04 est , 27 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:04 est , 27 october 2013 .
an oklahoma family has shared the heartbreaking tale of how three of four unrelated daughters-in-law were diagnosed with breast cancer , with one tragically losing her life .
robert and wilma wehrenberg had four boys - mark , michael , david and paul .
the couple had wanted a girl but decided their sons ' wives would be the daughters they never had .
` and that 's what we had - four wonderful daughters-in-law , ' robert told newsok.com .
stacy wehrenberg , michael 's wife , was the first to be diagnosed , in 2010 .
the couple worked together at the university of oklahoma and married on new year 's eve 2002 .
not long after , they had their daughter abbey , who 's now 9 .
tragic : stacy wehrenberg , pictured right , was the first to be diagnosed , in 2010 .
she lost her battle in 2012 .
tammy , pictured left with her husband paul , was next , however she has now finished treatment .
it was around the holidays that doctors told the family stacy had a type of breast cancer that was fairly simple to treat .
in january 2011 , they told her they were wrong .
it turned out she had a rare form of breast cancer known as metaplastic carcinoma , which is already considered invasive at diagnosis .
doctors removed the tumor but the cancer was aggressive and had already spread through her blood system .
stacy finished her chemotherapy in october 2011 and had two good months , including a happy thanksgiving that her family will always cherish .
not again : amy , pictured left , was the last to be diagnosed but is now cancer free .
but predictably her cancer came back .
in march 2012 , she went to the doctor complaining of aches and pains .
she was told the cancer had spread through her bones and she was given six months to live .
' i think most doctors agreed that she just really never got over it , ' her husband michael said .
despite .
the grim prognosis , stacy did n't give up .
she enrolled in