by .
amanda williams for mailonline .
the conditions are not exactly ideal for batting .
but the water logged pitch does n't deter the two teams involved in this historic cricket match .
members of the royal southern yacht club and island sailing club faced off in their annual grudge and managed to battle it out for at least an hour before the waves washed in and swamped the pitch .
bramble bank is a sandbar in the centre of the solent - the stretch of water between the isle of wight and the hampshire coastline .
it is uncovered only once a year - for about an hour - when the lowest tide reveals a temporary 200-metre-long ` pitch ' .
during that time the two sides , the royal southern yacht club , from hamble , hampshire and the island sailing club , from cowes on the isle of wight , sail out from the opposite coasts for their match .
the tradition , which began in the 1950s , includes the teams taking it in turns to win and always ends with a celebratory meal .
this year it was the turn of the islanders , who enjoyed a resounding victory in front of a good crowd .
rival teams from the royal southern yacht club and the island sailing club compete in a game of cricket on the brambles bank sandbank at dawn .
the sandy wicket only appears for a few minutes on the lowest tide of the year in the middle of the solent between cowes and southampton - just enough time for a quick game before ` tide stops play ' members of the royal southern yacht club and island sailing club faced off in their annual grudge manage to battle it out for at least an hour before the waves washed in and swamped the pitch .
the sandbank is uncovered only once a year - for about an hour - when the lowest tide reveals a temporary 200-metre-long ` pitch ' .
during that time the two sides , sail out from the opposite coasts for their match .
the players ' once immaculate whites look a little worse for wear as the waves wash in to the match .
one of the stranger things about an already unusual event is that the rare tide and wind patterns which cause