by .
mail on sunday reporter .
published : .
08:08 est , 8 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
06:42 est , 11 june 2012 .
concerns that the duke of edinburgh might still be out of sorts after his bladder infection were quickly dispelled when he offered a characteristically dry retort to a reporter 's question as he left hospital yesterday .
when asked if he was feeling better as he left the edward vii hospital in london , the duke -- who is 91 today -- replied with the hint of a smile : ` well i would n't be coming out if i was n't !
' prince philip missed some of the queen 's diamond jubilee events because of his five-night hospital stay , and yesterday his granddaughter princess eugenie said his absence for the final two days of the jubilee celebrations was keenly felt by the queen .
good news : prince philip smiled and waved as he headed home to be with his family at windsor for a private celebration tomorrow .
walking tall : the duke of edinburgh looked in good spirits as he left hospital this morning .
` together , they are invincible .
they are the most incredibly supportive couple to each other , ' the 22-year-old said .
` for granny to come and do that alone was probably quite testing and i think he is her rock , really , and she is his .
' prince philip is expected to attend a .
diamond jubilee garden party at sandringham on tuesday and accompany the .
queen on a two-day trip to the east midlands on wednesday .
the prince 's birthday will be .
celebrated by the king 's troop royal horse artillery when it fires a .
41-gun salute in his honour in hyde park , london , tomorrow but philip is .
not expected to attend .
a buckingham palace spokesman .
confirmed that prince philip was heading back to windsor to spend his .
birthday celebrating privately with his family .
the spokesman said : ` he 's out of hospital , his condition is improving and he will continue his convalescence at home .
' heading home : the duke of edinburgh had not thought he would not be back at windsor in time for his birthday after spending five