wigan chairman david sharpe is adamant the decision to axe malky mackay in favour of rookie boss gary caldwell less than 24 hours later was the right call .
struggling latics moved on to their third manager of the season on tuesday as former club captain caldwell was swiftly appointed in a permanent capacity after mackay 's disastrous five-month tenure had ended the previous day .
mackay left the club languishing in the sky bet championship relegation zone after taking just 19 points from a possible 72 and caldwell , who at 32 is the football league 's youngest manager , inherits a team eight points adrift of safety with just five games to go .
gary caldwell has been officially unveiled as the new wigan athletic manager at the dw stadium .
wigan chairman david sharpe is confident he has made the right appointment in caldwell .
gary caldwell -lrb- wigan -rrb- 32 .
adam murray -lrb- mansfield -rrb- 33 .
alex neil -lrb- norwich city -rrb- 33 .
lee johnson -lrb- barnsley -rrb- 33 .
karl robinson -lrb- mk dons -rrb- 34 .
but rather than making an interim appointment until the end of the season , sharpe made the bold call to hand caldwell a rolling contract which will see him in charge at the dw stadium next season , regardless of what division they are in .
` that shows how much i believe in gary , ' the 23-year-old sharpe said .
` it 's definitely not just for the next five games , he 's got a free hit at it really .
if he keeps us up it 's a miracle and if we go down it 's expected by everybody in this room but gary will back himself to keep us up .
` this is a long-term thing and we 're looking forward to the future with him that gets us back to our identity on and off the pitch and bring the positive times back to this football club .
' the good times seem an increasingly distant memory for wigan , who have had unsuccessful stints with owen coyle , uwe rosler and mackay at the helm after winning the fa cup under roberto martinez two years ago .
caldwell in action for wigan last year - the centre-back has been at the club for five years .
caldwell