a jury decided williams is eligible for the death penalty for the beating death of his 5-year-old daughter .
a federal jury on friday decided a former hawaii soldier convicted of murder is eligible for the death penalty in the first capital case in the history of hawaii 's statehood .
jurors will next deliberate on whether naeem williams should be sentenced to death or life in prison with no possibility of release for killing his 5-year-old daughter .
that phase of the trial begins wednesday and will include a new round of opening statements and evidence .
the same jury last month convicted williams in his daughter talia 's 2005 beating death .
the drawn-out case has gained attention in part because it involves a capital offense in a state that does n't have the death penalty .
hawaii 's territorial government abolished capital punishment in 1957 , before hawaii became a u.s. state in 1959 .
but williams was tried in the federal system - which allows for the death penalty - because the crime occurred on military property .
lawyers for both the prosecution and defense declined comment friday after the jury 's eligibility decision was read .
williams ' defense team argued he was not eligible for a death sentence because of his low iq .
mental health experts testified about intellectual impairments and low test scores .
the prosecution contended factors such as talia 's age and vulnerability made the killing so heinous that the death penalty was warranted .
torture : witnesses testified that talia williams , 5 , was beaten with belts almost daily when her father became frustrated .
jurors .
decided williams met all key conditions to be eligible for the death .
penalty : he was an adult ; his actions were intentional that resulted in .
the girl 's death ; and the crime was especially heinous and the victim .
was vulnerable because of her youth .
one juror appeared to cry as jurors were polled .
williams .
and talia 's stepmother , delilah williams , testified during the guilt .
phase of the trial that they beat her almost daily with hands and belts .
during the seven months she lived with them in hawaii .
naeem .
williams blamed the beatings on the child 's bowel - and bladder-control .
issues , coupled with frustrations