a self-styled lord who was released from prison as an ` act of mercy ' when he convinced judges he was gravely ill is clearly enjoying life as a free man .
edward davenport , nicknamed ` fast eddie ' , was jailed for eight years in 2011 for masterminding a # 4.5 million fraud where he hoodwinked the rich and famous .
last may he was released early after claiming he was ` at death 's door ' because of kidney problems and suffering the ` ordeal ' of having to leave prison each week for life-saving dialysis .
but eight months on socialite davenport looks to be close to a full recovery as he had fun with a friend on saturday .
new life : eight months after being released from prison on health grounds edward ` fast eddie ' davenport is seen here kissing a friend on saturday .
he was seen kissing and hugging an unnamed woman as they walked through central london .
as a property developer and party organiser he made millions and boasted of befriending guests including supermodel kate moss and princes william and harry .
his # 30million home , a mansion in london 's west end , was the former sierra leone high commission and was used as a location for the oscar-winning film the king 's speech .
but the socialite was ruined when he was exposed as a fraudster who duped victims out of their life savings through bogus start-up loan schemes and jailed - only for his health to falter .
last year he was pictured handcuffed to a prison guard in hospital after undergoing a second kidney transplant .
he said at the time : ` i know i 'm fighting a death sentence .
` i feel like an old man shuffling around , chained to a prison officer even when i want to go to the bathroom .
' i ca n't even wear my own silk pyjamas -- i have to wear the hospital ones .
the truth is i feel shaky .
i know i 'm at death 's door ' .
fall from grace : davenport was one of london 's richest and most popular socialites until he was convicted of a multi-million pound fraud and later required a second kidney transplant .
contrast : a grey-looking davenport shortly before he was