in a market saturated with fizzy drinks , fancy re-hydration or sports drinks and a variety of tasty juices , the most healthy of all , water , hardly gets a look in .
this probably explains why new research has revealed that less than one third -lrb- 29 % -rrb- of australians actually drink the correct amount of water each day , leaving the rest at risk of dehydration .
and with summer right on our doorstep , keeping hydrated in the hot weather is essential .
less than a third of aussies drink the recommended amount of water per day , leaving the rest at risk of dehydration .
the study by thermos australia also found that not drinking enough water often had a noticeable affect on performance .
the study by thermos australia also found that not drinking enough water often had a noticeable affect on performance with 80 per cent who failed to drink the recommended amount feeling an impact on their body .
and for those that did feel an impact , almost three quarters -lrb- 69 % -rrb- noticed feelings of dehydration when they failed to guzzle enough water , around 57 per cent got headaches and 44 per cent experienced exhaustion .
most would n't think it but according to a study from the university of barcelona , being dehydrated by just two per cent impairs performance of the simplest of tasks , like throwing a ball .
it only takes one to two per cent loss of body water to cause mild dehydration , impacting tasks that require attention and psychomotor , which is the relationship between cognitive functions and physical movements .
and surprisingly drinking less water can also have an affect on your mood and make you a lot less productive .
being dehydrated by just two per cent impairs performance of the simplest of tasks , like throwing a ball .
with soft drinks -lrb- pictured left -rrb- , juices -lrb- pictured right -rrb- and sports drinks taking over the market , water has been forgotten with less than a third of aussies actually drinking enough each day .
findings show over a third -lrb- 37 % -rrb- of those who suffer health issues experience low mental awareness , while a further 30 per cent said they slip into a poor mood without the right consumption of h2o each