by .
corey charlton .
the theft of an american flag from the family of a firefighter killed in september 11 is causing heartache as they desperately plead for its return .
the flag stolen from the front of melissa brengel 's long island property was flown over the world trade center during the recovery and cleanup and was later gifted to her from the september 11 families association .
her brother jonathan ielpi was a new york firefighter killed in the .
terrorist attacks on the morning of september 11 , 2001 .
firefighter jonathan ielpi , left , was killed in the september 11 attacks on the world trade center .
his sister , melissa brengel is now pleading for the return of the flag that was given to her in his memory .
nbc new york reported mrs brengel said the flag was still at the front of her property when she returned home about 10.30 pm on monday , but it had disappeared some time during the night .
` we put it out during certain times of the year just to remember , ' she said .
' i do n't think there 's a way -lsb- the thief -rsb- could have known , but at the same time , they 're coming onto my property and taking something that means so much to me and so many americans .
' jonathan ielpi , 29 , phoned his father lee on the day of the attack to tell him he was en route to the site .
he did not make it out of the south tower .
his father is also a firefighter and is a co-founder of tribute wtc , which pays homage to the victims of the attack .
it is not the first time the insensitive handling of her brother 's passing and his memory has caused heartache .
last year brengel was outraged after the cast member of a reality tv show was depicted in a photo shoot acting flippantly around her brother 's memorial .
she was watching the bravo reality tv show ` princesses : long island ' when she saw one of the cast members began to act imprudently around the statue of the firefighter who was her brother .
she later said she felt her blood boil : ` it may not be against the law