by .
tim shipman , deputy political editor .
published : .
17:21 est , 22 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
19:38 est , 22 june 2012 .
no cap : labour party leader ed miliband tried to win back support from voters by outlining plans to combat immigration within the eu .
ed miliband refused to back a cap on immigration yesterday -- despite admitting it was still ` too high ' .
he outlined plans to combat immigration from within the european union in an effort to win back support from voters who felt the labour government abandoned them by supporting the huge influx of foreign workers .
but his attempt to convince voters that his party has learned its lesson on immigration was undermined by his failure to tackle the greater scale of migration from outside the eu .
the labour leader offered no prescriptions for restricting the total net immigration , which is still running at 250,000 a year .
the tories have committed to reduce annual immigration from the hundreds of thousands to the tens of thousands by the 2015 general election .
so far , the numbers have remained stubbornly high , but ministers say measures they have introduced in recent months to reform student visas and restrict the number of family members who can move here will begin to push numbers down .
but mr miliband refused to endorse that approach -- despite evidence that the huge influx of immigrants in recent years has left health , education and social services stretched .
he said : ` i am not going to do what the government does .
i am not going to make a blanket promise about numbers .
the answer to numbers is it depends who is coming in and what they are coming here to do .
` on low skill migration i think numbers are probably still too high .
i 'd like to do something about it .
but most of that is from within the eu because we have tightened up the other routes .
' mr miliband proposed new measures to prevent britons being ` locked out ' of jobs by foreign workers , including forcing firms to declare if they employ high numbers of immigrants .
labour would ban employment agencies that only use foreign workers and job centres would have to