a paste that mimics and even helps to rebuild worn tooth enamel could soon bring relief to sufferers of sensitive teeth .
researchers in taiwan have developed a material that can form a barrier over areas of teeth that are responsible for causing pain when eating hot or cold foods .
the study found that when tested on dogs , the paste provided relief for at least 70 days .
scroll down for video .
the paste developed by the researchers enters the exposed dentine tubes -lrb- a -rrb- and gradually crystalises -lrb- b -rrb- until the tube is completely sealed -lrb- c -rrb- preventing the fluid in the tubes from being disturbed and causing pain .
at least one in five adults suffer from sensitive teeth at some point and the problem is particularly high among people aged between 40 and 50 years old .
it is caused by areas of the soft dentine that lies beneath the hard enamel of teeth becomes exposed .
this dentine contains hundreds of thousands of microscopic tube-like structures that radiate out from the pulp and contain a fluid .
tooth sensitivity tends to occur as a result of the gradual exposure of the softer inner parts of the tooth that lie beneath the enamel , known as ` dentine ' .
dentine is composed of tiny tubules that lead to the nerves that extend though the tooth pulp .
these tubes are filled with fluid that can be disturbed by sudden changes in temperature that occur when eating or drinking cold and hot foods .
extremely sweet or hard foods can also cause changes in the fluid .
the movement of the fluid triggers the mechanoreceptors on the nerves in the tooth , triggering a short , sharp pain .
dentine can also be exposed as gums recede or if tooth enamel is chipped .
changes in the flow of the fluid in the dentine tubes due to physical pressure or hot or cold drinks triggers nerves located on the pulp side of the tubes .
now professor chun-pin lin , a researcher at the school of dentistry at the national taiwan university , and his colleagues claim to have an answer .
they have developed a material using calcium carbonate and silica that can seal the exposed dentine tubes and catalyse the regeneration of enamel .
they have now tested their