by .
daily mail reporter .
a rabbit was decapitated and left disemboweled for its owner to find as a spate of mysterious attacks plague two ice skating clubs in sweden .
the animal 's brutal death is the latest in a string of incidents to hit two local figure skating clubs in landskrona in southern sweden .
the rabbit was left in the garden of a new skating club owner last thursday .
feud : a rabbit was decapitated and left disemboweled for its owner to find as mysterious attacks plague two ice skating clubs in sweden .
the woman , who does not want to be identified , said she had gone into the garden to feed the rabbit when she saw the rabbit 's decapitated head next to it 's feet and limbs which had been cut off while its entrails strewn across the ground .
' i .
see the remains of my rabbit 's body ... it 's in my mind all the time , ' the mother-of-two told an english-language swedish news site , the local .
` it 's cruel and it 's cowardly .
but it 's too late .
' police who examined the scene concluded that the rabbit was killed by a human , most likely someone with knowledge about hunting , as the dismemberment was clean-cut and precise .
the woman said the same evening the garage at the family home was broken into .
she said her husband ran outside and saw a man biking away in dark clothing , wearing a hat and a jacket with the letter t emblazoned on the back .
brutal : the animal 's brutal death is the latest incident aimed at two local figure skating clubs in landskrona in southern sweden -lrb- file photo -rrb- .
the rival figure skating organisations hit by the mysterious attacks are , gf sport figure-skating , and the landskrona figure skating and sport club -lrb- lksk -rrb- .
for many years , gf was the only place in town for aspiring figure-skaters to learn the finer points of the sport .
but in late august , the woman began lksk , saying she wanted a more fun environment for children to learn to skate and bought skating boots for children to try out .
but she says the boots were stolen from her car ,