a cake-making prodigy is set to be the next mary berry as she prepares to publish her second cookbook .
amy-beth ellice , 17 , from essex started baking at the age of three and landed her first book deal with her recipe collection amy 's baking year at just 14 .
her second , all about entertaining , is now firmly in the works but the teenager has her sights set even higher - with plans to launch her own baking products and even become a tv chef .
already baking at five years old amy-beth -lrb- left -rrb- is pictured with sister lara-jayne , 10 .
amy-beth started baking at three-years-old and published her first cookbook , amy 's baking year , at age 13 .
amy-beth most recently hosted a cupcake-making class in harrods , london .
britain 's youngest published baker , who counts pixie lott and katherine jenkins among her fans , delighted a crowd with her recent demonstration .
she then signed copies of her debut cookbook in the toy kingdom department for thrilled shoppers .
amy-beth also has a regular column in ok! magazine and continues to supply other publications with tips and recipes .
the keen cook , who attends newhall school in chelmsford full-time , makes bespoke baked goods to order in her spare time , during summer holidays and half term .
but it seems the talented young baker gets it all from her mother gillian , who taught amy and her other daughter lara-jayne , 22 , how to make cakes .
amy gets decorating as she shows onlookers how to perfect cupcakes at a london presentation .
the young cook pictured with fans at her harrods book signing and cupcake masterclass .
amy picked up a particular knack for baking and continued to experiment until she soon took full control of the kitchen and the entertaining .
gillian told mailoline : ` when she was little amy showed an interest and passion , as i did when i was a child , in cooking and baking .
` she watched me cook all meals and bake birthday cakes for many members of our family from scratch .
' i always preferred to make my own cakes as i knew exactly what was going in them , they tasted nicer and they were -lrb- and still are -rrb- much