by .
chris parsons .
published : .
05:15 est , 3 july 2012 .
| .
updated : .
07:52 est , 3 july 2012 .
pioneer : female baseball star doris sams was a five-time all star player during her eight-year career .
doris sams , the pioneering women 's baseball star who inspired a hit hollywood film , has died aged 85 .
sams , a leading player in the all-american girls professional baseball league in the 1940s and 50s , passed away on thursday following a three-year battle with alzheimers .
the women 's baseball pioneer , a five-time all star in her eight-year professional career , also inspired the 1992 tom hanks film a league of their own .
sams , also called sammye , played for the muskegon lassies , and later the kalamazoo lassies .
she made the circuit 's honor team in 1947 and from 1949 through 1952 .
she averaged more than .300 during each of her last four seasons .
one sportswriter called her ` calm and cool at all times .
' ` sammye is the tempering force of the team , ' muskegon chronicle sportswriter james f. henderson wrote at the time .
` where another might become ruffled , she maintains a placid demeanor .
' sams played for the all-american girls professional baseball league , the brainchild of major league team owners philip wrigley and branch rickey as a wartime diversion , and they paid some 600 women players between $ 45 and $ 75 a game , according to the baseball hall of fame in cooperstown , new york .
their salary was several times what the mostly working-class players could make in jobs traditionally reserved for women , author barbara gregorich wrote in her book , ` women at play .
' wrigley reasoned that , if women could be used to build ships and aircraft , they could also be used to fill the nation 's ballparks while male players were at war , sharon roepke wrote in her book ` diamond gals .
' ` the women ballplayers would serve as inspirational examples to further the ` manpower ' mobilization , ' roepke wrote .
respected : sams was known by sportswriters for being ` cool and calm at all times ' ` in addition to playing ball they would raise money