by .
helen collis .
published : .
07:45 est , 18 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:41 est , 18 july 2013 .
a newborn baby has been allegedly burned to death after reportedly left in a faulty incubator in a chinese hospital .
graphic pictures of the scorched 12-day old infant have been made public after being released on china 's equivalent of twitter .
the tiny lifeless child has been laid out , face down , on a white blanket on a table ; the baby 's back and little legs are a burned dark brown and red .
his little feet look sooty and singed .
the new-born baby died after allegedly being burned to death in a faulty incubator .
stock picture of new-born babies born in china .
hospital staff appear to be mulling around the table ; some take photos of the tragic newborn .
the pictures are so graphic that all the online news sites that have accessed them from the chinese social media site , weibo , have blurred out the most burned areas .
news reports claim the child died from an ` horrific accident ' at quanzhou children 's hospital in quanzhou , fujian province , in china 's south eastern coast .
beijingcream.com reports the baby was placed in an incubator overnight as a precaution since the tiny tot had a cold , according to relatives .
the news service says the child was left overnight in an incubator which had heat pads that were far too hot , ` searing the meat off his back ' .
it describes the death as an apparent ` horrific accident ' .
hospital staff , including nurses from the ward , have refused to speak to the media .
also , disturbingly , the biejingcream.com reports that all surveillance footage from that night has apparently been deleted .
according to chinese news site guiyang news , translated by the shanghaiist.com , the hospital is so far refusing to accept responsibility for the baby 's death .
the alarming pictures are spreading across china and the rest of the world , after photoswere posted on the country 's social media site sina weibo , also known as wibo .
the site is becoming increasingly popular in china , where internet pages are censored and blocked by the state