caroline foxley , 58 -lrb- pictured outside gloucester crown court -rrb- , has been convicted of falsely claiming benefits while having # 308,000 in a bank account .
a middle class mother-of-two who claimed welfare benefits in britain despite having more than # 300,000 in a swiss bank account and sending her children to top fee-paying schools has been told she faces jail .
caroline foxley , 58 , of cradley , near malvern , worcestershire , who was described as ` greedy ' and ` thoroughly dishonest ' throughout her trial , has been convicted of falsely claiming benefits between 2007 and 2009 .
after the jury found her guilty at gloucester crown court today , the judge bailed her for three weeks for pre-sentence reports and warned her : ` you are in danger of going into custody .
' during the trial , the court heard how foxley had received # 306,000 from the sale of a cotswolds house in 2007 but deposited the money into a swiss bank account .
she went on to claim income support and jobseeker 's allowance from the department of work and pensions , as well as council tax and housing benefits from cotswold district council .
such allowances are available only to people with less than # 16,000 in capital assets but she did not declare the house proceeds and said she only had # 100 in a lloyds tsb account .
foxley claimed she did not regard the # 306,000 as her own money and felt it was in a trust for her german ex-partner dr kurt mayer and her two children .
however , her explanation was rejected by the jury of seven men and five women in less than an hour .
mr leathley , applying for bail for foxley , said she had recently been without a permanent address and some places she could stay were no longer available because friends had seen publicity about her case .
he said she had a month 's use of a house in cradley , malvern , which a potential employer had leased for her , but the offer of the # 30,000 job as his housekeeper was later withdrawn because of the publicity .
judge mcgrigor bailed foxley to the cradley address on the condition she surrenders her passport and reports once a day to malvern police ,