by .
emma innes .
published : .
05:57 est , 6 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
08:02 est , 6 february 2014 .
with new year 's resolutions long .
forgotten , it seems britain 's men are now turning their minds to finding .
love - with a bit of help , that is .
pharmacists .
say they have recorded a surge in sales of slimming productions , .
treatments for premature ejaculation and hair loss solutions .
and .
they say it is no coincidence that this sudden body consciousness .
coincides with the busiest time of the year for dating websites .
pharmacists say they have recorded a surge in sales of slimming productions , treatments for premature ejaculation and hair loss solutions as men log on for love .
in january , sales of treatments for weight problems , hair loss , premature ejaculation and erectile dysfunction jumped by 14 per cent compared to december .
last month , chemistdirect also saw an increase in the number of men requesting advice on how they can best get in shape for dating .
and while gentlemen across britain seem to be looking for love , the keenest are in london , yorkshire and the humber and northern ireland .
it is , perhaps , no surprise that men are keen to give their appeal a boost as last month dating website match.com saw visitors to the site increase by 25 to 30 per cent .
1 .
london2 .
yorkshire and the humber3 .
northern ireland4 .
north west5 .
wales6 .
scotland7 .
east midlands8 .
north east9 .
south east10 .
south west .
omar el-gohary , the superintendent pharmacist at chemistdirect , said : ` we have found a direct link between the rise in men buying these products and wanting to get back out into the dating scene .
` clearly , sales indicate that these four health issues are at the top of men 's agenda for their `` health mot '' , particularly as they affect confidence and self-esteem , which are important when dating .
mr el-gohary added that he has also seen growing numbers of men aged between 25 and 30 - almost 15 years earlier than normally expected - requesting hair loss , erectile dysfunction and premature ejaculation products .
he says the