by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
13:43 est , 26 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
06:33 est , 27 february 2014 .
a talented high school musician has died suddenly in maine , just three days after having surgery to remove impacted wisdom teeth .
benjamin edward lamontagne died in his mother 's arms in the early hours of saturday after his condition started to deteriorate after the routine procedure .
a cause of death for the 18-year-old has not been determined yet , but his parents , peter and lynn , believe it was caused by surgery complications .
tragic : talented high school musician benjamin edward lamontagne died in his mother 's arms in the early hours of saturday after his condition started to deteriorate following a routine dental procedure .
if his death is found to have been caused by surgery complications , it would be a rare occurrence , according to dentists .
while still grief-stricken , benjamin 's parents have repeatedly praised the efforts of first responders .
` the .
emergency response , we feel , appeared like magic , ' peter lamontagne .
` we recognized the challenges with providing emergency response on a .
rural maine island .
' benjamin 's mother lynn first called for assistance around 1am saturday when benjamin had stopped breathing .
the teen had reportedly suffered some typical swelling and pain following the procedure and by friday it had intensified .
and by the early morning hours , he was dead .
dr .
thomas dodson said that in 20 years of surveys at the massachusetts .
hospital he used to work at , not a single death was recorded in patients .
who had wisdom teeth extracted .
the dentist , who is chair of the department of oral .
and maxillofacial surgery at the university of washington in seattle , .
had not reviewed benjamin 's case but has decades of experience .
` i 'm .
trained as an epidemiologist , and i ca n't say i 've even ever read .
-lsb- about a death -rsb- anywhere , ' he told the portland press herald .
` the best part about him was that he did his own thing , he went his own way , ' said lamontagne ¿ s closest friend christian cilley , left