by .
belinda robinson .
she is set to become the future queen of spain , but one member of princess letizia 's family has called for a referendum on the entire monarchy .
henar ortiz alvarez , the aunt of the future queen letizia ortiz , made her feelings known on twitter tweeting : it 's time for the people to speak .
sign and retweet .
' just one day after king juan carlos announced his abdication and transfer of power to his son felipe , ms alvarez urged people to sign a petition on a referendum as debate about a republic heats up .
tweets : henar ortiz alvarez , the aunt of princess letizia described her political beliefs as secular , red and republic .
tweet : ms alvarez made her feelings known on twitter tweeting : it 's time for the people to speak .
sign and retweet .
' crown prince felipe and his wife princess letizia make their first public appearance since king juan carlos announced his plans to abdicate on wednesday - but they face calls for a republic .
the close relation of spain 's .
soon-to-be king and queen , also retweeted several other tweets calling .
on a vote over the future of the country .
one tweet featured a picture of text that read ` this person thinks that the title of the head of state should n't be hereditary .
' however , .
when asked why she would want to abolish the monarchy by one of her .
3000 twitter followers she replied : i 'm not against my niece .
let 's not .
confuse blood with politics .
' it 's .
not the first time that princess letizia 's aunt has made controversial .
remarks .
last year , in an interview with vanity fair she said her niece .
used to hold republican views before marrying her prince felipe .
during the candid interview , ms ortiz , described her political beliefs as secular , red and republic .
but .
when talking about her niece 's apparent change of heart since marrying , .
she told vanity fair : ' i think everyone has the right to change and .
become what creates most opportunity .
family affair : princess letizia ´ s relatives henar ortiz alvarez , left , menchu