anderson cooper 's next set of tough questions could be reserved for his long-term boyfriend ben maisani after pictures of him surfaced kissing another man .
maisani , 39 , was spotted in a close embrace with a dark-haired , muscle-bound man in a new york park .
the images may come as a surprise to the cnn news anchor after it was reported last month that he wanted to marry his partner as soon as labor day .
embrace : anderson cooper 's boyfriend ben maisani -lrb- left -rrb- kisses a mystery man while sitting in a new york park .
close : maisani , 39 , was reportedly on the verge of marrying news anchor anderson cooper .
clinch : anderson cooper 's boyfriend ben maisani openly kisses another man in a public park .
the wedding rumor came several weeks after cooper , 45 , spoke publicly about his sexuality for the first time , saying : '' the fact is , i 'm gay , always have been , always will be , and i could n't be more happy .
' there was no hint of upset from cooper last night who looked typically sharp in a navy suit as he joined other a-listers in new york to watch beyonce perform at the un headquarters for world humanitarian day .
it is believed that cooper has been dating maisani , who owns gay bar eastern bloc in manhattan 's east village for around three years .
the couple live together at cooper 's converted fire station townhouse and enjoy a low-key lifestyle , working out and going to dinner with friends including sarah jessica parker and matthew broderick .
they were encouraged to marry last year by anderson 's mother , designer gloria vanderbilt .
she reportedly helped the pair patch up their relationship after they struggled with conflicting work schedules .
passion : maisani , 39 , is well-known as the partner of the popular tv host and the couple live together in cooper 's new york townhouse .
sharp : the news anchor looked typically dapper as he attended beyonce 's performance at the un building in new york on saturday night .
wedding bells : cnn anchor anderson cooper is reportedly planning to marry his long-term boyfriend , gay club owner ben maisani .
here they are pictured leaving david barton gym