by .
ronnie esplin , press association .
john collins has no worries over race row celtic player aleksandar tonev ahead of their opening europa league clash with salzburg in austria on thursday night .
scottish fa compliance officer vincent lunny is looking into the allegation that the bulgarian forward racially abused aberdeen full-back shay logan during saturday 's premiership fixture at celtic park which the home side won 2-1 to register their first win in five games .
afterwards a celtic spokesman said : ` we have spoken to the player and he has stated that the accusation made is not true .
' aleksandar tonev -lrb- right -rrb- has been accused of racially abusing aberdeen 's shay logan .
celtic assistant manager john collins says the club are not concerned about the allegations against tonev .
the bulgarian midfielder aleksandar tonev denies that he used racist language towards shay logan .
speaking at glasgow airport before the scottish champions flew out to austria , hoops ' assistant collins said : ` he will be fine for the game .
the club has made a statement and so we will move forward .
' stand-in captain charlie mulgrew is out with a knee injury while winger james forrest remains out with a hamstring injury .
defenders mikael lustig is out with groin injury and adam matthews is missing with a calf injury while new loan signing from manchester city john guidetti has to drop out as he was not registered in time .
collins is glad to see the return of skipper scott brown who made his first appearance of the season against aberdeen after recovering from a hamstring injury .
celtic captain scott brown should be fit to play against salzburg after coming through saturday 's game .
john collins praised his captain scott brown and said it was like having two or three players back in the side .
he said : ` it is great to have him back .
anyone who was at the game on saturday or watched it on television , he brings so much experience , legs , power , skill and drives other players forward .
` it is like having two or three players back when scott is back in the park .
' the former celtic midfielder is looking for celtic to go all the way in the competition