by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
09:13 est , 21 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:29 est , 22 june 2013 .
media magnate sumner redstone may soon be changing diapers at the age of 90 .
his 42-year-old girlfriend , sydney holland , has just adopted a baby girl .
ms holland told the daily news that she is looking forward to her arrival .
happy couple adopting : billionaire sumner redstone ¿ s 42-year-old girlfriend sydney holland , is adopting a child , alexandra red .
her name was inspired by his .
' i recently adopted a baby on my own , and i am very excited to experience both the joys and challenges of motherhood .
' a spokesperson for viacom said that child was called alexandra red -lrb- shortened from redstone -rrb- so the media would n't find out .
redstone celebrated his 90th birthday last month with a lavish l.a. party where tony bennett performed for a crowd including mark wahlberg , danny devito and tom cruise .
now a nonagenarian , he 's reportedly worth $ 4.7 billion , making him forbes ' 91st richest person in the world .
may-december couple : almost 50 years separate sumner redstone from his 42-year-old girlfriend sydney holland .
sumner redstone : worth $ 4.7 billion , mr redstone is 91st on the forbes rich-list .
he is the majority shareholder in the national amusements theater chain , cbs corporation , viacom , mtv networks , bet , and the film studio paramount pictures .
the media mogul has been married twice before , first to phyllis gloria for 50 years and then to paula fortunato for seven years .
mr redstone and ms. holland have almost 50 years separating them , but they have been dating for about three years .
the baby would make three for the entertainment industry tycoon , whose family claims majority shares in viacom , mtv , cbs and paramount pictures .
redstone already has two grown-up children , daughter shari , 59 , and son , brent , 62 .
ms holland used to work in the l.a. fashion industry but now runs a boutique tv and media company based in beverly hills called rich hippie productions .