by .
john drayton .
who will win the title this season ?
six-time olympic champion cyclist sir chris hoy has again been on the sharp end of abuse from disgruntled football fans after chelsea supporters took to social media to vent their fury at referee chris foy .
foy sent off willian and ramires , as well as chelsea manager jose mourinho , in saturday 's 1-0 loss at aston villa as the barclays premier league leaders ' title challenge faltered .
mourinho later called on the premier league to stop sending foy to officiate at chelsea matches .
foy , meanwhile , is to be sent to hull on saturday by the premier league for the match with west brom .
olympic legend sir chris hoy -lrb- left -rrb- was on the receiving end of some twitter abuse on saturday after chelsea fans mistook him for referee chris foy -lrb- right -rrb- .
sir chris hoy received a barrage of criticism following the match between chelsea and aston villa on saturday .
chelsea fans were left angered after foy sent off two of their players and ordered manager jose mourinho from the bench during the match at villa park .
one twitter user called sir chris ` the worst referee i have ever seen ' , while another admitted : ` we were rubbish but chris hoy is a diabolical referee !
' another user of the site meanwhile declared : ` chris hoy has had an absolute stinker today , awful referee .
' the mistakes were quickly picked up by others , while some even predicted sir chris was likely to receive abuse after being the subject of similar messages meant for foy in the past .
dan walker tweeted : ` poor old @chrishoy could be in for it tonight #foynothoy #avfc #cfc ' .
despite being one of the most famous olympic athletes in recent times , sir chris 's twitter feed was bombarded with messages criticising his ` performance ' in the match on saturday evening .
the mistakes were quickly picked up by others on the site , while others even predicted sir chris was likely to receive abuse after being the subject of similar messages meant for foy in the past .
chelsea 's willian -lrb- right -rrb- is sent off by referee chris foy during the premier league match against