new drug : kadcyla can extend life by more than six months , but has been turned down by nice .
women are to be denied a revolutionary new drug for breast cancer on the nhs -- the eighth such treatment to be turned down in three years .
the rationing watchdog will confirm today that it will block routine use of the drug -- which can extend life by more than six months -- for those with the most aggressive form of the disease .
experts reacted with dismay to the decision , which means that eight consecutive therapies for advanced breast cancer have now been turned down since 2011 because of the cost .
kadcyla is the first medicine designed to attack cancer cells while dramatically reducing side-effects such as hair loss .
the treatment costs almost # 6,000 a month , totalling # 90,000 for 15 months treatment , which the national institute for health and care excellence -lrb- nice -rrb- insists is too expensive .
the nhs was offered a discount scheme by manufacturers roche , but nice wanted the price cut by 60 per cent .
roche said yesterday it would appeal the decision , which it said showed the system was ` not fit for purpose ' and would put british breast cancer treatment behind that of other countries in europe .
dr jayson dallas from the firm said : ` despite roche offering a significant discount we are once again disappointed that nice has not shown any flexibility on access to kadcyla , a drug with qualities that nice chief executive sir andrew dillon described on live television as `` impressive '' .
' scroll down for video .
he said more than 15 years of research and development had gone into kadcyla , backed by 30 years ' work on the underpinning technology .
nice 's decision to block the routine use of kadcyla has been condemned by paul ellis , professor of cancer medicine at king 's college , london .
he led trials for the drug in the uk which were funded by drug manufacturer roche .
professor ellis said the drug 's special mode of action -- which seeks out and destroys cancerous cells while sparing healthy tissue from unnecessary damage -- made it a ` truly revolutionary drug ' .
he added that nice 's rejection was `