a new report says there has been ` a rise in poverty in working families and a fall in workless and retired families ' .
file picture .
one and a half million working families have been plunged into poverty since 2004 - the year that eastern european migration began to accelerate , a major new study has found .
the majority of the people now living below the poverty line are not dependent on benefits but come from homes where at least one person has a job , the study reveals .
almost half of the families who now count as poor have not one but two people in work , it said .
the large-scale study carried out for the joseph rowntree foundation found the fall of working families into poverty does not date from the beginning of the recession in 2008 .
instead , it reported that the remorseless rise of poverty among people who work for a living began in 2004 .
although the report does not attribute this to migration , the figure began to rise in the same year tony blair 's government opened the gates to allow migrants from eastern european countries the right to work freely in britain .
since then the eastern european population has shot up to around a million people , while high numbers of immigrants have continued to arrive from outside europe .
many of the new arrivals have been competing with lower-skilled workers in the existing population for low-paid jobs .
the report from rowntree -- which is headed by julia unwin , a downing street adviser when gordon brown was prime minister -- said there had been ` a dramatic change in who is most at risk of poverty compared to 10 years ago .
' it said there are ` more people in poverty living in working families , meaning as many are now in working families as workless ones .
' and the report , monitoring poverty and social exclusion , added that there has been ` a rise in poverty in working families and a fall in workless and retired families .
` the rise occurred mainly in the middle of the last decade , when the number of people living in low-income working families rose from 5.2 million in 2003/04 to 6.8 million in 2008/09 before falling back slightly .
' the