by .
sam dunn .
published : .
20:29 est , 21 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
20:30 est , 21 march 2013 .
savers will continue to be hammered by the rising cost of living after it emerged the government will not offer inflation-busting accounts for at least a year .
small print buried in the budget revealed the treasury will not relaunch national savings and investments index-linked certificates until april 2014 at the earliest .
the popular tax-free deals are a lifeline for savers , especially the elderly who need to protect their fixed incomes from price rises .
savers will continue to be hammered by the rising cost of living after it emerged the government will not offer inflation-busting accounts for at least a year .
some 900,000 thrifty households already have # 25billion stored in these accounts , which pay interest matching inflation -- currently 2.8 per cent -- plus as much as 1.35 per cent on top .
however , they have not been available to new customers since september 2011 .
the decision not to reintroduce them for another year means millions of savers will lose out .
currently , no ordinary bank or building society account 's interest rates can beat the rate of inflation -- meaning savers ' earnings will be outstripped by the rising cost of living .
basic-rate tax-payers need a savings account paying 3.5 per cent to beat tax and inflation , while a higher-rate earner needs 4.67 per cent .
however , analysis by the website savingschampion.co.uk found that the average rate paid on an easy-access savings account is just 0.77 per cent .
only a handful of cash isas pay inflation-beating returns -- but to benefit you need to be prepared to tie your money up for years , or have a huge lump sum to simply qualify .
anna bowes , savingschampion.co.uk 's director , said : ` what 's happening is an absolute travesty for savers , and it 's only set to get worse .
` those who have done the right thing for the future by saving have been hammered hard -- and now there is even less incentive for future generations to save .
' national savings & investments pulls in public money through a mix of savings deals , including index-linked certificates , and premium bonds .
small