emperor penguins are having to struggle up 100ft walls of ice as warmer temperatures force them out of their traditional breeding grounds just like in the film happy feet 2 , a study has shown .
the gravity-defying march of the penguins was spotted by british antarctic survey scientists in satellite images of four colonies .
the birds normally breed on thin sea ice , close to easily accessible food sources .
emperor penguins are having to struggle up 100ft walls of ice as warmer temperatures force them out of their traditional breeding grounds .
but ice forming later than usual in recent years has compelled them to move to much thicker floating ice shelves .
experts believe the unusual behaviour could indicate that the penguins are adapting to environmental change .
in the hit film the penguins become trapped by an iceberg .
they either have to climb out or slide down .
lead scientist dr peter fretwell , from the bas , said : ` these charismatic birds tend to breed on the sea ice because it gives them relatively easy access to waters where they hunt for food .
` satellite observations captured of one colony in 2008 , 2009 and 2010 show that the concentration of annual sea ice was dense enough to sustain a colony .
` but this was not the case in 2011 and 2012 , when the sea ice did not form until a month after the breeding season began .
the gravity-defying march of the penguins was spotted by british antarctic survey scientists in satellite images of four colonies .
` during those years the birds moved up on to the neighbouring floating ice shelf to raise their young .
` what 's particularly surprising is that climbing up the sides of a floating ice shelf - which at this site can be up to 30 metres high - is a very difficult manoeuvre for emperor penguins .
experts believe the unusual behaviour could indicate that the penguins are adapting to environmental change like in the film happy feet two .
` whilst they are very agile swimmers they have often been thought of as clumsy out of the water .
' the findings are reported in the online journal public library of science one .
because of their reliance on sea ice as a breeding platform , emperor penguins have