by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
23:27 est , 8 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
08:57 est , 9 january 2014 .
michigan hip-hop group insane clown posse are suing the justice department and the fbi , claiming their fans were classified by the government as gang members and then unlawfully harassed by police , leading to ` significant harm .
' the suit , filed wednesday in federal district court in detroit , accuses the government of making the ` unwarranted and unlawful decision ' to issue a national gang threat dubbing the fans a ` loosely organized hybrid gang .
' it is being jointly filed by the american civil liberties union of michigan .
singers joseph utsler and joseph bruce , who go by the names shaggy 2 dope and violent j , paint their faces to look like clowns and are known for their ` controversial , rebellious and provocative ' music that often uses harsh themes and language , according to the lawsuit .
scroll down for video .
lawsuit : joseph bruce aka violent j , left , and joseph utsler aka shaggy 2 dope , member of the insane clown posse address the media in detroit , wednesday , january 8 , 2014 after filing suit .
angry : the rap metal group sued the u.s. justice department on wednesday over a 2011 fbi report that describes the duo 's devoted fans , the juggalos , as a dangerous gang , saying the designation has tarnished their fans ' reputations and hurt business .
many of the duo 's estimated 1 million fans , known as juggalos , also paint their faces to look like clowns and display a logo of a hatchet man on their clothes and jewelry .
` branding hundreds of thousands of music fans as gang members based on the acts of a few individuals defies logic and violates our most cherished of constitutional rights , ' michael steinberg , aclu 's legal director in michigan , said in a statement .
the gang designation has caused the juggalos ` significant harm , including repeated police harassment and denial of employment , ' according to the complaint .
the lawsuit was filed on behalf of four juggalos and utsler and bruce .
controversial : the band members paint their faces to look like