australian teenage jihadist jake bilardi was expressing anti-western sentiments years before he fled to the middle east .
australian teenage jihadist jake bilardi was expressing anti-western sentiments years before he fled to the middle east to fight with terror group islamic state .
in comments posted about news stories and opinion pieces , bilardi pointed out the evils of australia and the united states .
earlier this week , fairfax media revealed a ` jonathan edwards ' , who was thought to be a briton when he appeared in a photo brandishing a rifle between two bearded men in front of a black is flag last year , was in fact an 18-year-old from melbourne .
bilardi is a high school drop-out who attended craigieburn secondary college - in the victorian capital 's north .
a collection of his comments seen on the website , disqus , showed the teenager was an avid reader of al jazeera .
they date back up to four years ago and most of them showed him weighing in on islamic issues .
in response to another commenter , bilardi tells them to ` get a better education on the real teachings of islam ' before airing their opinion in may 2011 .
' i am not a muslim -lsb- sic -rsb- but you see i am not a pathetic loser who does n't know anything outside of their own home and i actually have a life i do n't just go on the internet to abuse people and their beliefs , ' the 18-year-old wrote .
this came a year before the teenager , who has been dubbed the ` white jihadist ' , converted to islam and started worshipping at melbourne mosques , according to fairfax media .
later in the year , bilardi hit out at an american who he accused of islamophobic behaviour .
` the cia funded al-qaeda , the us government funded the taliban .
they brought this on themselves .
you are a prime example of an islamophobe , ' bilardi said .
` saying `` maybe if muslims did n't attack america '' , you do realise that less than 1 % of muslims are terrorists and that islamic terrorism only makes up 6 % of global terrorism .
' bilardi added americans were being influenced by local media , saying the same happened to australians .