by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
10:20 est , 27 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
13:36 est , 27 january 2014 .
the white house has announced that michelle obama will bring heroes of the boston marathon bombing , an nba star who came out as gay and a top teacher as her guests to tomorrow night 's state of the union .
the first lady always brings a group of apolitical americans to the annual speech with her to highlight their service and achievements throughout the year .
some will be recognized by many and this year one of those men will be carlos arredondo , who was wearing a white cowboy hat as he rushed a stranger - later identified as jeff bauman - to get medical treatment after he lost both legs in the blast .
out of the ashes : carlos arredondo -lrb- in the white cowboy hat -rrb- helped save jeff bauman after he lost both legs in the explosion and now they will both be guests of mrs obama at the state of the union address on tuesday .
moving past it : the two men , seen here at a september 2013 football game , have become close friends .
the iconic picture of mr arrendondo rushing bauman to first responders became a hopeful symbol of the devastating attack .
the white house said that the two men have become close friends .
heroes of the boston marathon bombing , a firefighter who led the rescue response to an oklahoma tornado , and an openly gay basketball player will be among u.s. first lady michelle obama 's guests at the state of the union address on tuesday .
another individual whose character came out in a time of crisis was cary bird , the fire chief in moore oklahoma .
he led the rescue response to the tornado that hit the town and killed 25 people .
` fire .
chief gary bird represents all of those who rallied together to help .
the community of moore , oklahoma - firefighters , police officers , .
teachers , neighbors - in its greatest time of need , ' the white house said .
in a statement announcing mrs obama 's guests .
tests of character : jason collins became the first openly gay basketball player in the