by .
steve nolan .
published : .
04:07 est , 24 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:43 est , 24 january 2013 .
a fijian soldier who spent 13 years in the army has sent his four medals to the prince of wales after a fight against deportation from the uk left him facing bankruptcy .
bale baleiwai , 32 , sent the medals to prince charles with a letter saying that they had lost their meaning because of the treatment received by him and his british wife and children .
the father-of-two could lose his bournemouth , dorset , house and faces possible bankruptcy after a costly fight to stay in the uk which he won last month .
angry : former soldier bale baleiwai , pictured left , with his wife kim and children lilly and sunny , has returned his army medals to prince charles , right , after a successful fight against deportation left the family broke .
honour : campaign medals , similar to those given to mr baleiwai , which were presented to prince harry and fellow members of the household cavalry regiment for service in afghanistan -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
in the letter he wrote : ` my service to queen and country have been dishonoured and i have been betrayed .
' mr baleiwai has earned campaign medals for tours of duty in northern ireland , bosnia , afghanistan and two tours in iraq .
according to the times , he added : ` throughout this period we have tried to be proactive , graceful and dignified .
` we have not even received an apology from this government and they continue to pass the buck ... i therefore feel i can no longer accept my medals .
' mr baleiwai 's six month fight for british citizenship began in june last year when he quit the army .
a fight with a fellow soldier had led to an internal punishment and a criminal record which meant that his application for uk citizenship was refused .
the soldier of 12 years was shocked that his application was rejected and he and his wife kim , 31 , thought a mistake had been made .
facing ruin : notice has been served on the baleiwai family home after his costly six month fight to stay in the uk