by .
emma reynolds .
published : .
04:02 est , 30 august 2012 .
| .
updated : .
06:36 est , 30 august 2012 .
a photo of a child murder has been posted on the dating website the killer used in the weeks before he sexually assaulted and murdered an eight-year-old .
michael rafferty 's image appeared on plenty of fish , attached to the profile of ` scoobmike ' , a ` non-smoker ' who ` is n't seeking a relationship or any kind of commitment .
' ` scoobmike ' claimed to be a 36-year-old from sasketchewan in canada and hoping to meet women between the ages of .
18 and 46 .
would like to meet ... killer michael rafferty 's photo was published on dating website plenty of fish .
the photo of rafferty , who is now appealing his conviction for first-degree murder , kidnapping and sexual assault , was widely published in the media after the killing in 2009 .
several women who had met the 31-year-old online testified at an emotional london trial .
the sick joke follows the disappearance of eight-year-old victoria stafford in april 2009 on her .
way home from school .
her body was found two months later in a field .
near mount forest .
rafferty .
from woodstock , ontario , and his former girlfriend , terri-lynn .
mcclintic , now 21 , were charged with her death , and mcclintic pleaded guilty to first-degree murder in 2010 .
the killer 's new dating profile says he ` love -lrb- s -rrb- to have fun , travel and laugh , listen to music , meet people , dance , watch movie -lrb- sic -rrb- .
' it says he is a six-foot ` caucasian pisces with brown eyes ' and with a high school education .
he describes his perfect first date as , ` dinner , movie , walk by the river .
talk and get to know one another , do something fun .
' disturbing case : victoria ` tori ' stafford was only eight years old when rafferty abducted , sexually assaulted and murdered her while .
high on drugs .
the photo was taken down by tuesday , according to the toronto sun , after an anonymous user contacted the site and the police .
plenty of fish spokesperson