by .
ben spencer .
published : .
22:50 est , 16 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
05:46 est , 17 october 2012 .
overhaul : education secretary michael gove is planning changes to a levels .
education secretary michael gove is planning to introduce changes to the a-level system in the next stage of his overhaul of the examination system , it was claimed last night .
mr gove is said to be developing an advanced baccalaureate which would see students studying a mixture of a-level subjects , writing a 5,000-word essay and undertaking voluntary work .
the plans are being developed soon after mr gove announced he would scrap gcses in core subjects and replace them with tougher new exams .
if his proposals are enacted it would mean the entire exam system for secondary schools will have been replaced in the space of thee years .
the new baccalaureate system would require a-level students to study ` contrasting ' subjects to give them a broad education , the times reported last night .
a candidate who chose a levels in maths , further maths and physics , for example , would be expected to pick a humanity , such as history or french , as a fourth subject .
mr gove also wants shorter and more open-ended questions in exams .
one option he is apparently considering is to limit the a-bacc to teenagers who choose at least two a levels from a list of subjects specified by russell group universities - maths , further maths , english literature , physics , biology , chemistry , geography , history , and modern and classical languages .
universities want to keep the present system in which candidates typically study four as levels , with grades awarded after a year , and continue with three subjects for a final year , known as a2 , which together comprise a full a level .
as-level grades are widely used by universities to select applicants for admissions offers .
but some academics want the education secretary to restore traditional a levels with exams at the end of the course .
changing times : the reform would see students studying ` contrasting ' subjects , writing a 5,000 word essay and doing voluntary work .
they say many undergraduates arrive at university unprepared for intensive study , especially in