pep guardiola has denied claims of a dispute with former bayern munich club doctor hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt , who quit the club on thursday after ` being blamed ' for the defeat by porto .
the 72-year-old , who had worked at bayern for almost 40 years , sensationally quit the bundesliga club , claiming ` the bond of trust is damaged ' , but guardiola has played down claims of a feud .
` the reaction is on me , i was disappointed , ' he told reporters in the wake of a shock champions league quarter-final defeat by porto .
` it was nothing to do with the doctor .
pep guardiola has denied a rift with the former bayern munich doctor who quit the club this week .
hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt -lrb- right -rrb- quit the club , claiming the medical staff had been blamed for defeat .
` after the champions league match of bayern munich against porto the medical department was for some inexplicable reason made primarily responsible .
the bond of trust is damaged .
' ` i 've been informed of the doctor 's decision and i fully respect it .
nothing happened between us , it was his decision .
injuries are part and parcel of football , they 're not the medical staff 's fault .
' muller-wohlfahrt 's decision came after bayern boss guardiola appeared to imply that wednesday 's defeat was down to a lack of available players , commenting post-match : .
` we have players who were out a long time with injuries .
their legs do n't last very long .
it 's a tough result to take into the second leg , but we 'll give it a go .
' bayern had just 14 fit players to choose from at the estadio do drago , with mehdi benatia , franck ribery , arjen robben , javi martinez and david alaba among the first-team regulars missing .
bayern lost 3-1 against porto in the first leg of their champions league quarter final on wednesday .
bayern boss guardiola looks perplexed as his side fall two goals behind during the early stages of the game .
guardiola also appeared to publicly humiliate muller-wohlfahrt eight days before his exit from the club , sarcastically clapping him when benatia left the pitch injured .
continuing at his press conference on