new details surrounding the murder of drug kingpin carl williams have emerged , claiming he was bashed to death in jail over fears he was being ` downloaded ' by police .
williams , who was sentenced to life imprisonment for playing his part in the murder of four people , was murdered at barwon prison in april 2010 .
reports have surfaced that williams was being used by police as a source of information on unsolved gangland crimes in victoria and crooks were becoming increasingly worried about what he would reveal .
scroll down for video .
new details surrounding the murder of drug kingpin carl williams have emerged , claiming he was bashed to death in jail over fears he was being ` downloaded ' by police .
williams was beaten to death with an exercise bike by fellow inmate matthew johnson in 2010 .
johnson was sentenced to a minimum of 32 years in prison for the gruesome murder .
williams , known as the baby-faced killer , was a key figure in melbourne 's brutal underworld war of the 1990s and immortalised in the popular tv series ` underbelly ' .
he was a central figure in melbourne 's violent criminal war which began in the late 1990s and eventually claimed more than 25 lives , with a sentencing judge describing him as a ` puppet master ' who decided who lived and who died .
williams , who was sentenced to life imprisonment for playing his part in the murder of four people , was murdered at barwon prison in april 2010 .
before he was killed , 39-year-old williams had been assisting detectives with the murder of police corruption witness terry hodson .
his father , george williams , has revealed that police had been putting pressure on williams to help with several other criminal cases .
it is believed that if williams had not been murdered , he may have helped to solve a number of high profile cases .
barwon prison -lrb- pictured -rrb- where carl williams was beaten to death by a fellow in mate in 2010 .
reports have surfaced that williams was being used by police as a source of information on unsolved gangland crimes in victoria and crooks were becoming increasingly worried about what he would reveal .
according to the abc , police had been planning to