they may have been beaten twice here by australia already to add to five defeats before christmas against sri lanka but , whisper it , england may just be putting together a one-day team that could exceed expectations at the world cup .
it would still take a giant leap of faith to consider england as realistic contenders but against all previous evidence -- and their long run of almost unmitigated 50-over disaster -- things just might be alright on the night .
certainly england seem to have stumbled on their best line-up in the nick of time - as they did ahead of winning the world twenty20 in 2010 - to at least confound the most pessimistic predictions of another dismal world cup failure .
eoin morgan has looked impressive since taking over as one-day captain of the england side .
coach peter moores , left , believes england 's tri-series form proves they can compete at the world cup .
click here to read paul newman 's report on england 's defeat by australia on friday .
the 11 players who should have got over a psychological hurdle and defeated australia in hobart on friday will almost certainly be the team that takes on a much stronger host nation in the opening world cup match in melbourne .
and if they keep on showing the improvement which has seen outstanding contributions from ian bell , steven finn , moeen ali , jimmy anderson and new captain eoin morgan here then they may just be able to go beyond the last eight .
england coach peter moores was in bullish when england made the long journey to perth ahead of another date with india at the waca on friday and a potential tri-series final against australia here next sunday .
` the goal here was to try to settle quickly on our side for the world cup and it feels as though we 're doing that now , ' said moores .
` it 's a squad with options and the good thing is we have three or four out of the side fighting to get in it .
` we desperately want to get to the tri-series final and we 've got a big game on friday .
if we get there we feel if we play at the top of our game it will be a really