an 11-year-old aboriginal girl with leukemia as died less than a year after refusing chemotherapy .
makayla sault , an obijwa girl from new credit first nation reserve in ontario , canada , suffered a stroke on sunday and died the following day .
the little girl 's devastated family released a statement saying the three-month course of chemotherapy in 2014 had damaged her body and that she had been improving with traditional healing methods .
scroll down for video .
visions : cancer-stricken makayla sault , who refused chemotherapy , said jesus came to her and told her she was healed in this youtube clip made in may .
she died on monday , her family said in a statement .
her parents , pastors ken and sonya sault , told thetwo row times : ` makayla was on her way to wellness , bravely fighting toward holistic well-being after the harsh side effects that 12 weeks of chemotherapy inflicted on her body .
` chemotherapy did irreversible damage to her heart and major organs .
this was the cause of the stroke .
we continue to support makayla 's choice to leave chemotherapy .
` at this time we request privacy from the media while we mourn this tragic loss .
makayla was diagnosed with acute lymphoblastic leukemia -lrb- all -rrb- in january 2014 and suffered terrible weakness and nausea from the chemotherapy used to treat the cancer , despite anti-nausea medications .
the grueling weeks of the chemo sent her cancer into remission .
however doctors said that in order to rid makayla of the cancer completely , she needed to undergo two years of treatment which would give her a 75 per cent chance of survival .
makayla 's parents allowed their daughter to give up the chemo , a move that prompted doctors at mcmaster children 's hospital in hamilton where makayla was being treated to alert children 's authorities .
in may , makayla read out a letter in a youtube clip about how chemotherapy was ` killing ' her body and that she saw a vision of jesus who told her she was already healed .
makayla stopped chemo after 12 weeks of treatment when she was diagnosed with acute lymphoblastic leukemia -lrb- all -rrb- in january 2014 .
the saults took makayla home , weakened and with a 10lb weight loss ,