ryanair could soon offer all-inclusive trips to holidaymakers as its chief marketing officer has hinted at plans to launch a holiday brand within the next five years .
the airline 's chief marketing officer kenny jacobs , who is tasked with improving its image , said it would be a ` logical ' move for the dublin-based carrier to expand into holidays to capture a larger share of the leisure market .
he revealed the plans as europe 's largest budget airline is in the middle of a charm offensive in a bid to win over passengers .
ryanair 's kenny jacobs has hinted at plans to launch a holiday brand within the next five years .
ryanair ceo michael o'leary -lrb- centre -rrb- and chief marketing officer kenny jacobs -lrb- right -rrb- hold a press conference with rhineland-palatinate minister of transport roger lewentz on 12 may 2014 .
long criticised for its surcharges and customer service , ryanair has softened its stance on baggage charges and booking conditions and introduced allocated seating and a new business class service .
it already offers bookings for hotel rooms , car hires and airport parking or transfers , but mr jacobs believes the no-frills carrier can do a better job of offering holiday packages .
he told ttg digital : ` if it becomes ryanair holidays at a point in time it is a logical way for the brand to go .
` we do a version of it already .
we can certainly do it better than we do .
the way customers are responding to the new improved ryanair , i think it will go forward .
' it comes as the airline attempts to shed its unsavoury image and tap into new markets to boost profits .
europe 's largest budget airline is in the middle of a charm offensive in a bid to win over passengers .
ryanair has softened its stance on baggage charges and introduced a new business class service .
mr jacobs added : ` people will say you will not have been able to do that with the old ryanair .
` we will always be a low-cost airline , but we are a travel business .
we are starting to open our eyes to that opportunity .
' ryanair insists its changes have already paid off with a rise in customers and earnings