by .
emily allen .
last updated at 9:51 am on 15th september 2011 .
prince alwaleed bin talal , 56 is accused of raping the 20-year-old while in ibiza in august 2008 .
a saudi prince is to be questioned again over allegations he drugged and sexually assaulted a young model on a yacht in the mediterranean three years ago .
prince alwaleed bin talal , 56 - one of the world 's richest men with an estimated fortune of # 12.3 billion - is accused of raping the 20-year-old while in ibiza in august 2008 .
the case was closed last year on the grounds of insufficient evidence but it has now been re-opened following an appeal .
the prince could now be called back to the island to provide a dna sample .
court papers said forensic tests on the woman found evidence of sexual activity and traces of a sedative .
prince alwaleed is a leading investor in .
both citigroup and rupert murdoch 's news corp. media empire , and held .
26th place on this year 's forbes list of the world 's richest people .
he is the nephew of king abdullah of saudi arabia and bought london 's savoy hotel in 2005 for # 250million .
the alleged victim claims she was lured on to the 384ft yacht turama after her drink was spiked in a nightclub on the island .
she said she woke up during the assault by a man she claims was prince alwaleed .
this week the prince issued a statement via his investment firm kingdom holding company denying the accusations , branding them ` completely and utterly false .
' he said he was not in ibiza in august 2008 and has not visited the island for more than 10 years .
prince alwaleed is a leading investor in both citigroup and rupert murdoch 's news corp. media empire and bought the savoy hotel in 2005 for # 250million .
the statement also said the prince was unaware of the allegations until earlier this week and said he could have been mistakenly identified as the attacker after someone impersonated him .
the statement said : ` the alleged encounter simply never .
happened .
indeed , the events could not have happened .
` neither his royal highness nor .
his lawyers were informed or aware of