by .
james salmon .
published : .
14:53 est , 31 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
15:21 est , 31 december 2012 .
the new year 's celebrations got off to a terrible start for many lloyds customers who were unable to get their money out of cash machines or pay by card .
gremlins in the state-backed lender 's computer systems left many stranded without money as they prepared for the biggest night out of the year .
revellers also received a nasty shock when the credit in their current accounts appeared to have been wiped out .
a terrible start to the new year : many lloyds customers were unable to get their money out of cash machines or pay by card .
the problems , which kicked off from 4pm , affected those with lloyds tsb , bank of scotland and halifax bank accounts .
halifax and bank of scotland are both part of the lloyds banking group , which has 22million current account customers and received a # 20billion bail out during the financial crisis .
frustrated consumers took to twitter to complain .
steve j tweeted : ` cash machines do n't work , debit card refused -lrb- so no cashback -rrb- .
what a great time for computer problems .
thanks ' .
brendan clark wrote : ` lloyds tsb has gone down again .
completely unacceptable .
new year resolution .
switch to a better bank .
' christina g said : ` i 'm with #lloyds -lrb- sic -rrb- my card was declined at train station , managed to get cash from cash point but receipt said my balance is # 0 !
' ` unacceptable ' : customers were outraged that they could not take out money from atms .
many also complained about their current account balances reading zero .
rachel tweeted : ` lloyds online banking is n't working and has wiped my balances down to zero .
i hope to god this is a late millennium bug and our debt is wiped .
' lloyds claimed the problems were resolved within an hour .
but the creaking computer systems of britain 's biggest banks have been under the spotlight since millions of royal bank of scotland and natwest customers were locked out of their accounts due to a technical problem in june .
it