by .
james rush .
published : .
05:44 est , 3 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
09:38 est , 3 march 2014 .
for most of its working life it was more often seen thousands of feet in the air , jetting passengers off to far-flung and exotic destinations .
but this decommissioned airbus a321 ended up causing motorway traffic jams as it made its final journey to an aeroplane graveyard yesterday .
accompanied by a police escort , the partially-dismantled aircraft was on its way to cotswold airport , in gloucestershire , from south wales .
abnormal load : a partially-dismantled aeroplane caused tailbacks as it made its way from south wales to cotswold airport , in gloucestershire .
tailbacks : the slow-moving load took up two lanes across the m4 and caused tailbacks yesterday .
natural setting : the airbus a321 in its more usual setting , coming in to land at heathrow airport .
measuring 20ft wide , 16ft high and 151ft long , the ` abnormal load ' weighed 58 tonnes .
before the weekend police were keen to warn motorists the plane could cause delays , with a spokesman saying : ` due to the size of this transporter it will be slow moving and will have the potential to create congestion .
` wherever possible , disruption will be kept to a minimum but hauliers and motorists are asked to please be patient if they come across this load .
` anyone travelling over this period to catch a flight or meet appointments should allow sufficient additional time .
' the massive fuselage , which took up .
two lanes across the m4 , was due to travel on the second weekend in .
february but storms delayed its journey .
the a321 , which is is the largest member of the airbus a320 family , was launched in 1988 and first delivered in 1994 .
delays : before the weekend police were keen to warn motorists the plane could cause delays .
final journey : the massive fuselage was due to travel on the second weekend in february but storms delayed its journey .
it has an extended operating range of 3,000 nautical miles and can carry 185 passengers .
cotswold airport features the biggest graveyard for aeroplanes in the uk .
the team at air salvage international ,