by .
beth stebner .
published : .
11:58 est , 24 march 2012 .
| .
updated : .
07:28 est , 25 march 2012 .
a 20-year-old college student is dead and another man is being sought by police after a late night altercation in the new york city subway turned deadly .
laguardia community college student joshua basin died friday night after an oncoming train pinned him between the tracks and the platform at the bedford avenue stop in brooklyn .
police are now hunting for a man identified in his 30s that witnesses say pushed him onto to tracks .
manhunt : the nypd released a sketch of the man who allegedly pushed college student joshua basin on the subway tracks ; though he managed to escape , basin was run over by an oncoming train .
late night fight : 20-year-old joshua basin died after he was struck by an oncoming l train at bedford avenue in brooklyn .
the howard beach , queens resident got into a verbal argument with another man while riding a manhattan-bound l train , police said .
he and the man , thought to be white and in his early 30s , exited the train at the trendy bedford ave stop .
the man , wearing a black fleece , reportedly said , ` it 's showtime .
' that 's when things got physical , witnesses said .
during the fight , both men fell onto the tracks as hundreds of horrified witnesses looked on .
though the attacker - who is believed to have been drunk - managed to escape before the train came into the station , mr basin was not so lucky , and was hit by an oncoming train .
` when i looked , he was trying to pull himself out , but there was n't enough time , ' one witness told the new york post .
another witness told cbs new york : ` there was a woman kneeling beside -lrb- basin -rrb- , and she was doing the best she could .
investigating : police quickly blocked off the scene and are still looking for the man that was picking a fight with mr basin , believed to be a white male .
nightmare : hundreds of witnesses waiting on the platform watched in horror as the two fell onto