the live-in boyfriend of troubled country singer mindy mccready shot himself in his arkansas home on sunday night , it was revealed today .
new sheriff reports reveal that david wilson , 34 , was found in his house in heber springs with a self-inflicted gunshot wound and he was transported to the local hospital but declared dead shortly after .
singer mccready , who has publicly struggled with drug problems , described her live-in boyfriend as her ` soul mate ' and ` life partner ' as she announced his death on sunday .
mourning : david wilson , seen here with his country singer girlfriend mindy mccready , was found with a gunshot wound on sunday night and pronounced dead hours later .
` life partners ' : mccready , 37 , and wilson , 34 , lived together in a home owned by a wilson relative .
the official cleburne county sheriff 's department confirmed to mailonline that police and emergency services responded to a call at approximately 6.15 pm on sunday though it is unclear who made the call .
the house is the same one where mccready was discovered hiding in a closet in december 2011 with her elder son zander after a nationwide manhunt as part of a long custody dispute .
zander was taken from mccready 's arms and placed in foster care .
mccready 's mother and step-father had legal custody of him at the time , following mccready 's lengthy and public battle with drug addiction .
bygone era : mccready burst onto the country music scene in 1996 with ` ten thousand angels ' -lrb- left -rrb- , and she had her first son zander ten years later in 2006 -lrb- right -rrb- , seen here being held on stage by rosie o'donnell .
custody : mindy had been fighting for custody rights over her elder son zander -lrb- pictured -rrb- for years and allegedly was just awarded the landmark decision .
it 's unclear whether zander is living .
with mccready , if he has been returned to his grandparents and if he .
remains in foster care .
wilson is the father of mccready 's younger son , zayne , who was born in april .
` today , we mourn the loss of my life partner and my children 's father , david wilson , ' mccready