the saying diamonds are a girl 's best .
friend has been taken to a whole new level as the world 's most .
expensive dress has been unveiled .
the .
dazzling dress is encrusted with 2000 stones in total including the star of the show : the world 's rarest and most expensive red diamond .
the abaya created by british designer debbie wingham may be attracting masses of attention because of its # 11.7 m price tag , but will anyone actually buy it ?
pricey : the abaya created by british designer debbie wingham is the world 's most expensive dress at # 11.7 m .
rare : the abaya , which will go on sale at raffles in dubai , contains the world 's rarest red diamond , which is valued at # 4.98 m alone .
debbie first made her mark on the fashion world when she unveiled a # 3.5 m black dress encrusted with .
50 two carat black diamonds that weighed a hefty 29lbs -lrb- 13kg -rrb- last year .
her latest creation may be a simple abaya design -lrb- a loose over-garment , essentially a robe-like dress , worn by some women in parts of the islamic world including in north africa and the arabian peninsul -rrb- but the extravagant design and detailing makes it the most expensive item to ever go on sale .
meet the designer : the abaya is designed to respect the culture of dubai that debbie -lrb- pictured here with model -rrb- admires .
the extravagant garment will .
launch on march 20th at the luxury raffles hotel in the penthouse where she .
will hold private consultations and viewings with clients .
at the centre .
of the dress dazzles the world 's rarest and most expensive diamond .
one in every .
hundred million diamonds is a natural red colour and they are found on average every 50 years but generally too small to speak of , so this is something quite special .
the individual diamond has a value of # 4.89 m. shine bright like a diamond : there are 2000 stones in total , including fifty 2 carat flawless white diamonds , fifty 2 carat flawless black diamonds and 1899 pointer diamonds , all set in platinum .
there are 2000 .
stones in total , including fifty 2 carat