by .
emily crane .
a hardline muslim group has defended jihadists in the middle east against what they claim is a ` fear mongering campaign ' from the federal government after two australian militants appeared in a recruitment video last week .
hizb ut-tahrir australia says the insurgent group isis is being unfairly portrayed as evil in ` fantastical hollywood style ' , after prime minister tony abbott condemned the chilling video that called for australians to join the fight in syria and iraq .
uthman badar , spokesman for hizb ut-tahrir , was set to speak at the sydney opera house in august about whether honour killings could be morally justified before it was canceled late on tuesday due to public outrage .
scroll down for video .
uthman badar defended a cancelled speech he was due to give on the topic of honour killings at the opera house in august , saying the organisers insisted he talk about them .
` isis is being portrayed , in fantastical hollywood style , as evil incarnate on earth , having seemingly taken over from al-qaeda who previously fulfilled this bogeyman role , ' the group said in a statement on its website on tuesday .
` muslims in the west who make the sacrifice of going abroad to fight tyranny and assist the oppressed are characteristed as ` extremists ' and ` terrorists ' .
' more than 100 australians are believed to be fighting with middle east extremist groups like isis -lrb- islamic state of iraq and syria -rrb- , prompting mr abbott to warn the government will crackdown on home-grown terrorists .
the comments come after a chilling video was released by insurgent group , islamic state of iraq and syria -lrb- isis -rrb- , issuing a plea for australians to join them in their fight in syria and iraq .
` the government that stopped the boats will stop the jihadists , ' he said .
mr abbott said that while there would be no new invasion of iraq to quell the violence in that country 's north , australia would redouble its efforts to protect its national security .
but the prime minister was named by hizb ut-tahrir as the person ` leading the way in demonising islam and muslims ' .
` yesterday he was attacking and threatening muslims who go to fight abroad