united airlines has been plagued by nationwide computer issues that 's forcing the airline to issue handwritten notes to travelers .
passengers took their frustrations to .
social networking sites , with some saying boarding passes are being .
hand-written by united employees .
the glitch was another in a long string of technology problems that began when united merged computer systems with continental 's in march .
written up : passengers like media executive moira forbes took their frustrations to social networking sites , showing boarding passes that were being hand-written by united employees .
united acknowledged at least 200 delayed .
flights were affected by the error .
its passenger reservation system and website stopped working .
for about two-and-a-half hours on tuesday afternoon , although the .
precise cause was n't known .
the first formal announcement from the company came via twitter , when united confirmed the glitch on tuesday .
afternoon by tweeting : ` we have a network outage & are .
working to get systems back online .
we 'll update soon .
' the outage did n't affect planes in flight .
passengers in several united hubs .
reported very long lines at ticket counters .
during the outage it .
stopped sending planes to its hubs in newark , new jersey , and san .
francisco .
they grounded flights to its hubs in san francisco , houston , and newark , new jersey , earlier on tuesday but planes were taking off again by about 4:30 pm central time .
long lines and residual delays , continued into the evening .
blacked out : flights have been affected as united 's computers have gone down nationwide .
simon duvall spent two hours sitting .
on his flight waiting for the computer problems to be resolved .
people .
were calm but not happy , he said .
` we 're on a plane , on the tarmac in las vegas in the middle of august .
it 's warm .
it 's uncomfortable .
it 's cramped , ' he said .
rich pearson , head of marketing at .
professional freelance site elance , was stuck in houston on his way to .
present at a jobs seminar at the republican convention in tampa , .
florida .
planes were lined up on the tarmac .
` it 's