it is the game that has been enjoyed by generations of schoolgirls on sports fields across the country .
but now rounders may have met its match after a decision by the government to axe it from the gcse curriculum -- a decision many fear will wreck the campaign to get more girls playing sport .
rounders is played by seven million boys and girls in more than 80 per cent of secondary schools and is one of the most popular choices of the 100,000 teenagers who take the pe gcse each year .
popular : rounders is played an estimated seven million boys and girls in more than 80 per cent of secondary schools around the country - but it has now been axed from the gcse curriculum .
former player : the duchess of cambrige -lrb- front row , centre -rrb- was a talented rounders player and was the highest scorer in the 12/13 team at st andrew 's school in pangbourne , berkshire .
the game dates from tudor times and famous former players include the duchess of cambridge and singer jessie j .
but the department for education -lrb- dfe -rrb- has now removed it from the list of activities on which pupils can be judged in the exam -- a move critics said could sound the ` death knell ' for the sport in many schools .
the game 's official body , rounders england , said it was ` deeply disappointed ' by the decision which it claimed discriminated against girls when there is huge concern about the number dropping out of sport .
former players and teachers also lamented the move , with former olympic medallist gail emms saying she was ` gutted ' .
gutted : former rounders player gail emms - who won olympic badminton silver for great britain in 2004 - was left disappointed by the decision and said : ` i 'm absolutely gutted .
rounders at our school was a real leveller in terms of ability ' until now , rounders has been included in a list of more than 40 sports and activities , including football , cricket , rugby , skiing and equestrianism , which teenagers who take pe gcse can opt to be judged on .
in rounders , teenagers are assessed on how they strike the ball , how they bowl and field ,