by .
chris pleasance .
published : .
08:01 est , 19 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
09:48 est , 19 january 2014 .
actor bill roache has been pictured hugging members of a spiritual love sect just hours after leaving his first day at court .
here he can be seen hugging members of circle of love , a group which meets twice a month to practise spiritual healing , meditate and discuss the mysteries of the universe .
the coronation street star , 81 , spent two hours with the group at a community centre near altrincham , greater manchester , following the first day of his trail for child sex offences last week .
scroll down for video .
william roache -lrb- right -rrb- is pictured hugging a member of the circle of love sect as he attends a meeting of the spiritualist group in a community centre .
roache -lrb- left -rrb- , who is standing trail accused of child sex offences , has been a member of the group for years .
according to the sunday mirror , roache arrived at the meeting with his daughter , verity , and after parking ran through the rain to the main entrance where other members were waiting for him .
early last year roache split from his girlfriend , 44-year-old weathergirl emma jesson , so that he could be free to ` explore a mystic message of love ' after revealing he had joined the group .
the motto of the circle of love is to share ` wisdom , knowledge , but above all , love ' and meetings involve meditation , reiki - a form of healing using mystic vibrations - and discussions where members share messages from the spirit realm .
the main message of the group is that love conquers all .
they seek to 'em power each person to recognise their own knowing , their own truth ' and welcome people from any religion .
roache -lrb- centre -rrb- denies two charges of rape and five counts of indecent assault against girls aged under 16 which date back to the 1960s .
roache - pictured here arriving at court with his family - has played ken barlow in itv 's coronation street since the soap launched .
roache is currently standing trial at preston crown court accused of indecently