alleged culprit : genesis hernandez is believed to be one of the two people behind the faked reports of offensive and racist graffiti on vassar 's campus .
a string of offensive graffiti messages were made by a transgender student who was a member of a campus group that dealt bias incidents , according to vassar college officials .
one of the two known culprits was revealed as genesis hernandez , a transgender student in charge of the bias incident response team , and officials said that the offending pair were the ones behind some of the graffiti .
the school 's director of media relations told mailonline that they have only been able to pinpoint two of the six incidents to the pair , and the investigation into the other incidents is ongoing .
the pair are being held responsible to creating those two graffiti and then reporting the offensive messages to college authorities , pretending like they were not involved in their creation .
some of the messages - though it is unclear whether they were the ones attributed to the guilty pair or not - included offensive sentiments such as ` hey tranny .
know your place ' and ` avoid being b **** es ' .
another message found on a student 's door was ` f *** n ***** ' , showing that gender identity was not the only bias issue being addressed by the culprit .
vassar sent out an email to students .
on november 14 telling them that the school 's bias incident response .
team had been told of at least six different messages that were spray .
painted on dorm room doors across campus .
disturbing the peace : vassar college , in upstate new york , became concerned when six alleged instances of bias graffiti were reported , only to learn later that they were staged by the group reporting them .
adding up : the school did not formally name genesis hernandez as one of the individuals behind the scheme , but the transgender student dropped out of school and left his prominent positions in student government the same day .
the student-led group was designed to formulate the reports and provide support for the victims .
jeff kosmacher , vassar director of media relations , told mailonline the the birt is ' a group that gathers and