it has been a key part school chemistry lessons for more than a century , but now the periodic table may need to be redrawn after scientists found a rare element may be very different from originally thought .
researchers have for the first time been able to test how much energy is required to strip an electron from an atom of the radioactive element lawrencium .
the rare metal currently sits at the very bottom of the periodic table at the end of a group of elements known as the actinides , which sit in a separate block from the main table .
but the results of new research suggest the element may have properties similar to sodium and potassium , which may fuel arguments that it would be better placed in the main body the periodic table .
lawrencium , marked as lr on the periodic table above , currently sits in a separate block from the main table .
if it is redraw , it means that chemistry students could have to relearn the order of how the elements appear .
lawrencium , which was first discovered in 1961 by the nuclear scientist ernest lawrence , is notoriously difficult to make and only exists for a few seconds at a time .
this has made the element , which can only be generated in particle accelerators , extremely difficult to study .
there are several newly discovered atoms that currently do not appear on the periodic table .
two years ago scientists claimed to have discovered the existence of a new atom with an atomic number of 115 .
this makes it one of the heaviest chemical elements detected to date and does not occur naturally .
instead scientists had to synthesis it in the laboratory by bombarding a film of another heavy element known as americium with calcium ions .
the resulting element lasted for just a fraction of a second before it decaying into more commonly found elements .
although still to be officially named , it has been given the temporary name of ununpentium .
the international union of pure and applied chemistry has also recently announced that nineteen elements have had their atomic weights reassessed .
among those to have had their standard atomic weights adjusted are elements like aluminium , fluorine , arsenic , caesium , cadmium and selenium .
while some