britain 's first black prime minister will be a conservative , david cameron will claim today .
in a bid to woo ethnic minority voters , mr cameron will say the tories are the party of opportunity for people from all backgrounds who want to get on .
he will also set out targets for ethnic minority recruitment designed to persuade voters the party is on their side .
scroll down for video .
mr cameron will say the conservative party will one day be the party of the first black or asian prime minister .
highlighting margaret thatcher 's record as britain 's first -- and only -- female prime minister , he will say : ` we 're the party of the first female prime minister .
the party of the first jewish prime minister .
and i know that , one day , we 're going to be the party of the first black or asian prime minister .
' ` i want this to be an opportunity country , where no matter who you are or where you 're from ; whether you 're black , white , asian or mixed race -- whether you 're from the inner city or rural heartlands , you can make the most of your talents .
' the claim will be seen as a tacit endorsement of the leadership ambitions of culture secretary sajid javid , the only current asian tory seen as a potential contender .
it is designed to tackle the tories ' long-standing difficulty in attracting support from britain 's growing ethnic minority electorate .
the claim will be seen as a tacit endorsement of the leadership ambitions of culture secretary sajid javid -lrb- pictured -rrb- , the only current asian tory seen as a potential contender .
a report by the runnymede trust think-tank last week warned that suspicion of the tories among ethnic minority voters could cost the party nine seats at next month 's election and 50 within a decade .
some senior tories believe mr cameron has done too little to address the party 's reputation among ethnic minority voters -- and warn that the party could face similar problems to the us republicans unless it acts quickly .
mr cameron will today pledge to ensure that , by the next election , at least 20 per cent of tory candidates in