these pictures give a revealing first look inside america 's controversial new theme park .
children as young as 13 can shoot military-grade firearms at america 's newest gun-themed attraction .
machine gun america in florida is offering gun lovers full access to an arsenal of high calibre automatic weapons .
scroll down for video .
america 's most wanted : target posters at america 's newest gun themed attraction include osama bin laden .
bullseye : a visitor proudly shows her score .
one of the largest demographics frequenting machine gun america is young women .
customers can spray submachine gun bullets at target posters ranging from osama bin laden to vampires , with ticket prices starting at $ 100 .
even visitors with no prior weapons training are handed heavy weaponry such as the mp5 , m4 , and the glock 17 to destroy targets .
director of safety and training at the facility , wes doss , 50 , said : ` the experience here is right up there with what you would find on a thrill junkie 's bucket list .
extensive arsenal : gun lovers are given full access to an arsenal of high calibre automatic weapons at florida 's newest theme park .
no experience necessary : prior weapons training is not needed for heavy weaponry such as the mp5 , m4 , and the glock 17 .
visitors as young as 13 are allowed in orlando 's newest theme park .
safety first : an amateur shooter is assisted by a range safety officer , who goes through intensive training before assisting visitors with the firearms .
ready , aim , fire : each visitor to the machine gun park is paired up with a range safety officer .
on target : customers can spray submachine gun bullets at target posters ranging from osama bin laden to vampires , with ticket prices starting at $ 100 .
big hit : machine gun america in florida , usa , is already proving popular with tourists from the uk , brazil and finland .
prices start from # 66 at the attraction .
` we 've had a large number of uk families coming in to shoot as well as tourists from brazil and finland .
` machine gun america has a tremendous amount of potential - i believe it 's popularity is going to