by .
emma lowe .
published : .
19:50 est , 14 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:28 est , 15 august 2013 .
radio 4 listeners could be forgiven for thinking they had tuned in to the wrong station this week .
instead of the usual round-up of the day 's politics , they were confronted by a graphic discussion of pornography and sex .
to replace today in parliament , which is off air during the summer recess , the bbc aired the first instalment of a ten-part series called summer nights , featuring explicit discussions of swinging , orgasms , and sex toys .
to replace today in parliament , which is off air during the summer recess , the bbc aired the first instalment of a ten-part series called summer nights , featuring explicit discussions of swinging , orgasms , and sex toys .
and the broadcaster caused further outrage with a 15-minute drama , aired at 10.45 am , which focused on a married man who discovers he is gay by using pornographic websites .
listeners complained the scheduling was ` completely inappropriate ' yesterday , branding summer nights a ` porno you and yours ' after the station 's regular consumer affairs programme .
opening the show , at 11pm on monday , woman 's hour presenter jane garvey told listeners it would be different to their usual fare , saying it would contain a ` frank discussion of sex and sexual behaviour ' .
she added : ` if that is n't what you want to hear now then you can switch off and re-join radio 4 at midnight for the news .
' an ` expert ' panel -- including a ` sex activist ' and a psychotherapist -- then began discussing masturbation and sexual positions , while drinking red wine .
one panellist claimed people experience pleasure during rape while another described violent sexual fantasies .
listeners were also given a detailed account of what to expect in a ` vanilla ' porn film -- with susie orbach , 66 , explaining how the women would be ` waxed ' before sex .
the psychotherapist then described a sex craze among young people called ` mag and bag ' in which a woman 's face is covered during sex while her partner looks at a woman in a