a former marine changed his plea to guilty today on the first day of his murder trial after admitting to strangling his wife and dumping her body in a river .
caleb crew , 26 , appeared in court on monday morning for the first day of his trial in fairfax county , virginia and told the judge that he wanted to change his plea to guilty for first-degree murder .
crew , who served in afghanistan , had confessed to killing his wife andrea crew , 31 , and throwing her in the occoquan river last year .
scroll down for video .
caleb crew pleaded guilty in a virginia court on monday morning to strangling his wife -lrb- pictured left , with their two young daughters -rrb- and throwing her body in a river .
friends said that the ex-marine had been abusive towards his wife , a colombian native and the mother of their daughters , aged four years old and 11 months old .
in july 2013 , police received a 911 call from the family home in fairfax where mrs crew said that her husband poured motor oil over her , news 4 reported .
he was charged with domestic violence but at a court hearing but his wife agreed to drop the charges against him .
during a fight on the way home in the car on august 7 , the mother-of-two threatened to call 911 again .
the killer pictured with his wife on their wedding day .
mrs crew had suffered domestic violence at her husband 's hands before she was murdered .
the marine admitted he then strangled his wife with his tie in a parking lot , telling her ` goodbye ' , the washington post reported .
he dumped her body in the woods and later that night went back to put her body in a bag , weighing her down with dumbbells and granite .
he threw her in the river along the interstate .
he reported his wife missing to police the following day .
her body was found in the river by a person on a boat a week later and crew was arrested .
according to police , the couple had argued over money and the mother had suggested taking their daughters to live in south america .
he is due to be sentenced at