secretary of state for health andrew lansley told an nhs conference in manchester tomorrow 's doctors ' strike is ` pointless ' just eight per cent of doctors working for the nhs in england went on strike today , the department of health has claimed .
but despite only 11,500 doctors taking part in the action over the government 's controversial pension reforms , patients will feel the impact after their appointments and operations were pushed back .
one in 10 patients and a quarter of gp practices were affected by the action , with about 2,000 surgeries having at least one member of staff taking part .
a department of health spokeswoman said that about 2,700 non-urgent operations were cancelled and 18,750 outpatient appointments had to be rescheduled as a result of the action .
in some areas of england , 37 per cent of gp surgeries would see only those patients in urgent need of care as doctors took action for the first time in almost four decades .
figures from strategic health authorities across england showed the action affected services at 24 per cent of practices .
the figures , an early indication of the effect the action is having across england , show that there are varying levels of support around the country .
in some places up to a quarter of gp surgeries are affected by the action .
but in other areas ` only a handful ' of doctors are taking part .
details of the scale of industrial action taking place in individual regions are shown below .
the numbers emerged after andrew lansley today attacked striking doctors , saying the pension deal they are fighting for would come at the expense of lower-paid nhs staff .
the bma 's demands would undo efforts to ensure porters and nurses do not lose out on their fair share of pensions , the health secretary said .
earlier he urged doctors not to participate in today 's ` pointless ' strike , warning them it will achieve nothing .
the comments followed his revelation last night that pension contributions for doctors have cost the taxpayer # 67billion .
doctors themselves , thousands of whom .
are expected to be on strike today over reforms to their pensions , have .
only paid # 17billion towards their retirement , the health secretary .
said .
mr