roy keane told sir alex ferguson ` we need f ****** more from you ' irishman says he would n't have missed a drugs test like rio ferdinand .
keane admits he headbutted peter schmeichel in an alcohol-fuelled fight .
former man united midfielder does not regret horror tackle on alf-inge haaland .
keane ` regrets apologising ' to fergie .
irishman also slams fergie for rock of gibraltar dispute .
roy keane has revealed he knew how good cristiano ronaldo was the first time he saw him play for sporting lisbon .
the real madrid superstar played against keane 's manchester united side in a friendly in 2003 , and sir alex ferguson signed the 18-year-old soon after his impressive display in sporting 's 3-1 win .
in his new autobiography the second half , out this week , keane reminisces about the game , in particular the torrid time the portuguese gave united defender john o'shea .
` we were playing sporting lisbon to celebrate the opening of their stadium .
i saw how good ronaldo was that day .
he was up against john o'shea , ' keane said .
cristiano ronaldo caused john o'shea to have ` dizzy spells ' when sporting lisbon faced manchester united in a friendly , claims roy keane in his autobiography ` the second half ' ronaldo -lrb- right -rrb- caused o'shea -lrb- left -rrb- to require medical attention during the friendly before his move .
keane -lrb- centre -rrb- and ronaldo -lrb- right -rrb- became team-mates after united signed ronaldo .
keane says he ` knew ' that ronaldo would become one of the best players in the world one day .
ronaldo won the ballon d'or in january 2014 as the world 's best player for the year .
` sheasy ended up seeing the doctor at half time because he was actually having dizzy spells .
the club concluded negotiations after the game .
` we always joked with sheasy he had actually sealed the deal by playing like a f ****** clown .
in fairness to him , he was jet-lagged -lsb- from america -rsb- like the rest of us .
' keane also praised ronaldo 's dedication and attitude , the legendary former hardman having played with the young forward for two years until keane 's acrimonious departure from old trafford in 2005 .
' i