a heroic father has spoken of the moment he saved claudia winkleman 's daughter after her halloween costume caught fire .
jamie poulton suffered second-degree burns when he plucked eight-year-old matilda from a group of children and put out the flames with his bare hands .
his brave actions not only saved her from worse injury , they prevented her from setting fire to nine other children crowded on to a narrow doorstep .
describing the terrifying accident for the first time , the restaurant owner said he was just feet away when he saw matilda 's black ` wizard 's costume ' turn into a ` crackling ball of flame ' .
to his horror , the synthetic fabric melted in his hands as he tried to tear it from the screaming child .
scroll down for video .
restaurant owner jamie poulton suffered second-degree burns when he put out flames with his hands after claudia winkleman 's daughter matilda 's costume caught fire .
mr poulton said his daughter talulah , five , and son lewis , three , were left terrified after witnessing the accident .
and he warned other parents who dress their children in novelty costumes never to allow them near open flames .
the 45-year-old , who owns randall & aubin restaurant in soho , central london , had joined miss winkleman , around five other parents and ten children on their annual west london trick or treating expedition .
although he did not see exactly what set matilda 's costume alight , it is thought her cape touched a pumpkin candle .
he told the daily mail : ` suddenly , claudia 's daughter went up in a crackling ball of flame .
all the children were wearing the same kit .
it was like a potential horror film in front of me , because they were all going to go .
once she goes , then the next one catches and they are all going to go off .
` they were all on the doorstep together , right next to each other .
so i just picked her up and lifted her over the children , got her on the pavement and tried to put her out .
' mr poulton said time seemed to slow down as he tried to extinguish matilda 's flaming costume .
shockingly , the fabric