brendan rodgers has launched an impassioned defence of his abilities , insisting there is nobody better equipped to manage liverpool under the fenway sports group model .
it has been a difficult week for rodgers , with the meek manner of last sunday 's 2-1 defeat by aston villa in the fa cup semi-final ensuring his position has come under scrutiny like at no point during his three-year reign at the club .
fsg , liverpool 's owners , maintain rodgers ' job is not even up for discussion but that has not stopped jurgen klopp -- who will leave borussia dortmund at the end of the campaign -- being mentioned as a possible successor .
brendan rodgers insists he is the man to guide liverpool to success despite a disappointing season .
the liverpool manager is under pressure following the fa cup semi-final defeat by aston villa last sunday .
but rodgers has been boosted by the news that jordan henderson -lrb- left -rrb- has committed his future to the club .
but rodgers has not been rattled by the intensity of the criticism nor is he dwelling on the disappointment .
he is concentrating on building liverpool back up and wants the club to be ` really forceful ' when they embark on their summer recruitment drive .
` after the weekend there is always emotion , ' said rodgers , who will again be without daniel sturridge at west brom and is ` unsure ' when he will return .
` when you lose a big game this is when you find out you are at a big club because the critics come after you .
` three months ago , i was a tactical genius .
now i have lost a couple of games and it is not so good .
` that is something you have to deal with .
when i sit down and look at it , i will hold myself up against anyone to manage this club and to fit the model of what they -lrb- fsg -rrb- want .
i am super ambitious in terms of wanting to win and there will be no greater place to do that than here .
` of course in modern football there are lots of processes that go on behind the scenes that people will never be aware of .
in terms of what