by .
alasdair glennie .
published : .
22:15 est , 5 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:05 est , 6 september 2013 .
former bbc director general mark thompson has accused the chairman of the bbc trust of ` fundamentally misleading ' parliament .
former bbc director general mark thompson has accused the chairman of the bbc trust of ` fundamentally misleading ' parliament over the severance pay scandal , leaked documents reveal .
in an extraordinary submission to the commons public accounts committee -lrb- pac -rrb- , he accused lord patten of peddling ` specific untruths and inaccuracies ' over the extent of his knowledge of huge payoffs to senior executives .
on monday , mr thompson -- who is now chief executive of the new york times -- will appear before mps with lord patten to explain the debacle , in which departing bbc staff were paid # 369million over eight years .
in a 25-page statement provided to the committee this week , mr thompson challenged evidence given by his former colleague to an earlier hearing in july .
lord patten has consistently denied the trust was aware of the details of severance payoffs and has suggested the corporation 's governance body was misled over the issue .
but mr thompson said : ` the picture painted for the pac by the bbc trust witnesses on 10 july 2013 was -- in addition to specific untruths and inaccuracies -- fundamentally misleading about the extent of trust knowledge and involvement .
` the insinuation that they were kept in the dark by me or anyone else is false and is not supported by the evidence .
' mr thompson claims to have emails showing lord patten was wrong to tell mps he ` did n't know ' about two huge payments to departing executives -- a # 1.02 milion payout to former deputy director general mark byford in 2011 and a # 390,000 settlement reached with sharon baylay , the former director of marketing .
mr thompson said that lord patten was told both had received more than they were contractually entitled to .
he said : ` in fact , lord patten was himself fully briefed , in writing as well as orally , about the mark byford and sharon baylay settlements soon after his arrival as chairman in 2011 .
' mr