by .
simon tomlinson .
a satanist nurse who posted pictures of herself next to dead and dying pensioners at the care home where she worked has been fined # 800 by a swiss court .
blaze binder published the photos next to messages saying she was the ` soul thief ' and ` hail satan ' .
she asked her 2,000 friends on facebook , where she goes by the name ghostinthedark satania blaze , to guess if the pensioners were dead or alive .
sickening : satanist nurse blaze binder smiles next to a dying pensioner at the swiss care home where she worked in an image which she then posted on facebook .
after the day job : binder also advertises her services as a dominatrix on her facebook page , describing herself as the ` queen of pleasures ' the filipino-born 37-year-old , branded the devil nurse by local media , also posed in a nurse 's uniform outside an ambulance and in other images as a latex-clad dominatrix .
binder , who is married to a swiss man , had been working at the care home in mogelsberg when she took the pictures , but only published them after the facility closed .
in one comment , she wrote : ` gon na send them to hell where some belong , the rest in the compost pit for fertilizers - hehehe ' .
in response to a comment suggesting the posting was improper , the woman wrote : ' i can put anything i want in my facebook -lrb- page -rrb- it 's mine .
` people who does n't want what i post they can juz up and die death is normal people die all the time !
' brought to justice : a court in st gallen in switzerland , around 85km from zurich , found her guilty of ` violating the peace of the dead ' and breach of trust .
twisted : when interviewed by daily newspaper blick when the case was first revealed , the tattooed binder called the pictures ` beautiful pictures ' and said death was part of everyday life at the nursing home .
the swiss association of nurses said it was ` shocked and upset ' by the pictures .
a court in st gallen in switzerland , around 85km from zurich , found her guilty