with an election ahead and the weight of expectation upon him , david cameron needs all the support he can get ... and so did his knees yesterday .
panting , the prime minister wore support bandages on both legs -- and , observers noted , perhaps a little extra padding of the natural variety elsewhere on his body too -- as he got a soaking during a race along a swollen icy stream in the cotswolds .
mr cameron , 48 , tackled the annual fund-raising competition , known as the great brook run , close to his constituency home in witney , oxfordshire .
with mud smeared on his face , david cameron enjoyed a pint after crawling the icy water to get under a low bridge during the charity fun run .
the prime minister gave a thumbs up to photographers as he crawled through the tunnel .
the prime minister wore knee pads to prevent a repeat of the cut he sustained in the great brook run in chadlington in 2012 .
with mud smeared on his face , mr cameron came close to losing his footing as he ran through the stream .
the cross-country event is raced for half its mile length in the stream itself close to the village of chadlington .
perhaps it was just as well he took extra precautions yesterday as , face smeared with mud , he crawled under a bridge and stumbled through the water , almost losing his footing at one point .
but at least there was little danger of cuts -- to mr cameron 's knees , that is , thanks to the extra layer protecting them .
a downing street source said : ` he took the precaution of using the knee supports this year for protection from sharp stones submerged in the water .
' the race is held every year in the cotswold village during the christmas break as a chance to run off the excess of the festive season .
every competitor gets a medal for taking part in the race , which has the slogan : ` run .
get wet .
have a pint ' mr cameron 's wife samantha stayed warm and dry in a grey winter coat and matching scarf .
the run 's safety manual warns : ` the brook is cold , parts of it