a prosecutor who was sacked after attempting to indict chris christie 's political cronies for corruption told mailonline today about his ordeal at the hands of the new jersey governor 's ` mafia .
' bennett barlyn , a prosecutor for 18 years in new jersey 's hunterdon county , has spoken out following the revelations over the bridgegate scandal to reveal his firsthand account of being fired and shamed at the hands of christie and his political henchmen .
he said there were parallels between a .
criminal case he tried to prosecute -- before , he says , it was .
unlawfully dismissed -- and the bridgegate scandal , where christie 's staff closed off travel lanes leading to the george washington bridge , in order to retaliate against a democratic mayor who had declined to endorse him for re-election .
scroll down for video .
bennett barlyn .
` it 's the same modus operandi , ' he said tuesday in an exclusive interview with mailonline .
` it 's the governor 's office again using a state agency in an improper way for political purposes ' .
barlyn .
is suing the state of new jersey for records that he says will prove .
the case 's dismissal was the product of political corruption .
he .
secured indictments against deborah trout , a county sheriff loyal to .
republicans .
she was accused of gross violations that included hiring .
staff without vetting them , supplying a christie donor with a false law .
enforcement id and forcing underlings to sign loyalty oaths .
according .
to barlyn , the criminal case against trout was moving along smoothly .
until the grand jury voted to indict her in march 2010 .
when .
the charges became public , an indicted undersheriff , michael russo , .
allegedly told an aide that christie will ` have this whole thing thrown .
out ' , according to the hunterdon county democrat .
another sheriff 's officer joseph falat jr , was also accused .
the .
day a judge unsealed the indictments , dermot o'grady , christie 's deputy .
attorney general , arrived suddenly to take over the prosecutor 's office .
personally .
barlyn was shown the door .
he was stripped of his job and ushered out of the courthouse by armed guards .