it was a lifestyle that promised peace , love and seclusion from the wickedness of the ` outside world ' - but this week a family of 14 walked out of a remote community declaring they had been living in a ` false system ' .
the family , many of whose children were born in the gloriavale christian community in haupiri - on new zealand 's west coast - have moved 200 miles away to live with a ` normal ' family as they begin reintegrating into society , the new zealand herald reports .
gloriavale , which was established about 45 years ago , does not condone the use of birth control and it is common for a married couple to have 12 or more children .
scroll down for video .
children dressed in cooperite clothing walk at gloriavale , home of the religious sect in new zealand .
children at the school in gloriavale christian community .
the community , founded in 1969 and which now has 500 members .
the population of the cult is said to be still flourishing - despite several large disillusioned families leaving in recent years - because there is no birth control .
` it 's a huge deal for them to stop wearing their community clothes and so they are going to transition slowly , ' liz gregory , who has offered the family of 14 her home , told the new zealand herald on wednesday .
the adults have forsaken their nun-like headdresses and white bibs to put on everyday clothes , while the children have removed their hooded hats and blue uniforms .
when it was revealed that the large family had walked out - following other groups who have left in recent years - donations of money , clothes , furniture , toys and books , began to pour in to help them get back on their feet .
the father , identified only as james , who managed the commune 's self-sufficient dairy farm for 20 years , is now looking for a job .
the community , founded in 1969 and which now has 500 members , is headed by neville cooper , known to the families as ` hopeful christian ' .
but it has been revealed that he was convicted of sexual abuse in 1994 and spent 11 months in jail .