a woman who shot dead her ex-husband after he allegedly subjected her to a brutal rape and physical abuse has been sentenced to 25 years in prison .
tracey grissom , 32 , sobbed as she was taken from the tuscaloosa county courthouse in alabama in handcuffs after being sentenced on tuesday .
grissom murdered her ex hunter grissom , 28 , on may 15 , 2012 and was found guilty by a jury last month .
the couple have a five-year-old daughter , according to court records .
tracey grissom sobbed as she left the alabama court in handcuffs on tuesday -lrb- pictured -rrb- to begin her 25-year sentence for the murder of her ex-husband hunter grissom , whom she shot dead in 2012 .
the 32-year-old told the court on tuesday at her sentencing that she had been left with a colostomy bag following the alleged brutal rape by her ex-husband .
tracey grissom , 32 , was sentenced to 25 years on tuesday for the murder of her ex-husband whom she claimed raped and abused her .
at her sentencing on tuesday , one female jury member , janice kelley , asked the judge to be lenient , according to al.com .
ms kelley said she believed grissom did not get a fair trial as details of her alleged rape and sodomy were not given to jurors .
when court restrictions were lifted on tuesday at the sentencing , tuscaloosanews.com reported that grissom told the court she had suffered permanent rectal and vaginal damage after allegedly being raped by her husband .
she pulled up her shirt in court to show that she was wearing a colostomy bag and said that she had undergone several surgeries .
she told the court on tuesday that her husband told her during the 2010 attack that ` he would make it to where nobody would ever want me ' .
she did not report the rape because he had threatened her life , the news site reported .
following the sentencing on tuesday , the victim 's family shared their thoughts on facebook page , justice for hunter grissom .
along with tributes to the deceased 28-year-old , several friends and family members claimed that tracey grissom was not raped and that a ` broken justice system ' had failed hunter and cost him his life .
tracey grissom 's defense