tv presenter and sheffield united patron charlie webster said she will quit her role with the club if they re-sign ched evans .
the 25-year-old former sheffield united player and welsh international was released from jail this week after serving half of a five-year sentence for raping a 19-year-old woman in a hotel .
webster , who has said that she was sexually assaulted as a teenager , told bbc radio 5 live : ` you will have young people cheering him on when he scores a goal .
not under my name , under my club or community .
' video scroll down to watch sheffield united fans on re-signing ched evans .
charlie webster says she will quit her role as sheffield united patron if they re-sign ched evans .
sheffield united are deliberating bringing back the welsh striker .
the welsh footballer , who last played for sheffield united , was pictured leaving wymott prison .
she was immediately branded a ` hypocrite ' by evans ' sister kylie .
she retweeted a message the presenter posted last month saying she wanted to get a photograph of former heavyweight boxing champion and convicted rapist mike tyson .
miss webster told bbc radio 5 live she felt it would be wrong to continue as a patron of the community foundation if ched evans ever steps out in sheffield united colours again .
she said : ` he says he is innocent , he has shown no remorse .
' miss webster , who is a member of the justice ministry 's victims ' panel which was set up so that those who have been affected by crime can tell ministers directly how the criminal justice system could better serve people in their position , said : ' i feel like it is my duty and responsibility to stand up to this .
` very few people would be able to walk back into the same job as they did before being a convicted rapist .
' family and friends arrived at evans ' mother 's house in north wales following his release on friday .
in response evans ' sister pointed to a tweet which miss webster posted on september 10 .
it reads : ` just bumped into mike tyson in the hotel lobby as i was randomly talking about him !
i chickened out on asking