a hero teacher managed to fend off a knife-wielding teenager with a cardboard folder after the 13-year-old went on a classroom rampage , it emerged today .
the schoolboy is suspected of launching an attack on the member of staff - named only as mr westwood - at the chase technology college in malvern yesterday , as well as a 13-year-old girl .
pupils told how the boy burst into the classroom wearing his own clothes and a scarf covering his face , with rambo-style camouflage paint smeared under his eyes .
scroll down for video .
attack : parents and students gathered outside the school this afternoon after the attack disrupted lessons .
many took their children home .
helicopter : west mercia police deployed a helicopter in the hunt for the 13-year-old boy .
members of the public were been warned not to approach him .
speaking after school ended today , one said : ` people said he just ran in and went for him straight away .
` the teacher defended himself with a folder and that 's when -lsb- he -rsb- ran out .
i had seen him around but did n't know him .
officers today confirmed that the manhunt had ended and that he was arrested on suspicion of wounding and carrying a bladed weapon .
both victims sustained minor injuries which did not require stitches .
in a statement , superintendent mark travis said : ' i am very pleased to announce that earlier today , a young male we had been searching for involved with an incident at the chase school has been found .
` he is safe and well .
he has currently been arrested and has been taken to worcester police station where we are going to be working with his family over the coming hours to provide the appropriate support and also working with the school to make sure that the school can be open tomorrow for business as usual .
' police presence : officers guarded the school for the whole of today .
investigation : officers are pictured above outside the school this afternoon in the wake of the attack .
eyewitnesses had reported seeing nine police cars and two dog vans outside the school as officers flooded the scene after the incident .
the force helicopter was also scrambled to join the search for