last week spacex ceo elon musk claimed that artificial intelligence was mankind 's biggest threat .
so he might not be too happy to hear that a company claims to have given a robot emotions for the first time via a microchip breakthrough .
they say their artificially intelligent machine can recognise , emulate and empathise with the eight key emotions in humans .
scroll down for videos .
london-based emoshape has created a cube-shaped device with emotions .
called emospark it can recognise and emulate the eight primary emotions using facial recognition -lrb- shown right in image -rrb- .
these are anger , fear , sadness , disgust , surprise , anticipation , trust and joy .
emoshape , based in london and new york , say they have achieved a major technological breakthrough with their epu -lrb- emotional processing unit -rrb- .
this is the cornerstone of their new emospark product , a small # 195 -lrb- $ 315 -rrb- cube that can recognise and respond to your emotions - and it even has emotions of its own .
using the microchip and a camera , either through your phone or a separate external camera , the cube monitors your facial expressions and works out what you like and do n't like .
the theory of emotion was devised by dr robert plutchik -lrb- 21 october 1927 to 29 april 2006 -rrb- , who was a professor at the albert einstein college of medicine in new york .
he suggested there were eight basic primary emotions - anger , fear , sadness , disgust , surprise , anticipation , trust and joy - with the concept of emotion applicable to all animals .
according to his theory all species have evolved farious emotions over time , some used to help them survive such as fear for ` fight or flight ' .
but , he says , all other emotions are derived from these primary eight .
thus , by having a machine recognise the eight basic emotions , it could theoretically replicate all other emotions .
for example , when playing particular music it will see if you enjoy it or not .
this will help it learn what you might enjoy in future .
by syncing up to your phone the cube can then play songs , videos and more back to you if you make