a pennsylvania groom who spent his wedding night behind bars after getting into a bloody brawl with the boyfriend of a pregnant teenager got some good news today , as most of the charges against him were dropped .
mark williams , 33 , arrived in pittsburgh municipal court this morning holding his wife 's hand as he learned he would not be charged with riot , harassment and resisting arrest as a result of the events that took place at his wedding reception .
he does still face being convicted of disorderly conduct and criminal mischief , much lesser charges .
scroll down for video .
charges dropped : mark williams -lrb- left -rrb- and wife edyta -lrb- right -rrb- arrive in pittsburgh municipal court this morning .
happier times : mark and edyta are seen here -lrb- above -rrb- on their wedding day , hours before the brawl broke out .
the groom and his wife , edyta williams , both seemed happy with the result .
` this was a significant misunderstanding .
i never doubted mark once , ' the bride told kdka .
the waitress and her boyfriend claim they did not want to deal with the ` drama ' of going forward with these charges .
williams was accused of getting ` touchy-feely ' with an unnamed 19-year-old pregnant waitress at his aug. 31 wedding reception aboard a gateway clipper cruise down pittsburgh 's monongahela river .
the waitress alleged williams even tried to pour liquor down her throat , and grew so uncomfortable around him she called boyfriend tyler smith , 20 , to come pick her up at the end of the cruise .
that is when the bloody brawl broke out .
unhappy bride : edyta speaks with police in the early morning hours of sept. 1 -lrb- above -rrb- .
even unhappier bride : edyta picking her husband up from jail the day after their wedding -lrb- above -rrb- .
smith confronted williams at around 1 am on monday , sept. 1 , and when they started to trade punches , williams ' brother david and groomsman brian taylor jumped in the melee .
taylor , 31 , who is a member of the sto-rox school board , punched through a car 's window .
david williams , a 35-year-old pennsylvania state trooper , ignored orders to back down and