southampton 's sadio mane faces disciplinary action from manager ronald koeman after arriving late for sunday 's 2-0 defeat by liverpool .
mane was dropped to the bench for turning up 30 minutes after the 1pm meeting time .
` he was late for the pre-match , ' confirmed koeman .
` we have rules , instructions with the players .
sadio mane -lrb- left -rrb- is set for disciplinary action after arriving late for the match against liverpool .
southampton forward mane battles for the ball with liverpool midfielder philippe coutinho -lrb- right -rrb- .
` everybody can be late one day in the morning , but you ca n't be late at 1pm when you have to play against liverpool .
` his explanation is between him and me , but he was too late .
i ca n't and i do n't accept that .
if he has to pay a fine , he pays the fine .
` but the best way to keep the discipline in the team was not to pick him today .
' on a day of frustration for koeman , the saints boss felt his side were denied a penalty when joe allen blatantly tripped filip djuricic in the first half .
southampton had two other penalty shouts , when djuricic fell under pressure from emre can in the first minute and dejan lovren appeared to handle in the box .
` the first situation is difficult because , if you whistle , it 's a penalty and a red card , ' said koeman .
filip djuricic is challenged by liverpool midfielder joe allen -lrb- bottom -rrb- and dejan lovran -lrb- top -rrb- .
southampton boss ronald koeman believes that his side were denied a penalty against liverpool .
sportsmail 's graphic of philippe coutinho 's thunderbolt to give liverpool the lead .
` you have to be sure as a referee to do that .
maybe djuricic in that moment fell down a bit too easily in the box .
` the second , there 's no question .
i do n't understand the referee there .
but ok , humans make mistakes .
the handball just before half-time ?
i do n't know .
' i have to watch it back , but it 's always difficult with handballs and penalties .
` i am proud of how