nick clegg clearly suffered when the spoof musical version of his apology for breaking his promise not to raise university fees was played on the andrew marr show .
trying to laugh it off , he managed : ` it 's catchy , very catchy .
' mr clegg has given permission for the track to be released in aid of charity .
last night it was at 143 in the singles chart .
scroll down for video .
awkward : liberal democrat leader nick clegg grimaces as the remix of his videoed apology for breaking his manifesto promise not to raise tuition fees is played on the andrew marr show .
following his interview with political journalist mr marr , the deputy prime minister was asked during a lib dem conference q&a what he would do if the song reached number one in the pop charts .
but it was his decision to apologise for promising to block a rise in tuition fees -- subsequently broken after the coalition was formed -- which dominated the hour long session , during which he also revealed yesterday was his wedding anniversary .
uppermost in people 's minds was the idea that the hilarious remix of his ` sorry ' video -- in which he appeared to sing his apology -- was set to make him the first cabinet minister to have a single in the top 40 .
questions about how nick clegg would celebrate if his remixed apology video topped the charts proved academic - the song by satirical website the poke only reached 143 .
nick clegg says i 'm sorry -lrb- the .
autotune remix -rrb- stormed up the itunes chart after its release on friday .
night , reaching number 35 ahead of the likes of kanye west and carly rae .
jepson .
but when radio 1 dj reggie yates announced the official chart tonight , mr clegg was nowhere to be seen .
based on record sales for the entire .
week , it seems the release of the clegg song late on friday night came .
too late to make an impression on the record-buying public .
it scraped into the top 150 after the .
lib dem leader gave permission to the track 's creator , satirical website .
www.thepoke.co.uk , to release it as a single .
mr clegg told the conference