by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
04:09 est , 14 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
19:07 est , 14 january 2014 .
a u.s. veteran who fought all over the world but has been forced to live in his van as he ca n't find a job has been inundated with offers of a home after the public learned of his plight .
homeless robert freniere , 59 , told philly.com how he has been rejected for dozens of jobs he has applied for , despite having excellent references and three graduate degrees .
freniere , who now lives out of his blue minivan in king of prussia , pennsylvania , says that he has received an average of two dozen offers of a place to stay every day since his story was published .
frustration : despite having a wealth of military experience and three graduate degrees , colonel robert freniere is currently living in his van with all of his possessions in king of prussia , pennsylvania .
pride : robert freniere displays his air force colonel 's uniform in his van -lrb- and his home -rrb- .
offers have come from philadelphia and even as far away as alaska , .
tennessee , and new mexico .
both veterans , civilians and organisations have offered their .
help to the former colonel .
freniere , who was once a special aide to military top .
brass said he is grateful for the support and plans to respond to every .
offer .
` it 's been a really positive experience , ' he told philly.com .
freniere , who served in the military for 30 years and reached the rank of colonel , said he has n't had regular employment since 2012 when he worked as defense contractor .
though he receives an annual military pension of $ 40,000 a year , he told philly.com he has been overwhelmed by debt since retiring from the air force and splitting up from his wife two years ago .
the colonel explained that the bills mounted up - such as the cost of putting his two sons through college - and he could n't return home , so he moved into his van .
top brass : at the peak of his career , freniere -lrb- left -rrb- was a special assistant to