by .
daily mail reporter .
kevin durant may have scored thousands of nba baskets , but none will ever be as memorable as the one he made on monday night .
the oklahoma city thunder were trailing 98-93 with just 14 seconds left on the clock when durant grabbed the ball and was knocked off balance by memphis grizzlies defender marc gasol .
but as durant fell backwards into the stands , he made one last desperate attempt to make a shot - and miraculously , the ball went in for three points .
during the play the star was also fouled which won him an additional free throw - which he netted , completing the sensational four point play .
scroll down for video .
unbelievable : kevin durant shoots as he is knocked off balance on monday - but he miraculously scores .
the crowd roared in shock and celebration - while the grizzlies looked at each other in disbelief .
social media went wild , too .
` playoffs are over , ' sports writer brian phillips wrote on twitter .
` that basket was the championship .
thank you for watching basketball .
' alecko eskandarian , assistant coach for the new york cosmos , added : ` kevin durant deserves the mvp award this year just for that shot alone .
amazing .
' incredible : durant , seen bottom left , made the play with just 14 seconds left on the clock on monday .
out of bounds : another image shows durant falling backwards into the stands after he made the play .
the thunder later tied the game , but the grizzlies won in overtime for a final score of 111-105 , with the grizzlies ' zach randolph scoring 25 points .
it leaves each team with one game in the first round .
when durant was asked , after the game , if he had scored his best ever shot , he could only focus on their loss .
' i do n't know , man , ' he said .
` we lost , so it really do n't matter .
' the memphis win gave dave joerger his first playoff win as a head coach .
joy : the oklahoma city thunder forward is pictured celebrating after making the basket on monday .
dismissive : after the game