there are roughly 6,500 spoken languages in the world , but new research has revealed that the climate may have played a role how each one developed .
scientists have found that humidity in different areas may have influenced the way languages evolved there .
they found that languages with complex tones - those that use one or more contrasting tones to give meaning to words like cantonese - tend to occur in humid regions of the world .
this map shows the regions where languages with complex tones have developed -lrb- red dots -rrb- , clustered in tropical humid areas , while those languages that do not use complex tones are marked with blue dots .
languages with simple tones , like many european languages including english , are found in drier regions - either in the colder north or in arid deserts .
a leading linguist claims that within a century 90 per cent of languages around the world will die out .
ever increasing globalisation , international travel and access to the the internet is expected to lead to just 600 of the current 6,500 languages surviving .
already more than 2,000 of the languages have fewer than 1,000 speakers , with many on the verge of dying out altogether .
dr john mcwhorter , a linguist at columbia university , said those languages that do survive will be less complicated than they are today - especially in the way they are spoken .
lesser known cultures and their unique languages will struggle to survive , leaving widely spoken languages such as english and chinese to swallow them up and in turn wipe them out .
the researchers say that this is because inhaling dry air can dehydrate the vocal cords and make them less elastic , making it harder to produce complex tones in words .
instead languages that evolved in dry climates tend to have imprecise pitch and varying intensity .
most european languages are thought to originate from a common ancestral tongue called proto-indo-european that was spoken 6,000 years ago by people living on the relatively dry pontic steppe north of the black sea .
this dry climate may have led to the evolution of the modern non-tonal languages that exist here today , according to dr caleb everett , a linguist at the university of miami who led the research .
he said