hillary clinton is a politician of ` yesterday ' florida sen. marco rubio told a gathering of conservatives on friday .
in a word-association game with fox news host sean hannity , the republican senator - considered likely to run for the white house in 2016 - offered a scathing assessment of the democrat , who is expected to announce her own presidential campaign later this year .
hannity asked rubio about former president bill clinton to which rubio first replied , ` what 's the next one ?
' before saying the 42nd president of the united states is ` really yesterday ' .
asked about the current commander in chief , barack obama , rubio simply said : ` failed .
' rubio was the first in a line of likely republican presidential candidates to address attendees of the annual conservative political action conference on friday morning , now in its second day of speakers .
florida senator marco rubio told a gathering of conservatives on friday that hillary clinton is a politician of ` yesterday .
' the freshman lawmaker said he is still undecided about his political plans while acknowledging that he wants to ` pay back in some way ' the country for the opportunities it has provided his family .
' i do n't want to be in politics my whole life , ' rubio told fox news host sean hannity during a question and answer session during his appearance .
he noted that he 'd perhaps like to own an nfl team at some point .
' i do n't know , i 'd have to sell a lot of books for that , ' the two time author joked .
new jersey gov. chris christie , wisconsin gov. scott walker , former hewlett packard executive carly fiorina , louisiana gov. bobby jindal , texas sen. ted cruz and retired neurosurgeon ben carson all spoke to the confab on thursday .
former texas gov. rick perry , billionaire businessman donald trump , kentucky sen. rand paul and former florida gov. jeb bush were set to take the main stage on friday .
a notable exception to lineup was former arkansas gov. and fox news host mike huckabee , who has said he is considering a bid in 2016 yet did n't participate in the washington , d.c. area powwow that attracts roughly 10,000