by .
ted thornhill .
a pain-racked woman was rushed to hospital by her family and told she was just an hour from death - after being told she was a non-priority by the ambulance service .
lindsay bowker , 30 , was screaming and doubled over with chronic stomach pain when her mother wendy dialled 999 - only to be told she would have an hour-long wait .
lindsay did not realise she was actually seven weeks into an ectopic pregnancy and was suffering heavy internal bleeding after her fallopian tube ruptured .
close call : lindsay bowker -lrb- right -rrb- was screaming in pain when her mother , wendy -lrb- left -rrb- , dialled 999 , only to be told she faced an hour wait .
after losing two litres of blood her mother drove her to hospital herself where she underwent emergency surgery and doctors said she was lucky to be alive .
medics told the mother-of two she was an hour from dying - the length of time she would have waited for the ambulance .
lindsay , of chorley , lancashire , who sadly lost her unborn baby , said : ' i was in the house on my own and i was hit with this instant pain .
` it was absolute agony and i immediately fell to the floor .
` i 've had two babies and it was worse than both labours put together .
' lindsay called her mother wendy , 53 , who was out walking her dog and she phoned for an ambulance .
emergency : ms bowker had been suffering heavy internal bleeding and was told by surgeons that she was only an hour from death when she arrived at hospital .
lindsay added : ` they told my mother i was n't a priority so it would be about an hour until an ambulance would arrive .
` my mother arrived about ten minutes later and could see how much pain i was in .
' i was screaming so she phoned 999 again and told them how urgent it was .
` they would have been able to hear my screams in the background but they just said the same thing .
' after waiting around 30 minutes for an ambulance , lindsay 's brother arrived with the car and her mother wendy rushed her to