by .
damien gayle .
grubby : cleopatra 's needle in central park , new york city , which is to be cleaned by laser to eradicate more than 130 years of accumulated grime .
conservationists will use lasers to clean more than a century 's worth of new york city grime from cleopatra 's needle .
the project to restore the ancient egyptian monument , which towers above the east side of central park , will also fix sections that have become weak with age .
the hieroglyph-inscribed granite pillar , also known as the obelisk , has stood in the city for more than 130 years .
it has n't been cleaned since its arrival from egypt .
the plan to restore the 3,500-year-old cleopatra 's needle was announced yesterday by the central park conservancy .
the non-profit , which manages central park , said tests showed that cleaning with lasers proved to be the most environmentally friendly method , and also the most sensitive to the fragile stone .
it is understood that the heat from the lasers will vaporise the filth that has accumulated on the obelisk over the decades it has stood in the heart of the busy , polluted city .
with 2,112 square-feet of surface area to clean , it is a considerable job .
the project began this month and is expected to take several months to finish .
alongside the cleaning job , conservationists will also work to stabilise sections of the obelisk that have become weakened over the ages .
after conducting the first comprehensive survey of the monument 's surface in its history , they will use glue to make sure that it will be able to weather the next couple of thousand years .
brought to new york in 1881 , cleopatra 's needle is without a doubt the city 's most-ancient structure .
despite its name , the cleopatra of renown had nothing to do with its creation and , in fact , it predates that legendary egyptian queen by more than a thousand years .
it is one of two obelisks carved by stonemasons out of single lumps of red granite about 3,500 years ago in the ancient egyptian city of heliopolis .
both new york 's obelisk , and its twin , which sits by the river thames on london 's victoria embankment , are