by .
ryan kisiel .
frozen on the spot amid booming music and dazzling lights , an apparently terrified owl has to be coaxed to perform on britain 's got talent .
rocky the eagle owl 's stressed appearance during live auditions has left the itv show facing accusations of animal cruelty .
the rspca said it was ` very disappointed ' that producers had subjected the bird to the ordeal , while scores of viewers criticised the decision .
terrified : the rspca has stepped into the row over whether making rocky perform amongst powerful stage lighting on saturday 's britain 's got talent , was cruel .
more than 11million saw rocky nervously take to the noisy , theatrically lit stage shortly after the episode started on saturday night .
owner andrew charlton led the owl out in front of apparatus usually used by dogs in agility contests before the judges , led by simon cowell , and a theatre audience of 2,000 .
but when wagner 's ride of the valkyries came booming from the birmingham venue 's music system , rocky froze and remained glued to the spot , gripping the perch tightly .
despite constant pleas of ` come on ' , the eurasian eagle owl refused to move -- and appeared increasingly anxious as the audience erupted into laughter .
mr charlton , 53 , eventually moved rocky on to the stage floor and again urged the bird to run through a canvas tunnel .
come out rocky : owner andrew charlton tries to coax the visibly anxious rocky into the canvas tunnel .
pressure : mr charlton , 53 , eventually moved rocky on to the stage floor and again urged the rocky to run through the tunnel .
criticised : the rspca has called the performance cruel , saying it did not take rocky 's welfare into consideration .
but rocky instead turned away from .
the stage -- triggering more laughter from the live audience , with hosts .
ant mcpartlin and declan donnelly getting the giggles backstage too .
after .
numerous attempts , the owl was finally coaxed through the obstacle , but .
the judges had already sounded their buzzers and voted the pair off the .
show .
viewers took to .
twitter to complain that rocky looked terrified by the ordeal .
animal .
experts said