a us air force fighter jet pilot survived with minor injuries yesterday after ejecting from an f-15 which crashed just 100 yards from houses in a lincolnshire field .
the military aircraft went up in flames after coming down at about 3.30 pm as it was flying over weston hills , near spalding - with locals describing a ` horrible acrid smell ' after the crash .
raf lakenheath in suffolk confirmed last night that the incident involved one of its $ 30million f-15 fighter jets and that the pilot - from the 48th fighter wing - had ejected from the aircraft .
scroll down for video .
blaze : the military aircraft went up in flames after coming down around 3.30 pm as it was flying near spalding .
escaped : the us air force fighter jet pilot has survived with just minor injuries after ejecting from the f-15 .
flames : the crash took place in an isolated rural area and no premises have been affected , police said .
aerial view : the crash site was about 100 yards away from properties according to residents of weston hills .
a police spokesman said the pilot suffered minor injuries and left the scene in a helicopter .
members of the public contacted emergency services yesterday afternoon to report they had seen a jet come down in a field .
thick , black smoke was seen rising from the site .
local resident andrew woodger saw the crash while travelling in a car driven by his wife near his home , following his release from addenbrooke 's hospital in cambridge after kidney treatment .
the 62-year-old told mailonline last night : ` we saw this aircraft lazily spirally down .
i said `` he 's not going to get out of that '' .
and then it crashed 100 yards from our home .
` it was falling like a leaf , just floating really .
there was no fire as it was falling - it was only when it crashed that the flames were there .
there was a horrible acrid smell - we kept the windows shut .
' his wife carol , also 62 , told mailonline : ` it 's been a rather eventful day .
you could see the aircraft coming down .
i was shaking for a long time afterwards .
i 'd