a tory mp has questioned how benefits street ` star ' white dee can make repeated live television appearances while she is unable to work because she is depressed .
the unemployed single mother-of-two was accused of being ` bone idle ' today after she was interviewed by eamonn holmes and ruth langsford on itv 's this morning .
the 42-year-old appeared to have had her hair coloured and put make-up on before appearing on the show .
white dee - whose real name is deirdre kelly - went on the show just two days after she appeared on channel 4 's benefits britain : the live debate .
scroll down for video .
television appearance : white dee has made tv appearances but says she was not paid .
questions : following the appearance dee was accused of being ` bone idle ' by a conservative mp .
there have also been rumours that she is being lined up to appear on celebrity big brother which will net her a minimum fee of # 60,000 .
the 42-year-old insists that she has been unable to work since her mother died because she has been suffering from depression .
she said in a recent interview on channel 5 : ' i have n't been on benefits my whole life .
at the moment i am not in a place where -lrb- i can work -rrb- .
i suffer with depression and i am being assessed for bipolar disorder .
footage courtsey of itv this morning .
tv appearances : white dee has been tipped to appear on celebrity big brother after ` starring ' on channel 4 's benefits street .
controversy : critics have questioned whether white dee is really unable to work .
however , mental health charities have said that depression is not always obvious .
benefits row : tory mp philip davies today accused white dee of being ` bone idle ' ' i have a good day , i have three bad days .
and then i have two good days .
what sort of employer would i ring up .
and say `` sorry i ca n't come in for three days - i 'm low '' .
' conservative mp philip davies accused white dee of not being interested in finding a job .
` if the people from benefits street are going