around 100,000 christians are killed every year around the world because of their faith according to a top vatican official .
monsignor silvano maria tomasi , a catholic archbishop , cited the middle east , africa and asia as the worst places for the deaths .
on vatican radio , he was quoted on tuesday saying the figures were ` shocking ' and ` incredible ' .
an iranian female christian kisses a cross held in a ceremony at the qara kelisa in chaldran , 510 miles northwest of the capital tehran .
tomasi said christians were also forced to leave their homes and see their churches destroyed in some parts of the world , and were often subjected to rapes , kidnappings and discrimination .
he made particular reference to the kidnapping of two orthodox bishops near aleppo in syria last month .
religious freedom is beset by ` sectarianism , intolerance , terrorism and exclusionary laws , ' he said , while also pointing to exceptions like bangladesh where he said rights are protected .
another senior vatican figure , the secretary of the pontifical council for justice and peace , mario toso , said recently that discrimination against christians ` should be countered in the same way as anti-semitism and islamophobia ' .
it comes as iran 's largest persian-language pentecostal church was closed down just one week after one of its pastors was arrested and taken away during a service .
central assemblies of god church in tehran is the latest example of the islamic republic cracking down on christian faith .
authorities grabbed pastor robert asserian on may 21 while mass was underway .
they have still not revealed to worshippers where he is being held .
according to bosnewslife , a news agency that specialises in the plight of christians in middle eastern nations , christians fear their faith is being stamped out in iran .
it is believed there are about 100,000 christians in iran in a national of 75 million .
other pastors known to be detained in iranian prisons include behnam irani , who is held in ghezel hesar prison in karaj city , one of the toughest jails in the country , some 12 miles west of the nation 's capital , tehran .
george wood , assemblies of god in the u.s. , said : ` these incidents appear