a film director has documented how his family went bankrupt after his father became obsessed with beanie babies .
chris robinson 's father started collecting the cuddly toys in the belief they would make a great investment .
but the los angeles family realised there was a problem when , after spending $ 100,000 on the stuffed animals , there was still no return on the investment .
scroll down for video .
chris robinson 's father -lrb- pictured -rrb- started collecting beanie babies in the hope of making enough money to send his three sons to college .
the family spent $ 100,000 on the toys , but realised there was a problem when there was no return on the investment .
mr robinson 's entire family were roped into collecting the toys .
pictured is his younger brother .
mr robinson has now filmed his family as they talk about the years spent collecting the beanie babies , in a bid to make enough money to send the three sons to college .
his film , bankrupt by beanies , shows how his father 's obsession consumed the family 's activities as they attempted to collect as many as they could .
surrounded by boxes of the cuddly .
toys , his father opens the film by telling the camera : ` this is like .
admitting to a drug addiction , you know , you want to forget it .
' he .
goes on to describe how at first his three sons enjoyed collecting the .
toys , but one by one their interest waned to the point where he only .
continued to pursue his obsession in the hope it would make a financial .
return .
the film-maker 's mother -lrb- pictured -rrb- has said they initially thought they could make a profit on the toys - but they never sold them .
the family 's home has boxes piled high full of the stuffed toys .
the beanie babies were first introduced to the public in 1993 , when creators ty warner inc , which later became ty inc , launched its original line consisting of just nine characters .
over the next few years however hundreds of different types of beanie baby were produced as they gained in popularity .
the company made an empire worth more than $ 6billion from the