by .
andrew levy .
published : .
17:00 est , 7 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
17:00 est , 7 december 2012 .
when graham cowley took early retirement , he wanted a home with views of unspoilt countryside .
but eight months after buying his dream bungalow , mr cowley was aghast to discover that the local council planned to build europe 's largest renewable energy plant surrounding it .
if the plans go through , there will be half a million huge solar panels and several wind turbines only 100 yards from his front door .
there will also be an 8ft security fence bristling with cctv cameras .
anger : graham cowley , owner of hill farm house in crowland is understandably upset as his property could be covered by 500 acres of solar panels and five wind turbines .
father-of-three mr cowley , 47 , said there was no evidence of the scheme when his solicitors carried out searches before he spent # 225,000 on his home in newborough , cambridgeshire , and a further # 18,000 building a garage .
he claims it is now almost worthless but he has been offered no compensation or the opportunity to relocate .
` my views are going to be completely spoilt .
i will look out of my house to see solar panels , huge wind turbines practically in my garden , and they want to install cctv cameras .
` i may as well commit a crime and go to jail as i would probably have a better quality of life .
this is not a case of `` not in my back yard '' .
it is a huge solar and wind farm surrounding my bungalow .
' details : the plan for the energy farm .
mr cowley said he was shocked when he received a letter from conservative-run peterborough city council telling him of the scheme , which was originally intended to cover 3,000 acres .
this was downgraded to a # 140million scheme on 900 acres , producing enough energy to power more than 22,000 homes .
there would be nearly 500,000 solar panels and mr cowley said he has been told informally there would also be five wind turbines sited near his home .
nine other people affected by the scheme -- all tenant farmers renting council