new research suggests that aspirin may not have any heart-health benefits for older people who long believed a small daily dose of the drug might prevent heart attacks and stokes .
using a pool of more than 14,000 japanese people ages 60 to 85 , researches saw no major differences in heart-related deaths and strokes between those regularly taking aspirin and those who did n't bother .
however , the study 's authors caution people to talk to their doctors before leaving their pills behind .
new research suggests that aspirin may not have any heart-health benefits for older people who long believed a small daily dose of the drug might prevent heart attacks and stokes .
` patients need to discuss this with their doctor , because i think it 's difficult to do that calculation of benefit and risk without consulting a health care professional , ' said dr. michael gaziano , a harvard medical school professor who co-authored commentary on the study , tells cbs news .
he suspects that due to the differences between japanese and american populations , there is little chance the study will have lasting impacts on aspirin use in the u.s. .
the study was performed by doctors randomly prescribing low-doses of aspirin to older patients who suffered from high blood pressure , high cholesterol , or diabetes and tracking those who experienced health problems compared to people not taking the drug .
the patients were tracked on an average of 5 years .
the study 's co-author , dr. kazuyuki shimada , of the university of shin-oyama city hospital in japan , presented the findings monday in chicago at the american heart association 's annual meeting .
doctors suspect that due to the differences between japanese and american populations , there is little chance the study will have lasting impacts on aspirin use in the u.s. ` it indicates that primary prevention with daily low-dose aspirin does not reduce the combined risk in this population , ' he tells cbs news .
during his presentation he added that : ` the possibility that aspirin does have a beneficial effect can not be excluded , ' as the trial ended earlier than anticipated due to the low number of heart attacks or strokes .
people who avoided aspirin were more likely to experience ` mini-strokes ' and chest pains but people using