lava from the kilauea volcano on hawaii 's big island is inching closer to the small town of pahoa .
as these images show , molten rock is burning away at the asphalt as it fills the driveway of a disused refuse station .
the first hawaiian house was consumed this week by the months-long , slow-moving lava flow that has been inching its way towards homes in pahoa , which has around 1,000 residents .
lava is also is oozing out near a cemetery and at another spot about 400 yards upslope of a rural road , but hawaii county civil defense said in a statement thursday that the three breakouts do not pose an immediate threat to area residents .
the current flow began in june and has been moving northeast form the volcano , but the part the flow closest to the town 's main road is still at the spot where it stalled two weeks ago .
kilauea has been erupting continuously for more than 31 years .
earlier flows traveled south , smothering the royal garden and kalapana subdivisions in the 1980s and 1990s .
burns , burns , burns : lava from kilauea volcano is inching closer to the small hawaii town of pahoa , with molten rock burning asphalt as it fills the driveway at a disused trash transfer station .
the ring of fire : close to a thousand people who live in the town of pahoa have been watching the oncoming lava for months .
do n't worry guys !
hawaii county civil defense said thursday that the breakouts do not pose an immediate threat to area residents .
time to move : the first hawaiian house which was overtaken by the consumed this week by the lava from the kilauea volcano this week .
slow process : the current flow began in june and has been moving northeast .
` low risk ' : part the flow closest to the town 's main road is still at the spot where it stalled two weeks ago .
holding a grudge ?
the kilauea volcano has been erupting continuously for more than 31 years .
lava flow from the kilauea volcano that began on june 27 pushes its way through a fence of a now-closed refuse transfer station and moves down the slope onto station grounds in pahoa , hawaii .
the