by .
paul donnelley .
if they are given a second thought at all , it is not for their architecture or beauty but usually how quickly can we get out of them .
enig hui , a petroleum engineer from miri , malaysia , takes a different view .
for the last six years he has photographed stations all around the world from euston to hotel de ville station in paris and kintetsu nara station in japan .
viennese fancy : praterstern station , vienna is used by 35,000 people daily .
the first station on the site opened on january 6 , 1838 .
it was damaged by bombs in the second world war and was demolished in 1965 .
the new building was opened on june 1 , 1959 .
ueno-okachimachi station on the subway in tokyo , japan opened in december 2000 .
did the designer of malostranska station in prague take inspiration from dr who 's tardis ?
opened on august 12 , 1978 it has only one entrance/exit because of its proximity to the vitava river .
staromestska station is situated in prague 's old town .
indeed its name means old town .
it was opened 36 years ago in 1978 .
` i put this project together because i would like the audience to see their daily commuting underground hubs from a different perspective , ' he says .
` personally , the environment truly intrigues me , and through my pictures i want to evoke a sense of drama in the extreme symmetry and contrast that the underground architecture possesses .
` a couple of times , entering the underground made me feel like i was stepping onto a film set .
' you 've seen the entrance to ueno station in tokyo - now admire the tracks .
kintetsu nara station , japan was opened in 1914 and has had its present name since 1970 .
the station consists of four platforms with four tracks .
one of malaysian petroleum engineer enig hui 's favorite stations - another image of ueno station in tokyo .
london city airport station on the docklands light railway which serves london city airport .
it opened on december 2 , 2005 and is located on the king george v branch .
it was last month when he realised he had amassed a considerable collection