by .
simon boyle .
published : .
17:46 est , 9 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:28 est , 11 november 2013 .
they have not seen their hero on tv since the end of the last series six months ago -- but doctor who fans have a special treat to look forward to when the show returns .
three time lords will line up together in a hotly anticipated 50th anniversary special on november 23 .
bbc bosses last night unveiled a trailer of the episode , entitled the day of the doctor , showing the current doctor matt smith alongside his predecessor david tennant and the so-called ` dark doctor ' played by veteran star john hurt .
scroll down for video .
who 's who ?
matt smith , left , david tennant , centre , and john hurt in a scene from this month 's special .
exciting : producer steven moffat said tennant and smith bounded around while hurt stole scenes with one look .
the anniversary show will be one of the final appearances for smith , 31 , who is to be replaced in the role by the thick of it star peter capaldi after the christmas special .
tennant , 42 , returns after leaving the show in 2010 .
mystery surrounds the character played by hurt , 73 .
doctor who producer steven moffat suggested he would play an older , meaner incarnation of the time lord .
he said : ` it looks like somehow he 's been through it a bit .
scary stare : billie piper 's storyline references a previous episode where rose gained godlike powers .
` this is n't a doctor who 's just appeared -- he 's been around , he 's been in this form for a while .
' the episode also sees the return of billie piper as the doctor 's companion rose .
viewers will see her eyes flash spookily -- a reference to a previous storyline that saw her gain godlike powers and which show insiders say is a ` never-before-seen twist ' .
moffat heaped praise on hurt 's scene-stealing performance alongside the two younger doctors .
# .
he said : ` you 'd have david and matt .
leaping around the set and doing every form of physical comedy with each .