published : .
03:41 est , 7 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
02:03 est , 8 june 2012 .
hundreds of workers at the world 's largest electronics manufacturer have rioted at a factory in china , resulting in dozens of arrests .
an estimated 1,000 employees at the foxconn plant in chengdu , southwest china , clashed with security guards who had attempted to prevent a man stealing on monday night , according to taiwan-based news website want china times .
foxconn makes many of the world 's most popular gadgets , including apple 's iphone and ipad , the amazon kindle and the playstation 3 and xbox 360 video game consoles .
the manufacturer has previously come under fire for forcing staff to work long hours and in unsafe conditions for low pay .
the riot at the foxconn factory in chengdu , southwestern china , comes after reports of poor working conditions at the plants .
workers reportedly threw bins , chairs and even fireworks at security officers from the upper floors of the building after the riot broke out in a dormitory at the plant .
two guards had called out to stop a thief but staff took the opportunity to air their grudges at working conditions .
the clash ended after two hours when hundreds of police officers were called to the scene and dozens were arrested .
the riot is the latest high-profile incident to affect foxconn , which employs up to 120,000 people at its chengdu plant , and more than one million in total .
under fire : workers queue to enter the foxconn factory in shenzhen , guangdong province .
the company employs more than one million people .
blast : a foxconn worker arrives at a hospital in may last year after an explosion on an ipad2 production line .
up to 14 workers at a separate plant .
in shenzhen , guangdong province , committed suicide by throwing .
themselves from the top of the factory in 2010 .
apple ceo tim cook has vowed to work for better conditions for foxconn employees .
an explosion in may last year killed two and injured 16 employees who were working on the ipad 2 production line at the chengdu factory .
foxconn 's customers , including apple , have been criticised for failing to encourage changes at