joe schmidt has exonerated referee jp doyle from any blame over georgia flanker viktor kolelisvhili 's unpunished stamp on ireland debutant dominic ryan 's face .
kolelisvhili is expected to receive a citing after stamping on leinster back-rower ryan 's face during ireland 's 49-7 win over the lelos in dublin on sunday .
referee doyle waved away ireland captain eoin reddan 's requests for a television match official -lrb- tmo -rrb- review , saying ' i ca n't listen to that ' during the six-try victory .
joe schmidt refused to blame the referee for failing to punish viktor kolelisvhili 's stamp on dominic ryan .
dominic ryan -lrb- second left -rrb- was making his ireland debut in the test match against georgia .
ireland boss schmidt backed doyle for not referring the incident , suggesting tmo jim yuille should have alerted the referee to potential foul play .
' i think the protocol is that if there is suspected foul play the tmo can intervene , he can let the referee know and then the referee can review it , ' said schmidt .
` obviously the incident had passed , and i think by the time eoin spoke to the referee the game had moved on a little bit , and he heard nothing from the tmo .
` so according to the protocol i think he acted correctly .
there 's not really much else that jp doyle could have done .
that 's just the way it works .
` it 's something that i know is being talked about a fair bit : they may change those protocols at some stage .
` currently his -lrb- doyle 's -rrb- hands were tied a little bit : he did n't see it himself personally , luke pearce on the touchline did n't see it .
jp doyle was in charge of the encounter but acted to protocol according to ireland coach schmidt .
ireland 's felix jones scores a try against georgia during their 49-7 win in dublin .
` therefore if there was an incident then that has to be dealt with by the tmo pretty much in close proximity in time , otherwise once the game goes on it 's pretty hard to go a long way back .
` it did n't look great at the end of it , but i