manchester united were not in decline when i left ... david moyes was sacked because his team were too slow .
i had nothing to do with david moyes ' sacking .
i tried to convince david moyes to keep mike phelan as his assistant manager .
louis van gaal is formidable ... and he and ryan giggs can learn from each other .
sir alex ferguson has rubbished claims that he exerted too much influence at manchester united after his retirement but admits he spoke to rio ferdinand and patrice evra about their futures .
the 72-year-old spent 26-and-a-half years at old trafford before retiring in 2013 and insists he kept a ` respectful ' distance during successor david moyes ' ultimately doomed reign .
ferguson says his former players did not come to him to complain as united 's season unravelled but says ferdinand and evra sought him out for advice .
patrice evra and rio ferdinand -lrb- right -rrb- both left manchester united in the summer .
sir alex ferguson -lrb- right -rrb- has revealed he spoke to ferdinand about his future at united .
patrice evra was signed by ferguson from monaco in 2006 and stayed at the club until this summer .
ferguson has been cricitised for his continued presence at united but has hit back at the claims .
ferguson and moyes arrive together at the annual league managers association awards in 2013 .
the front cover of ferguson 's autobiography .
` did players come to see me to complain ?
' ferguson writes in his updated book , my autobiography , published on thursday but leaked on tuesday .
` did they hell .
utter nonsense .
' he goes on to write that ferdinand did ` ask my advice on his future ' and that he had a similar chat with evra .
ferdinand left united in the summer when the club decided not to offer him a new contract after his old deal expired , while evra was sold to juventus for # 1.5 million after the # 31m purchase of luke shaw .
both players were stalwarts of ferguson 's later teams .
the scot also dismisses claims that he exerted too much influence at united even after his retirement .
he says he never went into the dressing rooms and considering the training ground carrington ` out of