the mother of a teenager travelling on a false passport on missing flight mh370 has spoken for the first time of her son 's innocence in the fate of the aircraft .
niloufar vaezi tehrani said her son pouria nourmohammadi was ` just an ordinary kid ' fleeing from his native iran because of religious persecution .
speaking from germany , ms vaezi said she had been waiting for her son to land in frankfurt three months ago - but he never arrived because the flight he had taken off from in kuala lumpur vanished after a little over an hour .
niloufar vaezi tehrani has explained why her son pouria nourmohammadi was travelling on mh370 with a stolen passport .
` just an ordinary kid ' : pouria 's mother said he was fleeing iran because of religious persecution .
she admitted she knew he was travelling on a passport that was not his but said he was ` desperate ' to leave iran because people had found out he was christian , not muslim , and he had started to get into major problems .
` he was planning to go to germany to be a good person , to study , work and eat , ' she told sydney 's daily telegraph through an interpreter .
` he was just looking for happiness .
he was looking to be able to speak his opinion and he was looking for freedom - he just wanted to be able to live without fear and being anxious .
' she said pouria had also been planning to marry his girlfriend , who remains in iran and who is very stressed because he is now missing .
pouria , right , pictured with his mother and younger brother ilia nourmohammadi .
according to his mother , pouria was planning to go to germany to be a good person , study , work and eat .
ms vaezi said she last spoke to pouria on march 7 , some 10 minutes before he headed to kuala lumpur international airport to catch the flight which would take him on the first leg of his journey to frankfurt .
` we thought initially that the passport was just a made-up passport .
we did n't even know that the passport was stolen from somebody else , ' said ms vaezi .
it has already