real madrid moved straight to the top of group b with a win over woeful basle and cristiano ronaldo moved to within three goals of raul 's all-time champions league scoring record .
this was not real madrid rediscovering the swagger that saw them brush aside bayern munich in last season 's semi-final and beat atletico madrid 4-1 in the final but they still had far too much for last season 's swiss champions .
they took the lead as early as the 14th minute when right-back nacho made his first run into the basle area and played the ball to james whose clever backheel allowed the full-back to continue his run and shoot at tomas vaclik in the basle goal .
via the chest of defender marek suchy the ball went past the keeper at his near post .
video scroll down to watch ancelotti pleased with real reaction .
cristiano ronaldo and gareth bale celebrate after real madrid score twice in as many minutes to take a three-goal lead at the bernabeu .
cristiano ronaldo takes an early run at tow basle defenders as real madrid started the stronger side .
welsh star gareth bale was closely marked in the opening stages but basle were unable to cope with real madrid 's plethora of attacking talent .
nacho celebrates with james rodriguez after his cross was deflected into the net by basle 's marek suchy to put real madrid ahead .
video ancelotti pleased with real reaction .
real madrid : casillas , pepe , sergio ramos , marcelo , nacho , kroos , rodriguez , bale , modric , ronaldo , benzema .
subs : navas , varane , fabio coentrao , hernandez , arbeloa , isco , illarramendi .
goals : suchy og 14 , bale 30 , ronaldo 31 , rodriguez 36 , benzema 79 .
basle : vaclik , samuel , schar , suchy , safari , zuffi , frei , el-nenny , xhaka , streller , gonzalez .
subs : vailati , delgado , gashi , kakitani , aliji , embolo , calla .
goal : gonzalez 37 .
referee : damir skomina -lrb- slovenia -rrb- .
madrid were on top without being particularly convincing in those opening stages .
toni kroos is learning on the job in xabi alonso 's defensive midfield position and he was guilty of giving the ball away