mama june has a new home - and it looks like estranged partner sugar bear will be welcome over the threshold .
june shannon , daughter honey boo boo and her other girls moved in to their new home this weekend in hampton , georgia .
according to tmz , sugar bear , also known as mike thompson , will be traveling the 90 minutes from his home in mcintyre to visit his daughter .
scroll down for video .
new digs , new start : mama june , honey boo boo and the rest of the girls will soon move into the four-bedroom house in hampton , georgia .
honey boo boo is pictured relaxing in the vast and sparsely furnished bedroom to watch a spot of tv .
alana aka honey boo boo 's room at the new family home in georgia complete with self-portrait and posters from their hit reality show .
cartoon owls adorn the bathroom at the family 's fabulous new home in hampton , georgia which has four bedrooms .
no books on the shelves of the dining room at mama june 's new home but just stacks and stacks of laundry detergent and toilet roll .
the photos from inside mama june 's new home reveal a bunk-bed with plenty of pink for alana 's new bedroom .
there is also a self-portrait of the former beauty pageant star above the bed and posters from their reality show which was canceled in october .
cartoon owls adorn one bathroom while furniture still appears to be sparse throughout the rest of the house .
mama june also revealed she will have strict new cleaning rules - no shoes inside and all the girls will have chores to keep the home in tip-top condition .
june and mike were never technically married , but they did have a camouflage-clad commitment ceremony on may 5 , 2013 .
shannon 's four daughters - anna aka ` chickadee , ' 20 , jessica aka ` chubbs , ' 18 , lauryn aka ` pumpkin , ' 15 , and alana aka ` honey boo boo , ' 9 - all have different fathers .
thompson lives in a mobile home with his brother while the mom and daughters new home cost $ 149,000 .
after four seasons , tlc canceled here comes honey boo boo on october