a freak lightning strike that sounded ` like a bomb going off ' sparked a massive blaze and gutted the top floor of a six-bedroom house .
the family-of-four were watching television at about 9pm on monday evening when they heard a bang and the power suddenly went off at their home in winterbourne down , bristol .
initially they thought it was a fault with their washing machine , which had just started a cycle , until they heard neighbours screaming at them to get out .
the devastation caused by a freak lightning strike at a house in bristol , which caused the ceiling to collapse .
the family were downstairs at the time the lightning struck as fire ravaged through the children 's bedrooms .
they managed to escape with their two dogs as fire ripped through the top floor of the property - thought to be worth more than # 500,000 - before part of the ceiling collapsed into a bedroom .
mother dawn , who lives at the address with her husband and two children aged , 12 and ten and does not want to reveal her surname , said the family is lucky to be alive .
' i usually put the children to bed at nine but i was running late and they were in the living room watching telly with my husband while i was in the kitchen putting a wash on .
' i was just walking away from the machine when i heard an almighty bang and everything went into darkness .
they heard a bang at their home in winterbourne down near bristol , but thought it was the washing machine .
looking out from what used to be the ceiling now no longer exists after it was destroyed by fire in the storm .
' i started screaming and the children came running out frightened .
` we thought it was the electrics so i got a torch and my husband went and looked in the fuse box but it had blew off the wall .
dawn said her family is lucky to be alive and has been left ` heartbroken ' by the freak incident .
` we opened the door because we could hear shouting and the neighbours were behind our electric gates , which they could n't open .
` they 'd heard the bang