thousands of australians scored illegal drugs from a website run like ebay , where they could check out reviews on dope , meth , ecstasy and cocaine and order their highs through the post at a quarter of the street price .
a 30-year-old texan man named ross ulbricht is alleged by the fbi to have created the website and to have run it from a bondi apartment in sydney for the first six months , but he has plead not guilty to the charges against him .
lawyer turned journalist eileen ormsby , from melbourne , began investigating online drug supermarket silk road in 2011 after a woman she met at a party told her how easy it was to buy drugs from it .
despite it being a global website , reportedly founded in the us , ` australian users were definitely over represented because there were higher quality drugs on there , ' ms ormsby told daily mail australia .
scroll down for video .
texan man named ross william ulbricht has been charged as being the site 's pseudonymous founder dread pirate roberts .
` the drugs were also much , much cheaper than in australia , ' she explained .
` the most popular drug was mdma .
a gram is $ 300 on the street but only $ 80 online .
' silk road , which has since been shut down by the fbi , was an online black market and part of the deep web that it operated as a tor hidden service , meaning online users were able to browse it anonymously and securely without being detected by authorities .
the journalist began hanging out on the site 's online forums , which you could access by downloading tor software to your computer and by trading in the online currency bitcoin , and spoke with many users of the site .
` the online forums were very busy and there were a lot of australians .
i was gobsmacked that it existed or that it worked , ' she said .
ms ormsby was also shocked at the type of people she met on the website .
` they came across as quite intelligent and engaged , then i got interested in the whole business model and how it was so openly advertised on forums like reddit , ' she explained .