this will prove yet another bitter pill for saracens to swallow .
the hurt of losing back-to-back european and domestic finals last year took mark mccall 's men all of last summer and a good chunk of this season to overcome .
this time they must lick their wounds and refocus their efforts on the aviva premiership after coming up short against clermont .
clermont warm up in front of their supporters at stade geoffroy-guichard in saint-etienne .
clermont centre wesley fofana attempts an offload following a crunching hit from marcelo bosch .
saracens flanker maro itojie secures a loose ball on the deck during a tight first half of action .
there should be no shame in this defeat .
whereas northampton capitulated embarrassingly against the same opponents a fortnight ago , saracens stood tall on saturday .
saracens ' long-suffering chairman nigel wray , who has pumped tens of millions of pounds into this club over the past two decades , took the opportunity on saturday morning to repeat his conviction that english clubs will never be able to compete with french teams if the domestic salary cap is not raised .
but it can only be a matter of time before saracens deliver .
with five of their starting pack under the age of 24 -- all english qualified -- they have forwards who will surely develop into a world-class outfit .
twenty-year-old maro itoje was impressive making his first start in europe , while the vunipola brothers were magnificent .
ultimately the better side won , and clermont will head into their second european final confident they can land their first european title .
saracens pressurised clermont with the same fierce defence that knocked them so spectacularly off their stride in last year 's semi-final at twickenham .
sarries no 8 billy vunipola makes a strong run as radosavljevic tries to halt his progress .
the difference this time was that clermont knew what was coming and were able to keep their wits about them , buoyed by a partisan crowd .
` i 've never experienced an atmosphere like that , ' said mccall .
' the effort and many aspects of our performance were phenomenal .
we made clermont play a a game they did n't want to play .
the game was on a knife edge with 10 minutes to go but games