more than 3,000 women in the uk face complications from controversial french breast implants it was feared today as the government launched a review of the risks .
the reassessment was triggered after a major cosmetic surgery company told ministers privately that rupture rates could be as high as 7 or 8 per cent .
around 40,000 women in britain are .
believed to have had silicone implants made by the poly .
implant prothese -lrb- pip -rrb- , including thousands who underwent reconstructive .
breast surgery through the nhs .
defective : a plastic surgeon holding e silicone gel breast implants , which were removed from a patient when it ruptured .
transform apparently .
carried out 4,000 of the implants , but if its estimate is replicated .
across the total , up to 3,200 women could be affected .
the uk regulator , the medicines and .
healthcare products regulatory agency , had previously indicated the risk .
of rupture was one per cent .
as health secretary andrew lansley ordered a review by nhs medical director professor sir bruce keogh , it was revealed that : .
mr lansley said said the new information had left him ` concerned and unhappy ' .
he added : ` we are doing everything we can to ensure that women with these implants get the best possible advice .
wealthy : jean-claude mas , pictured holding a breast implant , is facing charges including manslaughter following the collapse of poly implant prothese .
` so far , all the evidence from around the world suggests that women should not be worried and that there have not been abnormal levels of problems reported with these implants .
but if any woman is worried , then they should contact their surgeon or gp .
` we have , however , received new data .
that requires full assessment and evaluation , so i have asked prof keogh .
to lead an urgent investigation so that we can establish exactly what .
has happened and whether we need to improve the regulatory regime .
' review of data : health secretary andrew lansley is ` unhappy ' and ` concerned ' mr lansley said he wanted to reassure .
women that if new data came to light that called into question the .
safety of the implants , the government would act