by .
graham smith .
last updated at 4:04 pm on 1st march 2012 .
the syrian regime today vowed to ` cleanse ' a rebel-held district in the besieged central city of homs after nearly four weeks of shelling .
government troops amassed outside the embattled neighbourhood of baba amr , raising fears among activists of an imminent ground invasion that could endanger thousands of residents , as well as two trapped western journalists , who have been under heavy bombardment .
the latest advance comes after helicopter gunships yesterday opened fire on civilians , activists claimed , as the brutal crackdown on homs rebels continued for a 25th day .
in response to the latest developments , britain has withdrawn its diplomatic staff in the country and closed its embassy in damascus .
readying themselves : members of the free syrian army are deployed in homs today as the syrian regime vowed to ` cleanse ' a rebel-held district in the besieged central city after nearly four weeks of shelling .
lone resistance fighter : government troops have massed outside the embattled neighbourhood of baba amr , raising fears among activists of an imminent ground invasion that could endanger thousands of residents .
foreign secretary william hague made the decision last night after it was decided the ` deterioration in the security situation ' had put their safety at risk .
mr hague urged those fighting for president bashar assad 's regime to lay down their arms .
in a written statement to parliament , .
mr hague stressed the decision to withdraw embassy staff ` in no way .
reduces the uk 's commitment to active diplomacy to maintain pressure on .
the assad regime to end the violence ' .
in homs , snow blanketed the city , slowing a ground assault that began yesterday and is nearing baba amr , but also worsening the misery of residents short of food , fuel , power , water and telephone links , activists said .
it today emerged that a spanish .
journalist who had been stuck in homs has escaped to lebanon , the second .
foreign reporter to do so - following sunday times photographer paul .
conroy - since a government rocket attack last week killed marie colvin and french photographer remi ochlik and wounded edith bouvier and conroy .
the fate of the