inspired by steve irwin , a young man has quit his job to commit himself to his goal of raising money for animal welfare through the creation of innovative paintings .
mornington peninsula-based artist mtich gobel has pledged to donate $ 50,000 to fund the animal hospital at australia zoon , donating the funds to steve and terri irwin 's foundation ` australia zoo wildlife warriors ' .
` it 's a great experience , it 's been a pretty crazy journey and it gives me a fuzzy feeling to know i can contribute to steve 's legacy , ' said gobel .
on wednesday , it was announced that gobel was halfway towards his goal and has donated $ 25,000 to the foundation .
gobel will now spend two days at australia zoo working on the finishing touches on his custom artwork .
mitch gobel , a 24-year-old artist and activist , has donated $ 25,000 to the australia zoo 's animal hospital and has promised another $ 25,000 .
he is raising the money through his beautiful artworks .
a koala and a cockatoo both had paint put on bottom of their paws/claws and were given the opportunity to give their own artistic input by walking across an artwork by gobel which will hang in the hospital .
a koala and a cockatoo both had paint put on bottom of their paws/claws and were given the opportunity to give their own artistic input by walking across the artwork .
` i named the painting after steve -- ` the crocodile hunter , ' said gobel .
` the idea behind it was to incorporate animals into the design but still have it fairly abstract .
` i wanted it to represent something like a billabong , something that was drying up and have their footprints to represent their tracks and where they have been , ' explained gobel .
the aim is for the artwork to hang in the australia zoo wildlife hospital by friday -- another kind gesture from the 24-year-old art activist .
wildlife warriors director of development cynthia thompson says they are incredibly grateful for the compassionate contribution from the young artist .
` donations are incredibly important for the hospital , we do n't receive any regular government support so we 're an entirely non-profit organisation , ' thompson said .
` we depend