nine out of ten medical entries on wikipedia have factual inaccuracies , according to researchers .
when you 're feeling under the weather , it 's only natural to want to find out what is wrong with you ... fast .
but turning to the internet to determine the cause of your symptoms can be a bad idea , according to a study by doctors .
it found that nine in ten wikipedia entries on common medical conditions contained factual errors .
this is because , unlike a traditional encyclopedia , the hugely popular website lets ordinary users create , delete and edit entries -- increasing the risk of mistakes .
lead author robert hasty of campbell university in the us warned : ` researchers should not use -lsb- wikipedia -rsb- as a primary resource because those articles do not go through the same peer-review process as medical journals .
` the best resource when looking for a diagnosis is to speak with your physician , who can take into account your medical history and other factors to determine the best course of treatment .
' since its launch in 2001 , wikipedia has become the most popular general reference site on the internet .
it contains more than 31million entries in 285 languages .
at least 20,000 are health-related .
the team , who looked at information on conditions such as diabetes , lung cancer and back pain , said : ` wikipedia 's prominence has been made possible by its fundamental design as a collaborative database .
` however , it is this very feature that has raised concern in the medical community regarding the reliability of the information it contains .
' errors on wikipedia included an entry which stated that to correctly diagnose high blood pressure , high readings must be obtained on three separate occasions .
the researchers said that is not true and could lead to a dangerous delay in treatment .
another entry said antidepressants were not beneficial for children .
even medical staff are prone to checking a diagnosis or symptoms on wikipedia , according to dr robert hasty from campbell university , us .
but according to the researchers , this is incorrect and could prevent parents from allowing their children to be treated with medication .
drug companies have also been accused of editing wikipedia to remove references to harmful