more than 20,000 foreign fighters have fled to syria and iraq , turning the region into an ` international finishing school ' for jihadists , an alarming report found .
fighters from 100 nations -- more than half the countries in the world -- have joined militant groups such as al qaeda and islamic state , according to research by the united nations .
worryingly , the report warned if is was defeated in the war-torn region then the barbarous foreign fighters could be scattered across the world .
scroll down for video .
more than 20,000 foreign fighters from more than half the countries in the world have joined militant groups such as al qaeda and islamic state , according to a report by the united nations .
the number of foreign fighters worldwide soared by a staggering 71 per cent between the middle of 2014 and march 2015 after is gained significant territory .
syria and iraq were by far the biggest destinations , with over 20,000 foreign fighters travelling to the region to fight for mainly is but also the al-nusra front .
the panel said the thousands of foreign fighters who travelled to both countries are living and working in ` a veritable `` international finishing school '' for extremists ' as was the case in afghanistan in the 1990s .
afghan security forces estimated in march -- three months after british troops withdrew - that about 6,500 foreign fighters were active in the country .
and it said hundreds of foreigners are fighting in yemen , libya and pakistan , around 100 in somalia , and others in the sahel countries in northern africa , and in the philippines .
the panel of experts monitoring un sanctions against al-qaeda said in the report that the scale of the problem has increased over the past three years and the flow of foreign fighters ` is higher than it has ever been historically ' .
the number of foreign fighters worldwide soared by a staggering 71 per cent between the middle of 2014 and march 2015 after is gained significant territory .
the overall number of foreign terrorist fighters has ` risen sharply from a few thousand ... a decade ago to more than 25,000 today , ' the panel said in the report to the un security council .
a military defeat of the islamic state