by .
hugo gye .
published : .
02:20 est , 19 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
02:20 est , 19 august 2013 .
british troops have been attacking taliban fighters in secret raids months after the military officially stopped offensive operations in afghanistan .
paratroopers and royal marines in the special forces support group have teamed up with afghan commandos in helmand province .
the elite fighters take on taliban bomb-makers , launching several raids a week in an attempt to drive the extremists out of the area .
on the front line : british troops are fighting the taliban in secret raids , it has emerged -lrb- file photo -rrb- .
details of the previously unknown operations were revealed by a senior officer in the unit writing in pegasus , the parachute regiment 's in-house journal .
he wrote that the sfsg 's a company was deployed to afghanistan in january for a six-month tour , during which it was involved in two or three offensives against the taliban each week .
up to 150 british troops joined up with task force 444 , a group of elite commandos from the afghan national army , according to the daily telegraph .
they aimed to cripple the taliban 's bomb-making abilities and block insurgents ' supply lines near the border with pakistan , according to the anonymous officer .
he revealed his satisfaction at taking part in combat operations , writing : ` killing the enemy in the close battle is exactly what we joined up to do .
' pledge : officers and ministers have insisted that the british forces are no longer involved in combat .
the officer also praised the men from the unit , saying they were working ` above their pay grade ' and had impressed their fellow fighters .
however , he added that ` the afghanistan burden is heavy ' , with many afghan soldiers killed in action and british troops suffering ` life-changing injuries ' .
earlier this year , senior military commanders claimed that british forces were no longer involved in combat operations in helmand , after more than a decade of fighting in the region .
officials have insisted that the afghan army is now in control of operations , with british troops taking an advisory role .
however , the latest revelation casts doubt on