by .
craig mackenzie .
published : .
05:57 est , 7 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:22 est , 8 july 2013 .
as 12 million british hayfever sufferers struggle with the worst season for years , they are turning to private clinics for a ` wonder-cure ' jab the nhs no longer offers because it is too ` toxic ' .
internet forums have been swamped by people fuming at not being able to get the injections from their gps .
for many years , kenalog jabs were prescribed to those with the most severe symptoms , but they were withdrawn when it was realised they left patients at greater risk from contagious illnesses .
suffering : people with hayfever are turning to private clinics who inject patients with a powerful drug which the nhs has rejected as ` toxic ' the injection contains the drug .
triamcinolone , a corticosteroid that suppresses the body 's immune system .
to prevent allergic reactions to pollen .
but it leaves the body open to infections such as chicken pox and measles , for three weeks after being administered .
other potential side effects include bone .
pain , easy bruising and bleeding , severe stomach and abdominal pain , .
shortness of breath and irregular heartbeats .
the 50mg or 100mg doses are 10 or 20 times stronger than the oral steroid tablets now offered on the nhs .
in tablet form the steroid can be regulated for its effect on the body .
keeping the pollen at bay : a sufferer wears a mask in a field of rape seed .
jabs have been withdrawn by gps .
by suppressing the immune system , kenalog also leaves people unable to cope with serious illness or the trauma caused by an accident or sudden shock , for example being in a car crash .
many of those posting on the internet believe the kenalog jabs have been withdrawn as a cost-cutting measure , but doctors fear the public simply does not realise how harmful this powerful drug can be .
desperate : there are 12 million people with hayfever in britain who are suffering in the worst season for years .
dr james cave , who edits the drugs .
and therapeutic bulletin , said : ` let 's be clear , it 's incredibly .