a class of spanish schoolchildren got a surprise when they arrived for lessons only to find king felipe and queen letizia waiting for them instead .
the spanish royal couple were visiting the ben-cho-shey primary education center in pereiro de aguiar in ourense when they joined the children for lessons .
before the hard business of learning got underway , the royals spent a few happy moments getting to know the pupils in the playground before following them into class .
scroll down for video .
are you my teacher ?
the school children are met by king felipe and queen letizia outside their school .
wow !
some of the children looked a little surprised to find the royal couple in their playground as they arrived .
there , .
king felipe , 46 , found himself centre of attention as he joined a table of .
children doing jigsaw puzzles , while letizia enjoyed a chat with another .
little girl .
dressed .
in an elegant floral jacket , cream shirt and tailored black trousers , .
she looked every inch the style icon - even managing to effortlessly .
navigate the corridors in a pair of sky-high peep-toes .
the .
look was a far cry from the one she adopted to take her own daughters .
to school last week , where she opted for a simple grey t-shirt and .
jeans .
the two girls , leonor , eight , and sofia , seven , .
both go to the same school , santa maria de los rosales in madrid , which .
their father also attended as a boy .
lessons from the king : felipe appeared to be enjoying himself as he helped some of the children with a jigsaw .
so that 's what you do : letizia passes on her words of jigsaw-building wisdom to one delighted little girl .
ta dah !
the advice seems to work as the little girl , named victoria , manages to complete her puzzle .
felipe , for his part , was dapper in a pinstripe suit and appeared to be enjoying himself as he chatted to the children and teachers .
the .
visit came a day after letizia celebrated her 42nd birthday with an .
appearance at a journalism awards ceremony and lunch in madrid .
there , .
dressed in