by .
david mccormack .
and bella brennan for mailonline .
disney smash frozen has inspired a host of tributes and parodies in recent months but now someone has taken it to a very different -- and kinky - place .
fifty shades of frozen takes the dialogue from the trailer to the forthcoming s&m romance fifty shades of grey but replaces scenes from the jamie dornan and dakota johnson-staring movie with clips of the most popular animated film of all time .
once you watch the end result you 'll never be able to look at frozen in the same light again as it adds an altogether steamier undercurrent to hans and anna 's romance which was wholly missing from the g-rated cartoon princess musical .
watch : fifty shades of frozen .
fifty shades of frozen takes the dialogue from the trailer to the forthcoming s&m romance fifty shades of grey but replaces scenes from the movie with clips of the most popular animated film of all time .
the forthcoming s&m romance fifty shades of grey features jamie dornan and dakota johnson taking on the roles of christian grey and anastasia steele .
as a stand-in for christian grey , prince hans is eerily appropriate as the mash-up shows the manipulative prince to have much in common with control-freak corporate titan .
the mash-up is the handiwork of youtube user tranceart violeta , who has skilfully pieced the two movies together .
as a stand-in for christian grey , prince hans is eerily appropriate .
he may not have a red room of pain hidden in his castle , but the mash-up shows the manipulative prince to have much in common with control-freak corporate titan grey .
other frozen parodies in recent months have included the oscar-winning song let it go rewritten as do you want to be my boyfriend , do you wan na get a beer , man and by father sick of the musical who sings ` let it go , let it go , i 'm gon na smash the radio ' .
not out until next february , fifty shades of grey is the hotly-anticipated movie adaptation of e.l. james ' best-selling novel .
the inspired mash-up is the handiwork of youtube user tranceart violeta , who has skilfully pieced the two movies together .
pure passion !
jamie dornan and dakota