by .
lee moran .
updated : .
08:38 est , 27 january 2012 .
two iranian bloggers are to be executed for ` spreading corruption ' - as tehran cracks down on freedom of expression in the run up to its parliamentary elections in march .
four journalists have also been arrested , prompting the u.s. state department to urge iranian officials to ` protect the rights of all its citizens and uphold the rule of law ' .
it comes as israel said the world must act quickly to stop iran from developing nuclear weapons , and the un urged the west to resume talks with the pariah state .
crack down : two iranian bloggers are to be executed for ` spreading corruption ' as the country , whose president is mahmoud ahmadinejad -lrb- pictured -rrb- curbs freedom of expression in the run up to its parliamentary elections in march .
talks : israel 's defence minister ehud barak -lrb- left -rrb- says the world must act on iran soon , as un secretary general ban ki-moon -lrb- right -rrb- urged a resumption of dialogue with the west .
and it is two days before iran 's parliament debates whether to stop exports of oil to the european union , which if approved could start as early as next week .
it would deny the eu a six-month phase-in of the embargo on iranian oil it agreed on monday as part of tough new sanctions aimed at forcing the curbing of its nuclear programme .
it followed u.s. action aimed at limiting the country 's ability to sell oil , which accounts for 80 per cent of iran 's foreign revenue .
on the arrests and imminent executions , u.s. state department spokesman victoria nuland said : ` we are deeply concerned by the alarming increase in the iranian regime 's efforts to extinguish all forms of free expression and limit its citizens ' access to information .
' suspicions : britain 's pondering comes as iran made its first move in attempts to gain an edge in nuclear talks with the u.s. and other world powers .
provocative ?
the uss abraham lincoln is one of the warships passing through the controversial strait of hormuz .
she said security forces had , in the last two weeks , reportedly arrested journalists shahram manouchehri , sahamedin bourghani