by .
australian associated press .
a self-described ` deadbeat ' mother of a boy who died in a squalid melbourne home has collapsed in court , as she and her husband faced charges over his death .
the five-year-old died after cutting his foot on a tin of cat food left lying among piles of rubbish inside the house in 2012 .
the mother and father , both aged in their 40s , pleaded guilty to two charges each of reckless conduct endangering their two sons .
prosecutor susan borg said the floor of the couple 's home was covered with rotting food , faeces , open packets of food , bottles and cat food .
the five-year-old boy died after cutting his foot on an open tin of cat food that was buried beneath piles of rubbish on the floor .
the parents face charges over the boy 's death in clearly horrific living conditions .
` two years prior -lrb- to the boy 's death -rrb- the premises was one of squalor , ' she told their victorian county court plea hearing on thursday .
` the walls were covered in filth .
' as ms borg was speaking the mother collapsed in the dock , which prompted calls for medical help .
the mother earlier described herself as a ` deadbeat ' when asked to detail her occupation .
ms borg told the court the boy almost severed his toe in the house several days before he died .
but she said an autopsy could not directly link the cutting of his toe to his death , or determine a clear cause of death .
the mother told the court ` deadbeat ' when asked about her profession .
the prosecutor says there faeces and rotting food were found at the home .
the two boys were placed in danger of bacterial infection by the faeces in the house and physical danger by the open tins of food littering the floor , ms borg said .
the couple , who can not be named , married in the late-1990s and had two boys .
they also pleaded guilty to a charge of failing to register the birth of their deceased son .
after the mother 's collapse , chief judge michael rozenes adjourned the case to have her assessed medically .
the matter will return to