by .
tom gardner .
published : .
12:04 est , 14 april 2012 .
| .
updated : .
05:39 est , 15 april 2012 .
to some it may seem like a trivial reason for a diplomatic spat , but a row has broken out between austria and slovenia over a regional sausage .
the dispute erupted after slovenia began attempts to get the krainer sausage special protected eu status - similar to melton mowbray pork pies , the cornish pasty , champagne and parmesan .
the country claims the beloved specialty , made of minced pork and seasoned with garlic and pepper , was invented in northern slovenia in the 19th century .
dispute : austria and slovenia are clashing over and application to get this pork sausage protected geographical indication statud .
but austria insists a cheese-filled variation of the sausage , the kaesekrainer , belongs to their nation .
the two countries are now at loggerheads over who has the best claim to the pork sausage .
slovenia is applying to the european commission for protected geographical indication -lrb- pgi -rrb- status , because of the meat 's connection to the kranjska region .
it would mean only a sausage prepared in that specific region could bear the name krainer .
but austria has vowed to challenge the bid .
row : if the two nations can not settle their dispute over the sausage , the european commission with make a ruling on the issue .
` to rename this beloved speciality is simply impossible .
vienna sausage stands are a trademark of the city and kaesekrainers have to be on offer .
` frankfurter sausages are called wiener wuerstel in germany and that is not a problem , ' vienna chamber of commerce 's josef bitzinger said in a statement to the bbc .
to qualify for the protected .
geographical indication status , eu bureaucrats have to be satisfied a .
specialty product comes from a specific region or country , and has a .
definite quality , goodwill or other characteristic , attributable to its .
geographical origin .
the entire product must be .
traditionally and at least partially manufactured within the specific .
region and thus acquire unique properties .
the european commission will make a ruling if the two countries can not resolve the issue in the next six