wojciech szczesny took arsenal 's youngsters under his wing to do a bit of sightseeing in new york .
the gunners keeper and a host of starlets like chuba akpom , kris olsson and francis coquelin rode the subway before visiting the top of the rock in the rockefeller centre .
the young gunners - who also had nacho monreal in tow - took in the stunning view of the city from the summit , which stands 70 floors up .
video scroll down to watch thierry henry discussing his arsenal days .
quickest route around town : wojciech szczesny keeps his eye on the youngsters as they enjoy sightseeing day out .
quickest route around town : nacho monreal takes the subway to the rockefeller centre .
arsenal 's tour schedule kicks off with an emotional reunion with gunners icon thierry henry as they face the new york red bulls .
gunners boss arsene wenger insists henry still has it - and joked he wanted him to turn out for his side in the exhibition game .
wenger said : ` i came here with only one striker because i hoped he would play one half for us .
he practises with us and is still very sharp and he came back here in very good shape .
' akpom is the only recognised striker in arsenal 's touring party .
making the most of public transport : chuba akpom and isaac hayden walk though the subway to get to the top of the rock at the rockefeller center .
great views of the city : ignasi miquel poses for snap at the top of the rock in manhattan .
a walk along the hudson river : hector bellerin and isaac hayden are seen smiling .
tourists for the day : nacho monreal and jon toral pose on the escalator .
time for a sit down : jon toral , hector bellerin and ignasi miquel whizz around new york city .
times square group photo : wojciech szczesny poses with nacho monreal , hector bellerin , kris olsson , isaac hayden , francis coquelin , jon toral , damien martinez and chuba akpom .
finding their way around : francis coquelin and hector bellerin lead the way as the group take public transport .
video new liverpool signing eyes premier league trophy .