by .
alex greig .
published : .
14:06 est , 16 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
11:27 est , 17 march 2014 .
days before she was named miss congeniality at the miss lewis county scholarship pageant in centralia , washington , chloe curry was accused of attempting to shoplift cosmetics from the chehalis walmart .
police said the 18-year-old from adna and another 18-year-old attempted to leave the store on march 6 with lip balm , nail polish , fake eyelashes , fake nails and other beauty products worth more than $ 100 in their purses .
both were cited .
three days later , curry was named miss congeniality at the pageant , her looming court date unbeknown to pageant judges .
scroll down for video .
miss congeniality : chloe curry was arrested with about $ 100 worth of stolen cosmetics in her purse .
role model : curry says she hopes her crime wo n't discourage little girls from supporting her positive body image platform .
the chronicle reports pageant judges were unaware of the incident before saturday 's competition because she used a name different than her legal name .
` it was a stupid mistake , ' curry told king 5 news .
` we thought we could get away with it and we did n't .
' however , she says that she 's genuinely sorry for her actions , not because she got caught .
' i can honestly say i really am sorry .
' curry says she is remorseful for trying to steal $ 100 worth of cosmetics from a local walmart .
shocked : the board of the pageant is deciding whether or not to allow curry to keep her miss congeniality title .
haul : curry attempted to make off with nail polish , false eyelashes and other beauty products .
college-bound : curry will be allowed to keep the $ 600 scholarship she won in the pageant .
the executive director of the pageant told king 5 news that she is ` shocked ' by the news of curry 's charge .
cindy godsey said that the miss washington board is conferring about whether or not curry will be allowed to keep her title .
curry won a $ 600 miss congeniality scholarship , which can not be taken away under pageant rules