by .
shari miller .
published : .
03:47 est , 14 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:03 est , 14 july 2013 .
protest of innocence : bill boal , pictured here arriving for trial in aylesbury , buckinghamshire , was accused of taking part in the great train robbery .
the family of a man convicted over the great train robbery have launched a fresh appeal nearly 50 years on to clear his name , with one gang member declaring ` he had absolutely nothing to do with it ' .
bill boal was one of 12 men jailed for the audacious crime in august 1963 , which resulted in the gang taking # 2.5 million from the glasgow-to-london night mail train .
boal , who was sentenced to 24 years - later reduced to 14 on appeal - died in 1970 from cancer while still in prison .
he always protested his innocence .
now robber roger cordrey 's son tony has spoken out by stating what boal 's family always believed - that the engineer from fulham , west london was not involved in the robbery .
speaking to the sunday people , he said : ` bill was totally innocent .
dad said many , many times bill had absolutely nothing to do with the robbery .
' his statement comes as boal 's family revealed they are preparing a file asking the criminal case review commission to look again at their father 's case .
if successful , they hope to convince the appeal court to reverse his conviction and clear his name .
it will include testimony from gang members and include evidence ruled out of the original trial .
boal was convicted after the police .
found him with cordery 's car , which contained # 141,000 - his friend 's share of the massive haul .
he always maintained that he was unaware of the stolen money - and other gang members have supported this .
nick reynolds , the son of convicted robber bruce reynolds , told the sunday people : ` bill never played any part in it and the rest of the guys were completely stunned when he was convicted .
' bill boal always protested his innocence , but was convicted , jailed for 24 years and died in prison from cancer .
police