by .
daily mail reporter and associated press reporter .
published : .
22:40 est , 8 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:19 est , 9 january 2013 .
the city of dallas has begun tearing down a run-down building where lee harvey oswald briefly lived before the .
assassination of president john f. kennedy .
the uninhabited 10-unit , .
two-story apartment complex was condemned in november 2012 after a four-year battle over code violations .
now the bulldozers have moved in to raze the building in the same year that dallas is officially commemorating the killing for the first time .
president kennedy was shot on november 22 1963 .
bulldozers demolish the dilapidated building where lee harvey oswald briefly lived prior to assassinating president kennedy in 1963 .
a city worker cuts a chain link fence surrounding the apartment complex prior to demolition on monday .
owner jane bryant was emotional about seeing the building being demolished .
she told the la times that she had n't known that the process had begun until she was informed by a reporter .
` the city of dallas told me if i was .
making progress on the building , they would stop it , ' bryant said .
` they agreed to give me more time .
' the owner had been trying to salvage the valuable and historic parts of the building that was built in 1925 .
she believed she had around two weeks left .
bryant has already sold the toilet and bathtub from oswald 's old apartment but wanted to remove the old pine and white oak from the property .
crumbling : the disheveled apartment was uninhabited and had a number of building code violations .
she told the la .
times that she was trying to contact her lawyer to file a restraining .
order to stop the demolition , and that police on monday had refused to .
let her into the building .
bryant .
was worried that scavengers would begin to break up the building as it .
was being taken down by the city ` people are going to be in there .
tonight stealing , ' she said .
bryant .
was never able to realize her plans to renovate the building in the oak .
cliff area of dallas after buying it in