a traffic warden has been sacked after he was caught using visitor permits to avoid a parking fine .
nicholas brzezinski , 64 , used the permits on his nissan primera while working as a parking warden in portsmouth .
he was investigated when portsmouth city council were tipped off that staff were abusing parking rules , and enforcement officers were sent to the la north parking zone in southsea to investigate .
flouting the rules : nicholas brzezinski , 64 , used visitor permits on his nissan primera while working as a parking warden in portsmouth so he did n't get a parking ticket .
used his inside knowledge : brzezinski was investigated when portsmouth city council were tipped off that staff were abusing parking rules , and enforcement officers were sent to investigate .
when they arrived , they saw brzezinski 's nissan primera parked there .
displaying a visitor permit , portsmouth magistrates ' court , hampshire , .
heard .
it .
was later discovered that on several occasions , he was dishonestly .
using a visitors parking permit when tasked with working as a parking .
warden .
when asked why he had flouted parking rules in portsmouth , hampshire , he said : ` so i would n't get a parking ticket .
' victoria putnam , prosecuting , said : ` the defendant was a fully-trained , experienced civil enforcement officer who undoubtedly used his knowledge to take advantage of the parking restrictions .
' brzezinski admitted four counts of using a device with intent to deceive between november last year and february .
caught : brzezinkski was caught out when enforcement officers were sent to the la north parking zone in southsea -lrb- one of the streets is pictured -rrb- to see if staff were parking their cars there .
he admitted one count of possessing an item for use in connection with fraud .
marie de redman , defending , said : ` he knew he was breaching the terms of the permits .
` but he was n't trying to do so in such a way that he was trying to cheat anybody out of any money or gain anything for himself .
' the court heard the permits were lawfully obtained and that brzezinski , from portsmouth , had used them lawfully previously .
brzezinkski , who was in