by .
mark duell .
published : .
14:06 est , 14 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
14:19 est , 14 october 2012 .
a nine-year-old girl suffering from an extremely rare liver condition which turns her skin and eyes yellow has to spend up to 12 hours every day under bright blue ultraviolet lights to stay healthy .
brianna minnich , of whitehall , pennsylvania , spends each night tucked up in bed beneath the lights she needs to help battle the serious disease , which can sometimes lead to brain damage .
her skin and eyes turn yellow whenever she has a sudden change in mood caused by illness , injury , stress , being bullied at school or even arguing with her six-year-old brother .
condition : brianna minnich , of whitehall , pennsylvania , spends each night tucked up in bed beneath the lights she needs to help battle crigler-najjar syndrome , which can sometimes lead to brain damage .
brianna suffers from crigler-najjar syndrome , meaning she has dangerously high levels of bilirubin , a naturally occurring waste product from the blood usually broken down by an enzyme in the liver .
she has to sleep under a 4ft bank of phototherapy lights over her bed - but as she gets older it is likely she will need a liver transplant , which can cause complications .
the uv rays from the blue light affect the bilirubin in her system when they come into contact with her red blood cells and skin tissue .
by helping to manage bilirubin levels in her body and keep them at an acceptable level , brianna is saved from any long term damage .
her father bob minnich , 29 , said : ` her bilirubin levels were considerably high , right up in the high twenties for the first month or so after being born .
family : brianna -lrb- front -rrb- , lives with her father bob , 29 , -lrb- right -rrb- mother brooke , 28 , -lrb- left -rrb- and brother brenden , six -lrb- centre -rrb- in whitehall , pennsylvania - near pittsburgh .
` we were told soon after the diagnosis .
that she was only the 52nd person in the country -lrb- the us -rrb- to have the .
disorder and just the 212th in the world .
`