critic : montana state senator ryan zinke is a former navy seal team 6 member .
a former officer in seal team six , the unit that killed osama bin laden , said that ` veterans and special forces community ' are determined that president barack obama be voted out in november .
ryan zinke , who retired in the rank of commander in 2008 after 23 years of service , said on tuesday that obama was guilty of a ` despicable ' attempt to divide veterans and discredit those who , like him , opposed the white house 's policies .
a republican state senator in montana who served two tours in seal team six as a junior officer in the 1990s , zinke was speaking to mailonline at his party 's convention in tampa , florida .
he was awarded two bronze stars and .
rose to become acting commander of the us combined joint special .
operations task force arabian peninsula and deputy commander of special .
forces in iraq .
zinke , 50 , .
has been singled out on the obama campaign website as being part of ` an .
interconnected web of republican operatives who are launching `` swift .
boat '' - style smear tactics ' -- a reference to the swift boat veterans for .
truth group that assailed senator john kerry , the 2004 democratic .
nominee , over his vietnam record .
some .
of the seals who were on the operation that killed bin laden in .
abbottabad , pakistan in 2011 served under zinke and he has met a number .
of them since the al-qaeda leader 's demise .
zinke .
is now heading up an anti-obama political action committee called .
special operations for america and is in tampa to unveil a new ad that .
takes obama to task for bowing to the king of saudi arabia .
scroll down to watch the political ads .
prideful : zinke believes obama has claimed too much credit for the success of the osama bin laden raid last year .
` bow to nobody ' : special operations for america pac has produced an ad criticizing the president for bow to king abdullah of suadi arabia .
furious : zinke said the president 's new ad , ` one chance , ' makes political sport of the