nigel farage was holed up in a ukip office for almost two hours today after it became surrounded by protesters .
after police told the ukip leader not to leave the office in rotherham , he complained the protests were ` undemocratic ' and blamed unions for mobilising opposition to his party .
it follows his outspoken criticism of the way the grooming scandal in the town had been handled by the local council , but the labour party accused him of trying to use child abuse to score political points .
scroll down for video .
police advised nigel farage not to leave the office in rotherham , which is the hq of the election campaign of local candidate jane collins .
outside the office one woman was seen breastfeeding , after mr farage said mothers of newborn babies should avoid being ` openly ostentatious ' when breastfeeding .
protesters gathered outside the office waving placards saying ` ukip not wanted here ' , ` reject ukip lies ' and ` hands off rotherham ' mr farage had hoped to cut the ribbon to declare the new office open before going on a walkabout around the town .
the ukip leader was holed up in the office for almost two hours , after protesters gathered outside .
mr farage stayed inside , from where he gave a live tv interview in which he blamed unions for mobilising opposition against ukip .
after spending almost two hours holed up in the office , mr farage was led to safety by police under a large red umbrella .
mr farage was due to cut the ribbon on the campaign office of ukip 's general election candidate jane collins , but his team said he was not coming out on police advice .
around 40 demonstrators gathered on a narrow pavement outside , along with a similar number of media .
his visit comes in the wake of the withering casey report into way rotherham council failed to deal with child sexual exploitation in the town .
the party has 10 councillors in the town which is one of its main target seats in the north .
the protesters were peaceful , but noisy , many of them carrying placards saying ` reject ukip lies ' , and shouting that the ukip leader was not welcome in the town .
others said