new surveillance footage of a boston bomber laying an explosive then fleeing the scene has been shown in court .
footage shows dzhokhar tsarnaev walking through the city before pausing near the finish line , where he dropped an explosive charge that killed an eight-year-old boy .
he is seen standing in the crowd for several minutes , before calling his brother , tamerlan .
shortly after the call , the first bomb explodes - at which point he pushes his way through the stunned crowd .
tsarnaev managed to clear the blast zone in the 12 seconds between the first bomb exploding and his going off - but is still in the shot from a surveillance camera at the scene .
shock : dzhokhar tsarnaev , cirlced top left , is pictured above in fbi surveillance video standing in a crowd the moment the first bomb goes off at the boston marathon .
while most of the crowd looks towards the blast , he heads off in the other direction .
explosion : pictured above is the moment tsarnaev 's pressure cooker bomb exploded .
it killed two people and wounded dozens more .
killer : the blast ended the life of 8-year-old martin richard , and also robbed his sister of one of her legs .
some 12 seconds later , a second explosion takes place precisely where he was standing .
he is later shown running from the scene without the backpack he was carrying earlier .
it is unclear exactly how the bomb was detonated - though early claims that it primitive kitchen-timer device seem to be endorsed by the fact that tsarnaev was still fleeing when the bomb went off .
the blast killed eight-year-old martin richard , as well as lingzi lu , a 23-year-old student .
martin 's younger sister , jane , lost a leg in the blast and hundreds were injured .
the footage was shown to jurors weighing up whether to sentence tsarnaev to death for the bombing - which his lawyers do not deny he did .
the video - nine and a half minutes in total - was compiled by fbi investigators from surveillance footage around the city .
plotting : dzhokhar , circled in white , is pictured here before the blasts .
his brother tamerlan tsarnaev , who was killed in a gun battle days later