as controversial weapons in the war on terror , they are regularly heard in the skies over countries such as afghanistan and somalia .
but drones are also a feature of the daily lives of a tiny community far removed from the world 's most notorious troublespots .
for the noise of the unmanned aircraft fills the air over aberporth , a once-bustling fishing port nestling beneath cliffs in west wales .
sky spy : a watchkeeper surveillance drone is put through its paces above aberporth .
the seaside town is the unlikely home to what is billed as britain 's ` drone centre of excellence ' .
the local airport , a former second world war raf station which is now privately owned , is the only place in the uk where military and civilian unmanned aerial vehicles -lrb- uavs -rrb- can be tested .
it is surrounded by 500 square miles of restricted airspace , meaning the pilotless drones -- used to carry out surveillance and deliver missile attacks without the need to put servicemen 's lives in danger -- can be flown without the risk of colliding with other aircraft .
however , the decision to turn west wales airport into the national aeronautical centre and spend # 21million of taxpayers ' money on a neighbouring technology park has shattered the peace of aberporth in more ways than one .
some critics have ethical concerns about using drones as remote battlefield weapons , saying that , particularly when used by us forces , they have been responsible for civilian deaths .
unlikely droning test site : aberporth in west wales was a quiet seaside village before the drones started flying overhead in cardigan bay .
others say money has been wasted on a project which has yet to deliver the jobs that were promised .
the welsh government said parc aberporth would create 1,000 jobs but the half-deserted site employs fewer than 40 people , while up to 12 more work at the airport .
protesters also complain about noise , privacy and safety -- two test drones have crashed .
the state-of-the-art watchkeeper uav , which cost # 889million , is being put through its paces by the royal artillery .
fifty-four of the drones , which resemble giant grey cigars with wings , are destined for surveillance work in afghanistan .
the craft send images