by .
pa reporter .
former manchester city defender daniel van buyten has announced his retirement from football .
the 36-year-old , who played for belgium at the world cup in brazil , was released by bayern munich at the end of last season but , despite attracting interest from brussels club anderlecht , he has decided to call time on his career .
in an open letter published in belgian newspaper la derniere heure , he wrote : ` important decisions are often difficult to make .
i have realised that over recent days .
and reason often trumps emotion .
calling time : daniel van buyten wanted to play for belgium at the world cup before retiring .
` my final goal was to play at the world cup and to give something back to my country .
` since january i worked hard and prepared for the big event with the utmost professionalism .
my body has certainly suffered for it .
' i was honoured when various proposals arrived while i was in brazil .
in particular , anderlecht 's efforts touched me deeply .
` but those who know me well know that when i engage in a project , i do so at 100 per cent .
i have tried over the past few weeks but my body tells me it 's impossible .
i do n't want to disappoint a club like anderlecht and its supporters .
german engineering : daniel van buyten -lrb- 2l -rrb- was released after a successful spell with bayern munich .
` that is why i have reluctantly decided to decline anderlecht 's offer .
a new life begins for me and i want to spend more time with my wife , my children , and the people i love .
' van buyten 's senior career began at charleroi in 1998 and , after spending two years with standard liege , he signed for marseille in 2001 .
he moved to premier league club city on loan in january 2004 , making five league appearances before returning to marseille briefly ahead of his switch to the bundesliga with hamburg .
fleeting visit : the belgian defender made five appearances for manchester city in 2004 .
in 2006 he joined bayern and , across his eight years in munich , won the german championship four times and the