a woman who discovered an abandoned baby girl outside her home on wednesday was later discovered to be the mother of the newborn .
khiani jackson told police and later tv stations that she had ` found ' the child , crying outside her home in beltsville , maryland just before noon on wednesday .
however after interviewing ms jackson , officers discovered that she had given birth to the girl hours before and had become ` overwhelmed ' .
scroll down for video .
abandoned : this little girl was found by herself crying in beltsville , maryland , just before noon on wednesday .
ms jackson earlier spoke to news4 , telling them she heard the baby crying and rushed to help .
she said : '' she was cold .
i immediately got her and washed her .
i would have done what i could to help -lsb- the mother -rsb- , it came to this .
god works in mysterious ways .
' ms jackson had given birth to the baby hours before at her home .
the child is in hospital in a good condition .
at no point was the baby left alone outside .
prince george 's county police said in a statement that the mother was also receiving medical treatment .
criminal charges were not being filed at this time and the baby girl was placed in the care of child protective services .
police said : ` we want to thank our community and members of the media for their concern for the baby girl and for sharing her picture during this investigation .
' khiani jackson told police that she had heard the baby crying outside her home and rushed to help .
after some questions , she was revealed as the baby 's mother who had become ` overwhelmed ' following a home birth several hours before .
according to maryland 's safe haven law , which is also in place in other states across the u.s. , mothers can leave their newborn babies at a hospital , fire or police station without being prosecuted - no questions asked .
the legislation , which was passed in 2002 , is to protect newborn babies who may be abandoned by their mothers who are afraid they would be subject to legal action if they can not keep the child .