angel di maria is so impressive in training his manchester united team-mates can sometimes do no more than ` stop and stare ' at the argentine 's silky skills , says tyler blackett .
di maria has proven one of the few reasons for united fans to celebrate so far this season since his premier league record move from real madrid in the summer .
the forward has scored three goals in five games and provided the same number in assists .
angel di maria , celebrating his goal against everton , impresses his manchester united team-mates at training .
di maria gets around everton 's muhamed besic in united 's last premier league outing , in which he scored .
tyler blackett , who 's appeared six times this season , says di maria is one of the world 's best players .
but his performances in training are just as eye-catching , according to 20-year-old defender blackett .
` he 's been amazing , ' blackett tells match of the day magazine .
` he 's one of the world 's best players and the things that he does in training really make us stop and stare .
' blackett , who has played six times since being given his premier league debut by louis van gaal this season , says he 's happy to have di maria on his side rather than trying to stop him .
di maria in action at united 's aon training complex , where his team-mates ` stop and stare ' at his brilliance .
` the dribbling , the close control , these are things that a lot of players would like to have , but that not everybody 's got .
he really is special , ' says blackett .
after a slow start to the season , united sit fourth on the table and came into the international break on the back of a win over everton .
before david de gea 's heroics maintained their 2-1 lead and maximum points , it was di maria who was the difference .
he scored the 27th-minute opener and it was his wayward shot that gave radamel falcao the chance to open his goal account for united with an instinctive finish for the winner .
van gaal will be expecting a more convincing performance when his side 's premier league campaign