it was the ` best feeling in the world ' for helen conway when she discovered she was expecting her first baby .
but after the birth of daughter amelia , her joy was shattered when it emerged she had developed a rare form of cancer that only occurs during pregnancy .
miss conway , a consultant for a bank , was diagnosed with choriocarcinoma which affects fewer than 20 women a year in the uk .
back in her arms : helen conway , 38 , from halifax , west yorkshire , overcame a rare type of cancer while she was pregnant with her daughter amelia , now two .
it develops in the placenta when cells that were part of a normal pregnancy become cancerous and spread to other parts of the body .
the cause is not known and it can develop months or even years after pregnancy , making it difficult to diagnose .
` i do n't think any woman considers that cancer might be a risk of pregnancy , ' said miss conway , 38 , of halifax , west yorkshire .
shock : miss conway pictured during her chemotherapy treatment in march 2012 .
` it was terrifying .
i 'd just brought a baby into the world and i feared what would happen to her if i did n't beat it .
' the cancer was only spotted nine months after miss conway gave birth when she began coughing blood .
it took four months of chemotherapy before she was given the all-clear .
` hearing that you have cancer must .
always be terrifying , but i would definitely consider getting pregnant .
again because the cancer is so rare and you should never let anything .
hold you back .
` the pregnancy left me with my lovely daughter amelia so i .
do n't regret anything .
' amelia , now aged two , was born healthy in december 2010 , having been conceived naturally with miss conway 's former partner .
but .
the new mother experienced bleeding for six months after the birth , .
then in april 2011 took a pregnancy test which came back positive .
she .
went for a scan which showed there was no pregnancy and , because of the .
continued bleeding , she presumed she had suffered a miscarriage .