a lorry driver in austria ended up creating a real soda stream when he crashed his vehicle , spilling 26,000 litres of carbonated liquid into a river .
the accident - which completely destroyed the heavy goods vehicle - left soda flowing into the river gurk close to the city of klagenfurt , making the water so frothy that it resembled fizzy pop .
the driver of the lorry , 35-year-old bosnian braslav bosanac , had apparently fallen asleep at the wheel before leaving the road and was taken to hospital with serious but non life threatening injuries .
crash : the accident - which completely destroyed the heavy goods vehicle - left soda flowing into the river gurk close to the city of klagenfurt , making the water so frothy that it resembled fizzy pop .
leak : for a short time after the crash , a steady stream of soda flowed out of the partially submerged tanker , causing the river to froth as it mixed with the carbonated liquid .
bubbles : the bosnian lorry driver spilled 26,000 litres of soda into the water -lrb- left -rrb- .
the froth created by the accident made it look as if austria 's river gurk had been through a real-life sodastream -lrb- right -rrb- machine .
the crash that sent thousands of litres of soda pouring in to the river gurk occurred when mr bosanac fell asleep while driving along the rural krappfeld landesstrasse road between the small villages of unterpassering and polling .
police spokesman erik maier said : ` the lorry left the road during a sharp right term on the krappfeld landesstrasse near klagenfurt and ended up in the river .
' he confirmed that the cause of the crash was mr bosanac falling asleep at the wheel .
for a short time after the crash , a steady stream of soda flowed out of the partially submerged tanker , causing the river to froth as it mixed with the carbonated liquid .
rescue : the driver of the lorry , 35-year-old bosnian braslav bosanac , had apparently fallen asleep at the wheel before leaving the road and was taken to hospital with serious but non life threatening injuries .
partially submerged : it is likely to be several days before the lorry can be removed from the water , as a special 350 tonne crane