for fourth-grade teacher mary deshaies , it was the scariest thing she had ever faced .
as she walked her class back from an outing to the beach a gang of thugs suddenly attacked them shouting racial slurs and hurling rocks .
two of the little girls in her care - one black and one white - were hit in the head by the barrage of stones .
others panicked and ran as she tried to protect them .
one of the boys attempted to defend her .
` do n't you hurt my teacher , ' he yelled at the assailants .
now , nearly 30 years later mary belmonte , as she is now known , is having to relive the incident .
for one of those louts was a teenage mark wahlberg and now he is begging for an official pardon for his actions on the mean streets of boston 's southside .
scroll down for video .
lesson learned : mary belmonte , formerly mary deshaies , agrees that mark wahlberg should receive the pardon from outgoing massachusetts gov. deval patrick -- although she would like a face-to-face apology from the man who turned from a racist street tough into one of hollywood 's hottest actors of his generation .
mean street : the intersection of bay st. -lrb- in foreground -rrb- and maryland st. in dorchester , massachusetts where fourth grade students and their teacher were reportedly accosted by the teen trio of mark wahlberg , derek furkart and michael guilfoyle .
the teens reportedly yelled racial epithets and threw rocks as the school children walked back to their school from an outing with their teacher in 1986 .
belmonte agrees that wahlberg , 43 , should receive the pardon from outgoing massachusetts gov. deval patrick -- although she would like a face-to-face apology from the man who turned from a racist street tough into one of hollywood 's hottest actors of his generation .
' `` i 'm sorry '' goes a long way , ' belmonte told mailonline in the kitchen of her home in westwood , a leafy commuter town 15 miles southwest of boston .
` but i am one who believes in forgiveness .
' it was the last monday of the school year in 1986 at mather elementary in dorchester , massachusetts -- the country 's oldest public school