by .
carol driver for mailonline .
ryanair is known for its budget flights and hidden charges -- but new footage has revealed what passes for inflight entertainment on board its aircraft .
this 50-second video , filmed on board a flight to ibiza , shows passengers singing the theme to the dambusters while doing the actions of a plane as the flight descends .
once the plane lands , cheering erupts and the crowd begins chanting ` here we , here we , here we f ***** g go ' as they roll down the runway .
the crowds on board the ryanair flight to ibiza started chanting as the plane came in to land .
other passengers in the background on the flight from prestwick airport look anxious and agitated at what is happening just rows in front of them .
cabin crew can also be seen looking on helplessly as the singing goes on uninterrupted .
the rowdy flight flew on a saturday afternoon last month but film of the obscene shouting has only just emerged .
passengers began filming the rowdy holidaymakers as they sang ` here we , here we , here we f ***** g go ' a passenger , who refused to be named , said : ` this comes as no surprise to see this kind of footage appear .
` this saturday flight is notorious between passengers and cabin crew alike .
' i was flying back from majorca with ryanair last month and got talking to the air stewardess .
the 50-second video shows passengers singing the theme to the dambusters while doing the actions of a plane as the flight descends .
' i asked if she enjoyed her work and she said yes but then admitted she was dreading her shift on saturday afternoon which was a flight to ibiza from prestwick .
` it is well known that these flights are a nightmare with all sorts of stories about outrageous behaviour taking place on them , including planking over seats as the plane comes into land .
` there ca n't be anybody in the industry who enjoys working them .
' tom lucas , a sports psychologist who has worked with high-profile stars from celtic and other football clubs , called for ryanair to take action against unruly passengers .
mr lucas , of glasgow ,