by .
sarah griffiths .
published : .
09:42 est , 5 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:44 est , 5 november 2013 .
electronic ink printed on a plastic film has been used to make a transparent keyboard that can play music .
scientists have demonstrated a new method of printing graphene-based ink on the flexible instrument , which they say could be used to make inexpensive printed electronics .
they believe graphene could be used in printed electronic devices such as heart monitors and other thin sensors .
the scientists designed their piano in collaboration with novalia limited .
here , a paper print-out of piano keys with the correct spacing , is placed beneath the plastic keyboard to make it look more conventional .
dr tawfique hasan , dr felice torrisi and professor andrea .
ferrari at the university of cambridge 's graphene centre , invented the graphene-based ink and said just like graphene , the material has a number of .
interesting properties , including flexibility , optical transparency , and .
electrical conductivity .
the scientists designed their piano in collaboration with novalia limited and its keys are made from graphene-based inks , which have been printed onto a plastic film .
these keys , working as electrodes , are connected to a simple electronic .
circuit-board , a battery and speaker .
when a person touches a graphene .
electrode , the amount of electrical charge held in the key changes .
this .
is then detected and redirected by the circuit to the speaker , creating .
the musical note .
other .
conductive inks are made from precious metals such as silver , which .
makes them very expensive to produce and process , whereas graphene is .
both cheap , environmentally stable and does not require much processing .
after printing .
this flexible piano is made from graphene-based inks , which have been printed onto a plastic film .
the keys work as electrodes and are connected to a circuit-board , battery and speaker .
when a person touches a graphene electrode , the amount of electrical charge held in the key changes and when it is detected it its redirected to the speaker to play a note .
the scientists believe graphene could be used in printed electronic devices such as heart monitors and other thin