by .
graham johnson and jonathan petre .
whistleblower : former matron lynn smith leaked an email from previous employers stowe school .
a former matron has been left jobless after revealing that a prestigious private school ran out of ` morning after ' pills .
lynn smith had been due to start work at the royal ballet school later this year -- but last week it withdrew its job offer .
mrs smith leaked an email from her previous employers , stowe school , which was published in the mail on sunday last week .
it detailed the ` great concern ' staff had over pupils having sex in the # 33,000-a-year school 's boarding houses .
the day after our exposé , ms smith received a call from the london-based ballet school -- and 24 hours later was told she could no longer take up her new post as a # 19,600 - a-year assistant .
she suspects stowe school had ` smeared ' her -- a claim that headteacher anthony wallersteiner strenuously rebuts .
ms smith , 57 , says she was warned before the story was published that the head was threatening to write to the royal ballet school if she continued to cooperate with this newspaper .
but dr wallersteiner ` categorically ' denied contacting the dance school .
the royal ballet school confirmed it had ` no contact ' with the head , although it said its human resources department had been in touch with stowe 's hr staff the day after the story appeared as part of ` normal ' checks on references ms smith had provided more than a month earlier .
ms smith has nevertheless consulted legal advisers claiming she had been the victim of ` smears ' , including initial suggestions by the school that the email might have been ` doctored ' .
she said : ` i feel i 'm being picked on by some very influential parties .
stowe have over-reacted and been heavy-handed .
' ms smith worked at stowe for two years as a matron , but left earlier this year after bullying claims .
she and a matron friend at stowe , terry sanders , decided to leak the email to expose what they saw as weaknesses in the school 's policies to protect pupils , including its decision to scrap live-in matrons .