by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
08:12 est , 14 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:39 est , 14 january 2013 .
pictures have now emerged of the gunman who was shot by police when he tried to hide in a california movie theater after allegedly threatened his girlfriend with a pistol .
tom billodeaux , 20 , of escondido , california , reportedly pulled a handgun on police officers after they discovered him sitting with 15 other people in the dark theater at reading cinemas carmel mountain .
though the pictures are several years old , tom billodeaux is seen proudly displaying his figure and posing in self-shot pictures .
gunman : tom billodeaux , now 20 , allegedly threatened his girlfriend and a bystander with a gun before running to hide in a nearby movie theater .
proud of his body : billodeaux posed for several shirtless photos that were then shared by his sister .
his sister jessica billodeaux posted the photos of her ` lil brother ' in 2008 , years before he would be shot twice by police officers in a tense movie theater showdown .
billodeaux , who is of laotion descent , ran into a showing of les miserables at the reading cinemas carmel mountain after he allegedly got into a fight with his girlfriend in the parking lot .
a bystander saw him threatening his girlfriend with a gun , and when the bystander went to intervene , billodeaux turned the gun towards him .
san diego police armed with assault rifles stormed the cinema and went theater-to-theater looking for billodeaux .
the terrifying incident , which saw screaming movie patrons hiding behind their seats and fleeing in fear after a gunfire erupted in a move theater bore dark echos the massacre of a late-night screening of ` the dark night rises ' in july in aurora , colorado .
in the mirror : police say billodeaux threatened his girlfriend with a gun after getting into an argument with her in the parking lot near the theater .
shooting : police officers and investigators stand around the scene of a shooting at a san diego movie theater on saturday evening that left a suspected gunman critically injured .
billodeaux was wounded , but is expected to survive .
he will be charged when he is discharged