by .
james chapman .
demands : it was alleged that david laws demanded cornish minority status in return for another policy .
the decision to recognise the cornish as a minority group was the result of ` petty ' horse-trading over policies between the coalition parties , senior tories claimed last night .
amid deepening tensions , it was claimed the liberal democrat minister david laws - one of nick clegg 's closest allies -- demanded the move in return for signing off another policy .
the lib dems are said to have refused to agree to reforms of town hall pensions , which could save taxpayers up to # 600million a year , unless the cornwall announcement was made .
cornish people were granted the same rights and protections as other ` national minorities ' in the surprise move last month .
lib dem chief secretary to the treasury danny alexander unveiled the plan on a visit to bodmin .
it appeared to be part of an effort by the to shore up faltering support in the south west , traditionally one of the party 's strongholds .
the claim that it was part of yet more ` horse-trading ' will add to growing concern among senior tories that government is being reduced to ` transactional ' deal-making with their coalition colleagues .
last night a cabinet source identified mr laws as a significant problem for relations between the two parties .
conservative ministers did not disagree with the proposal for cornwall , but thought it bizarre that mr laws apparently sought to link it to a major austerity measure .
` you can do a deal with danny -lsb- alexander -rsb- .
he will do what he says he 's going to do .
but i have never come across a more tricky politician than david laws , ' said the cabinet source .
` you would n't believe the horse-trading that we have to do and how silly some of the gimmicks that they want are .
' tory cabinet ministers are rallying to the support of education secretary michael gove , who has been embroiled in increasingly bitter public disputes with the lib dems in recent weeks .
yesterday the daily mail revealed mr clegg twice suggested police should be brought in to investigate damaging leaks about his plans to extend free school meals ,