the milky way is blowing huge , mysterious bubbles that stretch for tens of thousands of light years .
these ` fermi ' bubbles , which are mostly made up of gamma rays , were discovered four years ago by harvard physicist douglas finkbeiner - and scientists have been trying to explain them ever since .
now a group of us researchers has used data from the fermi gamma-ray telescope to create a ` portrait ' two bubbles stretching out above and below our galaxy .
scroll down for video .
the milky way is blowing huge , mysterious ` fermi ' bubbles that stretch for tens of thousands of light years .
dmitry malyshev , at the kavli institute for particle astrophysics and cosmology in stanford , found that the bubbles have very clear outlines and are fixed at each pole of the milky way .
the bubbles themselves , he claims , glow in nearly uniform gamma rays and appear like two 30,000-light-year-tall incandescent bulbs screwed into the centre of the galaxy .
but according to current astrophysical theories , these gamma rays should n't be there , and scientists have been unable to find a source .
there are a number of theories .
for example , they could have been created by huge jets of accelerated matter blasting out from the supermassive black hole at the centre of our galaxy .
the bubbles extend 30,000 light-years across .
hints of the bubbles ' edges were first seen in x-rays -lrb- blue -rrb- .
the gamma rays mapped by fermi -lrb- shown in magenta -rrb- extend much farther from the galaxy 's plane .
or they could have been formed by a population of giant stars , born from the plentiful gas surrounding the black hole , all exploding as supernovae at roughly the same time .
another theory is they are the result of collisions between dark matter particles that result in their annihilation , emitting charged particles in the process .
there are a number of theories attempting to explain why the milky way is blowing these enormous bubbles .
some scientists believe they could have been created by huge jets of accelerated matter blasting out from the supermassive black hole at the centre of our galaxy .
or they could have been formed by a population of giant stars , born from the plentiful