sergio aguero turns to his young son benjamin and cracks a joke that only the spanish-speaking members of his entourage and our interpreter can appreciate at first .
so just how angry was manuel pellegrini after manchester city 's shocking champions league defeat at home to cska moscow in midweek ?
` even little benjamin was angry , ' says aguero , turning to the five-year-old who sits adoringly by his side .
` and he told me i dived to try and win a penalty !
' sergio aguero continued his rich vein of form by scoring the winner in manchester derby .
but the striker could not prevent man city slipping to champions league defeat in midweek .
it is less than 24 hours after city 's flagging european campaign sank to a new low and aguero is putting on a brave face .
pellegrini 's team can still qualify for the knockout stage despite languishing bottom of group e without a win from four games .
and the man who will for ever be remembered for firing city to their first premier league title in the most dramatic way imaginable is not giving up .
for those supporters who might not be feeling so optimistic , aguero has this message in response to the suggestion that he might be forced to go elsewhere in search of champions league glory .
` not only will i stay the four years to make it eight here in total , ' says aguero , who signed a new contract in august , ` i 'll stay beyond that -- until we win it .
' in the meantime , city fight on despite lengthening odds and growing criticism .
they have lost three of their last four games in all competitions .
talk of pellegrini carrying the can is dismissed with a polite smile , however .
` it 's easy for everyone to suddenly decide it 's the man at the helm who is to blame , but i would say in situations like this , when we have n't played well as a group , we are all in it together , ' says aguero .
sergio aguero raises a smile with store staff at his book signing session at the etihad stadium on thursday .
` the champions league group table is not what we would have