checking your work email at home or taking a call from the boss at weekends could be damaging your health , experts have warned .
a study of 57,000 people found that more than half worked outside their normal hours - a trend driven by the ease of accessing work documents on smartphones and computer tablets .
the researchers found that those who worked in the evenings and at weekends were more likely to complain of insomnia , headaches , fatigue , anxiety and stomach problems .
muscular problems and cardiovascular issues were also linked to working outside of normal hours , the german researchers found .
checking your work email at home , or taking a call from your boss at the weekend could be damaging your health , experts have warned .
german researchers argued recreational time completely free of work is essential to help the body recuperate .
file picture .
the scientists , whose work is published in the journal chronobiology international , call for far stricter rules to stop work invading people 's home life .
they said technological advances have created an ` always-on ' culture which is ramping up pressure for people to be constantly available to work .
and they argued that recreational time completely free of work is essential to help the body recuperate .
the authors , from the society for labour , industrial and organizational psychological research in oldenburg , germany , based their findings on two major surveys of workers across europe .
they wrote : ` information and communication technologies , such as computers and smartphones ... have the potential benefit and the potential inherent danger of making it possible for employees to be available any time and anywhere .
` this changes not only our work organisation , but probably also our patterns of social participation and integration .
' they added : ` free time should be free time , otherwise it must be expected that it can not fulfil functions of recovery and recuperation .
' lead author dr anna arlinghaus , a public health expert at the , said : ` our findings indicate that even a small amount of supplemental work beyond contractually agreed work hours can lead to health issues .
` the correlation is very strong .
' some large companies and even governments are beginning to raise concerns about