chelsea club secretary david barnard said manager jose mourinho had declared himself ` happy ' with their champions league draw .
mourinho 's side were handed the simplest task of the english sides , as they were put in a group with german side schalke , portuguese club sporting lisbon and maribor of slovenia .
and the chelsea boss was quick to tell his colleague that he was satisfied with the prospect .
happy : jose mourinho said that chelsea 's draw was better than any of the other english sides got .
back again : chelsea beat schalke twice last season at the same stage in the champions league .
barnard said : ` he texted me to say he was happy .
would you rather be in the groups with the other english clubs ?
you have got to be happy with that .
' horst heldt , schalke sporting director insisted however they would be out for revenge .
he said : ` our aim is the same as in recent years : we want to get through the group stage .
we still have a score to settle with chelsea , as we lost both matches to them last season .
' liverpool were given a rather tougher draw pitted against holders real madrid .
revenge : schalke sporting director horst heldt believes his team can get a difficult result this time round .
madrid may be a daunting prospect for brendan rodgers ' side , but liverpool beat the spanish giants 5-0 on aggregate in 2009 including a 4-0 hammering at anfield .
liverpool chief executive ian ayre said the the club were thrilled at the draw - and can cope without luis suarez following his move to barcelona .
ayre , speaking after the draw in monaco , said : ` you would never not want luis - luis is a fantastic player and made a fantastic contribution to liverpool but so did a lot of other people .
leading the line : liverpool chief executive ian ayre says daniel sturridge can replace luis suarez 's goals .
difficult draw : last time liverpool played real was in 2009 , but both teams have changed a lot since then .
' a lot of the goals that daniel sturridge scored were amazingly important for us last season and he will still be there banging