by .
james nye .
published : .
21:22 est , 22 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
01:26 est , 23 december 2012 .
a grieving mom and dad are at the center of a nationwide ` pay-it-forward ' movement that has seen complete strangers pay thousands of dollars for each others coffee , gas , or lunch in a chain reaction that has drawn in tens of thousands of people across the country .
devastated by the death of their eight-year-old boy jayden from a rare form of cancer last month , tom and nicole lamb decided on the spur of the moment to pay for the customer behind them in the drive through .
the gesture was supposed to be a symbolic thank-you to the community of midland , michigan for their support following jayden 's premature death on november 27th .
however , once they returned home and posted what they had done onto facebook , the lambs were inundated with stories of ` paying-it-forward ' gestures from minneapolis to seattle and across the midwest .
scroll down for video .
tom and nicole lamb with brave jayden were inspired to begin a ` pay-it-forward ' movement after their young boy lost his life at the end of november .
` we did n't think we were starting a chain reaction , that 's for sure , ' said tom .
however , in the weeks following jayden 's brave passing from cancer over 30,000 people have joined his ` keep on truckin ' team jayden ' facebook page to tell their stories of paying someone else 's restaurant bill or giving children 's toys to charity .
indeed , one generous person donated a diamond engagement ring to the salvation army in midland worth $ 2000 with a simple note attached that read : ` paying it forward jayden style .
god bless .
' ` we were shocked and amazed that someone would do this , ' jayden 's father and stepmother , tom and nicole lamb , told yahoo! shine in a joint statement .
` we know that this ring , at one point , meant everything to someone .
the fact that they would pay it forward with the ring is so amazing .
' suffering from a rare form of cancer that was attacking his central nervous system