singer gregg allman , movie producers and a rail company are among those being sued by the parents of a 27-year-old camera assistant who died when a freight train struck a film crew in georgia .
the lawsuit targets 10 individuals associated with the film midnight rider , based on the allman brothers band founder 's autobiography .
it also goes after eight corporations including csx transportation , which owns the railway tracks where the crash occurred , and rayonier performance fibres , a subsidiary of forest-products manufacturer rayonier that owns the land surrounding the crash site .
singer gregg allman -lrb- pictured -rrb- is among those being sued by the parents of sarah jones , 27 , who died on the set of ` midnight rider ' during pre-production in georgia .
victim : sarah jones , from atlanta , was killed when a freight train crossing the altamaha river in south-east georgia struck crew members filming on the railroad bridge .
the lawsuit says film-makers ` selected an unreasonably dangerous site for the filming location ; failed to secure approval for filming from csx ; concealed their lack of approval from csx from the cast and crew ... and otherwise failed to take measures to protect the safety of the midnight rider cast and crew .
' allman , 66 , was named as a defendant in his role as an executive producer on the film .
also included were director randall miller , his production company unclaimed freight productions and several of his assistants on the film , along with companies assisting with the production .
the lawsuit says rayonier should be held accountable for allowing the film crew on to its property .
it says a company employee wrongly told the crew ` only two trains would pass by on the railroad track per day ' .
it says csx did not give permission for the crew to film on its tracks , but the company knew shooting would be taking place in the area and should have taken precautions .
` despite the fact that multiple csx trains passed the midnight rider cast and crew on february 20 , with those individuals in view of the trains ' operators , no warning was given to the subsequent train that ultimately caused sarah 's death , ' the lawsuit said .
mrs jones 's parents richard