three men dressed in ku klux klan garb , a black niqab and a motorbike helmet were refused entry after attempting to walk into australia 's parliament house on monday .
identifying themselves as ` faceless ' , sergio redegalli , nick folkes and victor waterson told reporters at the scene that they were protesting in favour of a national burqa ban .
they clarified that they wanted all facial coverings to be banned in public spaces for cultural and security reasons .
their bizarre demonstration comes one week after the government announced its decision to overturn the ban on niqab 's and burqas being worn inside parliament house .
scroll down for video .
three men from ` faceless ' attempted to enter parliament house as part of a protest on monday .
they were dressed in ku klux klan garb , a niqab and a motorbike helmet .
the men also stated that they ` could n't care less ' how muslim women would feel about their stunt , according to the herald sun .
upon entering parliament house , the men were asked to remove their garb by security who refused to grant them entrance .
` it 's fantastic that we were not allowed in , ' mr redegalli said , according to the abc .
however he later added : ` it seems that you 're allowed to wear a full-faced covering into parliament if you 're a muslim woman , but no other group is allowed to have that same privilege .
` we , as males , are not allowed to wear any face coverings in parliament house .
' identified as sergio redegalli , nick folkes and victor waterson , the protesters were refused entry by security .
the men said they wanted all facial coverings to be banned in public spaces for cultural and security reasons .
mr redegalli , who was dressed in the kkk outfit , revealed that he was also wearing a niqab beneath his white hood .
it 's not the newtown business-owner 's first time protesting against burqas being worn in public spaces .
in 2011 mr redegalli was criticized for an offensive mural he painted outside his shop that read ` say no to burqas ' .
the three men have been slammed on social media for their tasteless protest , with one twitter user