former st helens skipper james graham believes the increasing english presence in the nrl can bear fruit as steve mcnamara 's men go in search of a first four nations title .
even without the departed sam burgess , soon to be plying his trade in rugby union 's aviva premiership with bath , there will be no shortage of inside knowledge when england take on australia in melbourne on sunday and new zealand in dunedin next saturday .
sam 's twin brothers george and tom are still with south sydney , one-time wigan favourite sam tomkins is a year into his contract with new zealand warriors , halifax-born gareth widdop is the man pulling the strings at st george illawarra and , of course , graham is fresh from a heroic performance in a losing cause for canterbury bulldogs in the nrl grand final .
james graham believes england 's players will know how to beat australia and new zealand .
england head coach steve mcnamara will know all about the opposition having coached in australia .
england 's george burgess is among the players who currently play in australia .
even more crucially , mcnamara himself is acutely familiar with the opposition courtesy of his role as assistant coach at sydney roosters , which makes a nonsense of criticism from the australian media of supposed ignorance of potential new cap ben hunt on the part of huddersfield second-rower brett ferres .
graham insists england have all the knowledge they need and that their nrl experience can help them reach their first final down under .
` it helps , ' graham said .
' i know what it 's like to come up against a -lrb- greg -rrb- inglis or a -lrb- shaun -rrb- johnson .
` steve mcnamara has been in the australian system for 12 months and that definitely helps when it comes to the preparation side of things .
` we can pass that experience on to the other players .
' from his close-up experience , graham is convinced england have what it takes to make a big impact in the tournament .
` they are great players , do n't get me wrong , but they are human after all and they do make mistakes , ' he added .
new zealand 's 14-12 win over samoa on saturday morning means australia will