by .
louise boyle .
published : .
00:36 est , 11 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
01:04 est , 11 october 2013 .
a husband and wife have made the selfless gesture of each donating a kidney to complete strangers .
alexis and charles wesley became the first couple in the u.s. to both donate kidneys to the national kidney registry .
the couple , from san diego , made the decision after their children , who suffer from a rare joint disorder , had multiple free surgeries to help them walk .
the parents ' act of kindness was their way of paying the kindness and generosity forward .
spirit of generosity : alexis and charles wesley decided to donate their kidneys to complete strangers to pay forward all the medical help their children have received .
acts of kindness : alexis and charles wesley donated their kidneys as a way of giving back after their two children rolly and lali received surgeries for a rare joint disorder .
alexis wesley told fox5 : ` saving your kidney for a rainy day is like saving your fire extinguisher while watching your neighbor 's house burn .
' the couple 's donated kidneys have saved ten lives across the u.s. .
their donations set in motion a series of transplants - two in california , another two in maryland along with one in ohio , pennsylvania and new york .
the couple say that they do not need to know who received the kidneys but simply asked if the surgeries had been successful .
mrs wesley had surgery at sharp memorial hospital in san diego on monday .
mr wesley had his surgery in april 2012 using a new , less-invasive keyhole technique .
both parents said that they were feeling great after the surgeries .
alexis had her surgery at the san diego hospital on monday while her husband charles -lrb- pictured with their daughter -rrb- had his kidney op in april 2012 .
the couple 's two children suffer from a rare joint disorder and have received several free surgeries to help them walk .
mr wesley told fox : ` you give up maybe three or .
four weeks of your life in terms of having to go through recovery but .
you can extend someone else 's life by 10 or 15