by .
mark prigg .
published : .
05:55 est , 11 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
09:15 est , 11 october 2012 .
the death throes of dying stars have been captured in unprecedented detail by nasa 's chandra x-ray satellite observatory .
the images are the culmination of work by two dozen astronomers to image a set of dying stars in the neighborhood of the sun .
the resulting x-ray images of these dying stars -- called planetary nebulae -- are shedding light on the violent ` end game ' of a sun-like star 's life .
four planetary nebulae are shofour planetary nebulae are shown here from the first systematic survey of these dying , sun-like stars in the solar neighborhood using the chandra x-ray observatory .
x-ray emission from chandra is colored purple and optical emission from the hubble space telescope is colored red , green and blue .
the nebulae are ngc 6543 , also known as the cat 's eye , ngc 7662 , ngc 7009 and ngc 6826 .
wn here from the first systematic survey of these dying , sun-like stars in the solar neighborhood using the chandra x-ray observatory .
a planetary nebula is a dying star that has cast off its outer layers .
the .
newly exposed , hot core of the star -lrb- which will eventually become a ` white dwarf ' star -rrb- illuminates these ejected layers , while the core 's .
fast winds sculpt the material into a variety of shapes .
the .
resulting dazzling objects , bearing names like cat 's eye , lemon slice .
and blue snowball , are favorite targets of optical and near-infrared .
telescopes .
the research team , led by joel kastner from rochester institute of technology , won seven days of observing time with chandra in 2011 to survey and image nearly two dozen relatively nearby planetary nebulae , resulting in the most comprehensive x-ray survey to date for such objects .
the same team recently won an eight-day time award with chandra to continue its observing program , and will begin collecting new x-ray data later this year .
a planetary nebula is a dying star -lrb- recently a ` red giant ' -rrb- that has cast off its outer layers .
the .
newly exposed , hot core of the star