she 's topped global best dressed lists and proved her fashion prowess on last year 's x factor , so it made sense for nicole scherzinger to channel her style expertise into a clothing line .
so successful was her debut range of bodycon dresses and glamorous partywear for missguided earlier this year that the singer-turned-designer has unveiled her second range for the e-tailer .
the range does n't launch until tomorrow but as these behind the scenes shots show , we can expect big things .
scroll down for video .
behind the scenes with nicole : miss scherzinger will unveil her second range for missguided tomorrow but in the meantime , she 's treated us to these teaser images .
nicole can be seen posing in a studio showcasing the 35-piece collection , which was inspired by her own style , as well as seasonal trends .
staying true to the sportsluxe theme that nicole loves , there 's plenty of cool bombers and dresses toughened up with leather sleeves .
sleek dresses come with subtle sequin embellishment and gold chain detailing , making the range perfect for the christmas party season .
keen to keep things fresh , nicole has added co-ords and sequin joggers , quilted a-line leather minis and boxy biker jackets with ribbed sleeve detailing .
seasonal sparkle : nicole can be seen posing in a studio showcasing the 35-piece collection , which was inspired by her own style and includes plenty of christmas party wear .
backstage fun : nicole can be seen shooting her campaign for her new missguided range , which is full of sequin embellished party dresses .
the purse-friendly collection , which is priced between # 20 - # 45 , lands online tomorrow .
while the singer showcases an enviable physique in the behind the scenes imagery , nicole shared her diet secrets with us and you may be surprised to hear that she 's partial to the odd cheese plait .
she said : ' i travel a lot but i do love to cook when i 'm at home .
i love making pasta , because it 's easy .
i make a mean cheese plait , great chicken fajitas and teriyaki chicken with vegetables .
' opening up about healthy eating habits and diets , nicole said : ` everyone has different body and blood