wonga will not be prosecuted despite sending bullying letters from fake law firms to threaten 45,000 customers who were behind on repayments , police said today .
the payday lender was ordered last year to pay more than # 2.6 million in compensation to people who received the bogus demands .
but city of london police said today that , after a ` thorough review ' , it has concluded ` there is not sufficient evidence to progress a criminal investigation ' .
consumer groups and politicians believed there was clear evidence of a criminal deception and insist the police should have pursued them through the courts .
decision : wonga will not be prosecuted despite sending bullying letters from fake law firms to threaten customers who were behind on repayments , police said today .
shadow consumer affairs minister stella creasy said she was ` very surprised ' at the decision while the law society , which represents around 160,000 solicitors across england and wales , had demanded the police investigation .
ms creasy said : ` the financial conduct authority seems to have enough evidence to make wonga pay compensation to customers for scaring them like this - why do n't the police ?
' the mp believes it is an offence to pretend to be a lawyer under the 1974 solicitors act while it could also be and act of fraud .
while the company presents itself as the ethical face of the payday loans industry with its friendly tv ad puppets , an investigation by the financial conduct authority last year found extensive evidence of ` thuggish ' behaviour .
critic : shadow consumer affairs minister stella creasy said she was ` very surprised ' at the decision and believes what wonga did was illegal .
among wonga 's victims threatened by the fake legal team was a woman who missed repayments because she was in hospital recovering from a miscarriage .
the fca said wonga sent letters to customers in arrears from what appeared to be two law firms , called ` chainey , d'amato & shannon ' and ` barker and lowe legal recoveries ' -- but these two companies were invented by wonga to put pressure on customers .
in some cases extra charges were added to the outstanding debt to cover the cost of sending these threatening letters .
last june ,