thierry henry has urged england 's rising stars to make the most of their time with wayne rooney before he calls it a day .
henry has hailed rooney as one of the greats of the game with the 29-year-old england captain just two goals from equalling sir bobby charlton 's record of 49 goals for his country .
and the former arsenal and barcelona striker insists that young players like harry kane and raheem sterling must not waste their training sessions alongside rooney .
thierry henry -lrb- right -rrb- and wayne rooney pictured alongside each other during a premier league match in 2002 .
wayne rooney celebrates his 47th goal for england against lithuania on friday night .
henry wrote in the sun : ` you will only truly appreciate rooney when he has retired .
it 's a shame but it 's always like hat .
' i would absolutely urge all those youngsters in the squad , such as raheem sterling and harry kane , to watch and learn off rooney from this day onwards .
` they are extremely lucky to be on the same training pitch as this guy and they must make the most of it .
it will be a real waste if they do not .
` they must try to copy him .
in terms of his dedication and the way he plays .
i would also say this to the young lads at manchester united .
rooney heads in the opening goal past lithuania goalkeeper giedrius arlauskis at wembley .
rooney heads the ball past arlauskis to give england the lead in friday 's euro 2016 qualifier .
` to play well for six months or a season in football is nothing .
to do so for over a decade like rooney is extraordinary .
i know what it takes and it is n't easy .
` trust me , people talk about him outside of this country .
in spain and france , he is appreciated as a top , top player .
' meanwhile , rooney has admitted that the excitement generated by kane , who scored just 79 seconds after coming on as a substitute in the 4-0 win over lithuania , reminds him of his early games for england at the age of 17 .
rooney was a teenage sensation for england twelve years ago and