repeat criminals convicted of a second serious offence will face a mandatory life sentence , under new ` two-strikes ' rules .
life terms will automatically go to anyone twice given jail terms of ten years or more for crimes such as rape , child abuse , serious gbh and terrorism offences .
they will also apply to the crime of ` causing or allowing the death of a child ' - the offence for which baby peter 's mother and boyfriend were jailed .
life terms will apply to the crime of ` causing or allowing the death of a child ' the offence which baby p 's mother tracey connelly and steven barker were jailed .
the sentences will replace indeterminate sentences for public protection -lrb- ipps -rrb- which saw dozens of criminals locked up indefinitely without any prospect of parole .
as the plans were revealed last night , it emerged justice secretary ken clarke had suffered a major defeat in his opposition to mandatory jail terms for 16 and 17 year-olds caught wielding a knife .
justice secretary ken clarke suffered a major defeat in his opposition to mandatory jail terms for 16 and 17 year-olds caught wielding a knife .
just 24 hours earlier mr clarke had made clear his opposition to such a move .
on tuesday he told the home affairs select committee compulsory jail terms for young offenders were ` a bit of a leap ' for the british judicial system .
but mr clarke faced pressure from his cabinet colleagues , including home secretary theresa may , to accept tougher terms .
on tuesday he told mps : ` the idea that mandatory sentences now apply to certain types of offence , to young offenders , to children , to juveniles , is a bit of a leap for the british judicial system .
' but last night he said the term was necessary to ` send out a clear message about the seriousness of juvenile knife crime ' .
the knife sentences apply to any offenders who are convicted of the new offence of ` aggravated ' knife carrying - when they used the blade to threaten or endanger life .
anyone aged 16 or 17 would face a four-month detention and training order .
the government has already announced proposals for a mandatory six-month sentence for adults convicted of