the moment when a young boy with severe hearing difficulties heard his mother 's voice for the very first time has been captured in a heartwarming video clip , which shows the youngster dissolving into a fit of giggles every time she speaks .
entrepreneur jennifer colson aprea , from huntington beach , california , posted the clip of her two-year-old son ryan on her company 's facebook page on monday , revealing that her son had successfully been fitted with a cochlear implant which is enabling him to hear sounds for the first time in his life .
` we 're heading home and it 's all good news after the mapping and activation , ' the mother-of-two , who founded cloth diaper brand spray pal , wrote .
what a laugh !
ryan aprea could n't stop giggling when he heard his mother jennifer 's voice for the first time .
making a memory : the family captured the heartwarming moment on video and quickly shared the clip with their followers on facebook .
` his brain is definitely receiving sound .
the audiologist programmed the device at three different levels and we will gradually increase them throughout the week .
` these are very low levels of sound input because we do n't want to overwhelm him and cause him to reject it .
we filmed him each time we tested the new level , and he giggled like this when he heard my voice at every level which was the most amazing feeling because we could n't have asked for a better response .
` as long as he is happy and loving it , we are happy !
if this develops into hearing comprehension and oral language down the road , that will be icing on the cake !
' and it seems as though life is full of laughs for ryan these days .
just hours after posting the video of her son 's infectious giggling fits , jennifer shared some photos of the toddler playing with all of his toys at home , adding that the experience was totally new to him now that he is able to actually hear them .
` every toy is new !
' hours after posting the video , jennifer shared this image of her son enjoying the sounds of his toys at home .
feeling better