by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
15:12 est , 10 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
15:24 est , 10 october 2012 .
a 15-year-old boy has been arrested in the shocking attack of a pennsylvania schoolteacher seen on camera being sucker punched and left to lie unconscious in an alley .
the attack believed to have been completely at random shows 50-year-old pittsburgh teacher james addlespurger walking down the alley about 3.30 pm last thursday when he 's unexpectedly hit from his left side .
taken from a surrounding building 's surveillance camera is footage capturing the attack that helped police make an arrest on tuesday .
scroll down for video .
unsuspecting : jim addlespurger was walking down an alley near his school in downtown pittsburgh , pennsylvania , when he was attacked last thursday .
brutal : one teen suddenly stepped into mr addlespurger 's path and sucker-punched him without warning .
out cold : the english teacher dropped to the ground and bashed his head on a curb .
he fell so quickly , he did n't even attempt to catch himself with his hands .
mr addlespurger , who teaches 10th and 12th graders at creating and performing arts school , .
was walking in the other direction of the 15-year-old suspect and a .
group of five other boys and did not appear to interact with the youths .
in any way .
at the last second the suspect suddenly slid beside addlespurger from his group and punched him in the head .
the .
teacher fell hard onto a curb as the teen and the others continued .
walking , appearing to laugh and point at his lifeless body .
` we .
do n't know the mind state that that young man was in , but there 's .
something very terrifying about it , ' said pittsburgh councilman r. daniel lavelle , whose district includes downtown .
` in the video it .
appears he was laughing afterwards , which is very disturbing .
' respected : mr addlespurger teaches 10th and 12th grade english at creative and performing arts school , which is near the alley where he was assaulted -lrb- right -rrb- .
grandstanding : the teens seem to laugh and celebrate the unprovoked attack as they walk away from the unconscious teacher .