tony blair has taken a swipe at labour leader ed miliband -- suggesting he had thrown away the chance of a ` substantial majority ' by dragging the party to the left .
the former prime minister said a ` strong ' leader who appealed to voters ' ` aspiration ' could defeat david cameron .
mr blair 's remarks came after labour was accused of launching ` class war ' by attacking private schools and pledging to introduce a mansion tax on homes worth more than # 2million .
scroll down for video .
former prime minister said labour could win a ` substantial majority ' from the centre ground of politics .
he refused to be drawn on labour 's struggle in the polls , but said : ' i still believe personally there is still a majority for centre-ground politics in the uk .
` if you had a strong political lead that was combining the politics of aspiration with the politics of compassion , i still think that 's where you could get a substantial majority .
' the former prime minister also urged mr miliband not to try to ` out ukip ukip ' by attacking immigration and the european union .
speaking to the wall street journal , he said : ` i 've always thought that the labour party would not lose by standing up strongly for britain 's membership of the european union .
` that 's been my view all the way through .
i 'm not saying that with the rise of ukip there is n't a strong anti-eu vote , there is .
' he added : ` my view is and has been right from the very beginning that the way to deal with a party like ukip , to analyze their policies , show how destructive they would be .
' labour leader ed miliband has been accused of running a ` core vote ' strategy by only appealing to left-wing voters .
he said labour had to offer policies which focussed on ` genuinely helping people ' find work rather than blaming poles for taking jobs .
mr blair urged the party not to join ukip ` selling people a false and illusory elixir of hope , which is around if you stop more polish people coming to britain you 're going to provide more jobs