by .
liz hull .
colin scarisbrick , pictured leaving liverpool crown court , has 30 driving offences dating back 22 years .
a van driver who killed a father-of-two in a fit of road rage had caused a death on the roads before , it emerged yesterday .
colin scarisbrick tailgated school caretaker jeff argent before deliberately ramming his car .
the impact sent the smaller vehicle crashing into a lamppost and mr argent , 49 , died at the scene in merseyside .
after scarisbrick was found guilty of causing death by dangerous driving this week it emerged that he has more than 30 motoring convictions dating back to when he was 17 .
in 1999 he caused the death of passenger damien tudor , 20 , after driving at speeds of up to 100mph through the village of ystalyfera near swansea .
father-of-one mr tudor died when the car crashed at 70mph -- a speed scarisbrick had reached even after his tyres were deflated by a police stinger device .
but even though scarisbrick , 39 , was jailed for seven and a half years and banned from driving for a decade , he successfully applied to have his licence restored in september 2007 .
his other motoring convictions include at least 12 for driving while disqualified , car theft , joyriding and driving with no insurance .
judge denis watson , qc , warned the baker that he faces a ` substantial ' jail term when he is sentenced for the latest offence next month .
` you have been convicted of a very , very serious offence on overwhelming evidence , ' the judge said .
` this is not the first time that you have caused death behind the wheel .
' liverpool crown court was told that scarisbrick had been on his way to work last october when he encountered mr argent 's silver renault clio in formby .
motorist jennifer reid described how scarisbrick 's red vw van was tailgating the smaller car and seemed to be trying to intimidate the driver .
the two men exchanged words when they pulled up at traffic lights before scarisbrick cut up mr argent at a following roundabout , clipping the passenger side of his car in the process .
the clio then spun across two lanes , before mounting the pavement and smashing down