police are appealing to find a flasher who exposed himself twice to a roadside speed camera during boozy australia day celebrations .
video footage released by victoria police shows a man taking off his clothes and climbing onto the front of a vehicle in the south-east melbourne suburb of rowville .
police said he was : ` exposing himself while yelling and screaming abuse at the operator inside .
' the man approached the mobile camera operator with a friend on kelletts road about 1.30 pm on monday 26 january .
he climbs onto the car 's bonnet and sticks one hand in the air before thrusting his genitals , which have been ` starred out ' by police in the video , at the camera .
scroll down for video .
police are appealing to find a flasher who exposed himself twice to a roadside speed camera .
shouting he points to the camera , before picking up his board shorts and walking towards his friend .
the men , believed to be aged in their 30s walk away west along kelletts road and then returned about an hour later carrying alcohol .
with his beer in hand , he put on another show for the camera .
he rubbed his bottom on the vehicle and then mounted the bonnet again .
he is described as caucasian in appearance and was wearing black sunglasses with green board shorts .
the man -lrb- left -rrb- was with a friend who was wearing billabong board shorts -lrb- right -rrb- .
the second man is described as caucasian with a tattoo covering his right forearm and right upper arm .
he was wearing white sunglasses and billabong board shorts .
investigators have released images and cctv in the hope someone may identify the two men .
a victoria police spokesperson told daily mail australia : ` this is not an april fool 's joke , we 've put video of the incident on our website .
' anyone with any information about the incident or the identity of the man responsible is urged to contact crime stoppers on 1800 333 000 or visit www.crimestoppersvic.com.au .
police said the man was : ` exposing himself while yelling and screaming abuse at the operator inside ' the incident occurred in the south-east melbourne suburb of rowville .
investigators have released images and cctv in the hope