by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
the popularity of labour policies is being undermined by the fact just a quarter of voters think ed miliband is up to the job of being prime minister , a damning new poll reveals .
his plans to freeze energy bills , take on private landlords and consider renationalising the railways are backed by more than 60 per cent of people .
but in a fresh sign of the labour leader 's image problem , just 14 per cent think he is a strong leader and many remain wary of handing the keys to number 10 .
the latest yougov opinion poll shows how voters back many of labour 's flagship policies .
fewer than a quarter of voters think mr miliband is up to the job of being prime minister .
mr miliband will use a major speech tonight on health in an attempt cut through on a key issue to voters .
but a new analysis by pollsters yougov reveals that while his policies are popular with the majority of voters , mr miliband fails to impress .
the flagship promise to freeze gas and electricity bills for two years was unveiled by mr miliband at last year 's labour conference .
it is supported by 69 per cent of voters , with 17 per cent opposed -- a huge margin , according to a yougov poll .
a recently-announced labour plan aimed at the so-called generation rent to take on landlords is also popular .
some 63 per cent of people back the idea of making standard tenancies last for three years and limiting the amount by which landlords can put up rents , only 19 per cent are against .
taking on .
the railways is also popular .
mr miliband has hinted that he is in .
favour of the state running more lines in the uk , a move backed by many .
of his mps and the unions .
sixty per cent of those surveyed back renationalising the railways , with just 20 per cent opposed .
last week mr miliband promised a crack down on ` ghost homes ' bought up by wealthy investors which then stand empty .
labour would impose council tax premiums for properties which stand empty , an idea supported by 54 per cent of people .
however ,