by .
ben spencer .
published : .
17:29 est , 21 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:09 est , 22 april 2013 .
a collision between a wheelchair racer and a star woman runner marred the london marathon 's elite competitions .
women 's pre-race favourite tiki gelana , the olympic champion , was hit by canadian wheelchair racer josh cassidy at a drinks station about a third of the way into the race .
gelana , 25 , from ethiopia , ran into the path of cassidy as the leading wheelchair racers tried to overtake the women 's pack .
scroll down for video .
women ¿ s pre-race favourite tiki gelana , the olympic champion , was hit by canadian wheelchair racer josh cassidy at a drinks station about a third of the way into the race .
gelana , 25 , from ethiopia , ran into the path of cassidy as the leading wheelchair racers tried to overtake the women 's pack .
she stepped across to get a drink after nine miles -lrb- 15km -rrb- and was knocked to the ground , cassidy 's wheels appearing to go over her leg .
she carried on running but was unable to make up the ground , finishing 16th .
after the race cassidy , who won in london in 2010 , blamed the collision on the event organisers ' insistence of the men , women and wheelchair racers finishing in close succession .
the scheduling means the women set off before the quicker wheelchairs , forcing the wheelchair racers to overtake during the race .
gelana carried on running but was unable to make up the ground , finishing 16th .
cassidy , who finished 20th , almost 11 minutes behind winner kurt fearnley , said the same problems happened year after year .
cassidy , who finished 20th , almost 11 minutes behind winner kurt fearnley , said : ` every single year we come to overtake the women , they want to have a staggered start for television so they have the winners one after the other , there 's ten chairs going at over 20 mph and the poor women are scrambling to find their feet , and sure enough one of them knocked into me .
cassidy , 28 , added : ` i have a brand new $