by .
nick enoch .
published : .
16:04 est , 11 may 2012 .
| .
updated : .
16:05 est , 11 may 2012 .
a police watchdog will investigate whether allegations of corruption in the stephen lawrence murder investigation were not passed on to a major inquiry .
scotland yard said it called in the independent police complaints commission today after reviewing ' a considerable number of files and reports dating back to the 1980s ' .
the review was sparked amid claims that a confidential report compiled by the force 's anti-corruption command was not disclosed to the panel of the 1998 macpherson inquiry that examined the force 's handling of the case .
there are claims that a confidential report compiled by scotland yard 's anti-corruption command was not disclosed to the panel of the 1998 macpherson inquiry that examined the forces handling of the stephen lawrence case .
the force refused to disclose again if two months of searches by its own detectives had uncovered any evidence that reports had not been passed on to macpherson .
a force statement said : ` the directorate of professional standards has reviewed a considerable number of files and reports dating back to the 1980s as well as conducting interviews with a number of key individuals involved in the original investigation into both stephen lawrence 's murder and police corruption .
` we have retrieved a number of key documents , which greatly assist in understanding what material was available to the macpherson inquiry and are now in the process of sharing our findings with the independent police complaints commission so that they can review it in the light of their previous involvement in the case .
' stephen lawrence , 18 , was stabbed twice after he was attacked by a gang of racist white youths in eltham , south london in 1993 .
the announcement comes after the teenager 's mother , doreen lawrence , called for the reopening of the major public inquiry into the circumstances of his death .
documents were said to focus on the conduct and integrity of former metropolitan police commander ray adams , who was involved in the probe into the murder .
despite investigating the claims for more than a month , scotland yard has been unable to confirm if the potentially crucial files were passed to the