an american airlines flight was delayed for 17 hours at lax because a passenger spotted an ` al-quida free terror nettwork ' while trying to connect to the wifi on board .
the aircraft bound for london turned back to the gate after a flight attendant was shown the list of hotspots while taxiing .
passengers were then forced to get off of the plane with some having to stay in hotels overnight while waiting for the next available flight .
scroll down for video .
security concern : american airlines flight aa136 from lax to london was delayed for 17 hours after a passenger told a flight attendant a wifi connection called ` al-quida free terror nettwork ' was available .
the flight was supposed to take off at 8pm on sunday night but was rescheduled to take off at 1pm today .
according to abc 7 , the airline is assessing the situation and law enforcement has been notified .
kevin simon , who lives in orange county but is from the uk , told mail online that the plane was stationary for one-and-a-half hours before they returned to the gate .
passengers were told that there was a ` minor security issue ' that had to be dealt with , but the pilot and crew never fully explained what was going on .
he added : ` never once did the pilot mention what the exact problem was .
i only found out about the wifi hotspot name after i got back home and googled for any clues .
` there were a few airport police on the jetway by the door as we deplaned .
when i went past them , they did n't appear to have arrested anyone .
` while at the baggage carousel a few passengers were talking , and a lady who had been near the front said that she was sitting near the air marshalls , and when the event happened , both of them jumped up and got busy , with one of them stationing himself in front of the cockpit door .
anthony simon , head of head of digital at the uk government communication service who was on the flight posted on twitter : ` thanks to the idiot who did this meaning i wo n't get back to london for another day .
another frustrated customer contacted