nasa is preparing its fleet of martian scacecraft and rovers for a unique front row seat as a comet passes close by .
comet c/2013 a1 , also known as comet siding spring , will pass within about 87,000 miles -lrb- 139,500 kilometers -rrb- of the red planet on sunday - less than half the distance between earth and our moon , and less than one-tenth the distance of any known comet flyby of earth .
researchers say it will provide an unprecedented opportunity to gather data on both the comet and its effect on the martian atmosphere .
scroll down for video .
an artist 's concept of comet siding spring -lrb- 2013 a1 -rrb- and mars .
closest approach to mars is on october 19 , 2014 .
spacecraft will collect in a ` duck and cover ' move to avoid dust from the comet .
siding spring 's nucleus will come closest to mars around 11:27 a.m. pdt -lrb- 2:27 p.m. edt -rrb- , hurtling at about 126,000 mph -lrb- 56 kilometers per second -rrb- .
this proximity will provide an unprecedented opportunity for researchers to gather data on both the comet and its effect on the martian atmosphere .
` this is a cosmic science gift that could potentially keep on giving , and the agency 's diverse science missions will be in full receive mode , ' said john grunsfeld , astronaut and associate administrator for nasa 's science mission directorate in washington .
` this particular comet has never before entered the inner solar system , so it will provide a fresh source of clues to our solar system 's earliest days .
' nasa 's mars orbiters lining up behind mars for their ` duck and cover ' maneuver to shield them from comet dust that may result from the close flyby of comet siding spring -lrb- c/2013 a1 -rrb- on oct. 19 , 2014 .
siding spring came from the oort cloud , a spherical region of space surrounding our sun and occupying space at a distance between 5,000 and 100,000 astronomical units .
it is a giant swarm of icy objects believed to be material left over from the formation of the solar system .
siding spring will be the first comet from the oort cloud to be studied up close by spacecraft , giving scientists an invaluable opportunity to learn