by .
frances hardy .
david bond wanted to know how much his five-year-old daughter liked tv .
' a hundred billion per cent , ' declared ivy .
` why ?
' asked her dad .
` because it 's so relaxing , ' she said , while maintaining constant eye contact with the screen .
screen zombies : british children like david bond 's spend an average of four-and-a-half hours a day glued to a screen .
meanwhile , her brother albie , three , was so immersed in a film on his ipad he did not register a flicker of interest when the word ` chocolate ' was hissed in his ear .
when david turned off the tv , confiscated the ipad and breezily announced they were going out for a walk in the fresh air , there was rebellion .
ivy and albie screamed in unison .
they drummed their little heels against the sofa .
david had to wrestle them into their coats and wellingtons and manhandle them into the great outdoors .
this little scene is not unusual .
on the contrary it is typical : children in britain spend an average of four-and-a-half hours a day glued to a screen of some sort , and ` outside ' is a world as unappealing to them as it is alien and dull .
a recent survey by the national trust found that three times more children could identify a dalek than a magpie .
herculean task : david is trying to make the natural world as enticing to children as the many brands that demand their attention .
the impact of a sedentary lifestyle is alarming on many levels .
inactivity can lead to obesity , depression and behavioural problems .
this summer , the british heart foundation called for a return to a ` traditional outdoors childhood ' to prevent today 's children from being the first generation in history to have a lower life expectancy than their parents .
spurred on by the fear that his own children were joining an army of ` glassy-eyed zombies ' who would , if left to their own devices , become fat , depressive couch potatoes , david , 41 , a film-maker , decided to act .
he appointed himself to the ambitious , fictitious post of marketing director for nature , setting