george ford booted 24 points as bath kept the pressure on northampton at the top of the aviva premiership with a 39-16 victory over rivals gloucester .
ford was outstanding , landing six penalties and converting a penalty try and both of matt garvey 's two touchdowns , as his side claimed their biggest-ever premiership win at kingsholm .
despite putting bath under pressure at times , gloucester could only record three penalties from scrum-half greig laidlaw 's boot and a try from his replacement dan robson , which was converted by fly-half james hook .
bath fly half george ford fires over a penalty at kingsholm during his side 's 39-16 victory over gloucester .
bath arrived at kingsholm after a national newspaper report claimed that they are being investigated , along with saracens , for breaches of the premiership salary cap on saturday .
nothing has been confirmed about the allegations , but it was not the ideal build-up to a big west country derby clash for the men from the rec .
sam burgess , bath 's biggest signing of the season , was on the bench for the derby after starting in the centre against montpellier in the european challenge cup seven days earlier .
bath replacement matt garvey crashes over for the first over his two tries against the cherry and whites .
and , in front of a sell-out crowd , gloucester were intent on adding to bath 's frustrations as they controlled the early territory but only had two laidlaw penalties in the opening 17 minutes to show for their dominance .
bath pulled themselves together and as they hassled gloucester in midfield , mistakes saw ford come to the fore .
the england international was in wonderful form with his clinical goal-kicking , despite an unexpected simple handling error in the first-half that had the home fans cheering .
gloucester scrum half greig laidlaw kicked three penalties for the struggling home side .
it was intense stuff between the old rivals , with outstanding defence on both sides keeping their goal-lines unbroken .
ford and hook tested the opposition under high balls on numerous occasions , looking for the mistake that could lead to a try , but when there was one england ace matt banahan was brought down close to the line after making a dart for the left corner .