a businessman who once owned the world 's most expensive home but was then exposed as a fraudster has failed in his claim to claw back # 66million from the taxpayer after his mansion was seized by the state .
baljit singh bhandal bought and developed updown court , a 100-room mansion in surrey , using the proceeds from money laundering and evading tax on alcohol sales .
hm revenue and customs took control of the home as part of an investigation into his business - but his prosecution on fraud charges subsequently collapsed .
however , today a high court judge told him he was not entitled to compensation because it was ` beyond any reasonable doubt ' that he was in fact guilty of the crimes he was accused of .
court case : baljit singh bhandal , who built updown court , pictured , has lost his claim for compensation over the seizure of the property .
luxurious : the home was once the world 's most expensive property when it went on sale for # 70million .
bhandal bought updown court in the 1990s , after it had been practically gutted by the great storm of 1987 , and rebuilt the interiors in a lavish style .
the home was raided by hmrc in 2001 , after bhandal was accused of smuggling duty-free alcohol out of the bonded warehouse where it was stored and selling it on the black market .
he was taken to court , but the case collapsed when it emerged that the manager of the warehouse was a police informant .
bhandal jumped bail and left the country using a false passport during the failed trial , but on his return to the uk in 2005 he was jailed for eight years for attempted kidnap .
in his latest legal struggle , he argued that hmrc owed him millions in compensation because he would have been able to develop and sell updown court if he had not been arrested and prosecuted on the fraud charges .
lavish : updown court , which sold for # 35million in 2011 , is decorated throughout with marble interiors .
fraud : bhandal lost his claim that the house , which boasts a bowling alley , was wrongly seized .
government lawyers insisted that he was guilty all along despite the collapse of the trial ,