mission accomplished !
a group of rocket enthusiasts launched a porta-potty into the sky saturday in southwestern michigan .
it made an arc and almost landed on a spectator 's pickup truck , 2,000 feet away .
a group of michiana rocketry club members planned the project for more than two years .
the club is trying to increase awareness of rocketry as a hobby and prove it 's possible to turn a porta-potty into a rocket and launch it successfully .
blastoff : members of the michiana rocketry launch a 10-foot , 450 pound porta-potty , mounted on rocket motors on saturday .
amazing start : the porta-potty has more than one use as proven by a group of engineers who created a rocket out of one that launched on saturday .
descent : parachutes slow down the descent of a 10-foot , 450 pound porta-potty , mounted on rocket motors on saturday in michigan .
holy smokes : the rocketeers who successfully launched the potty wanted to turn an ordinary object into something extrordinary .
the rocket stoands at 10-feet tall and weighs 450 pounds .
the herald palladium newspaper says liftoff occurred in a soybean field near three oaks in berrien county .
about 30 people worked on the rocket , from engineers to sales people who lined up sponsors .
rocket enthusiast bob bycraft says it was carefully planned .
he says it was n't ` barnyard engineering .
' wsbt reported that this rocket project was undertaken by a group of experienced high power rocketeers to prove that with skilled techniques , engineering and testing , an underappreciated every day object like a porta-potty can fly like a rocket .
there have been attempts by othe rocketeers in the past , but according to project leader larry kingman , ' i have yet to see a successful flight of a full sized port a potty rocket , ' says a news release from the group named the throne thrusters .
smooth landing : just inches away from a vehicle , spectators photograph the landing of a 10-foot , 450 pound porta-potty , launched on rocket motors .
before the launch : members of the michiana rocketry prep a 10-foot , 450 pound porta-potty , mounted on rocket motors for launching on saturday .
careful preparation : members of the michiana rocketry prep a 10-foot ,