by .
james chapman .
attack : deputy prime minister nick clegg will insist fathers should no longer be made to see themselves as bread-winners .
nick clegg will today launch an extraordinary attack on ` old-fashioned ' bosses who ` raise an eyebrow ' when men ask for time off work to look after their children .
the deputy prime minister will insist fathers should no longer be made to see themselves as breadwinners rather than carers .
and he will claim more needs to be done to encourage men into caring professions such as childcare and nursing .
mr clegg will hail the government 's changes to parental leave rules , which are being torn up next year to smash what he calls an ` edwardian ' attitude that women rather than men should stay at home to look young children .
it comes as a study found one in three fathers who work in the city of london took either no paternity leave or cut short their two-week entitlement .
the research , carried out by cityfathers , a new support group for working fathers in the city , also found that one in five men feared it would be ` career death ' to ask for time off to look after their children .
speaking at the launch of the group today , mr clegg will say will say he has ` fought to drag the clapped-out rules into the 21st century ' .
he will highlight new childcare .
subsidies worth up to # 2,000 year per child designed to encourage women .
to return to work , insisting britain ` could boost its gdp by up to .
# 23billion if we use the skills of our female workforce more .
effectively ' .
mr clegg will argue there is also a need .
for a culture change across british industry to tackle ` clapped-out ' attitudes to flexible , family-friendly working practices .
he will say : ` we need to challenge the ways in which many fathers are still pushed to see themselves as a breadwinner first and carer second -- whether it 's by a manager 's raised eyebrow when you ask for some family time off , or your friends ' surprise when you say you 'd like to be a stay-at-home parent if you could .
' despite efforts