the charity behind the aid convoy from which isis hostage alan henning was kidnapped is being investigated over alleged links to militants , it has emerged .
father-of-two mr henning was seized by jihadists in syria while attempting to deliver aid and now faces death at the hands of isis executioner ` jihadi john ' .
it emerged today that a charity involved in the mercy mission he took part in is now being investigated over alleged links to those fighting in the region .
there is no suggestion mr henning , 47 , knew of the alleged connections between the charity and fighters .
an investigation was launched into the charity behind alan henning 's aid mission after this photo emerged apparently showing adeel ali , the son of one the organisation 's trustees , alongside two armed fighters .
mr adeel has insisted the photo is not of him .
it is not suggested mr henning -lrb- pictured , front row , second from right -rrb- knew anything about the alleged links .
mr henning , from eccles , salford , was driving an ambulance for rochdale aid 4 syria , which raised money on behalf of al-fatiha global , a british-based organisation which provides humanitarian aid to those caught up in warzones .
he was kidnapped shortly after the convoy crossed the border from turkey into syria in late december last year .
earlier this year , the charity commission announced it had launched a probe into al-fatiha global over allegations of ` inappropriate links ' to militants .
a statement from the regulator said it is examining the charity 's accounting and alleged ` links between the charity and individuals purportedly involved in supporting armed or other inappropriate activities in syria ' .
the commission said : ` the inquiry is investigating serious concerns about the governance and financial management of the charity .
` the commission had been monitoring the charity since 2013 , and the inquiry , which is the most serious level of the regulator 's investigatory work , opened on 21 march 2014 .
' the investigation was launched after a photo emerged apparently showing adeel ali , the son of one of the organisation 's trustees , standing in between two gunmen .
mr henning was driving an ambulance for rochdale aid 4 syria , which raised money on behalf of