by .
associated press .
published : .
21:47 est , 10 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
21:48 est , 10 june 2013 .
an instructor at an army medical training school at a military base in texas was wounded monday when a fellow service member shot her outside her office , authorities said .
the suspect later surrendered to police , and authorities say no one else was ever in danger .
col. jim chevallier , vice commander of 502 air base wing , would not give the identity of the shooter or victim or discuss any possible relationship between the two .
but san antonio police chief william mcmanus told the san antonio express-news that the victim and shooter were involved in a relationship .
shooting at military base : the shooting took place monday afternoon at the fort sam houston army medical department center and school .
the victim was an instructor and the man who shot her a fellow serviceman .
the incident took place at fort sam houston 's army medical department center and school at about 2:50 p.m. authorities said the shooter was a soldier who came into the victim 's office and began talking to her .
the pair then continued a discussion on a veranda outside the building , where the shooter eventually fired multiple shots from a handgun , chevallier said .
it was not clear how many shots were fired .
the victim 's co-workers are medical professionals , and they were the first to attend to her wounds , chevallier .
she remained hospitalized on post late monday and was in stable condition .
` it started as a conversation , ' col. randy anderson said .
` he came into her office space , and then she took him out of the building .
it occurred there .
' chevallier said the shooter got in his car and drove away from the medical center .
he later parked and try to flee on foot while still within the base , but thought better of it .
victim in stable condition : the victim , was shot up to nine times , was last reported in stable condition at the san antonio medical center .
assailant caught : the shooter fled the scene in his car and was about to run on foot when he instead