by .
jack doyle .
published : .
10:06 est , 20 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:35 est , 20 november 2013 .
immigration minister mark harper sought to allay fears about the scale of the influx from bulgaria and romania in the new year .
britain will not face a flood of migrants from romania and bulgaria when border controls lapse in the new year , the immigration minister insisted last night .
mark harper played down fears of a mass influx from the eastern european countries and ruled out extending the restrictions on migrant workers .
ministers have come under pressure from tory backbenchers to defy the eu and protect british jobs by keeping controls in place .
currently , romanians and bulgarians can only work in the uk on seasonal fruit-picking visas or if they are self-employed .
from january , they will have the same working rights as britons .
mr harper said extending the restrictions from when they expire on new year 's eve was ` not legally possible ' because it would be overturned in court .
however , he insisted he was ` not complacent ' about potential problems and pointed to measures to limit migrants ' access to social housing and benefits .
` you wo n't see people just being able to turn up and get access to social housing five minutes after they arrive , which is one of the things that drives people up the wall , ' he said at a press conference .
he rejected comparisons between next year 's changes and 2004 , when labour opened up the borders to eight eastern european countries , including poland .
officials predicted that just 13,000 migrants would come to britain every year , but more than a million have arrived .
controls : border agency officials evict romanian migrants .
in 2007 , when the country joined the eu , ` transitional controls ' were applied which meant migrants must have a job offer in order to cross the border .
mr harper said there was a ` big .
difference ' between now and 2004 because eight other eu countries will .
also be forced to drop restrictions on january 1 .
he said migrants would .
be lured to germany by jobs and to other countries with larger romanian .
and bulgarian