fortified with barbed wire , and defended by machine guns and mortar , it was once a symbol of the bloody battle of the somme - fiercely fought over by british and german forces .
now , the butte de warlencourt - one of the most iconic features of the great war - stands overlooking the landscape of northern france , almost unrecognisable .
overgrown and unkempt , the mound , once a position of great strength for german forces , affording them clear views across the surrounding countryside and their opposition , was destined to be bulldozed to make way for housing by french developers .
fortified with barbed wire , and defended by machine guns and mortar , the butte de warlencourt was once a symbol of the bloody battle of the somme - fiercely fought over by british and german forces .
now thanks to a band of world war one enthusiasts , the butte will be restored to its former glory in time for the centenary of the great war , next year .
but thanks to a band of world war one enthusiasts , the butte will be restored to its former glory in time for the centenary of the great war , next year .
the western front association bought the site 23 years ago from a local farmer for # 7,500 in a bid to preserve it for future generations , the express reports .
the group has now chosen to transform it into a ` must visit ' location .
they plan to restore the pathway to the summit , install new walkways and handrails , and also place memorial benches around the site .
they will mount information boards on the mound explaining its historical significance .
the project will start in the autumn and the group aim to be finished in time for next year 's commemorations .
during the battle of the somme the butte became an obsession .
in german possession throughout 1916 it only came into allied possession in 1917 , after the german retirement to the hindenburg line in february , despite an earlier attempt by british forces to gain control of it .
at 250ft the butte had given german commanders clear views across the battlefields and on enemy lines .
german weapons are dumped on the butte .
at 250ft the butte had given