by .
lee moran .
published : .
11:14 est , 13 march 2012 .
| .
updated : .
06:15 est , 14 march 2012 .
this the secret document detailing britain 's offer to share the falkland islands with argentina in 1974 .
harold wilson 's labour government approached president juan domingo perón with a confidential plan for shared rule .
but the deal , agreed by the then argentine leader , was scuppered when he died just 20 days later .
britain was said not to trust his successor , his widow maría estela martínez , and so cut contact with the south american country .
non-official : the document shows the offer from harold wilson 's labour government to president perón .
plans : if the deal had gone through , it would have seen argentine and british flags flying over the islands .
argentine newspaper la nación today published what it said was a ` non-official document ' from the british foreign office .
it shows that britain made the offer to then president perón , whose second wife was the famous eva , or evita , on june 11 , 1974 .
the .
british ambassador in buenos aires , james hutton , gave argentine .
foreign minister alberto vignes the text in a secret meeting .
the proposals would see both flags being flown over the islands , and spanish and english being made dual official language .
documents : britain secretly offered to share the falkland islands with argentina in 1974 , it has been sensationally claimed .
leaders : juan domingo perón -lrb- left -rrb- is said to have agreed the deal but when he died britain did not trust his widow isabel -lrb- right -rrb- and so cut contact .
a governor would also be put in place - .
who would be decided , on a rotating basis , by the british monarch and .
the argentine president .
the proposal would ` create a favourable atmosphere in which the islanders could develop according to their interests ' .
it would also ` put an end to the dispute over sovereignty ' .
diplomatic tension : relations between the two countries have heightened with the approaching 30th anniversary of the 1982 falklands conflict .
tensions : argentine president cristina fernandez de .
kirchner , left , has angered british