by .
lucy elkins .
living with heart fears : caroline and baby zara .
from .
the moment her boyfriend rob proposed , caroline stroud dreamed about .
her big day and starting a family with the man she loved .
but a year .
after she said yes , caroline was questioning whether she should call it .
all off .
it was n't that she no longer loved her fiance - rather that , .
aged just 30 , she had been diagnosed with an inherited heart condition .
although .
she had no symptoms and was fit and well , the condition meant her heart .
could stop suddenly at any time - and any children she had might also .
have the life-threatening condition .
caroline discovered she had the heart problem only because her otherwise healthy father had suddenly become ill .
many .
others are living under the same threat , they just do n't realise it .
about half a million people have a faulty gene which puts them at risk .
of a heart defect that could lead to a sudden premature death , says the .
british heart foundation .
` it .
is an estimate , but it may be even more common than that , ' says .
professor peter weissberg , a cardiologist and medical director of the .
charity .
` there .
are dozens of types of these conditions but all are potentially deadly .
because they put the patient at increased risk of having a chaotic heart .
rhythm and a cardiac arrest , where the heart stops pumping .
' the .
most common is hypertrophic myopathy , which causes the heart to thicken .
and affects 100,000 britons .
others include long qt syndrome , which .
affects the heart 's electrical activity .
each year about 600 healthy people under 35 die suddenly , often as a result of an undiagnosed inherited heart disorder .
yet these conditions can cause problems at any age .
the problem is that there are rarely tell-tale symptoms .
` the .
biggest clue to whether someone is at risk is to examine their family .
history and see if any relatives suddenly died under 35 , ' says professor .
weissberg , adding that by the time people reach their 50s ` coronary .