by .
meghan keneally .
the u.s. military has spent $ 34million building a state-of-the-art building on a base in southern afghanistan that no american soldiers will ever use .
military officials warned that the proposed building was an example of wasteful spending three years ago when the construction began but their warnings went unheeded and the contractors built the expansive two-story facility anyway .
now a special inspector general who is reviewing spending in afghanistan has written a scathing letter to the secretary of defense saying that the building , which is in the compound of camp leatherneck , is symbolic of the overwhelming bureaucracy in the region .
seats to fill : the command and control facility at camp leatherneck in southern afghanistan cost $ 34million .
ghost town : the two-story facility will now likely be demolished because american troops are being pulled out of the region , and it will be too expensive for the fledgling afghan army to maintain .
` unfortunately , it is unused , unoccupied , and presumably will never be used for its intended purpose , ' john f. sopko , the special inspector general for afghanistan reconstruction , wrote in a letter to secretary hagel .
` this is an example of what is wrong with military construction in general â $ '' once a project is started , it is very difficult to stop .
` one senior u.s. military official told me that this facility was designed for a military division that was never deployed and , subsequently , a decision was made not to construct the facility , but inexplicably the building construction started and is now complete .
' in order to make it useable by anyone , communications equipment must still be bought and installed , which mr sopko estimates will cost $ 3million more .
no plans to share : the facility , the briefing room of which is shown above , was deemed unnecessary by insiders three years ago when construction began three years ago but they went ahead anyway .
under investigation : a special inspector general is now looking into why construction on the building went ahead in spite of calls by military officers to save the money .
' i am deeply concerned that -lrb- u.s. forces-afghanistan -rrb- may be spending additional taxpayer dollars on a facility no one will