by .
leon watson .
published : .
13:07 est , 2 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
05:27 est , 3 march 2014 .
former sky sports commentator ross mcfarlane who is tonight locked up accused of breaching a child pornography sex offenders order - just four weeks after a judge spared him jail .
a sky sports commentator who was spared jail just four weeks ago for paedophile offences was behind bars today after police re-arrested him .
former professional golfer ross mcfarlane has been charged with three counts of breaching a sexual offences prevention order .
he will appear in custody before a judge tomorrow morning .
the 52-year-old was spared jail on january 30 by judge johannah cutts who gave him a suspended sentence despite pointing out that within four months of an earlier conviction he was again making indecent images of children .
` while the sexual offences prevention order did not stop you , it did do its job as police became aware of what was happening , ' she told him .
mcfarlane , from stoke poges , buckinghamshire , will appear before judge francis sheridan tomorrow morning charged with again breaching the court order in relation to child sex offences .
a spokesman for thames valley police confirmed that mcfarlane had been charged on friday , february 21 with three counts of breaching a sex offender order .
he appeared before a special magistrates court hearing the next day , where he was remanded in custody .
he will appear before judge sheridan at aylesbury crown court via a video-link from prison tomorrow for a preliminary hearing of the breach charges .
mcfarlane was previously sentenced at the same court on january 30 for possession of 162 indecent images of children and given 10 months in prison , suspended for two years .
he was also given a 10-year order banning him from contact with children under 16 without parental permission and was also ordered to sign onto the sex offenders register for 10 years .
the latest breaches were believed to involve contact with children .
a regular fixture on sky viewers ' screens since 2001 , mcfarlane became a professional golfer in 1979 and won the deutsche bank open of europe in 1997 , his only european tour tournament win .
that year he achieved his highest ranking