by .
chris wheeler .
follow @@ chriswheelerdm .
malcolm glazer 's death at the age of 85 has , among other things , prompted the question , ` what role will his children now play at manchester united ?
' while glazer snr led the takeover of the club in 2005 , since 2006 he has left the day-to-day running of the club to his sons - indeed , he has never set foot in old trafford .
avram , joel and bryan glazer are regularly seen at the ground but the other three , kevin and edward and their sister darcie glazer kassewitz follow their father 's ` lesser spotted ' policy .
getting the glazers in : avram -lrb- right -rrb- , bryan -lrb- left -rrb- and joel -lrb- second left -rrb- at old trafford just after the 2005 takeover .
the glazer family own 90 per cent of united - all split equally with 10 per cent listed on the new york stock exchange .
that means kevin , edward and darcie could have more involvement at old trafford now - indeed , they could have the future of the club in their hands .
it is unlikely they would want to sell their shares , given the strong family bond .
united are insisting it is business as usual but the death of the family head could affect how the sextet run the club .
taking stock : joel glazer -lrb- third left -rrb- and avram -lrb- third right -rrb- with united officials in new york in 2012 .
the two most high-profile glazers are avram and joel , the executive co-chairmen .
avram is the oldest of the six children and headed .
the united takeover in 2005 .
he and his brother joel have been prominent figures ever since , taking .
over the day-to-day running of the club in 2006 after their father had a .
stroke .
they had the final say on the appointment of new .
manager louis van gaal .
joel is also actively .
involved in the running of united , speaking to ed woodward up to three .
times a day about all aspects of the club .
passed away : malcolm glazer -lrb- right -rrb- , pictured with sons joel -lrb- left -rrb- and bryan in 2005 , has died aged 85 .
of the