this is a mystery every bit as fiendish as any of those solved by the great detective himself , and it is baffling the ten million armchair sleuths who watch tv 's sherlock .
how did the world 's most famous private investigator fake his own death at the end of the last series ?
now it seems that the case might have been solved by a rival master of deduction with a knack for explaining the seemingly impossible -- fellow fictional sleuth jonathan creek .
in the final episode of last year 's series of sherlock , the world 's most famous detective had been lured to the roof of st bartholomew 's hospital in london by his arch-nemesis , the deranged professor moriarty .
sherlock .
there he was told that several of his close friends would be assassinated if he failed to commit suicide .
after issuing this warning , moriarty shot himself in the mouth and appeared to die .
holmes then had a brief mobile phone conversation with watson , before stepping off the building .
viewers saw holmes fall several storeys , before lying in a bloodied heap on the pavement , with bloodtrickling from his head .
as watson rushed to the scene , he was .
knocked over by a bicycle .
by the time he arrived , the bloodied holmes , .
who seemed to have no pulse , was being whisked away by paramedics .
yet just a few scenes later , as watson visits the grave of his best friend , viewers see that holmes is in fact alive and well .
so how did he do it ?
the question sparked months of frenzied speculation , across twitter , facebook , and the endless websites devoted to both the bbc show and author arthur conan doyle 's original novels and short stories .
the show 's creators have been tight-lipped as to how the death was faked , saying only that all will be revealed in the show 's third series , which airs later this year .
but this week , as benedict cumberbatch , who plays the show 's protagonist , was seen filming the opening episode of the next series in bristol , an intriguing new theory emerged .
actor alan davies , star of tv drama jonathan creek , in which a magician detective