by .
marielle simon for daily mail australia .
an australian surfer has been missing for over a week in bali after he failed to return back to his hotel room but left all his belongings behind .
peter maynard , from noosa on queensland 's sunshine coast , was last seen at his hotel , in nusa indah bungalow on nusa lembongan , having breakfast on august 26 .
it was when mr maynard failed to check out on august 28 that staff became suspicious and reported him missing to police .
scroll down for video .
australian , peter maynard -lrb- left -rrb- has been reported missing in bali for over a week .
his wife kylie -lrb- right -rrb- and his family have flown to bali to search for him .
hotel owner made mariata told daily mail australia mr maynard checked in to the hotel on august 23 at midday and was meant to stay for five days .
` checkout was midday on the 28th and we did n't see him but the key was still at reception .
we waited for a long time and then had a look at his room - it has all his bags still there , his passport , his wallet , wet suit and camera .
' mr mariata said they then reported him missing to police .
police are mystified on the whereabouts of the australian tourist , failing to find any trace of mr maynard despite searching the area and speaking with locals .
police are mystified on the whereabouts of the australian tourist , failing to find any trace of mr maynard despite searching the area and speaking with locals .
they said all options have been assessed and nothing adds up .
` police have helped us look everywhere - checking the harbour , speaking with the boat company , checking to see if he went snorkelling .
` we searched until late at night and then continued next morning but we did n't find him .
` we are still looking ' the department of foreign affairs and trade said they are providing consular assistance to the family and friends of the australian tourist .
mr maynard 's wife , kylie , and his family are flying to bali to help search for him .
` we hope we find him safe ,