a dog who was discovered clinging to life on a pile of trash in a junk yard has been given a second chance by animal rescuers and made a stunning transformation .
the female husky was weak and covered in painful-looking mange when eldad hagar from hope for paws found her in a los angeles garbage dump .
in a moving video , hagar shows the resilience of a dog who was abandoned and likely abused and left to die on a pile of garbage .
scroll down for video .
scrapheap : miley was left to fend for herself in a junkyard where she almost blended in with the detritus surrounding her .
defeated : miley was so weak and disheartened that she did n't even have the energy to run away as hagar approached her .
trust : hagar sat with miley for an hour before she let him place a leash around her neck and lead her to his car .
hagar had received an urgent call about the dog , who he named miley , and had been surviving on the trash-pile for months .
miley looked so defeated and broken by the time hagar finds her , almost camouflaged by the rubbish surrounding her .
hagar told the huffington post that miley was so lifeless that she ` did n't even have the energy ' to run away from him as he approached her .
she gently accepted food proffered and meekly allowed hagar to put a leash around her neck .
he had to sit with her for an hour before she was finally ready to leave with him .
hopeless : miley listlessly awaits her fate as she 's driven to the veterinary clinic .
affection : miley lets hagar gently stroke her head - it must be the first time she 's been stroked in months or even years .
she creakily got to her feet and .
seemed reluctant to leave her pile of garbage , where she had been able .
to live for months without interference.eventually , .
she painfully hobbled away from the trash pile and hagar got her into .
the car , where she curled up on the front seat , her red-raw paws under .
her head .
when she .
arrived at the veterinary clinic , miley was found to be suffering .
malnutrition