by .
nick mcdermott .
published : .
18:00 est , 12 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:59 est , 13 march 2013 .
sandwiches sold by leading high street food chains contain as much salt as ten bags of crisps , health campaigners have warned .
a peking duck wrap from eat was found to contain 4.8 g of salt , while a swedish meatball hot wrap from pret a manger contained 4.6 g of salt .
in contrast , a 32.5 g bag of walkers ready salted crisps contained less than 0.5 g of salt .
high levels : a swedish meatball hot wrap from pret a manger contained 4.6 g of salt according to a study carried out by consensus action on salt and health .
tests : study by consensus action on salt and health found high salt levels in more than half of 664 tested dishes .
a peking duck wrap from eat was found to contain 4.8 g of salt .
research by health campaigners found .
high salt levels -- more than a third of the recommended daily intake -- .
in over half of 664 tested dishes , with many restaurants as guilty as .
popular sandwich chains .
the .
study published by consensus action on salt and health -lrb- cash -rrb- found .
that three different dishes from pizza hut contained more than the .
entire maximum daily recommended allowance of 6g .
average salt consumption in the uk is 8.1 g a day .
public .
health minister anna soubry has called on food suppliers to cut the .
amount of salt they use to reduce deaths from heart disease and stroke .
the proposed strategy will create stricter salt limits for manufacturers of convenience foods such as sandwiches and microwave meals .
meanwhile , fish and chip shops and other takeaway food outlets will be given maximum levels of salt that can be sprinkled on each serving in a bid to limit consumption .
the minister boasted that britain is a .
` world-leader ' in salt reduction , with a 15 per cent drop in .
consumption in the past decade , but more ` needs to be done to reach our .
goal of no more than 6g a day ' .
miss soubry said : ` we need more companies pledging to