this burger is so hot that it comes to your table on fire ... and you have to sign a waiver before attempting to eat it .
made from a slab of beef infused with ghost and cayenne peppers , and pure chili extract , with relish of habaneros and jalapenos , and serrano peppers , the entire thing is then smothered in hellfire sauce and a splash of grain alcohol .
the sizzling hellfire burger is the creation of loren gingrich , owner of xtreme smokehouse and grill in washington , iowa .
the hellfire burger contains six types of chilli and is set alight before being served to diners at xtreme smokehouse and grill in washington , iowa .
a brave punter downs protective gloves and eyewear before attempting the spicy meal .
it 's so hot that mr gingrich has asked the guinness book of records to create a new category for it .
reportedly clocking in around 1,000,000 scoville units -lrb- about half the burn of pepper spray -rrb- , customers have to be over 18 to order the meal .
the burger arrives at the table with protective gloves , eyeswear and a waiver , which mentions the possible loss of life .
` we actually have a ghost burger , ' said mr gingrich said to kcrg.com .
` we wanted to do something that was hotter .
a relish made from habaneros and jalapenos , and serrano peppers is spread generously -lrb- left -rrb- before the burger is smothered in spicy condiment hellfire sauce -lrb- right -rrb- .
the relish is mr gingrich 's own recipe and contains three types of chillies ; habaneros and jalapenos , and serrano peppers .
a single jalapeno pepper rates between 2,500 and 5,000 on the scoville unit .
another three types of chillies are then added to the burger - ghost peppers , cayenne peppers and pure chilli extract , all of which are infused in the meat .
the burger is then assembled before being generously doused with a ring of hot condiment , hellfire sauce .
the final touch is a splash of grain alcohol before the entire snack is set on fire before being served to diners .