by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor , tim shipman and david williams .
published : .
11:48 est , 21 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
18:47 est , 21 january 2013 .
britain is to send spy planes , unmanned drones and special forces to mali to ` find and dismantle ' the al qaeda network behind the slaughter in algeria .
in an escalation of the uk 's support for french forces fighting the militants in the african country , david cameron said he would commit ` intelligence and counter terrorism assets ' .
the prime minister said the uk must ` act with an iron resolve ' to tackle what he called a ` generational struggle ' against the ` scourge of terrorism ' after the algerian attack .
scroll down for video .
prime minister david cameron used a statement in the commons to warn britain had to ` tackle this poisonous thinking at home and abroad ' at a meeting of the national security .
council today , mr cameron is set to approve plans to send manned .
sentinel r1 spy planes and reaper drones to operate in the skies over .
mali from an american base in neighbouring burkina faso .
they will target al qaeda affiliated .
groups including the blood battalion , led by one-eyed mokhtar belmokhtar .
and behind the atrocities at the bp gas facility .
mr cameron will also give the green .
light to sending around 20 soldiers -- including members of the sas -- to .
join a 500-strong force to train malian troops and provide force .
protection .
the uk is also considering offering .
to refuel french fighter aircraft with vc10 and tristar planes operating .
out of gibraltar and cyprus .
mr cameron said britain was ` in the midst of a generational struggle against an ideology which is an extreme distortion of the islamic faith ' and two c-17 transport aircraft , .
already ferrying french hardware to the war zone , will be made available .
for several months if necessary .
the prime minister explained he is .
prepared to commit military assets because the sahel region of northern .
africa is ` becoming a magnet for jihadists who pose a threat to .
britain ' .
` this murderous violence requires a strong security