a mental health trust where patients have been punished with a dangerous form of restraint faces being put into special measures .
inspectors found serious problems at the body that oversees mental health services in norfolk and suffolk .
these included patients being held in the face-down prone position and being put in seclusion as a punishment .
the prone position involves two or more staff holding a patient face-down on the floor and pinning down their arms , legs and torso .
it can result in compression of the chest and airways and can be fatal .
the norvic clinic - which is run by norfolk and suffolk nhs foundation trust - was singled out for its use of the ` prone ' position in a report which found the trust ` inadequate ' overall .
last april , lib dem care minister norman lamb announced controls banning its deliberate use on patients .
the norfolk and suffolk trust 's secure unit had been told to review its procedures after 38-year-old patient david bennett died while being held in the prone position for almost 25 minutes in october 1998 .
a 2003 inquiry into the incident led by sir john blofeld found prone position restraints were ` always dangerous ' and should never be used for more than three minutes .
but a damning report into the trust released yesterday by the care quality commission revealed prone restraints were not only still being carried out at the trust 's secure unit , they were being used as punishments .
the report said : ` some patients told us that restraint and seclusion were used too frequently at the norvic clinic .
` we were concerned about the high levels of face down -lrb- prone -rrb- restraint and that there was a punitive attitude towards patients .
we observed that some episodes of restraint and seclusion may have been punitive .
` while on the unit we saw that people who became violent were restrained and removed to the seclusion ward .
five people told us that they had been restrained and secluded following refusal to follow staff instructions .
one person told us that if you do not sit correctly on the chairs you could end up being restrained and secluded .
' the norfolk and suffolk trust 's secure unit was told to review its procedures after 38-year-old