five-time european champions bayern munich are looking to take on premier league clubs and grab some of the growing market for soccer in the united states by setting up a us registered company .
fc bayern munich llc recently opened an office in new york and on wednesday announced a partnership with a leading youth soccer organisation .
bayern has teamed up with massachusetts-based global premier soccer , which organises youth coaching and development programmes , and will provide assistance from coaches and technical staff from the bundesliga club .
bundesliga giants bayern munich are keen on improving their fanbase in america .
bayern hope star players such as manuel neuer and robert lewandowski , pictured , can help to attract fans .
` this is the first of many initiatives we will be undertaking to foster a deeper connection with soccer fans in the united states , ' said managing director of bayern 's united states division rudolf vidal .
bayern toured the united states during the summer this year and played against the major league soccer all-stars .
` the bayern munich brand has become very well known in the last few years with the team reaching three champions league finals in four years and the champions league is the best soccer product in the us .
` we were also lucky to have seven bayern players who became champions at the world cup , ' he added , referring to germany 's triumph in brazil earlier this year .
the 24-times german champions already have launched a us specific website and online store to help drive merchandise sales to american fans .
bayern are currently top of the bundesliga and remain unbeaten since the start of the league campaign .
` we have done professional market research and found we have one million converted fans in the us .
people who are not only interested but who are really focused and supporting bayern munich , ' said vidal , who noted the large number of americans with german ancestry provide another pool of potential fans .
the most committed bayern fans are members of the 28 bayern supporter clubs dotted around the united states , part of a growing trend of americans ` adopting ' european clubs to support .
but while english clubs such as manchester united , liverpool and arsenal have gained strong footholds in