by .
emily allen .
last updated at 11:45 am on 16th february 2012 .
channel 4 has been accused of racism over its posters advertising its latest big fat gypsy wedding series .
adverts used to promote the show have been criticised for using the words : ` bigger .
fatter .
gypsier ' in large letters across images of travellers , including one of young gypsy girls .
but the london travellers ' unit and two members of the london assembly have likened the word ` gypsier ' to other terms deemed racist and abusive and have written to channel 4 to complain .
giant posters promoting the channel 4 tv series big fat gypsy wedding have sparked street protests .
christine crawley and geraldine lindsay help to lead the hackney protest .
the posters have appeared all over the .
country on billboards over the past few weeks in the run up to the .
launch of the six-part series .
it has sparked outrage among the .
traveller community in hackney , in east london , who even staged a street .
protest in opposition .
john biggs is one of the members upset by the posters .
he said : ` channel 4 should show greater .
respect and restraint .
' a channel 4 poster advertising the new series but travellers have taken issue with the word ` gypsier ' and have called for the adverts to be removed .
travellers say the latest series portrays young gypsy men as ` menacing ' and have complained to channel 4 .
he wrote to the broadcaster with .
jennette arnold , who is also a member of the assembly , saying the adverts .
were ` totally inappropriate , offensive and disrespectful ' and raised concerns that they would cause more ` ill feeling and discrimination ' .
meanwhile , the london travellers ' unit questioned whether the broadcaster would consider it appropriate to use words and phrases like .
` blacker ' or ` more asian ' to describe other ethnic groups , the daily .
telegraph said .
the unit has called on channel 4 to remove the posters and apologise .
tricky situation : dolores found it difficult to leave the house in her huge white wedding dress .
bigger and better : the fourth series of big fat gypsy weddings kicked