by .
sam webb .
published : .
13:15 est , 17 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
09:02 est , 18 december 2012 .
a social worker left papers containing sexual abuse allegations in a plastic bag on a train in one of a series of data breaches at councils that have cost # 1.9 million in fines .
the london borough of lewisham was fined # 70,000 after the employee mislaid documents , which included gp and police reports and allegations of abuse and neglect , when taking them home .
leeds city council was fined almost # 100,000 .
after trying to save money by reusing envelopes - and then sending personal information about a child in care to the wrong person .
careless : the employee left documents including gp and police reports and allegations of neglect on the train when taking them home .
mistakes : an investigation found two councils had sent sensitive details about criminal allegations and health reports to the wrong people .
pictured is plymouth county council 's civic centre .
plymouth city council was hit with a .
# 60,000 penalty for another incident in which reports on two families .
were mixed up after they were sent to a shared printer - bringing the total number of councils charged for data protection act breaches to 19 .
a devon county council worker revealed the details of the alleged criminal offences and health problems of 22 people while compiling a report for an adoption panel .
the council was fined # 90,000 penalty for the mistake .
information commissioner christopher graham said : ` it would be far too easy to consider these breaches as simple human error .
` the reality is that they are caused by councils treating sensitive personal data in the same routine way they would deal with more general correspondence .
' blunder : child neglect allegations against parents of four were sent to a different family .
file picture .
the case in leeds saw sensitive personal details about a child in care sent to the wrong person , disclosing details of a criminal offence , school attendance , the level of contact agreed with siblings and information about the child 's relationship with their mother .
the document was delivered to the wrong place because the council were re-using envelopes internally