by .
suzannah hills .
three children of murderer melanie smith have revealed the torture they suffered at their mother 's hands growing up .
lisa , charlotte and jonathon have spoken for the first time about their mother who they describe as the most evil woman in britain after she was convicted last week of burning five people to death .
they revealed how smith burned them with cigarettes , poured boiling water over them and locked them in a tiny cupboard if they cried .
she also chopped off their hair if they made ` too much noise ' .
their father paul , now 51 , fought smith for custody of the children but lost .
it was only when she abandoned them in voluntary foster care that he won them back and their ordeal ended .
devastated : lisa and charlotte , pictured with their father paul , have spoken for the first about the abuse they suffered at the hands of their mother melanie smith .
jobless smith was yesterday convicted by a 10-2 majority of five counts of murder , making her one of the most prolific murderesses in modern british history .
smith set fire to a baby 's pushchair because she was fed up with it being outside her front door .
but the blaze spread into a devastating .
inferno which ripped through the first-floor flat in prestatyn , north .
wales , last october .
guilty : melanie smith has been convicted of killing her neighbours by setting fire to their home .
it trapped and killed lee-anna shiers , 20 , her partner liam timbrell , 23 , their baby son charlie , 15 months , miss shiers 's nephew bailey , four , and niece skye , two .
smith will be sentenced next month .
her daughter charlotte , now 23 , told the sunday mirror : ` we all wish she was dead .
knowing that the evil woman who killed that poor family is our mother is almost impossible to bear .
dad rescued us from hell .
he 's brought us all up without her but now she 's back in our lives in the most horrific way imaginable .
she 's been dead to us since we were tiny .
now i just want her to rot in hell .
' paul married