by .
anna hodgekiss .
three-year-old alfie williams was left profoundly deaf after a viral infection .
a three-year-old boy who lost his hearing as a result of a mystery virus has become a social media star .
alfie williams , from medomsley , county durham , was plagued by an illness which left him profoundly deaf .
devastated , his mother danielle set about trying to raise awareness for the national deaf children 's society .
her #handsonears twitter campaign has now gone viral - and attracted support from many famous names .
celebrities such as dj fatboy slim aka norman cook and his wife zoe ball , man vs food 's adam richman , sprinter iwan thomas and tv presenter andi peters have all tweeted pictures with their hands over their ears .
mrs williams , 33 , a full-time mother , said : ` when the doctors told me about alfie , i cried for about two months .
' ` alfie loved .
music , especially the beatles song hey jude , and we were .
distraught when we realised he would never be able to hear it again .
` then one day my husband john and i decided we had to turn it into something positive , so we started the hands on ears campaign .
' i put the photo of the family on facebook and it just kind of took off - i never expected it to be this big .
` we 've worked really hard , and alfie 's brothers and sister have been great , i 've been blown away the support .
` alfie is too young to understand the social media storm .
he has triggered , but i 'm putting together a montage of all the photos .
to show him when he grows up .
' devastated but determined to make the best of things , alfie 's family started the hands on ears campaign to raise awareness of deafness .
his mother danielle -lrb- left -rrb- said : ' i put the photo of the family on facebook and it just took off - i never expected it to be this big ' .
clockwise is john , alfie 's father and siblings charlie and lewis .
the #handsonears twitter campaign has now gone viral - and attracted support from many famous names including