by .
andy dolan .
in ibiza : rachel turner with her boyfriend michael tollerfield .
a coroner has ordered police to re-investigate the death of the student in ibiza following a fall after her family claimed she was pushed .
a coroner has ordered police to re-investigate the death of a british student in ibiza following a fall after her family claimed she was pushed .
relatives of fashion undergraduate rachel turner , 22 , insist that she did not throw herself off a 15ft high balcony .
they spent # 70,000 on their own investigation which claims miss turner had injuries to her hands and fingers -- suggesting she attempted to cling to the balcony ledge before she fell .
private detectives also discovered text messages had been deleted from her phone before and after her death .
an inquest that started this week was brought to a halt on wednesday after the new claims were presented to coroner sarah ormonde-walsh , who asked police to contact the spanish authorities over the death in october 2007 .
pathologist dr david rouse also told the birmingham hearing the ` excessive damage ' to miss turner 's fingers gave him ` concern ' .
he added : ` it suggests that there was struggling to prevent yourself from falling .
it 's something far more sinister .
' miss turner 's devastated parents , leslie -- a company director -- and jane , 63 , a former midwife , are convinced their ` happy ' daughter was murdered .
mrs turner , from northfield , birmingham , said : ` we think rachel was pushed .
dr rouse , the pathologist said that most of her finger nails were missing .
he said that is highly suspicious .
' outside court , mr turner , added : ` i am 100 per cent certain she was killed -- i 've got no doubt .
` when we went to the inquest the coroner was taken aback by this three-inch thick file of all the information we 'd gathered .
` in her opening remarks the coroner said , `` i can clearly see you 've been to the ends of the earth to put this before me '' .
' miss turner , who was studying at birmingham city university , was working as a club promoter on the spanish