a missouri mom who claims her son was ` kidnapped ' by social workers in a hospital on the grounds of medical child abuse is desperately fighting to regain custody .
michelle rider says her son isaiah - now 16 - has had health issues since he was child , beginning with breaking his leg at age six and the bones never fully recovering .
at 15 his leg was partially amputated to fit a prosthetic , however there were complications , with the teen suffering tremors and intense pain after the surgery .
after being transferred to numerous children 's hospitals around the country , an mri determined isaiah had tumors on his leg and he was diagnosed with neurofibromitoisis .
fighting for her son : michelle rider says her sickly son , isaiah , was wrongly taken away from her amid allegations of medical child abuse .
isaiah under surgery at lurie children 's hospital in chicago on march 31 , but the tremors and pain persisted .
doctors suggested isaiah manage without drugs .
` they could n't help him , and i , as his parent , requested , ` please , get him help somewhere , ' rider told the blaze .
' i wanted him transferred , ' rider said .
rider said she called an ethics meeting with her son 's doctors and social workers , asking that he be transferred to another hospital .
then on april 15 , upon arriving at the hospital , rider was met in the lobby by a social worker , who took her to a room with two doctors and another social worker , none of whom rider had met before .
the mom was then told isaiah had been taken into emergency custody due to evidence of medical abuse .
doctors believed that isaiah was coping better and improving when his mother was not around and that ` only pharmacological means can be used to treat pain ' , according to the chicago tribune .
` all attempts to ... have -lsb- the -rsb- mother voluntarily partner with us in -lsb- the boy 's -rsb- care have been futile and met with resistance , ' the doctor 's reported .
` in order to best develop a therapeutic medical plan for -lsb- the boy -rsb- , we need to remove the mother from his care