italy is on the verge of political meltdown , with a breakaway faction in silvio berlusconi 's party providing the only hope for the government 's survival .
the billionaire sparked chaos at the weekend when he ordered his ministers to resign from a coalition with the centre left , leaving the government close to collapse .
the threat of fresh elections , and months more turmoil , in the eurozone 's third largest economy , has already scared investors , with warnings that italy 's bbb + credit rating is at risk of downgrade .
former premier silvio berlusconi has left italy without a functioning government after ordering members to quit , causing bonds and shares to dive .
berlusconi , pictured last week arriving at his private residence , in rome , faces eviction from parliament over tax fraud .
berlusconi 's centre right people of liberty party has ruled in a uneasy coalition with the centre left since april .
prime minister enrico letta faces a vote of confidence in the parliament tomorrow .
if all berlusconi 's mps vote against him , the government 's majority will collapse .
but a rebel faction within people of liberty may provide salvation for letta , a party source has claimed .
if the dissidents support the government a workable majority could be cobbled together , preventing the collapse of the administration .
rumours of the rebellion slightly revived prices of italian stocks and bonds .
the yields on italy 's 10-year bond , a good indicator of long-term sentiment towards italy , spiked to 4.73 per cent early on monday from 4.42 per cent on friday , the highest since june but well below a 7.5 per cent yield hit when italy came on the verge of default in late 2011 .
shares in milan 's blue-chip ftse mib plunged 2.5 per cent minutes after opening , with banking stocks particularly heavy .
shares in broadcasting group mediaset , controlled by silvio berlusconi , were down nearly 5 per cent .
italian prime minister enrico letta will go before parliament on wednesday and hold a confidence vote to verify what is left of his parliamentary backing .
the outcome of a confidence vote is uncertain as some of berlusconi 's lawmakers from his centre-right party have shown increasing unease over his shock decision to withdraw government support .