this is the heartbreaking moment a female macaque monkey cradled her dead baby in her arms .
the grief-stricken mother spent days carrying around the tiny newborn at tangkoko nature reserve and national park in sulawesi , indonesia .
she could be seen tenderly cradling her baby - before fending off a male macaque who tried to reach out and touch it .
heartbreaking : a female macaque cradles her dead newborn baby in her arms at an indonesian national park .
the poignant moment was caught on camera by wildlife photographer andrew walmsley , 31 , who described it as ` very hard to watch ' .
both mother and newborn are crested black macaques , which are classified as critically endangered due to hunting and habitat loss .
footage shows the female macaque spending days looking after her baby , who passed away just a few weeks after its birth .
she can be seen pressing her child tightly against her chest , before grooming , sniffing and gazing mournfully at it .
grief-stricken : the mother spent days carrying around her tiny child at tangkoko nature reserve and national park in sulawesi .
she even fended off a male macaque who tried to reach out and touch the baby -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
tragic : the poignant moment was caught on camera by wildlife photographer andrew walmsley , from oxford .
she even pushes away another male macaque who tries to reach out and touch the baby , while baring her sharp teeth at him .
mr walmsley , from oxford , said he and a team of researchers had first spotted the grief-stricken mother clutching the baby to her chest at around 11am .
' i .
first saw the mother walking past me and noticed that she was clutching .
something to her chest , but that the legs were dragging against the .
ground , not gripping her belly , ' he said .
` she sat alone , cradling her baby , looking down .
at it and not moving for maybe 15 minutes .
endangered : both mother and newborn are crested black macaques , classified as critically endangered .
` occasionally she would .
actually hug him , groom him slowly then return to cradling him between .
her legs .
' a short while later , a young male approached