by .
louise boyle .
and meghan keneally .
published : .
09:08 est , 27 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
09:24 est , 27 february 2014 .
an fbi source who met with osama bin laden in 1993 was later killed by al qaeda operatives who suspected his dissent .
an fbi mole who met with osama bin laden was later killed by al qaeda who suspected he was a u.s. informant .
at the time of his death in bosnia around 1994 or 1995 , the mole , who was originally from sudan , had been working for the cia after being tempted by a large amount of money .
the existence of the mole and his close contact with bin laden came to light in newly-released court documents .
intel from the meeting between the informant and bin laden led to the fbi thwarting a terrorist attack .
on a british cruise liner and another on a masonic lodge in los angeles .
according to nbc news , the fbi recruited the mole in 1993 when he was the driver and close confidant of the ` blind sheik ' omar abdel-rahman - the mastermind behind the 1993 world trade center attack .
in early 1993 , after being tipped off by the immigration and naturalization service , the fbi found the sudanese driver on a terrorism watch list .
following the 1993 attack on the world trade center - where explosives detonated in an underground parking garage killing six people - the fbi began to watch the sheikh , who was living in los angeles , but needed a way to get closer .
after failed attempts to deport the driver , the fbi turned him into a source using bassem youssef , a high-ranking agent and arabic speaker .
youssef initally approached the sudanese driver under the guise of a friend who could help reunite him with his family , according to the nbc report .
soon the fbi had tapped the phones in the driver 's home and were working on his wife to have her cooperate .
scroll down for video .
working back-channels : the revelations came as part of a discrimination suit filed by fbi agent bassem youssef -lrb- pictured -rrb- who cultivated the source that got in direct contact with bin laden .
when the driver learned the