a connecticut boy scout troop leader and elected official may have been sexually assaulting boys between the ages of 11 and 16 for up to 20 years it surfaced last week .
david kress , 52 , of thompson was charged with three counts of employing minors in obscene performance following an investigation , said state police .
victims say that kress , who lead boy scout troop 66 , sexually assaulted the boys during events , at his home , and also ` at locations where kress was working .
' turned himself in : david kress , 52 , of thompson was charged with three counts of employing minors in obscene performance following an investigation which led him to turn himself in on october 23 .
nbc reports that police were able to obtain an arrest warrant after conducting a 10-month investigation on the alleged incidents against at least three boys , .
finally , kress turned himself in on october 23 .
` it 's disturbing for the children involved and for the people in town that knew him , ' said town resident christine sullivan .
` children look up to these people , so for anyone to be doing anything that 's negative in their lives , it 's horrifying and traumatic for them .
' in addition to being leader of a boy scout troop , kress is a member of the town zoning board of appeals and was elected to serve a six-year-term for them .
first selectman paul lenky of thompson said that the predicament was ' a tough thing to absorb ' and due to kress ' elected status they have n't yet taken action against him .
` legally , because he 's an elected official , we have to take a look at it very closely before we make any decisions , ' lenky said .
` there are a lot of questions to be answered but we 're going to have to do it the right way .
' long serving troop leader : david kress , 52 , was a long-serving troop leader who may have been abusing young boys under his supervision for 20 years or more .
boy scouts of america communications director deron smith released a statement on monday .
` the behaviour included in these allegations runs counter to everything for which the