when he was born at 24 weeks , it was almost impossible for finley devonshire 's parents to imagine the tiny addition to their family would survive .
but , despite weighing just 15ozs - less than a bag of sugar - he is now five months old and has finally been allowed to go home .
his mother , gemma haskey , has spoken about how she started suffering headaches and high blood pressure which doctors told her was pre-eclampsia .
finley devonshire has finally been allowed home five months after he was born weighing just 15ozs .
parents gemma haskey and graham devonshire were faced with the agonising option of whether to abort the pregnancy when she was diagnosed with pre-eclampsia .
it is clear how small finley was when he was born from this image taken while he was in an incubator in hospital .
she was given the agonising option of aborting the pregnancy because the baby could be brain-damaged .
a scan showed that finley was healthy and so she vowed to continue to carry him .
but .
just a day later finley 's father , graham devonshire , 40 , got a call .
from the nottingham city hospital telling him gemma 's condition had .
deteriorated and they had no choice but to deliver the baby .
doctors .
said finley had only a ten per cent chance of surviving the caesarean .
section .
incredibly , he responded well after being rushed to a neonatal .
intensive care unit for treatment .
gemma was also rushed to intensive care after the birth and only saw her son for the first time four days later .
gemma fell ill during the 23rd week of pregnancy and delivered finley a day after being admitted to hospital .
but .
on the same day mother and baby met for the first time finley started .
bleeding on the lungs and was given just 24 hours to live .
gemma .
said : ' i ca n't remember much of that first week .
i just wanted to know .
he was okay and the nurses were great at giving me updates , but i do n't .
think we really understood how poorly he was .
` they took us into a room and said he 's got this big bleed on his lungs