at first glance you might think vince cable has adjusted pretty well to mars ' hostile environment .
despite the chilly − 63 °c temperatures and lack of oxygen , the mp appears relaxed , wearing just a suit and tie .
but the secretary of state for business is in fact visiting a test yard in stevenage , hertfordshire , designed to replicate mars .
the new airbus defence space ` mars yard ' measures 98ft -lrb- 30 metres -rrb- by 43ft -lrb- 13 metres -rrb- and contains more than 300 tonnes of sand meaning engineers can test the next generation of vehicles destined to explore the red planet .
explorer ?
british business secretary vince cable stands with the ` bridget ' rover on the mars yard at airbus defence and space in stevenage .
the mars yard provides a test bed area for prototype rover vehicles that may be used to obtain data from the surface of mars .
europe 's first mars rover will be able to autonomously navigate up to 230 ft -lrb- 70 metres -rrb- a day with no outside guidance from ground control .
the next generation exomars rover will be tested in the mars yard to give the guidance , navigation and control team a chance to finalise its sophisticated autonomous navigation system .
vince cable said : ` the exomars rover represents the best of british high-value manufacturing .
` the technologies developed as part of the programme , such as autonomous navigation systems , new welding materials and techniques , will also have real impacts on other sectors , helping them stay on the cutting edge .
the bridget -lrb- pictured , left -rrb- and bryan rovers -lrb- pictured , right -rrb- are shown on the mars yard test area at airbus defence and space in stevenage .
the mars yard will be used up until its launch and will also be kept available after the rover has landed on the surface of mars in 2019 .
` not only is it hugely exciting that europe 's next mission to mars will be british built , but it is incredibly rewarding to see the benefits of our investment in the european space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- creating jobs here in the uk .
' the facility was opened by vince cable as well as chief executive of the uk space