by .
emma innes .
published : .
11:14 est , 9 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:16 est , 9 may 2013 .
accident and emergency services have ` deteriorated significantly ' , according to nhs officials .
launching its national recovery and improvement plan , nhs england said the number of organisations failing to meet waiting time targets has doubled over the last year .
the organisation said that many factors have contributed to the decline of the service including the increasing numbers of patients , seasonal illnesses such as the winter vomiting bug , and delays in admittance and discharge of patients .
nhs england said the number of organisations failing to meet waiting time targets has doubled over the last year .
the problems could also have been exacerbated by the introduction of the nhs 111 service and pressure on social care budgets , an nhs england document suggests .
` a&e performance has deteriorated significantly over the last six months , ' the document says .
` long waiting times in a&e departments -lrb- often experienced by those awaiting admission and hence ill patients -rrb- not only deliver poor quality in terms of patient experience , they also compromise patient safety and reduce clinical effectiveness .
' in the last quarter of 2011/12 a third of hospitals did not meet the target of having 95 per cent of a&e patients seen and discharged or admitted within four hours .
for the last quarter of 2012/13 , two thirds of hospitals failed to meet the target , figures show .
nhs england has ordered local health authorities to form ` urgent care boards ' which will create plans to improve the service in place by the end of the month .
` when pressure builds across the health and social care system , the symptoms are usually found in the a&e department , ' said nhs england 's national director for acute episodes of care , professor keith willett .
` i 've lived that environment for 30 years and i know just how tough it can be .
the problems could have been exacerbated by the introduction of the nhs 111 service and pressure on social care budgets .
` what we all want is great service for patients that meets and often exceeds the minimum standards .
` to get there