luis suarez is 90 minutes from his first final with barcelona but his coach luis enrique could leave him out of the copa del rey semi-final second leg against villarreal because he is one booking away from suspension .
suarez has now scored five goals in his last five games but pedro , neymar and messi could start the match if the barcelona manager decides he wants his # 75million striker saved for the final and not exposed to the risk of a yellow card that would rule him out of it .
barcelona will have reached their 38th spanish cup final if they can take the 3-1 first leg result over the line .
no club in spain has made it to more finals or won the competition more often than their 26 trophies .
barcelona 's all-star front three could be broken up in the copa del rey semi-final second leg on wednesday .
luis suarez -lrb- centre -rrb- has been in great goalscoring form but is one yellow card away from suspension .
villarreal have never made it to a big final and supporters were preparing for what will be one of the greatest nights in their history with yellow balloons placed on all the seats of the 20,000 el madrigal stadium .
the last time they came close to reaching a final was 2005 when manuel pellegrini was in charge .
they lost 1-0 to arsenal in their champions league semi-final first leg and won a last-gasp penalty in the second game only for jens lehman to save juan roman riquelme 's spot-kick and prevent the game going into extra time .
they reached the europa league semi-final in 2010 but were beaten 5-1 in the first leg , with radamel falcao scoring four and making the second game an irrelevance .
suarez scored again at granada on saturday but barca may not risk him being suspended for the cup final .
pedro could come into the side to face villarreal instead of suarez as barcelona bid for a 38th spanish final .
a 2-0 win would see them go through on wednesday but barcelona have not failed to score in a cup game since the 2010-11 copa del rey final against jose mourinho 's real madrid .
since then they have scored in 33 cup games .
villarreal will probably need to score three .