a british dance teacher shot dead by his son-in-law , who was also his former lover , may have molested at least four boys while running a dance school in suffolk , it has emerged .
police have investigated four alleged victims who say they were abused in the 1980s and 1990s by scott rogers , who was killed in the us after becoming a local television celebrity there .
three of the men claiming that rogers attacked them have only come forward after he was shot dead in august by mathew hodgkinson , who also killed himself .
investigation : scott rogers is accused of molesting at least four young boys while living in britain .
rogers - known as richard scott-rogers when he lived in britain - was charged with abusing the other boy more than 20 years ago , but was cleared in 1993 after a trial .
before he moved to the us , rogers founded the academy of dancing and performing arts in bury st edmunds , which was described as a ` supposedly religious cult ' by the local council .
rogers allegedly held ` sleepovers ' with young students , where he would ` cuddle them in their sleeping bags ' , according to parents .
he then moved to baton rouge , louisiana , where he hosted a weekend morning tv show called around town , making him a minor celebrity in the area .
but in august last year , rogers , 52 , was murdered by mathew hodgkinson , a former lover of his who had married his daughter kimmy as part of an immigration scam .
school : rogers founded the academy of dancing and performing arts in bury st edmunds , suffolk in 1983 .
hodgkinson , 36 , then turned the gun on himself , and died in hospital eight days later .
after rogers ' death , suffolk police appealed for any victims to come forward , and were contacted by three men who said they were abused at the dance school in bury st edmunds .
killer : rogers was shot dead in august by his son-in-law and ex-lover mathew hodgkinson , pictured .
the force , working with officers from the metropolitan police 's operation yewtree , recorded their claims and referred them to specialist agencies which support child abuse victims .
however ,