by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
09:02 est , 20 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
09:44 est , 20 january 2014 .
a family has been ordered to tear down a children 's playhouse by council chiefs , because it does not have planning permission .
edinburgh city council officers have decided that the 8ft stilted structure - built to look like a treehouse - ` invades the privacy of neighbours ' after they were tipped off that it did not have permission .
karl winkler , 50 , built the house for his children beatrice ,11 , boris , nine and claude , five , to spend their summers at the home in viewforth , edinburgh .
sarah winkler with children beatrice , 11 , and claude , 5 .
the family have been ordered to tear down the tree house which was erected in their back garden because it does n't have planning permission .
but despite applying for retrospective planning permission , the family were turned down , and are now launching their fourth appeal to keep the building .
they have been appointed an independent adjudicator by the scottish government , who could override the council 's decision not to allow the winklers to keep the structure .
mr winkler , a project manager , said edinburgh city council officers were tipped off by a neighbour .
he said : ` if someone builds something that 's really ugly , the rules allow you to do something about it .
` but this is a kiddies ' playhouse - the council are using the regulations in the wrong way .
` there 's a small balcony the kids use in the summer which the council said invades the neighbours ' privacy , even though it faces away from them .
' the wooden structure , which cost # 1,000 in materials to build , has been deemed ` too close ' to the edge of the garden for its height , invading nearby residents ' privacy .
but mr winkler said none of his neighbours - who he said had been supportive of the treehouse - had made any complaints .
he said : ` there 's a small balcony the kids use in the summer which the council said invades the neighbours ' privacy , even though it faces