by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
17:27 est , 6 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
13:22 est , 7 june 2012 .
the girlfriend of miami cannibal rudy eugene revealed her name and her face for the first time on wednesday afternoon .
she continued to claim her boyfriend of four months was a harmless man and a devout christian .
yovanka bryant , 27 , went so far as to say that eugene , who was gunned down by police after he ate 75 percent of a homeless man 's face , would have been a ` good father for her children .
' standing alongside celebrity lawyer gloria allred , miss bryant said eugene was carrying a bible before he stripped naked and went on a brutal , unprovoked rampage along the macarthur causeway outside miami beach during memorial day weekend .
locking lips : yovanka bryant produced this photo of her boyfriend of four months , rudy eugene , to prove that he was not a violent man .
speaking her mind : miss bryant , 27 , appeared along side celebrity lawyer gloria allred , who said she was representing miss bryant ` to help her have a voice ' she says the only explanation of eugene 's behavior is that he must have been drugged without his knowledge .
' i thought he would be a good father for my children .
i wish the public knew rudy the way i did , she said , according to cbs miami .
she said they never talked about voodoo or cannibalism when they were together .
miss bryant released a photograph of her and eugene kissing during a choreographed media appearance led by the famous attorney .
allred represented nicole brown simpson 's family during the oj simpson murder trial .
more recently , she stood with one of the women who accused former presidential candidate herman cain of sexual harassment .
horrific : rudy eugene , 31 , was gunned down by police after he refused to stop eating ronald poppo 's face on a hot afternoon on memorial day weekend .
brutal attack : eugene 's assault on poppo shocked the world with its gruesome details and instantly turned eugene infamous .
miss bryant says her relationship with eugene was marked by religious devotion .
she says the