by .
rebecca evans .
published : .
19:04 est , 16 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
17:42 est , 18 december 2012 .
plastic banknotes are set to be introduced in britain , replacing the paper money used for more than 300 years .
the radical overhaul could see the more durable , waterproof and harder-to-counterfeit polymer sterling notes in circulation within three years .
the bank of england has put out a # 1billion tender from 2015 for the printing of notes at its press in debden , essex .
paper money could be replaced within three years after being used for more than three centuries .
part of this process demands that bidders are able to cope with the change from paper to plastic from the start of the contract .
since 2003 , the contract has been held by de la rue -- one of only two makers of polymer notes .
the company , which prints more than 150 currencies , has just produced new plastic banknotes for the pacific island of fiji .
plastic notes were first introduced in australia in 1988 as a measure against counterfeiting .
they have proved a success , and are apparently particularly popular with surfers who are able to keep money in their pockets without it disintegrating .
other countries to issue polymer notes include new zealand , romania , papua new guinea , mexico and vietnam .
in northern ireland , a plastic fiver was introduced in 1999 to mark the millennium .
the bank 's chief cashier chris salmon has already said plastic notes were being looked at as a possibility to replace paper money .
plastic notes last much longer than cotton fibre-based paper ones .
for instance , an australian $ 5 bill lasts about 40 months , against six months for a # 5 note .
polymer notes are more hygienic as they absorb fewer bacteria , harder to tear or crease -- making them easier for vending machines -- and waterproof , even able to survive being put in the washing machine .
a key feature is a clear window , which normally contains an ` optical variable device ' that splits light into its component colours and is extremely hard to counterfeit .
plastic notes can also contain holograms .
they are also more environmentally friendly as fewer