the ecb are not living up to their promise of fresh transparency under a new regime by keeping secret the job description for the director of england cricket .
the confidential details were sent by email to potential candidates for the post , front-runners for which are former england captains andrew strauss , michael vaughan and alec stewart .
but the work parameters will not appear on the ecb website or that of headhunters sports recruitment international , as would be the normal procedure .
ecb chairman colin graves has released very few details of the new director of cricket role for england .
former england captain andrew strauss -lrb- pictured here in 2011 -rrb- is among the front-runners for the job .
it is understood the ecb , who say there will be a proper recruitment procedure , do n't want any publicity about the job specification .
it might well be altered in various ways during the interview process so their chosen man is happy with the scope of his responsibilities .
it is not expected that the new appointment will have to go to every england game .
that will please head coach peter moores , who talked of the danger of having too many voices in the dressing room after the antigua test .
but the cricket director will have the main say over coach and captain and set the overall playing strategy .
sports psychiatrist steve peters , who is credited with having helped jonathan trott recover from situational anxieties well enough for him to return to the test arena , talked briefly this week about how he is aiding the england batsman .
england star jonathan trott has overcome situational anxieties following work with psychiatrist steve peters .
peters , before giving a lecture on his role as undergraduate dean of the university of sheffield medical school , said he was n't equipped to give guidance on the technical batting problems that led to trott 's two failures in antigua .
but he concentrates on ensuring , through skype sessions , that trott is in the best state of mind to succeed while being able to put any cricket setback into proper perspective .
chelsea manager jose mourinho appears to have enjoyed yet another big payday by fronting a jaguar promotion of their new car supply deal for the wimbledon championships .
mourinho ,