by .
victoria woollaston .
sighted people take for using phones and touchscreens for granted , but for blind people it is a luxury .
london-based ownfone has created the world 's first customisable braille handset to give visually impaired people more independence and confidence with mobile devices .
the company uses 3d printing to add personalised buttons to the front of the phone for specific contacts .
london-based ownfone has created the world 's first customisable braille handset to give visually impaired people more independence and confidence with devices .
the phone , pictured , is based on the simple design of previous ownfone models and costs # 60 .
it is only currently available in the uk .
in april last year , india designer .
sumit dagar unveiled a concept design for a braille phone .
it is built using a grid of .
pins that move up and down to create the shapes of words and image .
his design uses shape-memory alloy technology to expand and contract to its original shape after use .
dagar demonstrated the phone 's capabilities during a 2011 ted talk .
he said users would be able to touch objects and images of people 's faces .
he also demonstrated how the technology would help people use maps , play games , and more .
the ownfone phone builder automatically converts contact names on buttons into braille .
this technology can also be used to create textures and guide buttons for partially sighted or elderly people who ca n't read braille .
ownfone launched the world 's first custom printed mobile phone in 2012 , and last year it released a simple handset for four - to nine-year-olds .
the ownfone braille device is based on the simple design of these two previous devices , and costs # 60 .
it is currently only available in the uk , but the company 's founder tom sunderland is planning to launch a kickstarter campaign to sell it internationally .
users can design and order their ownfone from the firm 's website , and see what their contact names will look like as braille buttons .
the company uses 3d printing to add personalised buttons to the front of the device for specific contacts .
the ownfone phone builder , pictured , automatically converts contact names into braille .
ownfone 's braille