by .
james chapman .
published : .
18:42 est , 16 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
22:25 est , 16 march 2014 .
pledge : george osborne has vowed to build 120,000 more homes by the end of the decade .
the controversial government-backed help to buy scheme is to be extended until the end of the decade and the first new garden city for 100 years is to be built in an attempt to boost housebuilding .
chancellor george osborne revealed yesterday that both measures will be in this week 's budget , adding that britain needed to ` get building ' to secure the economic recovery .
the extension of help to buy for new properties -- which had been due to end in 2016 -- to 2020 will support the construction of 120,000 additional homes , he said .
the move comes despite suggestions that the help to buy scheme could be overheating the housing market , with bank of england governor mark carney keeping a ` close eye ' on the scheme .
under help to buy , the government lends a prospective home buyer up to 20 per cent of the cost of their new-build home so a buyer needs only a 5 per cent cash deposit and a 75 per cent mortgage to make up the rest .
the chancellor also announced that a garden city will be built at ebbsfleet in kent , which will initially provide 15,000 homes .
the chancellor said britain needs to ` get building ' despite mark carney warning the scheme is dangerous .
shadow chancellor ed balls said : ` we 've got the lowest level of house-building since the 20s .
` the government is not doing enough to invest in affordable homes and the economics of this is if you boost demand with help to buy and do n't do enough on supply , the price goes up -lrb- and -rrb- it 's harder to get into the housing market .
` if george osborne really wants to make a difference he would have been much more radical on house-building in the last three years and today -- and he 's not been .
it 's a damp squib .
' the local government association , which represents almost 400 councils in england and wales , expressed alarm at the chancellor