a woman came home from her local markets with more than she bargained for after unexpectedly giving birth on the grass amidst dozens of busy stalls .
kashelle knox , 28 , had n't been expecting her second child to arrive for another ten days but the brisbane mother from fairfield told daily mail australia that she knew it was time while waiting in a queue for food at the boundary street markets .
` after a few contractions i was like , this baby is coming now whether i like it or not , ' mrs knox said .
pictured in an ambulance after giving birth , kashelle knox unexpectedly went into labour while out for some dinner at the boundary street markets .
she gave birth to a baby boy , almost two weeks before her due date , as 3,500 market attendees looked on .
market manager david bostock said he was informed by paramedics that a woman was delivering a baby beside the wurst-meister market stalls and a café -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
' i called my midwife and got my friend to call my husband to come and pick me up .
we knew this one was going to be faster than my first -lsb- child birth -rsb- , but not that fast .
' mrs knox gave birth within half an hour .
by the time paramedics made it to the scene , the baby 's head had already appeared and by the time her husband made his way over , his wife was presenting him with their newborn son .
market manager david bostock told daily mail australia that there were over 3,500 people at the market with ` music was playing in the background ' when mrs knox gave birth .
' i was closing a stall up when an ambulance drove up the driveway and i rushed out thinking someone was in trouble .
the paramedic said someone was delivering a baby beside the wurst-meister shop and the café , ' mr bostock said .
mrs knox 's waters broke just after a friend arrived to take her home : ` that 's when my midwife recommended i move to a quiet corner and so i moved five metres away and had the baby , ' she said .
mrs knox gave birth within half an hour .
by the time