around 66 million years ago , a six mile-wide -lrb- 10km -rrb- asteroid smashed into the earth off mexico 's yucatan peninsular .
the impact wiped out three quarters of all plant and animal species - including the dinosaurs - triggering mega-tsunami , wildfires , global earthquakes .
but even armageddon can have a silver lining , according to a new discovery which claims the event proved a turning point for the plants that now dominate vegetation on earth .
after the impact , fast-growing seasonal species of plants began to take over from evergreens .
this is according to a study of 1,000 fossilised plant leaves in north dakota by the university of arizona .
after the impact , fast-growing seasonal species of plants rapidly began to take over from evergreens .
` if you think about a mass extinction caused by catastrophic event such as a meteorite impacting earth , you might imagine all species are equally likely to die , ' said lead scientist dr benjamin blonder , from the university of arizona .
` survival of the fittest does n't apply - the impact is like a reset button .
` the alternative hypothesis , however , is that some species had properties that enabled them to survive .
analysis of the leaf samples revealed the switch from evergreens to deciduous plants after the meteor struck .
all the fossils were collected from a rock formation known as hell creek that marks the site of an ancient flood plain in the south of north dakota .
dr blonder 's study provides evidence of a dramatic shift from slow-growing plants to fast-growing species .
he said it potentially tells scientists why modern forests are generally made up of seasonal plants and not evergreen .
a devastating ` impact winter ' , brought on by an asteroid strike 66 million years ago , is being blamed for wiping out the dinosaurs .
researchers have discovered the first physical evidence that global temperatures suddenly plummeted following the impact off mexico 's yucatan peninsula .
its effects would have been identical to those seen in the aftermath of a large-scale nuclear war , including the chilling effect of dust blotting out of the sun .
according to the research , the ` chicxulub ' impact is likely to have brought about this ` nuclear winter ' by lowering global sea