a veteran jockey from texas is facing felony charges after being accused of cheating during a race by using an outlawed electrical device to ` buzz ' the animal and make it run faster .
a criminal investigation was launched after a photograph of roman eric chapa , 43 , taken near the finish line at sam houston race park on january 17 , was widely circulated through the racing community .
chapa won the $ 50,000 race while riding quiet acceleration but he has now been charged with unlawful influence on racing .
he appeared in court before a judge at the harris county criminal justice center friday morning .
scroll down for video ... cheat ?
roman eric chapa , 43 , is charged with unlawful influence on racing .
he went before a houston judge .
an investigation was launched after a photo allegedly shows chapa holding an electrical shocking device .
caught ?
race park officials said the photograph was snapped by a man contracted to take photos of the races for promotional purposes .
photo finish : the photo -lrb- magnified to show detail -rrb- shot by jack coady , shows what officials say is jockey roman chapa , 43 , using a banned device - a small beige object in chapa 's left hand .
court records say the device seen in chapa 's hand delivers an electrical shock to the horse .
suspicions were only aroused when the photographer told them chapa asked for the photograph to be removed from a website but did not give him a specific reason as to why , only that ` it was a bad picture .
' chapa denies using the device during the race and claimed the picture was photoshopped because ` someone was trying to frame him .
' sam houston race park president andrea young released a statement : ` we are pleased to see the swiftness with which the texas racing commission , texas department of public safety and the harris county district attorney 's office have moved in their investigation of mr. chapa 's january 17th mount at sam houston race park .
these sorts of actions have no place in our sport , and are a disservice to the tens of thousands of people involved in our sport who play by the rules every day .
we will continue to