by .
becky evans .
published : .
13:15 est , 18 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:47 est , 18 february 2013 .
warning : graphic content .
television chef hugh fearnley-whittingstall has added fresh squirrel to the menu of one of his restaurants .
grey squirrel braised in a tomato and red wine sauce is being served up to customers at river cottage canteen in plymouth , devon .
the unusual dish comes as the food world is still reeling from the horsemeat scandal but its inclusion on the menu conforms to fearnley-whittingstall 's belief in promoting wild food from sustainable sources .
scroll down for video .
the squirrels are marinated with red wine and juniper berries for 24 hours to give the meat flavour .
river cottage is serving up grey squirrel braised in a tomato and red wine sauce .
the squirrels were shot at river cottage headquarters at park farm on the devon-dorset border and were prepared by sous-chef andy richardson .
he says the meat has a gamey flavour , similar to rabbit .
grey squirrel is plentiful and widely regarded as a pest by both farmers and growers and conservationists but it has yet to catch on as a delicacy among foodies .
` it will be interesting to see how the guests react to it , because it is nice for us to offer something different , ' said front of house manager marie mitchell .
sustainable : sous chef andy richardson , left , says the squirrel dish shows river cottage does not play safe but its inclusion also conforms to found hugh fearnley-whittingstall 's , right , belief in promoting wild food .
seven squirrels were shot at river cottage and it took chef andy richardson an hour and a half to butcher them .
it took mr richardson an hour and a half to butcher the seven squirrels , yielding a modest amount of meat .
he said : ` you 'd need one and a half squirrels for a main course .
that 's why we are serving it as starters .
' the sous chef adapted a recipe for braised rabbit from hugh 's meat book , using squirrel in its place .
the squirrel joints are marinated with .
red wine and juniper berries for 24 hours , both to tenderise the