by .
steve robson .
published : .
14:55 est , 22 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:18 est , 23 august 2013 .
a police force will allow people with just four weeks training to interview criminal suspects alone in a bid to cut costs .
sussex police has revealed plans to recruit 32 response investigators on a starting salary of # 20,020 a year to help free up police officers to be out on the street .
a job description says they will be expected to manage their own caseload which will involve investigating crimes , gathering evidence , appearing in court and dealing with victims .
controversial : sussex police will employ people with four weeks of training to investigate crimes to cut costs .
but despite the onerous nature of the role , applicants do not need to have any policing qualifications or experience whatsoever .
the advert states : ` having experience of criminal justice .
procedures and investigations is helpful but not essential .
we 're .
looking for the right person with the right attitude for this role , we .
can teach you the rest through our bespoke 4 week training programme .
upon joining .
' questions : keith vaz mp suggested some tasks should only be performed by experienced police officers .
sussex police said response investigation teams -lrb- rits -rrb- will be ` removed from front line policing ' but allow officers to get back out onto the streets more quickly .
but critics say the new recruits , who will employed on a fixed 18-month contract , will amount to ` plastic police ' who should not be carrying out the work of more experienced officers .
keith vaz , chair of the home affairs select committee , told the times that certain tasks should never be done by non-police officers .
' i think that interviewing suspects is along those lines , ' he told the newspaper .
' a decent lawyer will make mincemeat out of an interview done by someone without the background and knowledge of a police officer .
' paul sellings , chair of sussex police federation , echoed his concerns and described the rits as ` policing on the cheap ' .
` sussex police has got cash for 18 months but when you employ police officers you employ