by .
helen pow .
a heroic teacher talked a shooter , aged just 12 , into dropping his weapon this morning , just moments after the child walked into a packed gymnasium and opened fire at his classmates , leaving a 12-year-old boy fighting for life and a 13-year-old girl in serious condition .
after the first shots rang out at berrendo middle school , the unidentified educator was quick to react , throwing himself towards the armed youngster and convincing him to lay his shotgun on the ground , new mexico governor susana martinez and roswell isd superintendent tom burris revealed in a tuesday afternoon press conference .
` the student was quickly stopped by one staff member who walked right up to him and asked him to put down the firearm which he did , ' governor martinez told reporters .
burris added : ` in the 10 seconds that transpired from the time this thing started until the teacher had control of the weapon there was no cowardice , there was protection for our kids .
' the two victims were first taken to eastern new mexico medical center and then airlifted to the university of medical center in lubbock , texas , where the young man reportedly told nurses he was the target of the shocking .
spray of bullets .
he was undergoing surgery this afternoon .
scroll down for video .
tears : students are reunited with family following a shooting at berrendo middle school , tuesday , january 14 , 2014 .
security : students surrounded by officials are escorted from berrendo middle school after the shooting , which injured two teens .
a teacher also suffered minor injuries but refused medical aid so he could stay on to assist at the scene .
roswell police announced soon after the shooting that the suspect had been arrested at the campus and was in custody .
at the press conference , new mexico state police chief pete n. kassetas said the drama unfolded at the school around 7:30 a.m. ' -lrb- the suspect -rrb- walked into the gymnasium .
we believe the weapon was concealed in a bag and it was n't known about until right before he started shooting , ' he said .
witnesses said the 12-year-old victim was shot in the face , though officials refused to confirm this .