by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
03:55 est , 3 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
05:45 est , 3 september 2012 .
the brother of moors murder victim keith bennett says he is ` offended and angered ' by claims from a group of paranormal investigators that they may have found killer ian brady 's spade .
the spade , which has no handle , was reportedly discovered on saddleworth moor by members of the worsley paranormal group , which has been searching for keith 's remains .
they claimed to have found it at a spot where they believe keith is buried .
` oddballs ' : alan bennett , the brother of moors murder victim keith , has hit back at a group of paranormal investigators who claim to have found a spade used by his brother 's killer ian brady .
tragic : brady 's victim keith bennett 's body has never been found despite his late mother winnie 's constant efforts .
but keith 's brother alan bennett said on an internet forum dedicated to finding keith 's remains : ` this is complete nonsense as is the worsley paranormal group 's theories and activities .
` they are to be found all over the internet chasing anybody who they think will listen to them .
they also post videos claiming to have picked up keith on a `` ghost box '' machine , all of which i find totally disgusting .
` they know my thoughts on their `` findings '' and when they realised , finally , that i could not take them seriously , they got very angry to the point of being abusive .
` it seems now they , just like the other `` oddballs '' in the news lately , have gone to a newspaper .
they have seen their moment to jump on the bandwagon with all the recent publicity about the case .
` this is just another of several spades that have been found on the moor .
it is not near any real area of interest to anybody but themselves .
i have spoken about these people with the police and we all agreed their `` evidence '' was of the sort that did not warrant further consideration - to put it mildly .
' he added : ' i