festive spending is expected to hit # 45,000 a second tomorrow in what is set to be the busiest shopping day in british history .
analysts are predicting consumers will spend a record # 3.9 billion over 24 hours in a last-minute surge of present-buying .
spending will average # 2.7 million a minute , with the peak coming between 1pm and 2pm , during office workers ' lunch breaks .
oxford street was packed on saturday but is expected to get even busier on monday as shoppers rush out to buy last-minute gifts before the big day .
across the country retailers have slashed prices in store to encourage people in but full sales will not begin until christmas eve .
visa , europe 's biggest payment firm , predicts it will process 31 million uk card transactions , and barclaycard expects customers to withdraw # 25,000 a second from cash machines .
here are the best of the online and shop sales -- and the times that some of the best bargains will be going live .
and do n't forget , online sales continue after the shops close on christmas eve ... christmas eve .
from midnight .
from 5pm .
from 7pm .
christmas day .
from midnight .
from 8am .
time unknown .
boxing day .
from 7am .
from 8am .
from 10am .
the frenzy will continue on christmas eve and even throughout christmas day , when a record number of shops are either opening or launching online sales .
it comes as retailers are slashing prices by more than 70 per cent and supermarkets open round the clock in a bid to boost their customer share .
mandy ryan , an analyst for the british retail consortium , said : ` consumer confidence is considerably higher than it was last year but times remain challenging .
` people do n't feel like they have more money than ever but they are taking advantage of some great discounts .
` inflation is much less than last year so shoppers can get that little bit extra for their money .
` the fact that christmas falls on a wednesday means that a lot of people have monday and tuesday off so can get more shopping done .
` footfall is actually down but that is because more people than ever are choosing to