by .
associated press .
published : .
13:05 est , 30 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:35 est , 30 september 2013 .
a chinese-born chemist sobbed in court today as she was sentenced to life in prison for killing her husband with a tasteless , odorless poison during their divorce battle .
tianle li , 42 , who worked for a decade for one of america 's biggest pharmaceutical companies , was a cold , calculating murderer who poisoned her husband rather than let him divorce her , a judge said on monday .
li , of monroe , new jersey , wo n't be eligible for parole for more than 62 years for the killing of xiaoye wang , a computer software engineer , in early 2011 .
li continues to deny any role in her husband 's death .
in a brief , tear-filled statement read in court on monday , li said she .
prays for her husband 's soul and will appeal the trial verdict .
crocodile tears : tianle li , pictured in court today , sobbed as her sentence of life in prison was handed down at the new jersey court .
li , who denies any part in her husband 's death , wo n't be eligible for parole for more than 62 years for the killing of xiaoye wang .
` this was planned , calculated and committed in a cruel and depraved manner , ' state superior court judge michael toto said .
fatal dose : xiaoye wang died after his wife poisoned him in the midst of their divorce .
li was convicted in july of murder and hindering apprehension .
her attorney had sought a 30-year sentence .
the couple had a son who is now four years old and in the care of relatives .
the former monroe resident worked for new york city-based bio-pharmaceutical company bristol-myers squibb .
prosecutors introduced evidence during the trial that li ordered thallium , a tasteless , odorless poison , through work in 2010 after researching its effects on humans .
thallium has been banned for consumer use in the u.s. since 1972 .
it can be fatal in doses as small as a gram and has been called ` the perfect poison ' because it is difficult to detect in lab tests .
it was initially