by .
ruth styles .
his mother is famous for her chic sense of style , while his aunt pippa is no stranger to making fashion headlines of her own .
now it would appear that prince george 's grandmothers are making a bid for the title of most fashionable female relative after both put in strong performances at his christening .
camilla , who exchanged an air kiss with the queen as she arrived at the chapel royal at st james ' palace , looked wonderful in an all-cream ensemble , complete with a cosy bouclé coat and a multi-strand pearl necklace .
scroll down for video .
elegant : new grandmothers camilla and carole battled it out for the title of best-dressed granny .
royal couple : the prince of wales and duchess of cornwall leave st james 's palace after the christening .
looking good : new grandmother carole middleton arrives for the christening of prince george .
meanwhile , the duchess of cambridge 's mother carole , who arrived a few minutes ahead of the royal party , was resplendent in a catherine walker designed off-white dress and tailored navy coat livened up with a chic lace panel .
perfectly-groomed carole , who smiled broadly as she arrived for the intimate ceremony accompanied by husband michael and children pippa and james , teamed her coat with a soft grey satin trimmed straw hat by milliner jane corbett .
both grandmothers plumped for comfortable low-heeled leather court shoes that kept attention firmly on their outfits , .
the pair joined the duchess of cambridge , who looked elegant in a cream ruffled suit by alexander mcqueen and a # 755 bespoke jane taylor hat , and other members of the royal family including prince harry and the queen , for the event , which was attended by just 22 people .
but although it was prince george 's big day , all eyes were on his grandmothers - both of whom have raised their style game in recent years .
camilla 's understated , regal style has been finessed since her 2005 wedding to prince charles , with designers such as anna valentine and bruce oldfield taking pride of place in her wardrobe .
smiles : pippa and james middleton , sister and brother of kate , leave the chapel royal in st james 's palace .