by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
published : .
11:18 est , 7 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:12 est , 8 may 2013 .
britain is to back a # 50million fund to improve security in somalia .
david cameron said the international community had to to ` get right behind ' the rebuilding of the war-torn country or risk fuelling terrorism and mass migration .
after hosting an international conference in london , the prime minister warned radicalism was ` poisoning young somali minds ' which posed a threat to uk security .
scroll down for video .
david cameron , pictured during today 's somalia conference in london , said the country could pose a security threat to the uk .
the conference at lancaster house brought together somalia 's president and a host of international leaders aimed to bring an end to two decades of conflict .
britain , china , the united states and south africa are among the countries which have agreed to contribute to the # 50 .
million funding pot .
the money will be used to build up the army , police force and strengthen maritime security.mr cameron said there had been ` remarkable ' progress since the first meeting of world leaders last year but warned that ` huge challenges ' remain .
he told a press conference : ` if we ignore it we will be making the same mistakes in somalia that we made in afghanistan in the 1990s .
i 'm not prepared to let that happen .
' in mogadishu , demonstrators waved placards and photos of mr cameron and somali president hassan sheikh mohamud urging them to reach an international agreement .
home secretary theresa may and foreign secretary william hague were among the senior ministers to attend the conference .
almost 50 governments and global bodies such as the imf gathered at the conference to hear somali president hassan sheikh mohamud outline his plans to stabilise the country after two decades of brutal civil war .
a year on from the last such meeting in london the world was ` seeing the beginnings of a new future for somalia ' , mr cameron said .
extremism was ` in retreat ' as the al shabaab militias were driven from more towns , piracy attacks were down 80 per