by .
anna hodgekiss .
published : .
09:26 est , 10 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:27 est , 10 october 2013 .
a chinese man whose gums turned black was suffering from an extremely rare form of melanoma , doctors have said .
the 45-year-old , who was otherwise healthy and not in any pain , had been suffering with severely discoloured gums for four weeks before he sought medical help .
the area that had turned black measured around 1.5 cm -lrb- 0.5 in -rrb- by 4cm -lrb- 1.5 inches -rrb- , the doctors reported in the new england journal of medicine .
a chinese man whose gums turned black was suffering from an extremely rare form of cancer .
the 45-year-old , who was otherwise healthy and was n't in any pain , was diagnosed with mucosal melanoma .
the patient was suffering what 's known as mucosal melanoma - a rare form of melanoma that accounts for less than five per cent of cases .
melanocytes , the pigment producing cells of the body , are .
also present in the mucosal surfaces of the body , lining the sinuses , .
nasal passages , oral cavity , vagina , anus and other areas .
approximately 50 per cent of mucosal melanomas begin in the head and neck .
region , however .
just like .
melanocytes in other parts of the body , these can transform into .
cancerous cells , resulting in mucosal melanoma .
but unlike most cases of melanoma of the skin , mucosal melanoma is not .
considered to be related to or affected by uv exposure .
unlike most cases of melanoma of the skin , mucosal melanoma is not considered to be related to or affected by uv exposure .
-lrb- human melanoma cells are pictured -rrb- .
also , because there are no clear risk factors - including family history - diagnosis often comes late and survival rates are low .
five year survival rates for mucosal melanoma are around 40 per cent , compared to more than 90 per cent for cutaneous .
there are around 120-130 cases of mucosal melanoma diagnosed each year in the uk , according to cancer research uk .
in this case , however , once doctors discovered the man 's black gums were due to cancer ,