by .
ben spencer .
some of england 's best-loved beaches could be turned into no-go zones for swimmers under tough new eu rules .
tourism bosses predict a disaster for local businesses if popular resorts are placed on an environmental blacklist over water quality .
when the new european directive is enforced in may 2015 , the rules on water safety will become twice as stringent overnight , rendering dozens of beaches which are currently safe off-limits for swimmers .
warning : tourism bosses warn the new rules could be disastrous for local businesses across britain 's coast .
one in ten of england 's 400 registered bathing beaches will fail the new tests , according to environment agency projections .
signposts will be erected at sites that do not meet the tough new standards , warning swimmers against entering the water .
ironically , 39 of those english beaches that could be on the eu blacklist were declared safe by the marine conservation society today .
even more remarkably , seven beaches which could fail next year are deemed to have ` excellent ' water under the existing rules and are today included in the charity 's good beach guide 2014 .
coastal residents and tourist industry representatives accept higher standards on water quality are needed -- but say to suddenly double the strictness of the tests is ` unfair ' .
water quality is highly dependent on weather , with a wet year causing more pollution to run into the sea .
so taking one test and then planting a sign on the beach telling people it is unsafe for swimming is not representative , residents fear .
39 of the beaches that could be on the eu blacklist were declared safe by the marine conservation society .
malcolm bell , of visit cornwall , said : ` these changes make it look as though things have got worse .
' porthluney cove and seaton , two popular cornish beaches , are among seven that are considered ` excellent ' -- the highest grade -- in today 's guide but are projected to fail next year .
mr bell said : ` if you have a tourism business near one of those beaches it becomes a major issue .
the tourists move on , but it is not so easy to move your business .
water quality