by .
ray massey .
and ben leach .
published : .
04:59 est , 6 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:52 est , 6 june 2013 .
if you 're one of those air travellers whose blood pressure rises at the sight of a 100-yard snaking check-in queue , there 's some good news .
airline passengers are being offered meet and greet ` minders ' to fast-track them from the pavement of the terminal building to the boarding gate of the plane .
such convenience , however , does n't come cheap -- in this case it will cost # 50 a time .
travellers can pay # 40 for the same service on arrivals , making # 90 per round-trip .
manchester airport is to start charging # 50 to help passengers find their way from arrivals to boarding .
the vip service has been introduced this week at manchester airport .
it means passengers who pay for the .
privilege of a vip queue-jump will be whisked hassle-free by their guide .
from the terminal entrance to check-in their bags and then whizz .
through security .
officials say the scheme is aimed .
mainly at families with children , elderly travellers and passengers with .
little experience of airports and will make their journey more .
` relaxed ' and ` stress free ' .
for a # 50 fee , passengers who drive or .
take a taxi to the airport will be greeted at the kerbside drop-off .
point while those who take the train will be collected from the station .
before being taken to check-in and through the passport check and .
security to boarding .
` friendly guides ' will be introduced at manchester airport to escort passengers around the building .
for an additional # 40 fee , those .
arriving back at manchester will be met at the gate , fast-tracked .
through immigration and taken to their baggage carousel .
they will then be escorted to their next means of transport - whether to the station or to their car .
the # 50 will cover departing groups of up to four , though individuals travelling alone would still pay the full amount .
for those flying into the airport the service will cost # 40 for up to four passengers .
an additional