by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
published : .
04:06 est , 15 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
14:35 est , 15 january 2014 .
taxpayer-owned royal bank of scotland must not be allowed to double its bonus cap , labour warned today .
george osborne is facing calls to reject any demand for rbs to increase its payouts to senior staff in the city .
david cameron announced that cash payouts would be capped at # 2,000 but rbs is expected to invoke an eu rule that allows it to pay bonuses in shares up to double an employee 's salary - twice the normal rate - provided they are approved by the shareholders .
scroll down for video .
royal bank of scotland is 82 per cent owned by the british taxpayer , putting the treasury in control of bonus payouts .
however labour 's call for a cap on bonuses was dismissed as unworkable by bank of england governor mark carney .
rbs is 82-per cent owned by the government , making mr osborne effectively the largest shareholder .
labour will force a vote on the issue in the commons today calling on the government to reject any request to raise the bonus cap .
at prime minister 's questions , mr cameron said : ' i can confirm today that just as we have had limits on cash bonuses of # 2,000 at rbs this year and last year , we will do the same next year as well .
' he added : ` if there are any proposals to increase the overall pay , that is pay and bonus bill at rbs , at the investment bank , any proposals for that , we will veto it .
' however , labour insisted that shares bonuses worth double salaries should not be allowed to go ahead .
labour 's shadow treasury chief secretary chris leslie said : ` at a time when families face a cost-of-living crisis and bank lending to business is falling , it can not be right for george osborne to approve a doubling of the bank bonus cap .
' he denied want to ` hobble rbs , but insisted allowing bankers to be paid double their salary was an ` astonishing thing to do ' .
chancellor george osborne is facing calls from