roy hodgson has come under fire for making public raheem sterling 's admission that he was feeling tired ahead of england 's euro 2016 qualifier with estonia .
the liverpool star told the england manager that he was too fatigued to start the match in tallinn after shouldering a heavy burden this season for both club and country .
hodgson then made sterling 's comments public ahead of the match , which england won 1-0 thanks to wayne rooney 's second-half free-kick .
video scroll down to watch roy hodgson : raheem came to me complaining of tiredness .
england manager roy hodgson was criticised for making public raheem sterling 's admission that he was feeling tired ahead of sunday 's euro 2016 win over estonia .
sterling did not make england 's starting xi in tallinn but came on as a second-half substitute .
sterling was replaced by his liverpool teammate adam lallana in the starting line-up but came on as a second-half substitute .
sky sports pundits and former liverpool players jamie redknapp and jamie carragher both criticised hodgson for not keeping their conversation private .
redknapp said : ' i would never have dreamed of saying that -lsb- i 'm too tired -rsb- to an england manager , but then i picked up a lot of injuries .
` i 'm sure brendan rodgers would have been leaning on him , -lsb- saying -rsb- you need a break and this is an opportunity to get one .
` why on earth did hodgson say it though ?
honesty is not the best policy .
why has roy got into this ?
he could have said ' i want to freshen this up .
' this would n't even be a conversation .
' sky sports pundit jamie redknapp said hodgson should have kept the conversation with sterling private .
jamie carragher , also talking on sky sports , agreed that hodgson should have used more discretion .
carragher agreed that discretion would have been a better idea : ` me as a player , i would never give a manager a chance to leave me out .
` but keep it between yourselves , just come out and say lallana played well last game and say raheem needs a rest .
but now we are having a debate on it .
` hodgson could have been more