by .
alex sharp for mailonline .
sir bobby charlton is adamant that manchester united are at the start of an exciting and successful adventure under manager louis van gaal .
the club are without european football for the first time since 1982 and have failed to win any of van gaal 's first four competitive matches in charge at united .
however club legend charlton , a director at old trafford , believes the good times are set to return imminently under van gaal .
video scroll down to watch sir bobby charlton ` united recovery will be a great adventure ' knowledge : charlton was speaking at day one of the soccerex convention in manchester .
difficult start : manchester united boss louis van gaal is yet to win a competitive game this season .
` it seems strange that manchester united are n't involved in european football for a season , ' said charlton at soccerex .
` it 's crazy but maybe it can make things easier for us .
' ` we 've started with some new players , we 've not been playing well but we will play well .
i think that it 's going to be a great adventure of how we pull ourselves back round and get back to the way it used to be .
' van gaal has claimed his side will take three months to play the style of football he requires and charlton is defiant that the dutchman 's arrival will reap success : .
` he has given me and most of us fans some good news .
we wo n't struggle , definitely we wo n't struggle any more .
it 's just such a strange environment the way that it 's all happened , that manchester united is out of the news but it wo n't be for very long .
' van gaal and charlton will hope that united can pick up their first win of the season this weekend , when they host queens park rangers at old trafford on sunday .
high hopes : radamel falcao has been backed to hit the ground running in the premier league .
sold trafford : the argentina international was signed by manchester united for a british record # 59.7 m .
video di maria needs time to settle - van gaal .