the federal government is using a legal process called ` civil forfeiture ' to seize massive amounts of money from unsuspecting americans -- without alleging that they 've committed any crimes .
laws put on the books to help the government track drug trafficking proceeds and terrorists ' cash reserves are regularly contorted , according to a civil rights group , by prosecutors who see easy access to piles of cash that ultimately pays their salaries .
the financial seizures leave some honest small businessmen and women out of luck when their life savings disappear and their family trades teeter on the edge of insolvency .
in one case , the irs took $ 446,000 from a mostly cash-only small business that distributes candy , snacks and cigarettes to convenience stores .
brothers jeffrey , richard and mitch hirsch lost that money two years ago when the federal government raided their bank account .
in another , the government grabbed $ 33,000 from iowa restaurateur carole hinders , who deals only in cash .
no criminal charges have been brought in either case .
scroll down for video .
carole hinders runs a cash-only mexican restaurant in iowa ; federal agents knocked on her door in 2013 to say they had seized her bank account , and she has never been charged with any crime .
jeffrey , richard and mitch hirsch operate a candy and snack distributorship and customarily deal in large amounts of cash -- reason enough for the irs to seize $ 446,000 from their accounts and sit on it for two years .
' i did not do anything wrong , but they took my money , ' hinders said monday .
' i was unable to pay my bills for the first time in my life .
i had to borrow money , use my credit cards and beg vendors to extend me credit .
this nightmare has left me broke , frightened and exhausted .
' the institute for justice , a nonprofit legal organization , is representing hinders and the hirsch family .
the new york times interviewed david smith , a former federal prosecutor who is now a forfeiture expert .
` they 're going after people who are really not criminals , ' smith said .
` they 're middle-class citizens who have never had any trouble with the law .