the torture of al-qaeda suspects by the cia shows that the us government is a ` symbol of tyranny against humanity , ' iran 's supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei has said .
his was the first official reaction in iran to a u.s. senate report yesterday that torture of suspects in the years following the 9/11 attacks on america was far more brutal than acknowledged and failed to produce useful intelligence .
but his sentiments were echoed by leaders in china and north korea who also condemned america 's treatment of detainees .
the torture of al-qaeda suspects by the cia shows that the us government is a ` symbol of tyranny against humanity , ' iran 's supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei , seen middle , has said .
khamenei said : ` today , us government is symbol of tyranny against humanity ; even american people are faced with cruelty , ' wrote on twitter , referring to a speech he had made in 2007 .
tehran is regularly criticised from abroad over its own human rights record , especially regarding the high number of people it executes , and over restrictions on press and religious freedoms .
but it invariably retorts that these accusations are politically motivated , in turn criticising western nations for trying to impose on the islamic republic their concept of human rights .
in a further tweet , from a 2010 speech , khamenei said the u.s. ` claim human rights and trample its basics in their prisons ' .
he went on to say they even breached the rights of other nations and even those of their own people .
khamenei 's tweets drew extensive comments .
a detainee from afghanistan is carried on a stretcher after being interrogated by military officials at camp x-ray at the u.s. naval base in guantanamo bay , cuba in 2002 .
china foreign ministry spokesman hong lei called on america to address its practices , saying : ` we believe that the u.s. side should reflect on this , correct its ways and earnestly respect and follow the rules of related international conventions ' ; above a detainee is escorted to interrogation by u.s. military guards at camp x-ray at guantanamo bay .
some recalled the numerous cases of people who have died in detention in iran in recent years , and the case