david cameron will today come under pressure to bring in laws to force google and other web companies to crack down on child pornography .
labour will trigger a commons vote to demand legislation to force the hand of internet companies who have failed to act .
days ago , the prime minister called for search engines such as google and internet service providers to hunt down and banish child porn from the web .
labour is piling pressure on david cameron to bring in laws to banish child porn from the internet .
ed miliband said the ` whole of britain is united in demanding action ' but ed miliband will today demand mr cameron enshrines his demands in law .
labour will use an opposition day debate in the commons to urge the creation of measures to tackle internet child porn .
it will call for the government to ` set a timetable for the introduction of safe search as a default ' setting for internet search engines , meaning that anyone who wanted to access pornographic material would have to change the settings .
they also want effective age verification checks on pornographic sites , in the same way as they are used on gambling sites , forcing people to register credit cards and personal details in order to gain access .
labour 's motion will also demand ` splash page warnings ' , which will flash a warning that a web surfer is about to visit a child porn site .
` the recent convictions of mark bridger and stuart hazell for the brutal murders of april jones and tia sharp shocked the country , ' mr miliband told the mail .
` there are significant concerns over the lack of support available to the police to tackle the problem of child abuse online .
` the whole of britain is united in demanding action .
that is why labour has called a parliamentary vote .
' the prime minister has summoned major web firms to a summit next week to explain how they can ` do more to root out these disgusting images ' .
details of labour 's ambush came as claire perry , the prime minister 's adviser on families , said it was wrong that just 5 per cent of reports to the internet watch foundation -- which removes illegal sites --