convicted : emma czornobaj , 25 , faces life in prison after being found guilty of causing a crash which killed two people in 2010 .
a woman who parked her car on a highway to rescue ducklings has been found guilty of causing the deaths of a motorcyclist and his daughter who slammed into her vehicle .
emma czornobaj was convicted by a jury on friday on two counts of criminal negligence causing death , a charge that carries a maximum life sentence , and two counts of dangerous driving causing death , which comes with a maximum of 14 years in jail .
the 25-year-old was charged in the deaths of andre roy , 50 , and his daughter jessie , 16 .
she wiped away tears when the verdict was .
delivered to a packed courtroom in montreal .
quebec superior court .
justice eliane perreault said the 12-member jury voted unanimously .
czornobaj was released until her pre-sentence hearing on august 8 .
roy 's motorcycle slammed into czornobaj 's honda civic after the woman stopped in the left lane of highway 30 in candiac , quebec on june 27 , 2010 .
jessie was sitting on the back of her dad 's harley-davidson .
pauline volikakis was riding her own motorbike behind her husband and daughter , and watched in horror as they were thrown into the air .
volikakis briefly fought back tears when she left the courtroom .
' i do n't wish misfortune on anyone , ' the widow said .
` it 's time that we go on .
this will not bring -lrb- back -rrb- my loved ones .
' heartbreaking : pauline volikakis ' -lrb- left -rrb- husband andre roy , 50 , and daughter jessie , 16 , both died in a montreal highway crash in 2010 .
still grieving : pauline volikakis , whose husband and daughter were killed in the collision , fought back tears when she left the courtroom .
she said she hoped publicity of the case will reinforce a basic message to drivers .
` future and present drivers should know that we do n't stop on highways , and it 's very dangerous .
even if it 's a small animal that we like or that we want to preserve , we should not stop on the highways , ' she said