an nc state player directed some pretty sour words at president obama after the eighth-seeded wolfpack advanced to the sweet 16 with a win over the no. 1 villanova wildcats on saturday night .
nc state 's anthony ` cat ' barber appeared to curse at the president while addressing his teammates in the locker room following the squad 's unexpected 71-68 victory .
president obama had picked villanova to defeat nc state and advance all the way to the ncaa title game before ultimately falling to undefeated kentucky .
scroll down for video .
after nc state 's big win , anthony ` cat ' barber -lrb- pictured center , no. 12 -rrb- directed a curse at president obama .
the 20-year-old guard -lrb- right -rrb- had 13 points , three rebounds and three assists in the 71-68 victory on saturday .
nc state 's win over no. 1 seed villanova busted obama 's bracket as he had the wildcats going to the final .
while the team was huddled up in the locker room after the win , barber questioned why president obama picked against the wolfpack .
he appeared to say : ` what the f**k -lsb- is -rsb- wrong with barack obama ?
' obama did have the nc state-villanova matchup correct on his bracket .
it does n't really matter , because the wolfpack are back in the sweet 16 .
forward beejay anya said : ` we came out today with the feeling that everybody expected us to lose to a one seed .
` but we believe in ourselves and that we 're good enough to beat anybody in the country and we went down and did it .
' villanova saw its 16-game winning streak end and the team has not reached the second weekend since 2009 .
it was a huge win for the eighth-seeded wolfpack and they will move on to the sweet 16 in syracuse , new york .
president obama has been releasing his bracket for seven straight years .
he has only selected the correct tournament winner once .
the potus predicted the north carolina tar heels would win the ncaa title in 2009 and they delivered .
if kentucky wins it all this year , it will be the second time president obama picked the big winner of the big dance correctly .
president obama has