you 've been with your boyfriend a year .
you think he 's pretty swell .
he asks you to move in with him .
you say ` sure , what the heck ' .
but you 're not totally convinced he 's the one ... so what do you do with all the duplicate belongings you 'll now have ?
the toasters , the teapots , the wine racks , the hoovers ?
do you sell them ?
do you store them in the attic and risk a tiff about your commitment to the relationship ?
or do you squirrel them away in secret , ready to collect when the inevitable happens and you go your separate ways ?
now there 's an easy way to do just that , thanks to a british storage facility offering a ` break-up protection service ' for newly cohabiting couples .
do n't think he 's the one ?
use lovespace 's clandestine storage facility to stash away your duplicate possessions so you can reclaim them if you do break up .
storage-by-the-box provider lovespace will secretly store duplicate items for uncertain cohabiters who might wish to keep hold of the second washing machine and spare set of tea cosies , should the relationship fail .
since 29 per cent of uk households consist of only one person , when two people decide to live together they often have two of everything , such as kettles , toasters , linen , crockery and other personal effects that there is n't space for in their new house .
cohabiting couples are twice as likely to break up as married partners , according to research , so if throw away all of your household and personal items before moving in , you could be left with an expensive shopping trip to re-establish your independence if you do break up .
steve folwell , managing director of lovespace , said : ` we wanted to help the biggest commitment-phobes move in with their partners .
` openly keeping hold of things that you identify with your single life is n't exactly a recipe for happily ever after , so we decided to offer apprehensive cohabiters a secret service where they can keep a box of their past life .
' doubled-up : since 29 per cent of uk households consist of only one person ,