a san diego state university student fell to her death early friday from the roof of a five-story apartment building near the campus after telling a friend she wanted to do something ` daring .
' melissa kennon , 19 , plunged off 50ft from an apartment ledge shortly before 4 a.m. , said san diego police and the county medical examiner 's office .
kevin rampen told 10news kennon wanted to be daring by climbing out onto the ledge .
melissa kennon , 19 , a san diego state university student , fell to her death early friday from the apartment block .
miss kennon , plunged off 50ft from an apartment ledge -lrb- pictured -rrb- shortly before 4 a.m. , said san diego police and the county medical examiner 's office .
medics at the scene said kennon was awake and breathing when she was taken scripps mercy hospital , but she died six hours later .
pictured : the roof miss kennon climbed on .
he said he asked her to get down but saw her lost her balance and plunge to her death .
` literally -lsb- my -rsb- heart sank .
i looked over , she just landed on the ground .
' i immediately called 911 , rushed down to the floor and just talked to the operator ... scariest thing i 've ever seen , ' rampen said .
` she was breathing .
it was kind of not consistent , which was really concerning to me .
' medics at the scene said kennon was awake and breathing when she was taken scripps mercy hospital .
medics at the scene said kennon was awake and breathing when she was taken scripps mercy hospital .
the fall was believed to have been an accident , sdped officer frank cali said .
the 19-year-old was a sophomore studying psychology .
she was initially listed in critical condition , but police said the young woman died just before 10 a.m. .
the fall was believed to have been an accident , sdped officer frank cali said .
she was a sophomore studying psychology .
` our community is deeply saddened by the passing of melissa kennon , ' said a statement releaed by eric rivera , sdsu vice president of student affairs .
` our heartfelt thoughts and prayers are with her family , friends