by .
james nye .
cincinnati reds pitcher aroldis chapman suffered a sickening injury on wednesday night when he was hit by a line drive in surprise , arizona during a spring training game .
the closer broke bones above his left eye and nose when the ball which he pitched at 99mph came hurtling back towards his face - the latest frightening injury to a pitcher struck in the head by a batted ball .
chapman was undergoing further testing at banner good samaritan medical center , where he was set to spend the night for observation , according to a statement from the reds .
scroll down for video .
pitch : reds closer ardolis chapman fires off a 99mph pitch towards salvador perez of the kansas city royals on wednesday night in arizona .
manager bryan price said chapman was conscious and talking as he was taken off the field during cincinnati 's spring training game against the kansas city royals .
the exhibition was called after an 8-minute delay with kansas city leading 6-3 .
` not good , ' price said .
` he left the field on a stretcher , took a line drive just above his left eye is what it looks like â $ '' a contusion , a laceration , and certainly needs to be taken to the hospital and checked .
` we 've got tomas vera , an assistant trainer , is going to be with him .
and then we 'll get our updates from there .
' watch video here : .
return : perez rifles back the ball towards chapman -lrb- left -rrb- who is still following through on his pitch at the stadium in surprise , arizona and -lrb- right -rrb- the ball can be seen as a white speck just above chapman 's left arm about to hit his face .
contact : the ball ricochets off chapman 's face at speed - causing him to raise his left hand to his face in agony .
the hard-throwing left-hander was struck by salvador perez 's liner with two outs in the sixth inning â $ '' the pitch was clocked at 99 mph .
chapman crumbled to the ground , face down , his legs flailing .
the ball caromed into the third base dugout .
medical personnel , including royals dr. vincent key