controversy : la lakers star kobe bryant has said that he would n't necessarily support someone because of the color of their skin and criticized lebron james and miami heat .
la lakers star kobe bryant has been heavily criticized after saying that he did n't think he should necessarily have an opinion on trayvon martin 's shooting just because he is african american .
during an interview for a profile piece in the new yorker , which will be published on april 4 , the 35-year-old said also took the opportunity to pour scorn on lebron james and the miami heat for posting a photo of them wearing hoodies in the aftermath of martin 's death at the hands of george zimmerman .
asked about that , bryant said he took exception to any idea that africa-americans should hold opinions based on their race alone .
' i wo n't react to something just because i 'm supposed to , because i 'm an african-american , ' bryant said .
` that argument does n't make no sense to me .
so we want to advance as a society and a culture , but , say , if something happens to an african-american we immediately come to his defense ?
` yet you want to talk about how far we 've progressed as a society ?
well , we 've progressed as a society , then do n't jump to somebody 's defense just because they 're african-american .
` you sit and you listen to the facts just like you would in any other situation , right ?
so i wo n't assert myself .
' tribute : lebron james and his miami heat colleagues posed in hoodies in the aftermath of trayvon martin 's death at the hands of george zimmerman .
kobe bryant has criticized this stance in april 's edition of the new yorker magazine .
the comments have provoked a huge backlash and debate and led to accusations that bryant is out of touch with real african-american issues .
indeed , bryant , who spent much of his childhood in italy , where his father was a professional basketball player , has even faced calls for young people to boycott any product he endorses .
civil rights activist najee ali , director of project islamic h.o.p.e. , called for a boycott of all things