it 's well known that dolphins have complex social lives and can express their emotions through sound and movement , but since the 1960s scientists have tried to prove whether or not they have a language .
now , a dolphin expert has used a specially-made underwater translator to understand the whistles of the intelligent underwater mammals .
dr denise herzing claims she heard one of the creatures ` say ' the word sargassum , a type of seaweed , when she was swimming in the caribbean last august .
scroll down for video ... a dolphin expert has used an underwater translator to understand the whistles of the intelligent animals -lrb- stock image -rrb- and heard one whistle ` sargassum ' - which means seaweed , when she was swimming in the caribbean last august .
the cetacean hearing and telemetry -lrb- chat -rrb- is an underwater keyboard that has four symbols which each corresponded to a specific sound and a toy .
currently only a prototype , chat is fitted to the arm of a diver who activates a sound using the device .
the sound goes out through an underwater speaker , letting the dolphin know which toy to pick up .
if a dolphin mimics the whistle or a human plays the whistle , the sounds come in and are localised by two hydrophones .
the technology can detect the dolphins ' natural sounds , letting the human diver who is wearing the device know which call is being made and what it means .
it was the first time that a prototype dolphin translator called cetacean hearing and telemetry -lrb- chat -rrb- has managed to translate a dolphin whistle .
` i was like whoa !
we have a match .
i was stunned , ' the founder of the wild dolphin project , based in florida , told new scientist .
the machine detected a whistling sound for sargassum which dr herzing had invented when she was playing with the dolphin pod that she has studied for the last 25 years .
her team hoped the animals would continue to use the whistles , which are quite different to the noises they naturally make .
when the dolphin ` said ' sargassum , dr herzing heard her own voice because the machine translated the unique whistle as ` sargassum ' .
it is not