murder detectives in russia have discovered the bodies of two women found underneath a ` free pussy riot ' slogan thought to have daubed in their blood on a wall .
the message backing the recently-jailed russian female punk band was found on an apartment wall above the bodies of a woman , 76 , and her 38-year-old daughter in kazan , western russia .
the two women , who are said to have shared a home in the city , are thought to have died from stab wounds between august 24 and 26 .
scroll down for video .
message : this message was found daubed on a wall - thought to be using the blood of the victims - above the bodies of two women .
probe : murder detectives sealed the door to the apartment while investigating the deaths of the two women in kazan , western russia .
gruesome : the apartment block in the city of kazan , russia , where the bodies of the two women , aged 76 and 38 , were found .
an investigative committee in tatarstan said their bodies were discovered on wednesday .
the murder probe comes a fortnight after female punk band members maria alekhina , yekaterina samutsevich , and nadezhda tolokonnikova were jailed for two years for a protest against vladimir putin .
the trio were found guilty of hooliganism after performing a song critical of the russian president in one of the russian orthodox church 's most important cathedrals .
an investigator cautioned that the killer was possibly trying to mislead police by drawing attention to supporters of the punk protesters .
it did not provide the women 's names and did not reveal details about their occupations or whether they had any connection to the band .
russian tabloid lifenews quoted an unnamed investigator as saying that the bodies were disfigured by multiple stab wounds .
a young woman enters the apartment block in kazan where the two females were found dead , as police continued their investigations today -lrb- right -rrb- .
the jailed band members ' attorney said on twitter that ` what happened in kazan is horrible , ' calling the case ` either a horrendous provocation or a psychopathic ' case .
' i am sorry that some freaks are using pussy riot 's band name , ' nikolai polozov was