by .
reuters reporter .
the injury sustained by manchester united defender luke shaw was caused by too many training sessions from new manager louis van gaal , former wales assistant coach raymond verheijen said on thursday .
england left back shaw , signed from southampton in the summer for # 27million , may be out for a month with a hamstring problem and will definitely miss the start of the premier league campaign at home to swansea city on saturday .
verheijen called fellow dutchman van gaal a ` great appointment ' by united but at the same time accused the former netherlands manager of incompetence and of working his players too hard .
incompetent : raymond verheijen believes louis van gaal -lrb- left -rrb- is to blame for luke shaw 's -lrb- right -rrb- injury .
hampered : shaw -lrb- top -rrb- will miss the start of manchester united 's season with a hamstring complaint .
` what lvg proves is that top coaches are not perfect .
even the world 's best have deficiencies , ' verheijen said on his twitter feed .
` lvg is tactically superior to most other coaches but planning & periodisation is not his strongest point : double sessions & muscle injuries , ' added the dutchman , an expert on football fitness and a frequent critic of the methods of top coaches .
` the luke shaw case is the climax of manchester united 's predictable pre-season injury crisis due to `` too much training too soon '' .
' running freely ?
shaw -lrb- left -rrb- could be out for a month following his hamstring injury .
too much , too soon ?
verheijen believes united 's extra training sessions were the cause of shaw 's injury .
verheijen questioned why shaw , 19 , cut short his post-world cup break and said he reported back for pre-season training too early .
van gaal accused the left back of being unfit on their pre-season tour of the united states .
` luke shaw had to do extra training to get fit .
who was in charge of his individual programme ?
, ' asked verheijen .
` lvg 's coaching skills & tactical superiority often compensate for this periodisation deficiency but there is clearly room for improvement .
' winning smile : shaw -lrb- centre -rrb- was part of united