a home in an elegant north detroit neighborhood just sold to an anonymous buyer for a cool $ 1.6 million in cash , one of the city 's biggest home sales of recent years , according to the detroit free press .
the alfred j. fisher mansion is listed at 16,466 square feet , making it the second-largest residence in historic palmer woods , a neighborhood that was once home to several auto industry titans .
with detroit 's economy cratering and the housing market down the tubes , there 's no shortage of homes on the market , but few are as beautiful as the fisher mansion or able to command a price tag north of one million .
real estate : in what is being called the biggest sale of recent years , the albert j fisher mansion was sold for $ 1.6 million .
sumptuous : original details in the mansion were preserved or restored , including the hand-crafted features on the ceiling of the dining room .
record-breaking : the anonymous buyer looked past the clutter of a recent estate sale at the hand-crafted features of the mansion 's interior .
alfred j. fisher had the house built in 1926 .
fisher built his fortune , along with his brothers , through the family 's horse-carriage company , fisher body , which later was bought by general motors .
according to a website for the home , the previous owners worked to preserve the home and only restored areas when needed , taking care with the ` hand-painted walls and ceilings ' in the library , breakfast room and sunroom .
in addition to 15 bedrooms , the mansion features 17 bathrooms , an indoor pool and a ballroom .
mod mansion : the previous owners updated appliances , adding a wine cooler and other modern features to the kitchen .
restoration : where they could , the previous owners restored or preserved original tile work , to keep the mansion as close as possible to its original state .
luxurious : the design of the rooms reflect the tastes of the period it was designed in .
there are also two acres of manicured grounds outdoors that will delight the new owner .
the new owner will be able to entertain guests in the dining room , where the previous owners kept the original `