by .
alex gore .
published : .
11:26 est , 10 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:08 est , 10 january 2013 .
a shocked homeowner told today of the terrifying moment she almost plunged down an eight foot hole which appeared overnight outside her front door .
monica winton , 50 , was popping to the shops when she nearly fell down the black hole into a mystery stream running underneath her house .
the tunnel carrying the stream has gradually collapsed and the hole above has expanded to several metres wide .
gaping chasm : graham winton , 51 , stands at his front door , just yards from hole which appeared overnight .
frightening : monica winton was heading to the shops when she nearly plunged down the hole .
mrs winton , from perthshire , scotland , fears the gaping chasm could soon engulf her entire front porch .
she said : ` it was extremely frightening .
it happened on the friday before christmas and i was just going out to the shops when the path outside the front door suddenly gave way .
' i managed to stop myself falling and i was very fortunate not to have hurt myself .
` my husband went out and put a brush down the hole and could n't believe how deep it was .
fears : the wintons are worried the hole outside their front door could engulf their entire front porch .
` if it had been the postman or one of us coming home in the dark it could have been a very very serious accident .
` we 've just got to hope the porch does n't collapse next .
' mrs winton , a home care officer at perth and kinross council , who lives with husband graham , 51 , admitted she had no idea there was a burn running underneath their home of 11 years .
the couple have been told the tunnel .
carrying the water has burst underneath the property , which stripped .
away the soil above and subsequently brought down the pathway .
heavy rain : the couple have been told a tunnel carrying the underground stream burst .
it is thought it happened due to the heavy rainfall that was experienced around the country in december .
mr winton said :