alive and kicking : faye dunaway , 72 , is as healthy as an ancient 30-year-old , scientists have said .
here 's the good news -- 72 is the new 30 .
the bad news ?
it does n't quite mean you 'll be wrinkle-free in your eighth decade .
scientists have found that a primitive hunter gatherer at 30 would have had the same odds of dying as a 72-year-old in a developed country does now .
and over the course of 8,000 generations of humans , the biggest drop in mortality has occurred in the past four .
since 1840 , the life expectancy of a newborn baby in a western industrialised nation has risen by around three months each year .
lifespans are now beyond 80 in some developed nations , thanks to improved medicine and nutrition .
the max planck institute for demographic .
research in rostock , germany , say that modern healthcare and medicines are responsible for increased life expectancies .
researchers have studied the death rates of hunter-gatherers whose way of life has not changed for generations .
they looked at tribal people in australia , africa , south america and the philippines and found that at 30-years-old , these people had the same chance of dying as japanese people aged 72 .
growing old : women in japan and sweden were found to be in the healthiest western nations at 72 .
chuck norris .
penelope keith .
raquel welch .
al pacino .
martin sheen .
neil diamond .
comparing hunter gatherers with the .
long-lived japanese , the authors led by dr oskar burger , wrote : .
` hunter-gatherers at age 30 have the same probability of death as .
present-day japanese at the age of 72 .
' in fact , hunter-gatherer death rates .
were closer to those of chimpanzees than to citizens of japan or sweden , .
the research showed .
since about 1840 , life spans in the longest-lived populations have increased by about three months per year , said the researchers .
most of the death-rate reduction had occurred since 1900 and been experienced by only about four of the roughly 8,000 human generations that have ever lived .
up to the age of around 15 , hunter-gatherers had death rates more than 100 times higher than those seen in modern-day japan