by .
lillian radulova .
the 2014 archibald prize was awarded to sydney artist fiona lowry on friday for her mesmerising painting of architect penelope seidler .
ms lowry was one of 54 finalists in the portrait competition who was finally chosen for the $ 75,000 prize at the art gallery of new south wales .
she said she was inspired by the very subject of her winning portrait upon first seeing ms seidler at a gallery opening six years ago .
sydney artist fiona lowry wont the $ 75,000 archibald prize for her moving portrait of killara architect penelope seidler .
' i was really struck by her beauty and her presence and asked someone who she was .
i decided then that i would like to paint her , ' lowry said .
` it is important to me when i am making a work that i take the subject to a place that has memory and history attached to it because i am interested in exploring the subject 's interaction with that landscape .
' the portrait , painted with an airbrush and using only a limited palette of soft , pastel colours , is set at the back of ms seidler 's iconic killara house , which she designed along with her late husband harry seidler in the 1960s .
` it 's an incredible space architecturally but it is also loaded with history and memories of life very well lived .
both ms lowry and ms seidler attended the event at the gallery of new south wales where the winner was announced on friday .
the painting was set in ms seidler 's backyard and captures the moment that ms seidler reflects on a certain view of her home from her backyard .
` we spent some time in the bush at the back of the property looking at the waterfall .
` at one point , penelope looked back at the house towering over us and reflected that it had been some time since she had seen it from this angle .
it was that reflection that i wanted to explore with this portrait .
' the president of the board of trustees , guido belgiorno-nettis , who lead the judging process , told the daily mail australia that ms lowry was a clear winner from both a technical and and emotional point of