by .
martha cliff for mailonline .
food and fashion is n't the most likely of pairings -lrb- unless it involves kale -rrb- , however one north london bakery is determined to marry the two together .
bunny little 's bakery in london 's tuffnell park runs with the ethos ` food is my fashion ' and creates delicious bespoke cakes inspired by the latest catwalk trends .
the bakery is the brain child of katy taylor and her wife anabel fielding and draws on katy 's experience in the fashion industry to create the stylish sweets which such as ` stella mccartney star biscuits ' and ` erdem cupcakes ' .
fashionable foodie : katy set up bunny little 's bakery where she combines her style knowledge with her passion for baking .
katy is no stranger to fashion having worked as a fashion writer , editor and stylist for top global magazines including vogue and tatler .
she had previously dipped her toes into the catering world by helping to cater for events hosted by anabel in her role as ceo of global event company for the stars quintessentially events .
katy had always dreamed of opening her own bakery and finally quit the fashion rat race to pursue her passion nine months ago .
if anyone is able to fuse the unlikely pair of fashion and food katy is the woman for the job but even she admits that it is n't the most obvious combination .
` as a stylist , for me i have always related fashion back to food which is a bit of a weird combination but it comes down to the same concept .
` it 's about creating a look and editing it down , both industries are very entwined .
' celebrity favourite : bunny little attracts all sorts of famous faces including damian lewis and kate beckinsale .
for katy the process of turning haute couture into hot cakes is one that requires a lot of thought .
the pieces that inspire her creations affect everything from the decoration right down to the texture of the cake .
' i look at the brand and the latest catwalk images and i examine the colours and get a feel for the trend .
i look at the fabrics , are they light ?
then i might create a lighter cake