when saracens and harlequins resume hostilities on saturday afternoon with a place in the aviva premiership final at stake , the match will serve as a high-profile stage for an intriguing leadership duel .
england captains past and present will go head-to-head at allianz park .
steve borthwick v chris robshaw is the subplot which may go a long way to defining this london derby .
these are men who have both encountered turbulence in the glare of public scrutiny , but who are hugely respected within the game and revered as figureheads at their respective clubs .
new wave : incumbent england captain chris robshaw leads harlequins into their semi-final against saracens .
clash of titans : former england skipper steve borthwick takes his table-toppers into the match as favourites .
both wield considerable influence , though their careers are at very different stages .
borthwick is two or three games from retirement ; the uncertainty reflecting the winner-takes-all nature of this play-off for a place at twickenham .
for saracens ' 34-year-old second-row forward , the end of this season could see a glorious climax to a decorated career .
for 27-year-old robshaw , much lies ahead .
as the incumbent england captain , he reinforced his status during an impressive six nations campaign to banish the uncertainty which had previously stalked him in the role .
if robshaw leads quins to may 31 's premiership final , england coach stuart lancaster will appoint a stand-in leader for the test series opener against new zealand in auckland , but the armband will be robshaw 's again when he is available .
so what of this semi-final match-up ?
one .
man with a unique perspective is lewis moody , who succeeded borthwick .
as england captain in 2010 and preceded robshaw in the job .
head-to-head : robshaw -lrb- left -rrb- and borthwick -lrb- right -rrb- wield great influence on the field for their clubs .
bookends : lewis moody succeeded borthwick and preceded robshaw in leading england onto the field .
` steve as a .
captain is very similar to his character ... very intense and meticulous .
in his preparation , certainly when it comes to the line-out and .
restarts , ' said moody .
intense : borthwick 's athleticism around lineouts and restarts is second to none .
` those are his specialist