by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
12:08 est , 29 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:16 est , 30 january 2013 .
they may not be able to kick back with their friends and watch the game with a beer on the sofa , but u.s servicemen will still be able to enjoy the traditional pizza on superbowl sunday .
those serving in afghanistan are to get 21,000 deep dish takeaways for superbowl sunday flown all the way from chicago .
pizzas 4 patriots is teaming up with the international express shipping provider , dhl express to ensure the troops get their slice of america 's biggest pizza day .
anyone call for a takeaway : u.s servicemen in afghanistan are to get 21,000 deep dish takeaways for superbowl sunday ¿ flown all the way from chicago .
they promise to ` ensure the pizzas arrive fresh and in excellent condition , ' reported marketwatch .
more ... exclusive : beyonce will pay ` hundreds of thousands ' of dollars to sing at the super bowl -lrb- but do n't worry - she 'll make millions from it anyway -rrb- .
` who cares what they think in the locker room ?
' : baltimore ravens linebacker uses team 's super bowl bid to stump for gay marriage .
the dhl express team will be packing and loading all 21,000 .
ready-to-bake , chicago-style pizzas from illinois-based great kitchens .
into dhl cargo jets .
they will then ship them to the troops stationed at several .
military bases across afghanistan and kuwait .
time for a treat : a u.s. army sniper calibrates his gun at command outpost ajk in maiwand district , kandahar province , afghanistan - but on sunday he could be enjoying pizza .
the shipment will be distributed to camp .
bastion , bagram airbase and kandahar - all in afghanistan - as well as .
camp arifjan in kuwait and various forward operating bases in both .
countries .
` while our soldiers ' presence in the middle east continues to become .
smaller , they still need to know that we appreciate the sacrifices they .
make for us , our families and our country , ' said ret .
master sergeant mark evans , founder of pizzas 4 patriots .
` as a former marine ,