a man and a woman are facing life behind bars after being found guilty of murdering a man they kicked , punched , stripped then left for dead in a skip after a drunken night out .
mick hunt , 37 , was attacked in the early hours of march 15 by fiona nalty and arry green in south norwood , south london .
after a trial at the old bailey they were found guilty of murder and will be sentenced tomorrow .
the trial heard nalty , 24 , started beating up mr hunt after he tried to chat her up and green , 22 , joined in because she was a girl , even though the victim remained passive throughout the vicious onslaught .
arry green -lrb- pictured left -rrb- and fiona nalty -lrb- right -rrb- beat mr hunt to within an inch of his life , then left him for dead .
later that morning , a member of the public found mr hunt in an alleyway , severely injured , naked , unconscious and barely breathing .
he died in hospital the same day .
prosecutor david jeremy qc said mr hunt had been drinking at the port manor pub where he was seen to be to be dancing and enjoying himself .
but the evening turned sour when he met the defendants at a nearby off-licence where one witness thought the victim had tried to ` chat up ' nalty , a possible trigger for the violence , mr jeremy said .
later , the victim tried to calm the defendants down when they became aggressive at a minicab office after a driver refused to take nalty home because she was drunk .
nalty began punching and pushing mr hunt around outside and green weighed in with a punch because he did not like the idea of the victim fighting a girl , even though he was not retaliating , the court heard .
green then suggested to nalty that they should go into a nearby alleyway to ` sort this out ' , the court heard .
mick hunt -lrb- pictured -rrb- was stripped naked and left for dead in a skip after the savage assault .
the attack was witnessed by a 15-year-old boy who saw nalty and green kicking mr hunt as he lay on the floor trying to protect himself and