by .
margot peppers .
published : .
13:16 est , 17 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:16 est , 17 april 2013 .
sheryl sandberg may be telling the women of the world to ` lean in ' , but , according to a new study , 32per cent would still prefer to give up their career and rely on their partner for money .
the poll - conducted by money-saving website couponcodes4u - asked 2,135 adult females in the u.s. with full-time jobs : ` would you prefer to work for a living , or be a `` lady of leisure '' and have your partner look after you financially ?
' while it found that the majority - 55per cent - would prefer to keep their careers , more than a third said they would rather be looked after by their other halves .
a step back for feminism ?
a study has found that 32per cent of women in the u.s. would prefer to rely on their partner for money rather than work for a living .
the remaining 13per cent of the women polled said they were unsure of their preference .
the results are in opposition to the feminist message in facebook coo sheryl sandberg 's best-seller , lean in : women , work , and the will to lead .
in the book , ms sandberg discusses workplace inequality and the strains - many of them self-imposed - put on working women who also want to have families .
she concludes that women must be more proactive in pursuing their ambitions in order to earn equality with men in the office .
mark pearson , chairman of couponcodes4u , said in a statement : ` being a lady of leisure has always had somewhat of a negative connotation in the states .
' nevertheless , 79per cent of the respondents - all of whom were in co-habiting relationships - said that they would not feel guilty about their lifestyle if they shunned their career and relied on their spouse .
the study also found that only 21per .
cent of women would continue to work if their partner paid for the .
majority of items and bills .
leaning back : the results are in opposition to the feminist message in facebook coo sheryl sandberg 's best-selling book lean in