by .
steve robson .
published : .
12:49 est , 23 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:03 est , 23 august 2013 .
` ghoulish ' : gareth kemp lived with the body of a dead pensioner for weeks so he could continue to steal from him .
a thief who lived with the body of a pensioner on his sofa for three weeks so he could continue to steal his life savings has been jailed .
gareth kemp , 40 , had befriended thomas hulme , 72 , who allowed him to live in his home in bolton , greater manchester , despite his drug addiction .
mr hulme also allowed kemp to use his cash card so he could buy him shopping , bolton crown court heard .
but when kemp found mr hulme dead on his living room couch , he chose not to tell the authorities and continued to use the card to feed his drug habit for weeks .
kemp was finally caught out when he appeared in court in connection with a separate offence and tried to throw a cash card to his girlfriend sitting in the public gallery .
suspicious court staff intervened and discovered it belonged to mr hulme .
they reported the matter to police .
detectives discovered that over four weeks kemp had drained almost all of mr hulme 's life savings totalling more than # 4,500 .
kemp admitted theft by false representation and was jailed for 20 months .
mr hulme 's death was finally reported on april 18 .
police said there were no suspicious circumstances but that he had likely been dead for around three weeks .
caught out : kemp was caught on cctv near to cash machines when the withdrawals were made from mr hulme 's account .
confession : when interviewed , kemp admitted to police that he had withdrawn all the money to buy drugs .
and during the investigation , police established that kemp had continued to live in mr hulme 's house during this time .
trust : mr hulme had allowed kemp to live at his home in bolton , pictured , despite his drug addiction .
bank records showed that mr hulme 's bank balance had gone from # 4,440.91 on march 11 to # 4.78 overdrawn on april 15 .
there were numerous