by .
damien gayle .
published : .
05:49 est , 18 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:16 est , 18 march 2013 .
a project to use the walls of city buildings to grow edible crops in vertical kitchen gardens is being launched in york today .
the owners of el piano , a restaurant in the historic city , hope to grow herbs and vegetables on the building 's exterior , fulfilling their sustainable aim of using locally grown food .
green walls have been in existence for centuries , traditionally training plants to grow up from the ground to cover a wall .
how the restaurant might look with its vertical kitchen garden : york restaurant el piano is today holding a public consultation for an ambitious project aimed at using the walls of urban buildings to grow herbs and vegetables .
but new systems developed over the last .
couple of years allow planting within containers directly fixed to .
walls , allowing more complex schemes to be considered , including edible .
crops .
liz chadwick , a spokesman for el piano , said the restaurant plans to make a variety of different dishes with .
all kinds of vegetables grown from the wall .
` we can grow all kinds of herbs and small crops to compliment our dishes and add that extra twist to them , ' she said .
green walls have existed for centuries , with gardeners traditionally training plants to grow up from the ground to cover a wall .
but new systems developed over the last couple of years allow planting within containers directly fixed to walls , allowing more complex schemes to be considered , including edible crops .
modular planted panels filled with compost are fixed directly to the exterior of the building , with a void between them and the brickwork to create a drainage layer .
careful research led the team behind the project to choose a non-hydroponic system , since that avoids any risk of water-borne bacteria , like lysteria , from entering the food chain .
a remote-controlled care system maintains the crops all year round .
ornamental plants will planted at the top of the garden , with perrenial herbs and aromatics throughout , and seasonal crops interspersed at the lower level .
` the wall is self-watering and