by .
ray massey .
published : .
18:53 est , 11 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
02:00 est , 12 june 2013 .
sting : emails showing how councils are delighted when there 's an increase in the number of parking fines dished out .
damning evidence of how councils use cctv cameras to ` sting ' motorists with unfair fines to raise extra cash is revealed today .
emails expose officials ' delight that rising numbers of traffic fines are being issued , with one saying : ` another record month , guys .
well done .
' hundreds of the documents were released to a motoring campaigner under the freedom of information act and will be screened tonight in an investigation by bbc1 's panorama .
they show how surveillance cameras are catching out cars performing u-turns and being stuck in box junctions as part of a ` target-based , revenue-raising culture ' .
the programme highlights britain 's most notorious yellow box junction , which has been dubbed ` the money box ' for raking in # 2.7 million a year by trapping and photographing up to 40,000 drivers before sending them a # 130 fine in the post .
motoring groups say such tactics ` verge on entrapment ' and fear they will spread across britain .
the programme obtained hundreds of emails between employees at the london borough of hammersmith & fulham which show staff being congratulated on increasing the number of fines .
among the comments in the emails are : ` another record month , guys .
well done ' ; ` another increase ... holidays , as expected , bring back the traffic ' ; ` another good month last month .
that 's despite the systems problems we had .
so well done to everyone .
' a note to the head of parking services about the council 's procurement of specialist ` close circuit tv equipment ' says : ` aim of project : to increase parking revenue -lrb- target : additional # 5m .
-rrb- ' the council said the email was from a management trainee temporarily seconded to the council and ` wrongly ' suggested the aim was to raise revenue .
other messages between traffic officials reveal dismay that not enough cash is being raised from traffic and parking fines .
big business