` sexting ' is now a criminal offence in victoria , with new laws introduced to target people who share sexually explicit images of another person .
from monday , anyone who maliciously or deliberately spreads intimate images of another person faces prosecution under two new offences .
the ban applies to intimate images of anyone under the age of 18 as well as images of adults without their consent .
those who illegally spread such images can be jailed for up to two years .
those who threaten to distribute them can be jailed for up to one year .
scroll down for video .
in september , a sydney pool cleaner peter sheather -lrb- pictured -rrb- become the first man in nsw to be found guilty of ` sexting ' after a judge jailed him for at least three years .
two new offences now apply in victoria , which could see people who send intimate images of anyone under the age of 18 or images of adults without their consent imprisoned for up to two years .
the two new offences apply to anyone who maliciously or deliberately spreads intimate images of another person .
in victoria , it is now banned to circulate intimate images of anyone under the age of 18 .
it is also illegal to send images of any person without their consent .
those who illegally spread such images can be jailed for up to two years .
if a person threatens to send these images , they could face up to a year in jail .
the new laws also introduce exceptions to child pornography offences so those under 18 will not be prosecuted or placed on the sex offenders ' register for consensual , non-exploitative sexting .
attorney-general robert clark said it was important the law kept up with changing technology .
` previously , the law provided only limited protection against malicious distribution of intimate images and this behaviour can cause considerable harm to victims , especially when images go viral , ' he said in a statement .
in september , a sydney pool cleaner become the first man in nsw to be found guilty of ` sexting ' after a judge jailed him for at least three years .
peter lewis sheather , 42 , appeared in the downing centre local court where he admitted to using