by .
lee moran .
published : .
11:16 est , 16 march 2012 .
| .
updated : .
11:18 est , 16 march 2012 .
deadly : the number of hiv cases in greece is on the rise , because more prostitutes are on the streets and needle exchange programmes have been scrapped -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
savage cuts to the greek health service have seen the country 's hiv and tuberculosis rates soar - sparking fears it is becoming a third world nation .
aid agencies said the cutting of hospital budgets by an astonishing 40 per cent had also led to a sharp rise in the number of citizens being diagnosed with malaria .
in the south , they said , it is reaching near endemic levels not seen since 1970s .
the scrapping of needle exchange services has seen the number of hiv and aids sufferers in central athens rise by 1,250 per cent in 2011 alone .
there are more prostitutes on the streets selling their bodies to make ends meet , while heroin addicts are finding it harder to come by anti-retroviral treatments .
there is also the first instances ever of the two illnesses being transmitted between mother and child - something usually equated with sub-saharan africa and not europe .
médecins sans frontières greece 's reveka papadopoulos said the health service cuts , which saw widespread job losses , were putting social services ` under very severe strain ' .
she added : ` if not in a state of breakdown .
what we are seeing are very clear indicators of a system that can not cope ' .
she said the 40 per cent cuts were on top of a 24 per cent increase in 2011 in demand for medical services .
this , .
she said , was ` largely because people could simply no longer afford .
private healthcare .
the entire system is deteriorating ' .
on the rise : the number of hiv and aids sufferers in greece is soaring .
she added : ` there has also been a .
sharp increase in cases of tuberculosis in the immigrant population .
` cases of nile fever - leading to 35 deaths in 2010 - and the .
reappearance of endemic malaria in several parts of greece .
` the .
simple fact of the