manny pacquiao used to regularly knock out amir khan in sparring , trainer freddie roach has revealed .
the two boxers both trained together at roach 's wild card gym in los angeles and khan would often end up on the mat as a result of pacquiao concussive one-punch power .
` manny frequently put amir on the floor , knocking him cold four or five times , ' roach revealed for the first time .
since those ko 's were inflicted with gloves more thickly padded than those used in actual fights and pacquiao is as fast as khan , roach also poured cold water over the idea of the pair meeting .
video scroll down to watch freddie roach : manny had khan down four times in training .
amir khan 's hopes of fighting floyd mayweather or manny pacquiao have been dismissed by freddie roach .
pacquiao trains at pedro antonio acharon sports complex on in general santos , philippines .
khan left freddie roach -lrb- right -rrb- for virgil hunter after losing his two world titles .
` there 's no point manny fighting amir .
the reality is that it 's no big fight , ' said roach , who will advise hall of fame promoter bob arum against taking pacquiao to london ` for a non-fight ' .
khan - who left roach to train with virgil hunter after losing his world titles in 2012 - will fight devon alexander in las vegas on december 7 .
the bolton man is hoping victory will then put him at the front of the queue to face floyd mayweather next year .
should mayweather again not take the fight , then khan has suggested pacman as an alternative opponent .
khan has been led to believe that beating devon alexander will give him his fight with mayweather .
pacquiao and chris algieri gear up for battle in macau in front of the glare of the world 's media .
video pacquiao ready to fight ` undefeated ' algieri .
but roach believes khan will end up disappointed on both counts as the mayweather fight will not happen .
roach said : ` it 's not going to happen .
floyd knows that amir 's speed would trouble him .
he is too careful with his choice of opponents to take that risk .
' pacquiao 's