after an assist and a goal for spain against macedonia on monday night , 21-year-old paco alcacer stepped up in the absence of the injured diego costa as la roja recovered from a poor 2014 world cup .
here , sportsmail finds out more about the young valencia frontman who has been quietly making a name for himself at the mestella .
so who is spain 's new striking sensation ?
he 's paco alcacer , valencia 's 21-year-old striker -- one start , one assist and one goal are his international stats so far .
talent : paco alcacer -lrb- left -rrb- celebrates his goal with david silva during spain 's 5-1 win against macedonia .
name sounds familiar ?
top european clubs have been looking at alcacer since 2010 when he top scored in the under-17 euros with six goals for spain .
he was free-scoring 16-year-old in valencia 's youth academy at the time .
he got 14 goals in total in that tournament including qualifying .
arsenal took a very close look towards the end of last season but valencia -- a selling club for so long but now under new ownership wanted to hang on to him .
was his step up to the spain first team predicted ?
he got three goals for the under-19s when they won the euros in rumania in 2011 , scoring twice in the final against the czech republic and a year later he repeated the feat scoring this time in the semi-final against france .
spain love promoting their under-21s so with villa retired and neither negredo or torres in the sort of form to earn them a recall his chance has come .
new boy : alcacer -lrb- right -rrb- could soon find himself in spain 's starting line-up more often .
thank you : alcacer points to the sky in celebration after volleying spain into a 2-0 lead .
but he has diego costa ahead of him still ?
in theory yes .
spain coach vicente del bosque has made costa his own personal project after persuading him to switch from brazil to spain .
but many see alcacer 's style as better suited to spain 's short passing game .
but he is not in costa 's league ?
we 'll he 's not even in the champions league .
he was farmed out to