by .
lawrence booth .
follow @@ the_topspin .
after 353 long days and 10 painful test matches without a win , alastair cook finally has a reason to smile again .
england 's captain , whose job has been under huge pressure after a terrible run of results , saw his team destroy india to level the five-match series 1-1 -- largely down to new hero moeen ali .
six wickets for ali , who has been derided as a part-time off-spinner , helped england triumph by 266 runs in the third investec test , a victory to relieve the pressure on cook .
video scroll down to see alastair cook and james anderson happy with test victory .
happy : alastair cook finally has reason to be cheerful again after victory over india .
new hero : moeen ali starred with bat and ball during the third test .
the only blot on england 's landscape is the assault charge against jimmy anderson which will be heard today and could lead to him being banned for up to four tests , meaning he is a doubt for next week 's match on his home ground at old trafford .
anderson , who was man of the match , is accused of ` abusing and pushing ' ravindra jadeja in the trent bridge pavilion during the first test .
but cook called for justice gordon lewis to clear anderson today , saying : ` i hope common sense prevails and we 'll see jimmy in his home test .
' anderson , sitting alongside cook , said : ` i want to play at old trafford but we 'll have to wait and see .
' india officials have been privately insisting video evidence exists of anderson 's contretemps with jadeja .
they say it will support captain ms dhoni 's claim that anderson overstepped the mark and got physical with india 's all-rounder .
the ecb say they are unaware of the video but hope their supporting cast of witnesses -- who include ben stokes and matt prior -- can persuade lewis to downgrade the charge from a level 3 offence .
india , hoping to overturn the fine levied on jadeja for his part in the incident -lrb- 50 per cent of his match fee , about # 3,500 -rrb- will be represented by dhoni , coach