a new drug being tested to treat cancer could help people affected by a common form of autism , scientists believe .
researchers have identified a chemical pathway that goes awry in the brains of ` fragile x ' patients .
they say the cancer drug could block the pathway and reverse their behavioural symptoms .
fragile x syndrome is the most common genetic cause of autism spectrum disorders .
scroll down for video .
a drug being tested to treat cancer could help people affected by fragile x , the most common form of inherited autism .
the drug blocks a rogue pathway in the brain that causes behavioural symptoms -lrb- file photo -rrb- .
it affects around one in 4,000 boys and one in 6,000 girls .
currently , there is no cure .
the team at edinburgh university and mcgill university in canada identified a key molecule - eif4e - that triggers excess protein production in the brains of fragile x patients .
this can cause behavioural symptoms that include learning difficulties .
it can also lead to more serious intellectual disabilities , delays in speech and language development and problems with social interactions .
they found that eif4e regulates the production of a specific enzyme , which breaks down and re-orders the connections between brain cells called synapses .
this disrupts communication between brain cells , leading to changes in behaviour .
the scientists have found that a naturally occurring chemical - called cercosporamide - improved sociability in mice with the condition .
treatment with cercosporamide blocks the activity of eif4e , and therefore reduces the amounts of the enzyme , and reverses the behavioural symptoms in mice with a version of fragile x syndrome .
cercosporamide is being tested as a treatment for lung cancer and acute myeloid leukemia .
the new findings suggest that it could also have a use as a treatment for patients with fragile x syndrome .
` our findings open the door to targeted treatments for fragile x syndrome , ' said dr christos gkogkas , of edinburgh university , who carried out the research -lrb- file photo -rrb- .
dr christos gkogkas , of edinburgh university , said : ` our findings open the door to targeted treatments for fragile x syndrome .
` by designing treatments that block just this pathway , it is hoped that we can