jason deller is likely to be questioned further by police over the violent behaviour towards his two young children while at a suburban cafe in queensland .
an aspiring queensland politician caught on camera pouring a jug of cold water over his baby son before slapping another child in the head , may not get off scot free after all , with police confirming to daily mail australia that the incident was ` definitely under review ' .
and just moments after the police revelation , an emotional jason deller announced he would withdraw from the election .
the violent and bizarre behaviour by the former independent candidate , took place inside a cafe in the suburb of buddina , in full view of other patrons .
but , despite reports to the contrary earlier , it was confirmed on friday afternoon by the child protection investigation unit that even though the issue ` is quite political at the moment , it is definitely under review ' .
the confronting cctv footage shows mr deller pouring water from a jug over his baby boy 's head and then slap his toddler son across the front of the head , before pulling the baby out of the high chair and storming out of the eatery on sunday morning .
following the shocking incident , there was a backlash against the aspiring politician social media ; including comments like ` qld police have some serious explaining to do as to why he was n't charged ?
this is clear child abuse ' and ` yeah , people do smack their kids , i know it 's seen as wrong these days .
. but over the head ?! look how young his son is .
. ' the father-of-four and award-winning engineer succumbed to the intense public pressure and announced he would withdraw from saturday 's ballot , saying ' i am completely devastated about how the event has been presented in public ' .
scroll down for videos .
the father-of-four is caught on camera pouring cold water from a jug on his baby son 's head at a cafe last sunday morning .
the incident is ` definitely under review ' according to police .
the one-time queensland independent candidate then raises his hand to slap his toddler son across the head .
the child is smacked so hard that