a billion-dollar class-action lawsuit against apple is expected to continue after a 65-year-old massachusetts business consultant read about the plaintiffs ' floundering case online and volunteered to represent consumers in the suit .
a federal judge said she was tentatively satisfied with a proposal to add barbara bennett the new named plaintiff in the lawsuit over apple 's itunes software and the price of its ipods .
the case actually started with three plaintiffs suing apple nearly 10 years ago , but two of them withdrew and the judge disqualified the last one , marianna rosen , on monday amid indications that rosen did n't herself purchase any of the affected ipods during the time frame covered by the suit .
` we were very scared ' : video testimony from steve jobs recorded months before his death was today shown in court as apple is accused of abusing its monopoly position in the digital music player market .
earlier this week , lawyers claimed it had deliberately deleted rivals ' song from ipods from 2007 to 2009 .
but , the tech giant has challenged the suit after presenting evidence suggesting the plaintiffs ' models of ipod may be invalid .
apple is accused of abusing its monopoly position in the digital music player market , and only earlier this week lawyers claimed the firm deliberately deleted rivals ' song from ipods .
the case went to trial in california this month , after being filed a decade ago .
plaintiffs are claiming that apple 's restrictive software froze out competitors and allowed apple to sell ipods at inflated prices .
they are seeking $ 350 million -lrb- # 224m -rrb- in damages , which could be tripled if the jury finds apple broke federal anti-trust law .
apple stopped using the particular software in question in 2009 , which means the lawsuit only covers ipod models bought between september 2006 and march 2009 .
earlier in the trial , the prosecution told the court that apple deleted songs from ipods that had been bought from rival music stores .
each time an apple user with non-itunes music tried to sync their devices , between 2007 and 2009 , the tech firm urged them to restore the players to factory settings .
and the lawyers claimed this was a deliberate move to wipe the rival files , and cause