by .
meghan keneally .
published : .
11:11 est , 27 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:23 est , 27 september 2013 .
the vegan strip club where cory booker 's twitter friend works has jumped on their new-found publicity by adding a new sandwich to their menu .
casa diablo has added the veggie ` booker burger ' to their menu of meat-free offerings , noting how they add extra mayo to the sandwich ` since he 's the ` mayo ' - r of newark ' .
the newfound connection between booker , who is running to fill new jersey 's empty senate seat , and the unique strip club on the other side of the country in portland , oregon was revealed when buzzfeed released the private conversation between the 44-year-old democrat and a stripper .
raising her profile : lynsie lee -lrb- left -rrb- released a screen shot of the private exchanges she had with newark mayor cory booker -lrb- right -rrb- and now her strip club has named a sandwich in his honor .
the woman , lynsie lee , sent the site a screen grab of their virtual flirtations on wednesday and both parties have been downplaying their relationship as innocent .
that has n't stopped the strip club from seizing the opportunity to cash in on the publicity .
the new york post reports that the dinner special listed outside the club on thursday read ` booker burger , with a side of lynsie lee thighs !
' the vegan approach to adult entertainment means that the performers and patrons are asked not to wear fur , leather , or any animal products inside or on stage .
the rest of their menu is similarly tongue-in-cheek as they sell ` drunk bread ' which is described as ` whatever bread we have toasted into garlic bread because you 're drunk & need cheap food ' .
unique : johnny diablo zukle is the owner of the vegan strip club where lee works .
rules : though lee is not a vegan herself , the strip club takes an ethical stance against animal abuse .
johnny diablo , the owner of the strip club , was not the only one who knew that business would be booming following the political publicity .
` if you come to see me at