by .
laura clark , education correspondent .
published : .
18:46 est , 16 july 2012 .
| .
updated : .
01:30 est , 17 july 2012 .
takeaways can contain more than three times the amount of salt an adult should eat in an entire day .
pizzas and chinese food had the highest levels , in a survey of 215 independent food outlets .
researchers from liverpool john moores university described the levels as ` alarmingly high ' .
high salt levels : takeaways can contain more than three times the amount of salt an adult should eat in an entire day .
pizzas and chinese food had the highest levels , in a survey of 215 independent food outlets .
nhs guidelines recommend adults should eat no more than six grams of salt a day -- around a teaspoon .
but the survey found pizzas had the highest salt content with an average of 9.45 grams .
chinese had an average of 8.1 grams , followed by kebabs with 6.2 grams , indian with 4.7 grams and english with 2.2 grams .
the average pepperoni pizza meal had .
12.94 grams of salt , followed by seafood pizza with an average 11 grams , .
and margherita at 8.8 grams .
ham and pineapple had the lowest , 7.7 .
grams .
` the present study is one of the first designed to evaluate the salt content in hot takeaway meals and obtained results show that salt concentration in these kinds of food is alarmingly high , ' the researchers told the journal appetite .
` as voluntary guidelines regarding salt reduction do not result in adequate changes , some statutory regulation to lower salt in takeaway foods should be considered .
' ` to enable the uk population to meet the .
recommended daily salt intake a significant reduction in the salt .
content of hot takeaway meals should be considered .
' unhealthy : english food came out with the lowest amounts of salt - chicken and chips , two grams , and fish and chips three grams .
the researchers said that a change in the law may be needed to make pizza outlets , kebab shops other small fast food outlets produce healthier meals .
there has been growing health concerns over the levels of salt in food .
it has