a four-year-old little boy rescued a three-year-old girl from drowning by pushing her up above the water in the deep end of a fort worth , texas , pool on august 6 .
but the daring rescue proved to be too much for xander vento , who became tired and sunk down to the bottom of the woodland springs development pool .
xander slipped into a coma shortly after being pulled out of the pool and yesterday , his family made the difficult decision to take him off life support .
he passed away today .
scroll down for video .
tragedy : the daring rescue proved to be too much for xander vento , who became tired and sunk down to the bottom of the woodland springs development pool .
a medstar spokesman told khou that xander had rushed to help a three-year-old girl who was struggling in the deep end .
xander supported the girl above the water until she could get to safety , but he slipped under after he became exhausted .
the girl was found to be in fair condition .
paramedics that reached xander at the bottom of the pool said he lapsed into a coma shortly after .
he was rushed to cook children 's medical center where he was put on life support .
his mother was at the pool during the incident , though it is unclear if there was a lifeguard on duty .
three days later , his parents misty and cris vento decided to take him off .
` we have made the extremely difficult decision to remove our precious son xander from life support , ' they said in a statement .
heartbreak : xander slipped into a coma shortly after being pulled up from the water and yesterday , his family made the difficult decision to take him off life support .
he passed away today .
mother : his parents misty , pictured , and cris vento have decided to donate his organs to save other children .
` we in some way hope our son 's life serves as an inspiration .
he was the angel in the pool who sacrificed himself to save another .
' they said that they plan on donating his organs to save more children .
` we in some way hope our son 's life .
serves as