by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
09:21 est , 31 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
12:18 est , 31 january 2014 .
medical reports have revealed that veterans affairs doctors were fooled for years by aaron alexis , the gunman who killed 12 people in last yearâ $ ™ s rampage at washingtonâ $ ™ s navy yard .
the records show that he lied so convincingly to those treating him that they concluded he had no mental health issues despite serious problems and encounters with police during the same period .
just weeks before the shootings , a doctor treating him for insomnia noted that the patient worked for the defense department but wrote hauntingly ` no problem there .
' more than 100 pages of treatment and disability claims evaluation records for aaron alexis , spanning more than two years have now been revealed .
they show alexis complaining of minor physical ailments , including foot and knee injuries , slight hearing loss and later insomnia , but resolutely denying any mental health issues .
scroll down for video .
attack : aaron alexis went on a shooting spree in washington 's navy yard on september 16 and had security clearance to access the buildings because he worked as a consultant for the defense department .
he directly denied having suicidal or homicidal thoughts when government doctors asked him about it just three weeks before the shootings .
in a bizarre incident in newport , r.i. , alexis told police on august 7 that disembodied voices were harassing him at his hotel using a microwave machine to prevent him from sleeping .
after police reported the incident to the navy , his employer , a defense contracting company , pulled his access to classified material for two days after his mental health problems became evident but restored it quickly and never told navy officials it had done so .
just 16 days later , after alexis told a va emergency room doctor in providence that he could n't sleep , the doctor wrote that his speech and thoughts seemed ` clear and focused ' and noted that he ` denies flashbacks , denies recent stress .
' liar : the medical records showed that alexis answered ` no ' when asked , ` do you have anything that could be considered a