the gap in bachelor-degree attainment between the nation 's richest and poorest students by age 24 has doubled during the last four decades , according to a report released on tuesday .
the percentage of students from the lowest-income families -- those making $ 34,160 a year or less -- earning a bachelor 's degree has inched up just 3 points since 1970 , rising from 6 to 9 percent by 2013 .
meanwhile , college completion for students from the wealthiest families has risen dramatically , climbing from 44 to 77 percent .
` it 's really quite amazing how big the differences have become between those from the highest and lowest family incomes , ' said laura perna , a university of pennsylvania professor and executive director of the alliance for higher education and democracy , one of the two organizations that published the study examining college costs and degree attainment .
wealth divide : college completion for students from the wealthiest families , many of whom who attend ivy league universities like upenn -lrb- pictured -rrb- , has risen dramatically , climbing from 44 to 77 percent .
the study comes amid renewed debate on college affordability spurred by president barack obama 's proposal to make two years of college free .
if adopted in every state , the proposal would benefit a projected 9 million students each year .
it would cost taxpayers an estimated $ 60 billion over 10 years -- a price the republican-controlled congress is likely to be hesitant to embrace .
among the report 's other findings : the percentage of students from all income levels enrolling in college has increased , shrinking the gap in enrollment between rich and poor ` somewhat ' during the last four decades .
there was a 46-point gap between the two groups in 1970 , compared with a 36-point gap in 2012 .
but completion gaps are growing : while 99 percent of students entering college from the highest-income families -- those making $ 108,650 or more a year -- graduate by 24 , just 21 percent of students from the lowest-income families finish by that age .
perna said there are a number of factors contributing to the widening divide , including access to the information and support needed to enter college and graduate ; college readiness ; and the availability of higher education