by .
daniel mills .
golden girls of australian swimming cate and bronte campbell have led an inspiring one , two , three finish in the 100m women 's freestyle at the commonwealth games .
less than .18 seconds separated cate and sister bronte in a nail-biting finish which almost saw bronte pull-off one of the great 50m comebacks to haul in her much fancied rival .
cate was cruising at the 50m turn , almost half a second under the world record , but faded over the last 25m as bronte stormed home to almost pull off an incredible last-gasp upset .
cate campbell , right , and sister bronte finish first and second on the women 's 100m freestyle at the commonwealth games .
sister act : it was a nail-biting finish to the end with just .18 s in it when both girls touched the wall .
the campbell sisters celebrates with emma mckeon during the medal ceremony after the women 's 100m freestyle final .
australian gold medalist emma mckeon came home third in a time of 53.61 to complete the rout .
bronte finished in 52.86 and cate , on her way to swimming a commonwealth games record , finished in 52.68 .
-lsb- caption .
in a graceful display of sportsmanship cate invited both her sister and and mckeown to the top podium to sing the national anthem just a day after annette edmondson did after defeating teammate anna meares in the cycling pursuit .
it was the second australian clean sweep in the pool overnight with brett larkin beating compatriots josh beaver and matson lawson in the men 's 200m backstroke .
the campbell battle topped-off an incredible night for australia which included another podium clean sweep , this time in the men 's 200m backstroke .
brisbane backstroker mitch larkin looks likely to finish as australia 's most successful individual swimmer of the meet after winning the 200m backstroke in a time of 1:55.83 .
larkin 's gold was the first since 1974 that an australian had won the games ' event , finishining ahead of australian josh beaver -lrb- 1:56.19 -rrb- and matson lawson -lrb- 1:56.63 -rrb- in the bronze spot .
australia 's other two gold medals came in shooting with warren potent taking out the 50m rifle prone competition and laetisha scanlan winning the women 's trap .
australia