by .
mark prigg .
it has become a common problem on twitter - during major sports events or tv shows , your feed can become overwhelmed with updates from over enthusiastic friends tweeting incessantly .
twitter today launched a solution - a mute button for users .
available to all users from today , the feature can mute irritating or boring tweets temporarily , rather than blocking the account completely .
reports emerged today twitter is also trialling a mute option on its apps .
users said they spotted the feature on ios and android devices as well as tweetdeck , pictured .
the tool lets people silence users temporarily , but does not block them from sending notifications and direct messages .
on twitter , any user can be blocked .
this means the blocked user ca n't see the tweets of the person who has blocked them , and ca n't send them replies or direct messages .
with the mute button , users can be effectively hidden temporarily .
muting a user on twitter means their tweets and retweets will no longer be visible in your home timeline , and you will no longer receive push or sms notifications from that user .
to mute a user from a tweet on your ios or android device or on twitter for web tap more and then mute @username .
to mute someone from their profile page , tap the gear icon on the page and choose mute @username .
` today we 're beginning to introduce a new account feature called mute to people who use our iphone and android apps and twitter.com , ' the firm said .
` mute gives you even more control over the content you see on twitter by letting you remove a user 's content from key parts of your twitter experience .
' muting a user on twitter means their tweets and retweets will no longer be visible in your home timeline , and you will no longer receive push or sms notifications from that user .
` in the same way you can turn on device notifications so you never miss a tweet from your favorite users , you can now mute users you 'd like to hear from less , ' twitter promised .
the muted user will still be able to fave , reply to , and