the queen has appeared in public for the first time since arriving at sandringham for her traditional christmas break .
the monarch , who was accompanied by the duke of edinburgh , was greeted by cheering locals as she arrived for a sunday service at the tiny church of st mary magdalene in sandringham village .
despite the frosty temperatures , the queen , who was elegant in a raspberry pink coat and matching hat , appeared to be in good spirits and beamed broadly as she strode into the church .
radiant : the queen greets locals as she arrives at the church of st mary magdalene in sandringham .
traditional : her majesty was accompanied by the duke of edinburgh for the trip to the church .
the duke of edinburgh also looked well and there was no trace of the health scares that have plagued the 92-year-old royal this year .
sandringham is within walking distance from the quaint building , although the 87-year-old monarch and her husband were driven the short distance in a range rover instead .
the parish church of st mary magdalene has become a familiar sight during the last century thanks to its proximity to sandringham .
on the 25th , the small church will play host to all of the senior royals , including prince george , when the royal family attend the traditional christmas service .
christmas at sandringham has become a royal tradition over the last century , with queen victoria becoming the first monarch to spend december 25th in residence .
holiday : the queen arrived at sandringham last week and will remain in residence until february .
affable : the duke of edinburgh chatted happily with well-wishers ahead of the service at the church .
all of the senior royals , including prince harry and the duke and duchess of cambridge , are expected to arrive at the private home within the next few days .
prince charles and the duchess of cornwall are expected to arrive on christmas eve , just in time for tea and present opening at four .
the 20,000 acre estate will also play host to the newly-christened prince george 's first christmas and will be the first time that four monarchs , present and future , have holidayed together since the victorian period .
on christmas eve , the royal family