plants use a newly discovered ` language ' to ` speak ' to each other , research has revealed .
the finding opens the door to a new area of science that explores how plants communicate with each other on a molecular level .
it could also give scientists new insights into how to fight parasitic weeds that devastate food crops in some of the poorest parts of the world .
plants use a newly discovered ` language ' to ` speak ' to each other , research has revealed .
they studied the molecular communication between a parasitic plant called dodder , and two host plants , arabidopsis -lrb- pictured left -rrb- and tomatoes -lrb- pictured right -rrb- .
professor westwood , an expert in plant pathology , physiology and weed science at virginia tech , said : ` the discovery of this novel form of inter-organism communication shows that this is happening a lot more than any one has previously realised .
` now that we have found that they are sharing all this information , the next question is , `` what exactly are they telling each other ?
'' ' professor westwood examined the relationship between a parasitic plant called dodder , and two host plants , arabidopsis and tomatoes .
in order to suck the moisture and nutrients out of the host plants , dodder uses a root-like appendage called a haustorium to penetrate the plant .
professor westwood has previously discovered that during this parasitic interaction , there is a transport of rna between the two species .
the research could give scientists new insights into how to fight parasitic weeds that devastate food crops in some of the poorest parts of the world and in extreme cases lead to famine -lrb- illustrated with a stock image -rrb- .
ribonucleic acid -lrb- rna -rrb- is a family of large biological molecules that code and decode information passed down from its dna .
his new work expands the scope of this exchange and examines the mrna , or messenger rna , which sends messages within cells telling them which actions to take , such as which proteins to code .
professor westwood has previously discovered that during this parasitic interaction , there is a transport of rna -lrb- illustrated -rrb- between two species .
it was thought that mrna was very fragile and short-lived ,