if they did n't know it already , jose mourinho has issued a gentle warning to chelsea 's next generation of exciting starlets that he can not absorb them all into his first-team squad .
' i can not have a squad of 10 men and 10 kids , ' said mourinho , as his club prepare for their fourth successive fa youth cup final , at manchester city .
ask around about youth development and most experts feel chelsea are getting it right at academy level .
jose mourinho has issued a gentle warning to chelsea 's next generation that he can not use them all at once .
chelsea captain isiah brown celebrates with the trophy after victory in the uefa youth league final .
ruben loftus-cheek has been part of the the first-team at chelsea and is set to get his chance next season .
the under 19s won the uefa youth league last week and the under 18s will attempt to defend the youth cup against manchester city , another club working hard with some signs of success in this area .
neither of them , however , has quite solved the problem of bridging the final void , converting this prized talent into first-team footballers .
john terry was the last at chelsea , but one or two of this crop are considered to have a genuine chance and mourinho has promised 19-year-old ruben loftus-cheek his opportunity next season .
` next season , ruben will not be a kid in the development process , ' said mourinho .
` he will be a first-team player , absolutely ready to play and compete .
and we will do the same with two or three or four players .
` some of the older ones will go on loan to play every game in the championship or the premier league , even abroad .
and we will bring some of the younger ones into the process .
but to have them all at the same time in the first-team squad is hard .
' i can not have a squad of 10 men and 10 kids .
i must have a squad like we have now of 16 or 17 seniors and three or four kids .
' john terry was the last truly successful youth product at chelsea and he has gone on to become