leaders of the so-called islamic state insurgency and al qaeda 's offshoot in syria have agreed a truce and a plan to wipe out western-backed rebels in the country , it is claimed .
islamic state and jabhat al-nusra have until now fought a bitter internecine war for supremacy in the rebellion against the regime of syrian president bashar assad .
but a high-level syrian opposition official and a rebel commander have told the associated press that they 've learned of a deal between the factions to join forces against western-backed groups .
islamic state fighters parade in raqqa , syria : leaders of islamic state and al qaeda-linked rivals jabhat al-nusra have reportedly agreed to join forces to wipe out western-backed rebels in war-torn syria .
still alive ?
islamic state leader abu bakr al-baghdadi , who had been reportedly killed in a u.s. airstrike , apparently speaks in an audio message released by the group to supporters this week .
it comes as an audio message by islamic state leader abu bakr al-baghdadi was released urging supporters to unlease a ` volcano of jihad ' on opponents - and seemingly disproving claims he had been killed in a u.s. airstrike .
lacing his speech with religious phrases , the voice believed to belong to baghdadi describes jihad as ` the peak of islam ' and said those who do not fight non-believers will suffer ` painful torment .
militant leaders from islamic state and jabhat al-nusra gathered at a farmhouse in northern syria last week , opposition officials told the associated press .
their new agreement , according to the sources in rebel groups opposed to both is and nusra front , would involve a promise to stop fighting and team up in attacks in some areas of northern syria .
ap reported last month on signs that the two groups appear to have curtailed their feud with informal local truces .
any accord could present major difficulties for washington 's strategy against the islamic state insurgency .
while warplanes from a u.s.-led coalition strike militants from the air , the obama administration has counted on arming ` moderate ' rebel factions to push them back on the ground .
those rebels , already considered relatively weak and disorganised , would face far stronger opposition if the two heavy-hitting militant groups now are working together .
al qaeda-linked