a mother left devastated by the death of her grown-up son 10 years ago has had another baby - aged 60 .
galina hrustaev gave birth to little cleopatra by cesarean section at the filatov hospital in the russian capital moscow , and has since been proudly been showing off the little girl on social media .
but she has so far refused to say whether she had any help conceiving - despite the fact there has only been one recorded case of a woman getting pregnant naturally over the aged of 60 .
record : galina , seen here with husband alexey and baby cleopatra , is thought to be russia 's oldest mother .
galina 's motivation to have another child was sparked by the tragic loss of her son a decade ago .
her husband alexey , meanwhile , has a 27-year-old daughter from his first marriage .
` the main thing is that i tragically lost my son of 29 years from my first marriage just when he was in the prime of life , ' she revealed .
` afterwards i felt an incredible desire to have another child , even though it was so late in life , and i have now fulfilled that desire .
' galina , who did not say how her son had died , said that she was now devoting all of her efforts to spending time with cleopatra , who was born weighing just over six pounds .
alexey told russian media they were both delighted with the new arrival - and others seem to be just as happy .
her close friend faina sukhorukova posted on her facebook page : ' i know that you always said you wanted another baby , but i never knew that you really meant it .
` i 've always admired your determination , congratulations .
i know you will be a perfect mother .
' normal : cleopatra was born by cesarean section weighing just over six pounds at full term .
natural ?
: the couple have so far refused to reveal whether or not they used ivf to conceive the child .
it is thought galina may be the oldest woman in russia to ever give birth .
however , the oldest woman in the world to give birth was omkari singh , who gave birth to twins