by .
nick pisa .
last updated at 5:20 pm on 1st march 2012 .
a furious italian son has uploaded footage of his mother being violently mugged by two thugs and offered a 2,000 euro reward for information .
the shocking footage became an overnight sensation after it was posted on youtube , and attracted more than 30,000 hits within 24 hours before being picked up by italian news sites and broadcast on tv .
in the dramatic scenes a woman is seen walking down a quiet street when a black car pulls up behind her .
one yob jumps out and tries to grab her handbag , before being joined by an accomplice who makes a cowardly attempt to kick and slap her before jumping back into the passenger seat .
scroll down for video .
violent attack : the cctv footage shows the woman walking down a suburban street , before being set upon by yobs who grab her handbag and try to kick and slap her .
fighting back : having lost her handbag to the muggers , the woman kicks at their car , frantically grabbing at the open windscreen - but the thieves escape with her possessions .
the woman eventually loses the struggle but does not give up and starts to kick and punch the car , frantically grabbing at the open windscreen before it drives off , leaving her distressed and upset in the street .
the film was shot on a cctv camera in a sidestreet of frattamaggiore , a suburb of the crime-ridden southern italian port city of naples .
it was posted by giuseppe munciguerra after he was sent it by his father - who went to help his wife when she called and told him of her ordeal .
in the text below the film which he uploaded on you tube , giuseppe wrote : ` here 's a robbery that took place on 28 february 2012 , in frattamaggiore , naples .
` if you know one of these two robbers -lrb- two idiots -rrb- please let me know so that i can teach them how to punch someone .
that woman is my mother and it really angered me to see how they lashed out at a defenceless person .
` they actually risked getting a good thumping from her .
how embarrassing .
if anyone