by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
01:31 est , 26 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
04:28 est , 26 june 2012 .
stressful events such as moving house or the death of a loved one could lead people to develop dementia , researchers have suggested .
experts have been investigating the role stress plays in causing alzheimer 's , and claim that certain ` traumatic experiences ' are factors in developing the condition .
the study , being led by professor clive holmes at the university of southampton , will monitor 140 people aged over 50 with mild cognitive impairment during an 18-month period .
traumatic experiences such as the death of a loved one or moving house could develop alzheimers , experts have claimed .
the participants will be assessed for levels of stress and any progression from mild cognitive impairment to dementia .
about 60 per cent of people with mild cognitive impairment are known to go on to develop alzheimer 's .
prof holmes said : ` all of us go through stressful events .
we are looking to understand how these may become a risk factor for the development of alzheimer 's .
moving house could be ' a potential factor ' in causing alzheimers .
` something such as bereavement or a traumatic experience - possibly even moving home - is also a potential factor .
` this is the first stage in developing ways in which to intervene with psychological or drug-based treatments to fight the disease .
` we are looking at two aspects of stress relief - physical and psychological - and the body 's response to that experience .
' the study is part of a # 1.5 million .
package of six grants being given by the charity to find the cause of .
the disease , a cure and a way to prevent it .
alzheimer 's .
society research manager anne corbett said : ` the study will look at the .
role chronic stress plays in the progression from mild thinking and .
memory problems - mild cognitive impairment - to alzheimer 's disease .
` we .
feel this is a really important area of research that needs more .
attention .
the results could offer clues to new treatments or better .
ways of managing the condition .
`