billions of pounds of british aid money is languishing unspent in the bank , mps warn today .
in a highly critical report , the commons international development committee says ministers wrote out huge cheques to a series of major aid agencies like the world bank as they scrambled to meet david cameron 's controversial target to spend billions more on aid .
but although the money has been promised , and counts towards meeting the uk 's aid target , much of it will not be spent for years .
disaster : villagers clean up their destroyed homes after it was hit by cyclone pam on tanna island in vanuatu last week .
today 's report estimates that at least # 2.1 billion of ` aid ' money is currently sitting in the bank unspent .
it warns that ministers have become ` increasingly reliant ' on multilateral organisations like the world bank as they try to get billions more pounds of aid money out of the door .
this type of spending was increased by 43 per cent over the previous year as the department rushed to hit mr cameron 's target of spending 0.7 per cent of britain 's income on aid .
targets : david cameron has a target of spending 0.7 % of britain 's income on aid .
in a further criticism of the aid target , mps say it distorts spending towards the end of the year -- meaning that victims of natural disasters in the autumn are much more likely to get aid from britain than those who are hit by catastrophe in the spring .
the department for international development -lrb- dfid -rrb- gave # 6.3 billion to so-called multilateral aid agencies in 2013 -- roughly 63 per cent of its budget .
today 's report says mps are ` concerned by dfid 's extensive use of multilateral organisations to achieve this growth -lrb- in spending -rrb- .
due to the way this is accounted for , some of this money will not be spent for a number of years .
' a dfid spokesman last night defended the department 's spending .
the spokesman said : ` we fund multilaterals when they are the best partners to work with us to deliver our objectives , whether that be in a humanitarian crisis , natural disaster or on a specific topic