it 's always the same when you find a good place to eat -- the word gets around and crowds move in .
these spectacular shots show the incredible agility of gannets -- both in the air and underwater -- as they go in search of a meal off the shetland island of unst .
they lived up to their gluttonous name as hundreds plunged into the sea to spear fish -- even tearing a catch from their rivals ' beaks during the scramble for food .
food fight : gannets battle for a meal in the cold north sea waters off the coast of the shetland isles .
dive !
dive !
dive !
these pictures taken just off unst show the birds ' incredible agility beneath the waves .
hungry : they lived up to their gluttonous name as hundreds plunged into the sea to spear fish .
competition : they are not averse to even tearing a catch from their rivals ' beaks during the scramble for food .
fish suppers : the huge group gathered as they hunted for schools of mackerel and herring in the icy waters .
expert timing : a gannet swoops in to seize a hapless fish just beneath the waves on this grey day .
difficult work : photographer and ecologist richard shucksmith , who braved being divebombed underwater as he took the images , said the birds hit the surface with such force he almost lost concentration .
the huge group gathered as they hunted for mackerel and herring -- before returning to the sea cliffs to feed their young .
photographer and ecologist richard shucksmith , who braved being divebombed underwater as he took the images , said the birds hit the surface with such force he almost lost concentration .
the 41-year-old , who was the overall winner of british wildlife photography awards in 2011 and lives in shetland , also braved hanging off steep cliffs to get action shots .
feeding frenzy : thousands of birds swarm over the area of sea where the fish have been spotted .
mine !
mine !
mine !
three birds battle over a single fish as demand for a snack heats up the cold sea .
providers : after snatching up fish from the turbulent sea , the gannets flew back to nearby cliffs .
family life : they offered