carl froch is in line to meet bernard hopkins in the legendary american 's landmark first fight at the age of 50 .
the hold up in plans for the nottingham cobra to face julio cesar chavez jnr in las vegas has raised the lucrative alternative of a summer world title fight between froch and hopkins .
froch , already frustrated by legal issues repeatedly delaying the finalising of contracts with chavez , has sustained a minor elbow injury which would have affected his preparations for the scheduled date of march 28 .
carl froch is in line to take on 50-year-old american legend bernard hopkins this year .
froch wants to fulfil one of his dreams by fighting either at the city ground or in las vegas .
that comes just as hopkins has confirmed his intention of ` at least one more fight ' following his 50th birthday last thursday .
the recently dethroned world light-heavyweight champion has also advised golden boy promotions , in whom he is a shareholder , that he is ` ready to come down to super-middleweight ' for what he calls ` a massive , hugely exciting fight with froch .
' the options under froch 's consideration are nottingham forest 's city ground in june or the mgm grand garden arena in vegas in middle to late april .
either would fulfil one of froch 's long-standing ambitions -- boxing before a huge crowd in his beloved forest 's city ground or bringing his career to a climax in the fight capital of the world .
the choice would probably rest upon whether it would go on late enough at night in nottingham -- like 3 or 4am -- to meet the schedule of the pay-per-view tv networks in america .
hopkins has passed 50 but is showing no signs of slowing down and wants ` at least one more fight ' froch is coming off the back of two wins over english rival george groves .
the vegas dream was the motivation for seeking the fight with chavez .
however , negotiations with the same-name son of the iconic mexican fighter have been deeply complicated by his contractual dispute with bob arum , his hall of fame promoter .
arum is highly likely to take legal action in defence of his conviction that chavez owes him one more fight .
he