by .
laura cox .
published : .
19:17 est , 10 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:01 est , 11 january 2013 .
it nearly did n't make it on to our screens because tv bosses feared a drama about the grim realities of midwifery in the 1950s would be , well , too grim .
so it 's all the more remarkable that bbc1 's call the midwife has not only enjoyed record-breaking viewing figures , but also inspired a new generation of midwives .
despite the show 's realistic birth scenes -- made all the more gritty thanks to the advice of an on-set midwife -- applications for midwifery courses have soared since the show first aired last year .
surge : the popularity of call the midwife , the show which has made actress miranda hart a household name , has seen applications for midwifery courses soar .
ucas , the official university and college applications body , said there was a 16.5 per cent rise in midwifery applications last year , with universities around the uk reporting a similar trend .
cardiff university saw a 24 per cent increase in applications for its courses for 2012/13 , while anglia ruskin university in cambridgeshire has seen an 11.6 per cent rise for students wishing to enrol in september 2013 , compared with last year .
senior lecturer in midwifery at anglia ruskin , frances galloway , said the programme , which stars miranda hart and jenny agutter , was often mentioned on application forms for her course .
she added : ` call the midwife has helped to highlight the profession of midwifery and bring it to the fore in a way that it had n't been previously .
` it has made people more open to considering it as a career in its own entity not just as a part of nursing .
and it is its own career so that is very important .
' gail johnson , professional adviser for education at the royal college of midwives , said the programme gave people the chance to consider entering the career , adding : ` the programme portrays the midwives working in the community , right at the heart of families .
' gritty : the show follows the lives of midwives in 1950s east london and features realistic birth scenes