a multi-millionaire internet tycoon is facing jail for rubbing his groin against a female tube passenger and travelling back and forth on the underground while gazing at women 's bottoms .
stefan glaenzer , the former chairman of music streaming site last.fm , was spotted staring at two commuters as they waited to board a central line train at oxford circus station .
german-born glaenzer , 51 , got off the train one stop later at bond street and .
then travelled back to oxford circus , all the while standing behind women on .
the train and platforms .
` mr glaenzer was standing unnecessarily close to one female , looking down at her back , ' said prosecutor robert short .
on a second trip to bond street , glaenzer was seen by plain clothes officers standing close to another woman on the packed train .
they looked on as he thrust his groin against her backside .
glaenzer , founder of technology hub white bear yard in clerkenwell , admitted sexually assaulting the woman , who can not be named , at westminster magistrates ' court .
he claimed he was on a drugs binge at the time of the incident , last august 8 .
` he does not come to offer excuses for his actions , but simply to bring to the court 's attention that this matter happened in fact he had taken cannabis ' , said sallie bennett-jenkins qc , defending .
` this conviction has devastated him personally and professionally .
` he has lost his good character that he has maintained for his entire life .
' she added : ` he has smoked drugs for some considerable time , but has never experienced anything like this .
` devastated ' : the father of three immediately confessed to his wife and has promised to address his drug habit , westminster magistrates ' court was told .
` he has committed this offence while under the influence of an intoxicating substance , and he simply ca n't believe what has happened .
' glaenzer , a father of three , immediately confessed to his wife and has promised to take steps to address his drug habit , the court heard .
he asked to be sentenced immediately with a fine , but magistrate jessica baldwin asked for a pre-sentence report to