royal course renamed golden jubilee stakes as diamond jubilee stakes in her honour .
by .
deborah arthurs .
published : .
06:05 est , 19 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
04:50 est , 20 june 2012 .
the queen arrived for royal ascot today amid all the pomp and pageantry expected at the first day of the world-famous race meet .
as befits royal tradition dating back 300 years to when queen anne founded the royal ascot in 1711 , the monarch , accompanied by prince philip in the horse-drawn royal carriage , led a procession from from windsor castle to the berkshire race course this afternoon .
the queen , whose choice of hat colour is always the subject of frenzied bets , looked immaculate as ever in a powder blue dress and coat by stewart parvin .
the colour would have come to no surprise to royal fashion watchers , who recently found that the queen last year chose to wear blue on 29 per cent of her public engagements - three times as often as she wore any other colour .
her trimmed hat , by rachel trevor-morgan , matched the fabric of her coat perfectly , and on her lapel she wore an impressive diamond and aquamarine brooch .
prince philip , who has recovered well .
from the nasty bladder infection that saw him admitted to hospital .
following the jubilee weekend celebrations , sat beside his wife for the .
short journey .
best .
dressed : the queen looked splendid in a powder blue coat and dress as .
she arrived by carriage with prince philip for the opening day .
close : the queen and camilla chat as they enter the royal enclosure - but up until 1955 , divorced women were prohibited from entering thanks to stringent rules , meaning camilla would not have been allowed to join the monarch .
in her element : the queen has seen 63 of her horses win at ascot over the years .
right , prince philip accompanied his wife to the meet today .
the queen was greeted by cheers and applause as she arrived at the course , and shouts of god save the queen rang out around the parade ground as she entered in the royal carriage .
the royal couple waved at the crowds as they