by .
jill reilly .
published : .
04:21 est , 8 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:52 est , 8 february 2013 .
caught out : decio lourenco , 24 , is facing prosecution .
a skateboarder is facing arrest over a video posted on youtube showed him careering down a busy road at 68 mph - fast enough to set off a speed camera .
decio lourenco , 24 , is facing prosecution as the south african city 's safety authorities say he could have caused a .
major crash on the mountain road .
mr lourenco 's video , filmed at sunset on january 20 , saw him race down kloof nek .
road between table mountain and lion 's head , in cape town .
motorists on the opposite side have their headlights on as he hurtles down the mountain road in fading light .
it was filmed by friend and fellow skater andré roux , using a camera attached to his car bumper .
despite safety concerns , mr lourenco , a graphic design student insists that he took all possible .
precautions wearing a helmet and gloves .
he says that he specifically picked a quiet time of day , but he still weaves dangerously across the road as cars drive past .
jean-pierre smith , cape town 's safety and security spokesman , is pushing for a punishment saying he had put other road users at risk .
` all that was needed was for one of those motorists to panic and swerve .
into the oncoming traffic and you have a large number of deaths , as we .
have already had on that road , ' he said according to the daily telegraph .
scroll down for video .
dangerous : a skateboarder is facing arrest over a video posted on youtube of him showed careering down a street at 68 mph - fast enough to set off a speed camera .
daring : motorists on the opposite side have their headlights on as he hurtles down the mountain road in fading light .
he said he had asked the director of public prosecutions to charge mr lourenco with reckless and negligent road behaviour .
` if we do n't take action against him , every other aspirant skateboarder .
will try it and one of them will