by .
louise boyle .
published : .
12:07 est , 10 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:08 est , 11 april 2013 .
a former teacher at a prestigious all-girls boarding school who was charged last month with sexually assaulting a student made his advances on the girl when she was 15 , an affidavit stated on tuesday .
it was also revealed that joseph rajkumar may have had inappropriate conversations with five other teenage girls at miss porter 's school in farmington , connecticut .
the 42-year-old , who taught physics and coached soccer and track , had been employed .
at the school since august 2009 .
he was fired on march 4 and charged on .
march 25 with two counts of felony second-degree sexual assault and one .
count of misdemeanor fourth-degree sexual assault .
police said the allegations date back .
to 2010 and involve a now-former student who said that rajkumar started .
groping her when she was 15 and that they had sex in his classroom closet after she turned 17 .
abuse of power : joseph rajkumar , 42 , leaves court in hartford , connecticut on tuesday after a short hearing on his sexual assault charges involving a former female student .
privileged : the elite miss porter 's school in connecticut is a private boarding and day school for girls where tuition costs up to $ 52,000 each year .
the allegations came out after the former student , who is now in college , told her boyfriend who went to the police , according to the hartford courant .
the former student said that it had started when she was 15 and that rajkumar would hug her and run his hands down her back when she was stressed about big tests .
the girl told police that the situation developed and that she and .
rajkumar had sex several times during some weeks .
they had sex .
in a closet in his classroom .
according to an arrest warrant .
affidavit released on tuesday , a guidance counselor at the school .
learned about sexually inappropriate conversations and text messages .
between rajkumar and at least five students ages 15 to 18 and alerted .
the state department of children and families .
police began investigating march 6 , two days after he was