by .
sam peters .
english professional football has been warned it faces a ` tsunami ' of damaging legal claims that will cripple some clubs if managers continue to over-rule doctors and allow concussed players to play on .
in an exclusive interview with the mail on sunday , the football association 's senior doctor ian beasley this week said the nfl 's massive legal settlement with former american footballers suffering from early on-set dementia linked to head injuries -- now in excess of # 870million -- has set a precedent other sports would be foolish to ignore .
the last premier league season saw an alarming number of incidences where managers ignored team doctors and allowed concussed players to return to play while this summer 's world cup in brazil also saw players with head injuries , including uruguay 's alvaro pereira and germany 's christoph kramer , play on .
video scroll down to watch england players star in fa appeal to reduce concussion risks .
latest case in football : germany midfielder christoph kramer was allowed to play on in the world cup final .
eventually subbed : kramer leaves the pitch after being concussed during germany 's match against argentina .
` clubs need to be aware that if they make mistakes and something tragic happens to a player after their manager has over-ruled the medic then it 's the club and the manager who become liable , ' dr beasley said .
` for smaller clubs that could break them financially .
we have to make sure they understand what the consequences are .
` what we have to point out to clubs is that if your staff start over-ruling medical staff it may not be next year or the year after , but there are going to be difficulties .
in 10 or 15 years if a player comes back and says : `` i 've got long-term brain damage because of this -lsb- concussion mismanagement -rsb- '' then it 's going to be extremely difficult .
it will get hauled through the courts and there will be a lot of bad publicity .
the clubs will suffer one way or the other .
we need to make sure they understand that .
` when you 've got precedent of a tsunami -lsb- the nfl pay out -rsb- coming your way the best