by .
william turvill .
these shocking photographs show six tonnes of pigs ' heads that were dumped next to a russian stream .
found on the outskirts of druzhino , a village just outside the city of omsk , officials are now searching for those responsible for dumping the animal parts .
` we knew something was wrong when stray dogs around here started turning up carrying pigs heads , ' said local man dennis bazarov , 48 .
officials are searching for the people who dumped these pigs ' heads by a stream near omsk in russia .
the six-tonne pile was found after stray dogs were seen carrying around the heads in the village of druzhino .
` we could n't work out where they were getting them from initially , but after taking one of the heads away we then followed the dog when it ran back to the site to get another one .
` we were stunned to find a huge amount of pigs ' heads had been dumped by the stream .
' the head of the veterinary department omsk , vladimir plaschenko , said : ` this is a very serious offence , especially as it was dumped so close to a water supply .
` we have tested the heads and none of the animal had any diseases but the rotting meat still posed a considerable health threat to the villagers and others further downstream .
local man dennis bazarov , 48 , said : ` we could n't work out where they were getting them from initially , but after taking one of the heads away we then followed the dog when it ran back to the site to get another one ' the head of the veterinary department omsk , vladimir plaschenko , said : ` this is a very serious offence , especially as it was dumped so close to a water supply ' if caught , those responsible for dumping the pigs ' heads will face a fine of at least # 10,000 .
` the ears and the cheeks of the pig heads had been cut off which implies that they were professionally slaughtered by people who then decided that just dumping this waste product is the easiest way to get rid of it .
' he said that once they were caught they faced a