by .
john hall .
and alexandra klausner .
published : .
03:55 est , 29 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
10:16 est , 29 january 2014 .
a man who claims to have captured and killed bigfoot after luring it with pork ribs now says he is planning to take the corpse on an international tour .
rick dyer , who describes himself as ` best bigfoot tracker in the world ' and claims to have shot the beast near san antonio in texas in september 2012 , says the world tour will begin on february 6 in flagstaff , arizona , with further locations to be revealed over the coming weeks .
although he also released a second photograph supposedly showing the dead bigfoot , there is a great deal of scepticism over their authenticity , not least because dyer was previously involved in a bigfoot hoax in 2008 when a ` corpse ' he put on public display turned out to be a rubber suit .
scroll down for video .
on display : rick dyer released this new image , supposedly showing the bigfoot he killed lying dead on the floor of his tent .
he now plans to take the corpse on an international tour .
body of the beast : rick dyer claims that this is a photo of legendary creature bigfoot , which he shot near san antonio and now plans to take on tour .
mr dyer claims that he lured the beast by nailing pork ribs he had bought from walmart to a tree in san antonio , texas in september 2012 .
he initially released a grainy close up photograph supposedly showing the creature 's face , but has now released a second photograph of it lying dead on the floor of his tent .
speaking about inevitable doubts over the authenticity of his supposed kill , 36-year-old dyer told new york daily news that he does n't regret his 2008 hoax , as it put him in contact with people who now fund his full-time bigfoot operations ever since .
he claims that without the previous publicity stunt , he would never have been able to ` really ' capture a bigfoot .
speaking of killing the animal , he said : ' i nailed ... pork ribs from the walmart down the street to the