by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
01:31 est , 14 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:23 est , 14 march 2013 .
first lady michelle obama has appeared on the cover of vogue magazine for the second time , talking about family values and pushing back at critics who say she and the president need to socialize more .
mrs obama , 49 , was captured in the april 2013 issue of the magazine - which hits newsstands on march 26 - by famed photographer annie leibovitz .
she first appeared on the cover of vogue in march 2009 - right after her husband was inaugurated for his first term .
cover girl : first lady michelle obama has appeared on her second cover of vogue magazine , for the april 2013 issue that will hit newsstands on march 26 .
in an open , and assertive stance , she leans against a table and looks directly into the camera 's lens with her bare arms resting at her side .
wearing a reed krakoff dress , taken from her own closet , in cerulean blue with a flourish of purple at the neckline , mrs obama looks comfortable , at ease , and happy .
by contrast , for mrs obama 's debut appearance on the vogue cover in march 2009 , she sat curled on a sofa with her arms lightly wrapped one over the other in a protective gesture ; and the discomfort in her facial expression is palpable .
in the accompanying interview , by jonathan van meter , the first lady summarizes her relationship .
to fashion .
her style is mentioned only once in the profile , and in .
just one paragraph - insinuating perhaps that she has more important .
things on her mind .
picture perfect : mrs obama , wearing the same reed krakoff dress , poses with the president ; the smiling couple are draped over one-and-other affectionately .
' i always say that women should wear .
whatever makes them feel good about themselves .
that 's what i always try .
to do , ' she explained .
' i also believe that if you 're .
comfortable in your clothes it 's easy to connect with people and make .
them feel comfortable as well .
in every interaction that