after nearly a century of business , struggling electronics retailer radioshack has filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy protection and says it will sell up to 2,400 stores .
the company announced thursday that up to 2,400 of its 4,000 u.s. company-owned stores will go to general wireless , an affiliate of the standard general l.p. hedge fund , according to the company 's announcement .
radioshack has been on life support for quite some time , but the decision of the new york stock exchange to suspend its trading on monday forced the company to pull the plug .
scroll down for video .
radioshack : after nearly a century of business , struggling electronics retailer radioshack has filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy protection and says it will sell up to 2,400 stores .
ceo : radioshack worked hard on its turnaround efforts , hiring walgreen co. executive joseph magnacca -lrb- photographed -rrb- as its ceo in 2013 .
the fort worth , texas company said thursday that it was also having discussions to sell all of its remaining assets .
` these steps are the culmination of a thorough process intended to drive maximum value for our stakeholders , ' joseph magnacca , radioshack ceo , said in the statement .
but the bankruptcy will not include the company 's more than 1,000 stores in 25 other countries , stores operated by its mexican subsidiaries , or its asia operations .
radioshack corp. introduced one of the first mass-market personal computers and used to be the go-to stop for consumers ' home electronics needs .
but it struggled as shoppers increasingly shifted to making purchases online and growth in its wireless business slowed .
it has suffered years of losses .
warning : radioshack had warned of a possible bankruptcy in september , but received rescue financing that kept it afloat .
still , its ceo -lrb- photographed -rrb- recently cautioned the chain might not be able to find a long-term plan to stay in business .
the nyse suspended trading of its shares on monday and sought to delist it .
the nyse requires companies meet certain market capitalization thresholds to remain on the exchange .
radioshack had warned of a possible bankruptcy in september , but received rescue financing that kept it afloat .
still , its ceo recently cautioned the chain might not be able to