a man has spent a year losing 70lbs so he could donate his kidney to his wife .
pj spraggins was delighted when he discovered he was a perfect match for wife tracy , who was told her life-long battle with lupus would kill her if she did n't get a transplant .
the waiting list is seven years long .
but the next day the couple from birmingham , alabama , were dealt a blow : his blood pressure was too high to perform the operation .
refusing to accept the diagnosis , pj embarked on a relentless fitness regime .
finally , in december 2014 , they got the green light .
in february , they went under the knife together .
scroll down for video .
transformation : pj and tracy spraggins -lrb- pictured , left , in 2006 , and right in 2015 -rrb- together lost 145lbs in one year so he could donate his kidney to her .
on the transplant list , she would have had to wait seven years .
made it !
after a year of grueling dieting and exercise , pj was given the green light to undergo surgery .
` we both just feel amazing .
i 'm slowly getting back to work making music , tracy is making sure she fully recovers .
but the entire process has been amazing .
' now 39 , tracy was six when she was first diagnosed with the chronic inflammatory disease which affects her kidney functions .
she was placed on the transplant list in 2013 - just a few months after her 34-year-old sister , who also had lupus , died following complications from a kidney transplant .
knowing that the seven-year wait might be too long , pj , a self-employed musician , submitted himself for the weeks-long evaluation to assess whether he could donate his kidney .
journey : for a year , he kept losing weight and going in for tests , only to be told he needed to lose more .
finally , he visited nashville 's vanderbilt hospital in december 2014 , and the numbers all matched up .
however , the good news was tinged with disappointment as doctors said his size meant the operation could n't go ahead .
` they said i was a perfect match but they wanted to check i was