by .
rick dewsbury .
published : .
10:35 est , 12 august 2012 .
| .
updated : .
11:08 est , 13 august 2012 .
a second man has been arrested in connection with gun and grenade attacks which killed a grieving father weeks after his son was shot dead .
david short , 46 , suffered a barrage of bullet and blast injuries in the attack in clayton , manchester , on friday morning .
it took place after his son mark , 23 , was shot dead as a gunman opened fire in a pub in the city in may .
greater manchester police said a 37-year-old man was arrested last night on suspicion of murder in connection with friday 's attack in clayton and a second gun and grenade attack which took place minutes later in droylsden .
the force is continuing to search for one-eyed suspect dale cregan , 29 , for questioning over the two incidents .
scroll down for cctv .
mark short , left , was shot dead earlier this year .
his father , dave , was killed more recently .
one-eyed suspect dale cregan , right , is wanted for questioning over both attacks .
victims : david short , with his son mark , who died in may .
mark died after being shot , while david was the target of a grenade attack .
close : father david short , right , with his son mark .
the pair of them have both been killed within weeks of each other in shootings in manchester .
cregan is also wanted in connection with the murder of mark short .
today a third man was charged with the murder of the amateur .
the father-of-one from manchester , was shot in the neck at the cotton tree pub in the droylsden area of the city on may 25 after a gunman walked in and opened fire .
three other men were also shot during the attack and suffered leg and back injuries .
tonight , mathew james , 32 , from clayton , manchester , was charged with one count of murder and three counts of attempt murder , greater manchester police said .
he will appear at manchester magistrates ' court tomorrow morning .
two other men , luke livesey , 27 , from hattersley , and damien