by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
03:31 est , 25 april 2012 .
| .
updated : .
03:31 est , 25 april 2012 .
diabetes .
diabetes will cost the nhs more than a sixth of its entire budget by 2035 , a report has warned .
the disease accounts for 10 per cent -lrb- # 9.8 billion -rrb- of nhs spending , but this is projected to rise to # 16.9 billion over the next 25 years , or 17 per cent of the health service 's funds .
yet researchers also found that up to four-fifths of the money goes on treating complications such as kidney failure , nerve damage and amputation , which are often preventable .
their impact diabetes report , published in the journal diabetic medicine , also considered the indirect costs to individuals living with the condition , including those related to increased death and illness , the loss of income from stopping work , and the need for informal care .
it found the total associated with these extra burdens in addition to direct patient care in the uk stands at # 23.7 billion and is predicted to rise to # 39.8 billion by 2035 .
there are around 3.8 million people living with diabetes in the uk and this is expected to increase to 6.25 million in just over two decades .
barbara young , chief executive of diabetes uk , said : ` this report shows that without urgent action , the already huge sums of money being spent on treating diabetes will rise to unsustainable levels that threaten to bankrupt the nhs .
` but the most shocking part of this report is the finding that almost four-fifths of nhs diabetes spending goes on treating complications that in many cases could have been prevented .
` the failure to do more to prevent these complications is both a tragedy for the people involved and a damning indictment of the failure to implement the clear and recommended solutions .
unless the government and the nhs start to show real leadership on this issue , this unfolding public health disaster will only get worse .
' a department of health spokeswoman said : ` we agree that diabetes is a very serious illness and one that has a big impact on the nhs .
` that 's why