philadelphia eagles 21 san francisco 49ers 26 .
frank gore caught a career-best 55-yard touchdown and ran for 119 yards in his first 100-yard game this year , leading the san francisco 49ers past philadelphia 26-21 on sunday to hand the eagles their first loss .
the 49ers delivered a late goal-line stand as they avoided their first three-game losing streak under fourth-year coach jim harbaugh , containing the league 's top passer in nick foles .
he threw two incomplete passes from the 1 in the waning moments .
on a day the 49ers -lrb- 2-2 -rrb- gave up big plays on special teams , gore came through .
colin kaepernick also threw a touchdown pass to stevie johnson and phil dawson kicked four field goals .
darren sproles had a career-best 82-yard punt return for a touchdown , malcom jenkins ran an interception 53 yards for a score for the eagles -lrb- 3-1 -rrb- .
brad smith recovered a blocked punt for a td .
frank gore scores on a 55-yard touchdown reception as the san francisco 49ers beat the philadelphia eagles 26-21 on sunday .
49ers wide receiver steve johnson is pumped up after catching a 12-yard touchdown pass during the third quarter of the game .
video ross tucker : which teams had the biggest week 4 wins ?
tampa bay buccaneers 27 pittsburgh steelers 24 .
mike glennon hit a diving vincent jackson for a 5-yard touchdown with seven seconds remaining to lift tampa bay to a stunning win .
the buccaneers -lrb- 1-3 -rrb- lost to atlanta by six touchdowns a week ago but bounced back .
glennon passed for 302 yards in his first start of the season , including a 41-yard catch-and-run by louis murphy that set up jackson 's score .
ben roethlisberger passed for 314 yards and three touchdowns , but pittsburgh -lrb- 2-2 -rrb- could n't protect a seven-point lead in the fourth quarter .
antonio brown caught seven passes for 131 yards and two scores , and heath miller added a career-high nine grabs .
the steelers committed 13 penalties for 125 yards .
vincent jackson produces an excellent diving catch for the match-winning touchdown with just seven seconds remaining as tampa bay beat pittsburgh .
pittsburgh steelers running back le'veon bell escapes from a pile of bodies during the third quarter .
dallas cowboys 38 new orleans