the u.s. justice department announced .
charges on monday against two former federal agents accused of .
stealing the digital currency bitcoin during the investigation .
of the underground drug marketplace silk road .
carl force , a former drug enforcement administration agent , .
and shaun bridges , a special agent with the secret service , were .
charged in a criminal complaint filed in san francisco federal .
court with offenses including wire fraud and money laundering .
silk road was an underground website where people bought .
drugs and other illicit goods using bitcoin digital currency .
by .
the time authorities shut it down in october 2013 , silk road had .
generated around $ 200 million in sales , prosecutors said .
agents : carl force -lrb- left -rrb- , a former dea agent , and shaun bridges -lrb- right -rrb- , a special agent with the secret service , have been accused of stealing thousands of bitcoins during an investigation into silk road .
website : silk road was an underground website where people bought drugs and other illicit goods using bitcoin digital currency .
authorities said it was operated by ross ulbricht , 30 , under .
the alias ` dread pirate roberts .
' a federal jury in manhattan .
found ulbricht guilty in february of charges including .
conspiracy to commit drug trafficking and money laundering .
force , 46 , and bridges , 32 , belonged to a baltimore-based .
federal task force investigating the silk road .
force had a .
prominent role in the probe , authorities said , as he was the .
lead undercover agent in communication with ulbricht .
but prosecutors said while force spoke with ulbricht using .
an officially sanctioned alias , he also created unauthorized .
online personas to communicate with ` dread pirate roberts .
' using those aliases , force extorted $ 250,000 from ulbricht .
and later offered to sell him information about the government 's .
investigation for $ 100,000 , the complaint said .
prosecutors said force also stole $ 90,000 worth of bitcoins .
that ulbricht paid him in under an officially sanctioned alias .
used for the undercover investigation .
authorities said bridges , 32 , meanwhile diverted to his .
personal account over $ 800,000 worth of bitcoin that he .
controlled during the