by .
mark duell .
published : .
04:21 est , 13 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
04:29 est , 13 january 2014 .
nearly half of middle-class parents are worried their children will be worse off than them , a study will say .
the report from the charity 4children - which will be launched by deputy prime minister nick clegg on wednesday - reveals that parents were more optimistic at the height of the recession .
more people believe family life is harder now than 20 years ago - and middle-class parents are more anxious about their children 's future than even those from the most disadvantaged backgrounds .
concern : more people believe family life is harder now than 20 years ago - and middle-class parents are more anxious about their children 's future than even those from the most disadvantaged backgrounds -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
a survey for the study found 42 per cent of people with average or above-average incomes were pessimistic about the chances of their children in life - and just 22 per cent were optimistic .
but 37 per cent of those on below-average incomes were pessimistic , and 25 per cent were hopeful .
it comes after the government 's social mobility tsar alan milburn said living costs and an ` exclusion ' from the property market will see many children endure lower living standards than their parents .
along with his deputy , former education secretary baroness shephard , they believe the children of today could be the first for at least 100 years to be worse off than the generation before them .
changes : the report from the charity 4children - which will be launched by deputy prime minister nick clegg -lrb- pictured -rrb- on wednesday - reveals that parents were more optimistic at the height of the recession .
the report by 4children - established 31 years ago as the national out of school alliance - will claim that modern britain has not kept up with changes in family life , reported the daily telegraph .
it will propose various ideas over issues such as the protection of parks , as well as suggesting support networks for grandparents who have a rising responsibility for childcare in the uk .
the observer reported yesterday that the study will also say a quarter of parents