a flagship government policy to improve care for the elderly at home so they do n't end up in hospital has been branded a ` shambles ' by mps .
they claim it will only save the nhs a third of the cash intended -- and even that is ` ambitious .
' the better care fund is a series of locally-run schemes to boost services for the elderly at home to prevent them becoming seriously ill in a&e .
these include making nurses and physios available at weekends , providing more home-help and installing disabled-access toilets and showers .
a flagship government policy to improve care for the elderly at home so they do n't end up in hospital has been branded a ` shambles ' by labour mp margaret hodge -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
the policy was first announced by the government last june but the money -- # 5.3 billion -- will not be made available until next april .
in the meantime , local organisations called health and wellbeing boards have been drawing up detailed plans setting out how they will spent their share of the pot .
ministers hope that the scheme will ultimately save the nhs money as there will be fewer , expensive admissions to hospital .
they calculate that in its first year of running , 2015/16 , it will save the health service # 1billion as care at home will be so much improved .
but mps on the committee of public accounts who have been scrutinising the local plans estimate it will save just # 314million .
and even that amount is ` ambitious ' , they say , as it is based on an assumption that the numbers of elderly ending up in a&e will fall by 3 per cent .
this can not be guaranteed -- regardless of how care as improved at home -- as a particularly cold winter or severe flu season good lead to many more admissions .
margaret hodge , chair of the committee of public accounts , said the planning of the better care fund was a ` shambles ' mps also claim that nhs bosses did not tell the 151 boards from the start how much money they needed to try and save .
this meant that most of their initial plans had to be torn up and started from scratch