by .
james nye .
published : .
17:28 est , 9 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:37 est , 10 october 2013 .
the alleged gunman who was shot dead after opening fire on a federal courthouse in wheeling , west virginia this afternoon has been identified as a former police officer in the town .
thomas picard , who reportedly left wheeling police department 15-years-ago has been named as the man who fired up to 20 shots from an assault rifle at the town 's federal courthouse around 2.30 p.m. before security officers returned fire and shot him dead .
one security officer within the wheeling federal building was injured by flying debris and two others were admitted to wheeling hospital with injuries , said chief deputy mike claxton of the marshals service in northern west virginia .
scroll down for video .
shooting : the scene outside the federal courthouse in wheeling , west virginia after a gunman opened fire on the building with an assault rifle .
picard was initially hospitalized in a critical condition but later succumbed to his injuries .
investigators were seeking a search warrant for the gunman 's home in hopes of determining the motive and if he acted alone according to claxton .
asked if the gunman had any beef with the u.s. government , claxton said , ` we 're really digging hard at this point to find out .
' claxton said the man began firing from a parking lot across from the federal building .
` he was observed in the parking lot very quickly after the first shots were fired , ' he said .
response : armed officer 's survey the scene at the federal courthouse in wheeling , west virginia today after a former police officer allegedly opened fire today .
courthouse security and local police ultimately returned fire and hit the man .
he did not know if there was an exchange of gunfire .
the building houses a variety of courtrooms and related offices .
` this is a federal building with judges and prosecutors and law enforcement , ' claxton said .
` it 's a very serious incident that infringes upon the third branch of government .
' city resident carla webb daniels said she saw the man identified as piccard reload his assault rifle and then fire