care : a study has found a third more heart attack patients died a month later in britain than sweden .
more than 11,000 deaths of heart attack patients could have been avoided if british care was as good as sweden 's , a study has claimed .
a third more britons than swedes died within a month of having a heart attack , according to the research on half a million patients .
scientists from university college london examined death rates in the two countries between 2004 and 2010 .
they said a key reason for the striking difference between the two was that british patients are not receiving the best possible treatment .
professor harry hemingway , from university college london , said : ` our findings are a cause for concern .
` the uptake and use of new technologies and effective treatments recommended in guidelines has been far quicker in sweden .
this has contributed to large differences in the management and outcomes of patients .
' in total , the team analysed records relating to 391,077 patients from 242 hospitals in the uk and 119,786 from 86 hospitals in sweden .
they found that 30 days after a heart attack , 10.5 per cent of patients discharged from hospital were dead in the uk compared with 7.6 per cent in sweden .
at the start of the study the difference was even more stark , with almost 50 per cent more patients dying in the uk than in sweden .
but by 2010 , the gap had narrowed to 20 per cent .
taking into account age and sex differences , heart attack severity , risk factors including rates of smoking and diabetes , and other influences , the scientists estimated that over the study period 11,263 british lives could have been saved by matching swedish standards .
co-author dr tomas jernberg , from the karolinska university hospital in sweden , said : ` our findings suggest that failure to get the best treatment is one likely reason why short-term survival for heart attack patients is lower in the uk .
' concerning : the study , which looked at half a million patient records , said surgery and drugs like beta blockers were offered earlier and more often sweden than in britain , and processes must be improved .
the study found drugs such