emmanuel frimpong has signed for championship side barnsley from arsenal for an undisclosed fee but he seems more worried about his chances of action off the pitch .
the injury-prone midfielder tweeted : ` how am i gon na draw girls now ' - meaning he will find it difficult to attract girls - before quickly deleting his update .
frimpong struck a more conciliatory note later , tweeting the official barnsley account with the message : ` hope to see all the fans there tomoz big derby game ' .
happy to be there : emmanuel frimpong poses with the barnsley kit after signing from arsenal .
tweet 's not sweet : frimpong was worrying about his chances with the ladies on twitter .
despite his off-field reservations , the 22-year-old has signed a contract at oakwell until june 2014 .
the ` female situation ' frimpong is fearing is similar to barnsley 's former macedonian georgi hristov , who complained about the beauty of girls in south yorkshire .
` i 'm finding it difficult to find a girlfriend in barnsley , or indeed settle into a decent way of life , ' he said .
` the local girls are far uglier than the ones back in belgrade or skopje , the capital of macedonia , where i come from .
` our women are much prettier .
besides , they do n't drink as much beer as the barnsley girls which is something i do n't like at all .
' not happy : georgi hristov was n't pleased with the standards of women in barnsley .
wasted potential : frimpong never truly kicked on at the gunners .
frimpong has enjoyed loan spells at wolves , charlton and fulham , but never progressed under arsene wenger .
indeed , he has not made an appearance this season and played just 14 times last campaign after injuring his knee .
he impressed in the youth set up , along with best pal jack wilshere , but lacked the required quality at his favourite side and has not played in the premier league for arsenal since december 2012 .
in 2012 , frimpong tweeted : ` i 'll never leave arsenal even if i 'm released .
i 'll beg on both knees to stay .
' wenger must not have been in a merciful mood .