the company behind doughnut king and michel 's patisserie is set to buy coffee chain gloria jean 's for $ 163.5 million from hillsong board member .
retail food group will buy the global franchising and coffee roasting business from gloria jean 's executive chairman nabi saleh 's private company .
the store opened its first australian outlet in 1996 in miranda , southern sydney , when saleh and peter irvine brought gloria jean 's to australia .
retail food group is buying the coffee chain from the man who brought the franchise to australia .
saleh , who is also the hillsong church board member , has committed to remain with the business for a minimum of two years , along with his senior management team .
he said retail food group 's reputation as a food and beverage operator and expertise in building franchise businesses made them ideal to lead the continued expansion of gloria jean 's .
` we have long known that gloria jean 's coffees has extraordinary potential for growth , but we could n't have been more impressed by how quickly rfg recognised this potential , ' he said .
` their reputation as one of australia 's best food and beverage operators , deep expertise in building franchise businesses , and their proven commitment to successfully growing aquired brands , made rfg the ideal choice for the future success of our much ` loved gloria jean 's coffees brand .
' retail food group is buying the coffee chain from the man who brought the franchise to australia .
retail food group also owns donut king -lrb- pictured -rrb- , michel 's patisserie , brumby 's bakery , esquires coffee , crust gourmet pizza bar and pizza capers .
the 35-year-old cafe group has 800 outlets in more than 40 countries , which includes 358 stores in australia and 87 in the united states .
the deal comes four months after singapore-based global yellow pages pulled out of a deal to buy gloria jean 's .
retail food group said the global coffee chain had long been a target and will pay $ 153.5 million in cash plus $ 10 million in its own shares , plus up to a further $ 16.4 million depending on gloria jean 's performance .
its purchase of gloria jean 's is expected to be settled by