a police officer has been placed on administrative leave after writing on facebook that the ferguson , missouri cop who shot dead an unarmed black teenager last month ` did society a favor ' .
jason lentz , a 17-year veteran of the elgin police department in illinois , is under investigation after colleagues discovered he had written multiple racially-charged facebook posts .
details of his posts have now been released to the courier-news following a freedom of information request .
his suspension - the fourth in his career - comes after ferguson cop darren wilson gunned down 18-year-old michael brown on august 9 , sparking clashes between police officers and protesters .
in one online post on his personal facebook page on august 17 , lentz posted a photo of missouri highway patrol captain ron johnson - who is black - with a black man and making an ` ok ' hand sign .
suspended : elgin cop jason lentz , left , has been suspended after colleagues came across messages he 'd posted on facebook - including saying cop darren wilson ` did society a favor ' for killing michael brown , right .
` he is also in the chicago tribune hugging protesters .
just awesome ... appears to be the enemy within , ' lentz wrote .
the post about brown was made on august 15 above a video he shared entitled : ` police released surveillance footage allegedly showing michael brown stealing cigars befor -lsb- e -rsb- .
' he wrote : ` hmmm ... innocent victim my ass .
did society a favor .
' the courier-news reported that after the post was seen by supervisors , lentz was told to remove it - but he did not and simply shortened the message to read : ` hmmm ... ' in total , 11 facebook posts made over the past year were included in his file .
in one post , he called this highway patrol captain - who is pictured making an ` ok ' sign - ` the enemy within ' controversial : in a post from last november , he also agreed that if school children have martin luther king day off from school , they should also be allowed to miss veterans day .
another included a photo of a letter a parent had written to a school , explaining