the leader of a labor union that represents 12,000 u.s. immigration officials launched a frontal assault against the white house on tuesday , asking americans to oppose what he said is a plan to unilaterally open the door to a flood of new immigrants after the nov. 4 election .
kenneth palinkas , president of the national citizenship and immigration services council , warned in a rare public policy statement that america 's immigration tensions are ` about to get exponentially worse -- and more dangerous ' if the federal government expands , as expected , the numbers of green cards and work permits it issues to foreign nationals .
president barack obama has promised to make a move on immigration policy this year , but his timetable and mechanics are a popular washington , d.c. guessing game whose ramifications touch on next week 's election and the possibility of a december budget stalemate that could shut down the federal government .
palinkas warned tuesday , however , that the state of play -- and his army of paper-pushers -- are working in the president 's favor .
` we are still the world 's rubber-stamp for entry into the united states -- regardless of the ramifications of the constant violations to the immigration and nationality act , ' palinkas said .
scroll down for video and the union 's message .
us citizenship and immigration services officials are in charge of issuing documents to immigrants -- a task their union chief fears will grow by orders of magnitude if president obama makes good on his promises .
the fate of border-crossers and other illegal immigrants in the us -- 11 million of them at least -- hangs in the balance as the president mulls his political options .
his union 's members , all of whom work for the department of homeland security , staff 223 u.s. citizenship and immigration services -lrb- uscis -rrb- field offices around the world where visa applications and asylum requests are processed and citizenship decisions are rendered .
their union is a bargaining unit of the american federation of government employees , which is affiliated with the afl-cio .
` whether it 's the failure to uphold the public charge laws , the abuse of our asylum procedures , the admission of islamist radicals , or visas for health risks , ' he said