by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
21:19 est , 2 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
21:25 est , 2 october 2013 .
a victoria 's secret model 's sugar heir husband fled the united states for europe last year , allegedly skipping out on a $ 7 million divorce settlement to the mother of his three children and $ 250,000 in unpaid rent and damages from a soho loft he is accused of trashing .
david mimran , 46 , a fledgling movie producer and son of sugar billionaire jean-claude mimran , owes his first wife lucy , a retired fashion model , half of their marital property , according to legal documents .
the 41-year-old met mimran in puerto rico when she was only 18 and the couple were married for more than 20 years , having three boys who are now aged 20 , 17 and 16 .
in europe : david mimran , 46 , pictured left , owes his first wife lucy , right , half of their marital property , according to legal documents .
according to the new york post , the $ 7.4 million divorce settlement includes proceeds from the sale of a $ 23 million yacht called ` malibu , ' a $ 25 million central park west apartment designed by philippe stark and investments in a cayman islands company .
after fighting for equal custody of his children , mimran left his sons in new york and moved to switzerland with new wife julie ordon and their daughter mathilda , the newspaper reported .
in a telephone interview with the post , ordon this week said she left manhattan because she wanted her children to grow up in skiing and lounging by the lakes in her native switzerland .
but lucy mimran said she will pursue her ex overseas for the payment he still owes .
jean-claude mimran is worth over $ 2 billion largely from his ownership of west africa 's largest sugar refinery .
he also used to own lamborghini and recently opened a super-luxury resort in the swiss alps dubbed the billionaire 's playground .
` nightmare tenants ' : businessman david mimran and his model wife julie ordon , pictured in 2010 , are being sued by their former landlords for allegedly trashing their luxury soho apartment and missing rent .