a buyer in california has spent $ 16,000 on the high-backed leather chair used by evil genius blofeld in the james bond films .
the iconic piece of furniture , in which the bond baddie sat while stroking a white cat , had been expected to sell for around $ 3,000 .
but fierce bidding drove the price up to more than five times that estimate before it was finally snapped up , and will make the perfect christmas present for a horrible boss .
the chair used by bond baddie ernst stavro blofeld in you only live twice has sold for $ 16,000 at auction , and will make the perfect christmas present for any ill-tempered boss .
the sight of bond 's nemesis , full name ernst stavro blofeld , sitting in the high-backed , black leather chair is one of the defining images of the film franchise and can now be recreated in the boardroom .
the sight of blofeld sitting in the chair stroking his white cat has become one of the defining images of the whole bond franchise .
blofeld , head of the terrorist organisation spectre , was played by british actor donald pleasence in the 1967 film you only live twice , the fifth to star sean connery as 007 .
the chair was among a host of props from bond films sold at julien 's auctions in california as part of a liquidation sale by pinewood studios .
a model helicopter , which was named little nellie and was used for filming aerial fight scenes in you only live twice , fetched $ 23,000 .
the mobile phone remote control pierce brosnan used to drive his bmw in the 1997 film tomorrow never dies was also snapped up for $ 6,000 .
darren julien , the auction house ceo , said : ` james bond 007 lived up to his bigger than life persona in our recent auction event .
` blofeld 's chair from you only live twice as well as the helicopter prop from the same film were highlights amongst the bidders .
' the next installment in the bond series is due out next year and will star christoph waltz , from quentin tarantino 's django unchained , as the villain .
the film will be called spectre , the name of blofeld 's organisation , raising the prospect