by .
suzannah hills .
published : .
08:19 est , 19 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:50 est , 19 march 2013 .
hearing : latifa bouabdillah is suing commerzbank for # 1million after the firm sacked her when they found out she was taking her former company to an employment tribunal .
a high-flying female city banker was compared to a criminal and sacked from her job because her boss discovered she was suing her old bank for sex discrimination , a tribunal heard .
latifa bouabdillah resigned as vice president and director of financial giant deutsche bank at the end of 2011 and launched a bid to sue the company for # 1million over claims men were promoted ahead of her and received bonuses up to three times larger than hers .
she then moved to rival banking giant commerzbank ag , but claims she was sacked from the firm when her bosses found out about her sexism case against her former employer when an article was published about it .
miss bouabdillah told the central london employment tribunal that she kept her claim secret from her new employers because she feared they would n't offer her the # 150,000 a year post as head of product engineering and sales in their exotic vanilla funds team if they knew .
when her new employers found out about the suit they told her that she had put their reputation ` at risk ' and that the matter had been escalated to ` very senior ' people in the bank 's german head office , it is claimed .
in a witness statement submitted to the tribunal she said : ` so i understood that this was causing big issues internally .
this worried me a lot .
i could see that this was potentially very damaging to my career with the respondent and my career in general .
` they asked me if this was the first time i had sued an institution , i said yes and i am not intending to do it again and that the job with the respondent would allow me to move on with my life .
' she claims she was likened to a common criminal by the bank 's senior hr partner nigel marsden and was left feeling ` distressed , demeaned and humiliated ' by her