superbike champion : sean emmett -lrb- pictured -rrb- , 45 , flew into a rage over his girlfriend 's table manners .
a drunken former british superbike champion who attacked his girlfriend because he did n't like the way she was eating has been jailed for three months .
sean emmett , 45 , of molesey , surrey , flew into a rage over the table manners of lana saoud , 25 , after drinking eight pints of guinness - throttling her and hitting her around the face .
blood was found all over the room where the 45-year-old motorcyclist and his partner of two years miss saoud were staying following the attack , guildford magistrates ' court was told .
a judge was told father-of-three emmett lost his temper after the couple returned to the house where they were staying with a takeaway - and he took exception to the way she was eating .
he admitted assault and was jailed for 12 weeks last friday .
emmett 's former wife abbie died after falling to her death from a hotel while they were on their honeymoon in dubai in 2013 .
at court last week , carole fern , prosecuting , said emmett had calmly returned to the pub to drink more after beating up miss saoud .
she was left in the street with a nose bleed .
ms fern added : ` they were eating dinner , she was eating quickly as she was hungry .
they had a difference of opinion about her manner of eating .
she said he grabbed her around the neck with one hand and hit her in the face .
` he does say she slapped him first and in her statement she does say she slapped him .
' ms fern said the man who they were staying with then heard emmett tell his partner to ` get out ' .
` she 's injured now and she 's on the street , ' the prosecutor said .
` it 's about 8.30 or 9 in the evening .
while this is happening the defendant goes back to the pub .
motorcyclist : a judge was told father-of-three emmett -lrb- pictured at snetterton circuit in norfolk in 2006 -rrb- lost his temper after the couple returned to the house where they were staying with a takeaway .
sentenced :