the fa will hold talks with england team sponsors vauxhall to revamp the fans ' man of the match award derailed by online voters for both the san marino and estonia games .
england supporters made a mockery of vauxhall 's fans engagement initiative by making goalkeeper joe hart motm on each occasion despite him rarely touching the ball in either euro 2016 qualifier .
joe hart was voted man of the match in both of england 's games against san marino and estonia .
fans voted for hart as their man of the match not once but twice and england could change the system .
the fa/vauxhall view is that a one-off cheeky protest about the san marino mismatch where 63 per cent of the vote went to hart was fair enough but not when it was repeated in tallinn when an 82 per cent majority picked the manchester city player .
vauxhall are keen to keep the fans centrally involved in the vote , but need to work on a safety procedure that guards against ridiculous choices being made in future .
tv rights holders itv choose the official vauxhall man of the match award at wembley and co-commentator andy townsend went for jack wilshere after the stroll against san marino .
the graphic shows that hart received 82 per cent of the fans votes for man of the match against estonia .
jack wilshere was named vauxhall 's official man of the match by itv commentator andy townsend .
fifa 's media team are holding a beauty parade of pr companies in london this week involving webber shandwick , burson-marsteller , hill & knowlton and bell pottinger .
fifa say they are looking for an agency to do corporate event and branding work for them .
but the four firms also have crisis management departments that could be very useful with fifa facing the fallout from the garcia report and tricky world cups in russia and qatar .
ivan gazidis , arsenal 's wealthy chief executive who earned # 2.19 million in the last financial year , will face embarrassing questions at the club 's annual meeting on thursday as to why sub-contracted workers at the emirates stadium are paid less than the minimum london living wage of # 8.80 per hour .
arsenal say none of their direct employees have wages of less than that figure