by .
mail online reporter .
published : .
12:40 est , 9 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
13:07 est , 9 march 2014 .
when it comes to sibling rivalry , sometimes you have to play dirty in order to stop your brothers getting their hands on your stuff .
a fact quickly discovered by one fox cub after he stumbled across a hidden stash of food while out with his siblings in germany .
the discovery immediately sparked a ruckus between the family group , as the strongest and most aggressive animal would get the largest share of the spoils .
a trio of fox cubs have been pictured scrapping over a hidden stash of food in germany .
the trio fought for five minutes to establish who would get the biggest share of the spoils .
the ruckus was caught on camera by british photographer duncan usher , 59 , who hid under a camouflage net .
british photographer duncan usher , 59 , managed to capture the stunning photographs .
he managed to fool the young foxes by ducking into the undergrowth , hidden by a camouflage net .
the red fox is a member of a canidae family which dogs and wolves , but unlike its canine counterparts the fox is not usually a pack animal .
in for the kill : scrapping foxes show off their animal instincts as they squabble over their dinner .
instead foxes either live and hunt alone , or in small family groups , such as the three cubs .
foxes .
are omnivores , meaning they can eat both vegetables and meat , and .
usually prey on small mammals , rodents and amphibians as well as .
berries , fruit and eggs .
they .
rely largely on scavenged food , but can also hunt , taking down fresh .
prey with a pouncing motion which they practice from an early age .
adult foxes hunt fresh prey using a pouncing action which they learn and practice at a young age .
european red foxes are by far the most common type of fox and fee on small animals and berries .
unlike dogs and wolves , to which they are related , foxes are not pack animals and live in small family groups .
foxes are omnivorous , meaning they can eat both