a grandfather who suffered a massive heart attack on a bus has told how he was saved by a good samaritan - who performed cpr on him while singing bee gees classic ` stayin ' alive ' .
retired taxi boss terry holly , 67 , slumped to the floor of the double-decker bus in front of horrified passengers as he headed home from seeing his ex-wife .
sharon thorneywork realised the father-of-three 's heart had failed and remembered a tv advert telling viewers to administer cpr by pumping the chest in time to the bee gees ' song .
terry holly 's life was saved by sharon thorneywork when he had a heart attack on a bus in birmingham .
ms thorneywork performed cpr for 18 minutes until paramedics arrived .
in the british heart foundation commercial , football hard-man vinnie jones demonstrates proper heart massage technique - keeping the correct rhythm by singing the 70s classic .
administration officer ms thorneywork , who works at birmingham children 's hospital , pumped mr holly 's heart for a staggering 18 minutes until paramedics arrived - singing the words to the song as she did so .
she was only on the 67 bus , bound from the erdington area of birmingham to the city centre , by chance , because one of her children was ill so she was running late .
the mother-of-three , 42 , was sitting in front of mr holly on the bus when she noticed him fall over .
she said : ` we came up to a bus stop and in the corner of my eye i saw terry fall .
` i thought he had just lost his balance but i turned around and he was lying with his back to me in the foot well of the seats behind .
ms thorneywork sprang into action when she noticed mr holly slump into the foot well behind her seat and start to turn blue .
` i asked him `` are you alright '' and `` can you hear me '' but he was going quite blue and he was n't breathing properly .
` i turned him over and began feeling for his pulse , but i could n't find one and he was getting more and more blue .
` at that point i started pumping his chest , i