a 19-year old girl 's family discovered her unconscious in her bedroom next to a pool of her own vomit .
shayla ream was rushed to a local eugene , oregon hospital on december 13 after she most-likely inhaled the household product called dust-off to get high .
doctors agree with the girl 's family that the dust-off is the most probable cause of death .
despite her grandfather 's efforts to give her cpr before the paramedics arrived , the girl was in critical condition and died in the hospital the next morning .
shayla ream made the mistakes over 2 million teenagers do each year by deciding to inhale dust off .
dust off cuts off oxygen to the brain and just trying it once could be a fatal choice .
she is survived by her mother tina osborne , her stepfather doug osborne , her sister cassandra ream , and her grandparents margaret and billy ream and bonnie and bob osborne .
shayla 's sister cassandra has spoken out about her sister 's death in the hopes that other people wo n't make the same fatal mistake her sister made .
she spoke to a kval news reporter at services at lane memorial funeral home on friday and said , ' i would n't want this to happen to anybody else , ' cassandra said .
' i really care about other people and for their sake and i know that my sister would care about them .
' her sister described how the compressed gas her sister inhaled killed her in only a few minutes .
` it coated her lungs as she huffed the inhalant called dust-off , ' cassandra said .
` when that happened it left no more oxygen to her brain , which shut off all of her organs .
and it only happened in a matter of minutes .
' shayla 's sister cassandra is speaking out against the drug that took her sister 's life .
unfortunately , inhalants like dust-off have become a popular drug of choice for teenagers because they are sold over the counter at most convenient stores .
the use of inhalants for recreational purposes is called huffing and is more prevalent among the youth than people may think .
according to information from inhalant.org , over 2.6 million children between the ages of 12 and