by .
martin robinson .
published : .
06:20 est , 3 august 2012 .
| .
updated : .
04:22 est , 10 august 2012 .
this is the man who wrote-off a video showing a group of syrian children being tortured as ` british propaganda ' , happily walking the streets of london .
expensively dressed and clutching his briefcase dr fawas akhras is no usual pedestrian , he is the father-in-law of hated tyrant bashar al-assad and apologist for his brutal regime and its atrocities .
akhras , whose daughter asma is married to the syrian president , was probably on his way to work as a cardiologist on london 's exclusive harley street .
apologist : the father-in-law of brutal syrian president bashar al-assad , dr fawas akhras , has been spotted walking down a london street .
looking down as he strolled the quiet acton street , he then jumped into a luxury bmw .
neighbours said that he has not been seen in the area since may but he reappeared this week .
earlier this year a series of explosive emails showed that he was backing his tyrant son-in-law and what he was doing to his own people .
he has also defended the regime publicly in an interview .
in correspondence to al-assad , signed off with ` warmest ' , he rubbished un worries about the number of deaths in syria .
he also branded the west hypocrites for taking action to stop wall street protestors , and torture in guantanamo and abu ghraib jails as well as setting out a 13-point critique explaining why criticisms of al-assad 's regime were wrong , calling it the ` direct the .
argument toward the other side .
' off to work : akhras gets into his bmw and was perhaps off to harley street where he works as a cardiologist .
couple : asma al-assad , left , is fawas akhras ' daughter , and is married to syrian leader bashar al-assad , right .
denials : the cardiologist has defended the actions of his son-in-law , revealed in e-mails and interviews he has given .
mass grave : a funeral of 35 victims of shelling in the town of artouz , near damascus , shows the scale of violence in the country .
astonishingly he also compared the syrian uprising to the