by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
13:33 est , 17 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
01:47 est , 18 june 2013 .
a cold-blooded hitman who has admitted to murdering 20 people has taken the stand today against james ` whitey ' bulger and said he was ` heartbroken ' when he learned that his former boss was an fbi informant .
john ` the executioner ' martorano , one of the most feared men in organized crime , said on monday he felt betrayed by bulger and his partner stephen ` the rifle ' flemmi - which he said is why he decided to turn state 's witness .
martorano , 72 , is a star witness in the bulger trial .
he has said he had a detailed knowledge of many of the 19 murders bulger is accused of committing and is expected to testify about bulger 's other misdeeds during his reign of terror as a boston organized crime boss .
turning : john martorano , who has admitted to killing 20 people , claimed he was ` heartbroken ' when he learned that his former boss has been supplying information to the government .
facing justice : james ` whitey ' bulger is accused of murder , extortion and running a criminal enterprise .
he described shooting dead rival mob member alfred ` indian al ' notorangeli from a car in 1974 while bulger rode behind him another car that was ready to block out anyone to tried to get in the way of the hit .
before martorano killed notorangeli , he gunned down bartender michael milano , who had the misfortune of driving the same car as notorangeli .
martorano called that murder ' a mistake , ' because milano was n't the intended target .
a crime scene photo from the time reveals milano 's car riddled with bullet holes .
martorano also said he killed one of notorangeli 's henchmen , albert plummer , in a hail of bullets .
he served just 12 years in prison after admitting to the killings under a plea deal .
he now lives in a quiet suburb of boston on a golf course .
he testified that he collects social security .
however , he was also paid $ 250,000 for the film rights to his story and has