by .
associated press .
published : .
15:21 est , 29 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
00:48 est , 30 january 2014 .
a cruise ship on which hundreds of passengers and crew members fell ill returned to port wednesday in new jersey , with health officials recommending those still showing symptoms to check in at hotels or seek medical care before heading home .
one woman aboard the explorers of the sea yelled , ` we made it !
' as the ship docked in bayonne .
other passengers , with blankets wrapped around them , stood on deck to watch the ship pull in .
the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention said its latest count puts the number of those sickened at 630 passengers and 54 crew members .
the ship , on a 10-day cruise that had to be cut short , was carrying 3,050 passengers .
home at last : a royal caribbean ship returned to port wednesday in bayonne , nj , after nearly 700 passengers and crew members became ill at sea .
home : the royal caribbean cruise ship is now back in new jersey .
nearly 700 crew and passengers fell ill aboard the explorer of the seas , the highest number of sick people reported on any cruise ship in two decades .
sick ship : at least 629 passengers and 54 cruise workers got sick , but not all at the same time .
according to the centers for disease control , explorer of the seas the distinction of being the cruise ship with the highest number of sick people in 20 years .
ca n't wait to get off !
people look out from the explorer of the seas cruise ship as it docks at a berth .
passengers of royal caribbean 's explorer of the seas exit the cape liberty cruise port at bayonne , new jersey .
health .
investigators suspect norovirus , but lab results are not expected until .
later this week .
if norovirus is to blame , it would be one of the .
largest norovirus outbreaks in last 20 years , the cdc said .
a 2006 .
norovirus outbreak on a carnival cruise lines ship also sickened close .
to 700 .
norovirus -- once .
known as norwalk virus -- is highly contagious .