the notorious underarm delivery that created one of the most controversial moments in world cricket history is still hard to revisit after more than three decades .
but as australia and new zealand go head-to-head in the world cup final at the melbourne cricket ground on sunday , the underarm bowling incident from 1981 will inevitably come back to haunt .
the controversial bowl triggered a cold war between the two nations after the infamous day on february 1 when new zealand needed six runs with one ball remaining to draw the match .
but aussie skipper greg chappell instructed the bowler , who was his younger brother trevor , to deliver the ball underarm in a bid to prevent batsman brian mckechnie any chance of hitting a six .
scroll down for video .
it was a single bowl that triggered a massive uproar at the time when aussie bowler delivered an underarm .
as the ball gently rolled down the pitch , mckechnie blocked the ball before he tossed his bat to the ground out of anger and disgust .
australia went on to win the match but the hell that followed left the chappell brothers struggling to cope under the pressure from the backlash .
despite the underarm bowling was not ruled as illegal at the time , it was deemed ` an act of cowardice ' and against the true spirit of cricket that cost new zealand the tournament .
aussie bowler trevor chappell , right , bowls underarm to new zealand batsman brian mckechnie on the last ball of a one-day international from which new zealand needed to hit six runs to force a tie .
trevor chappell bowls under-arm , as ordered by brother greg at the melbourne cricket ground in 1981 .
but black caps fast bowler tim southee , who was two-years-old at the time of the underarm incident , said the infamous bowl is rarely mentioned .
' i guess a few of us were too young to remember seeing it but we know it happened , ' southee said at a conference on friday .
' i have n't heard too much about the underarm .
' while new zealand prepares ahead of their first ever world cup final on sunday , aussie skipper michael clarke has announced his retirement from one-day cricket on the eve of the match .