the tequila sure looks real , so do the beer taps .
inside the hospital at the national institutes of health , researchers are testing a possible new treatment to help heavy drinkers cut back - using a replica of a fully stocked bar .
the idea : sitting in the dimly lit bar-laboratory should cue the volunteers ' brains to crave a drink , and help determine if an experimental pill counters that urge .
true , there 's no skunky bar odor ; these bottles are filled with colored water .
the real alcohol is locked in the hospital pharmacy , ready to send over for the extra temptation of smell - and to test how safe the drug is if people drink anyway .
dr. george koob , director of the national institute on alcohol abuse and alcoholism , left , and niaaa scientist dr. lorenzo leggio pose in a research laboratory designed as a bar inside the national institutes of healthís hospital in bethesda , maryland .
` the goal is to create almost a real-world environment , but to control it very strictly , ' said lead researcher dr. lorenzo leggio , who is testing how a hormone named ghrelin that sparks people 's appetite for food also affects their desire for alcohol , and if blocking it helps .
amid all the yearly resolutions to quit , alcohol use disorders affect about 17 million americans , and only a small fraction receives treatment .
there 's no one-size-fits-all therapy , and the nih is spurring a hunt for new medications that target the brain 's addiction cycle in different ways - and to find out which options work best in which drinkers .
` alcoholics come in many forms , ' explained dr. george koob , director of nih 's national institute of alcohol abuse and alcoholism , which has published new online guides , explaining who 's at risk and what can help .
what 's the limit ?
niaaa says ` low-risk ' drinking means no more than four drinks in any single day and no more than 14 in a week for men , and no more than three drinks a day and seven a week for women .
genes play a role in who 's vulnerable to crossing the line into alcohol abuse .
so do environmental factors , such