by .
luke salkeld .
published : .
19:31 est , 7 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
06:23 est , 8 january 2014 .
the shape of the british coastline is being changed for ever by storms that continued to lash the country yesterday .
some of our most famous natural landmarks have been washed away by the driving rain and howling winds .
swathes of chesil beach were lost to the sea and a 150 million-year-old stack known as pom pom rock has collapsed on the jurassic coast in dorset .
the latest damage followed the total .
destruction of a rock arch at porthcothan bay in north cornwall .
it came .
as forecasters released a weather map showing that all areas of england .
and wales are now at risk of flooding .
police told residents near .
chesil beach in dorset to move to upstairs rooms facing away from the .
sea , while three severe flood warnings , the highest level , were issued .
in the county .
scroll down for video .
before and after : the rock , known as pom pom rock , pictured two weeks ago -lrb- left -rrb- and the boulders left scattered after the stack was washed away -lrb- right -rrb- .
storms : waves smash against the promenade in aberystwyth , wales .
collapsed : the stormy conditions brings down a victorian shelter on the promenade in aberystwyth , wales , which was damaged by large waves .
the environment agency confirmed that a large amount of shingle on the beach had been ` displaced by the heavy weather ' .
elsewhere , storms from the atlantic continued to bring heavy rain on to saturated ground , putting added pressure on swollen rivers .
seven people have died and more than 1,700 homes and businesses have been flooded in england since the beginning of the christmas period .
the environment agency map showing the shocking extent of flooding in britain revealed there are 360 flood warnings or alerts in place for england , wales and scotland .
the met office said heavy showers , some with hail and thunder , would continue to lash parts of britain today -- as statistics showed some of us saw our wettest december in more than half a century .
about 6.5 inches -lrb- 165.1 mm -rrb- of