the internet has revolutionised the way we communicate and a third of the world 's population use it to stay connected .
now , texas-based internet cartographer and computer scientist john matherly has used software to ` ping ' all of these global web devices and create a map demonstrating the technology 's global reach .
in the majority of cases , this signal was sent to routers rather than individual gadgets , but mr matherly said iphone and android devices have appeared previously .
connected : texas-based internet cartographer and computer scientist john matherly has used software to ` ping ' global web devices to build a map -lrb- pictured -rrb- demonstrating the technology 's global reach .
the cartographer said it took around five hours to ping all ip addresses on august 2 .
the map then took more than 12 hours to create .
` pinging ' an ip address involves sending a signal to the device from a server , which causes the connection to ` light up ' - albeit not physically .
mr matherly is founder of shodan , a search engine for connected devices .
different colours represent the density of devices in that region , and unsurprisingly , the world 's largest cities in developed countries glow the brightest .
red areas contain a lot of web-enabled devices , while green areas contain fewer .
black areas are regions where no signal was received .
while it may be no surprise that there seem to be less internet-connected devices in parts of africa , mr matherly explained his map is not precise because some organisations block ping requests .
it is thought that areas of china should be coloured bright red on the map , but the country 's ` great firewall ' explains why most of the country looks dark .
the cartographer said it took five hours to ` ping ' all ip addresses on 2 august .
the map then took more than 12 hours to create .
red areas contain a lot of web-enabled devices , while black areas contain the fewest .
it is easy to see how well-connected areas like europe and the us -lrb- pictured -rrb- contrast with greenland and africa .
internet blackout : it is thought that areas of china should be coloured bright red on the map , but the country 's