by .
katy winter .
clearly enjoying life in new york , princess eugenie beamed as she enjoyed a trip out with her mother last night ahead of mother 's day on sunday .
the duchess of york , sarah ferguson and her daughter attended the gavel & grand benefit auction at the glamourous bowery hotel which helped to raise funds for numerous charitable organisations .
the mother daughter duo kept things simple in black and grey dresses respectively , paired with black heels .
the duchess of york and daughter princess eugenieattend the gavel & grand benefit auction at the bowery hotel last night .
the two looked understandably delighted to be reunited ahead of mother 's day , as eugenie continues her position with a new york-based auction house .
fergie wore a button-down dress with crystal buttons for a touch of glamour but she kept her make-up to a minimal and with her loose .
the 24-year-old princess upped dressed up her grey long-sleeved skater dress with two chain necklaces and a sweep of red lipstick .
the two looked understandably delighted to be reunited , as eugenie continues her position with new york based auction house , paddle8 , which keeps the two on opposite sides of the atlantic .
though it is not known how long the duchess will remain in new york , it is possible she plans to spend the weekend in the city , allowing her to spend mother 's day on sunday with eugenie .
the mother daughter duo kept things simple in black and grey dresses respectively , paired with black heels .
eugenie posed for photographs with a guest at the event , which helped to raise funds for numerous charitable organisations .
the princess waits for the bumbys , who dressed in wigs , sunglasses and with handkerchiefs across their faces , to complete appraisals .
osman khan and alexander gilkes , founders of paddle8 , the auction house which eugenie is working for in new york , posed with their royal employee and her mother .
as well as visiting her youngest daughter , fergie was in new york to attend the benefit -lrb- which saw appraisals being conducted by auctioneers dressed in rather odd red wigs , sunglasses , and with handkerchiefs across their faces -rrb- as she had donated one of the prizes .
lucky