claims : the white house allegedly knew the location of james foley and other hostages in syria five weeks before a rescue mission was given the go-ahead .
the white house allegedly knew the location of james foley and other hostages in syria five weeks before the failed rescue mission was given the go-ahead .
according to fox news , officials from the obama administration knew where the journalist , who was beheaded by isis , and other british and american hostages were being held in may .
however the mission to try and extract them was delayed until early july - prompting questions the set back was unnecessary .
the source told the station : ` we had a lot of really good information on where they were being held , very specific information .
' they added that hostages were only moved between a handful of locations because they felt the city of raqqa was so secure .
the group of british and american hostages were even said to have been held in one location for three weeks .
a former military official also told the station that when the team ` finally did go ' they felt the intelligence was ` drying up ' .
diane foley , james ' mother , has always believed that there was information about her son 's location long before the rescue attempt .
she has maintained that the effort came too late , but admits it was a problematic mission because it was dangerous .
foley was killed in a graphic propaganda video released in august by the terrorist organization , which calls itself the islamic state - but new details from his two years in captivity are still emerging .
the 40-year-old from rochester , new hampshire , was captured not far from the syrian border with turkey in 2012 by a small jihadist group which would later swear fealty to isis .
scroll down for video .
following his death , white house counterterrorism adviser told the press : ` the u.s. government had what we believed was sufficient intelligence , and when the opportunity presented itself , the president authorized the department of defense to move aggressively to recover our citizens .
` unfortunately , that mission was ultimately not successful because the hostages were not present .
' foley was killed in a graphic propaganda video