ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats .
here is all the information you need for hull 's home clash with southampton ... hull city vs southampton -lrb- kc stadium -rrb- .
kick-off : saturday 3pm .
odds -lrb- subject to change -rrb- : .
hull 5/2 .
draw 23/10 .
southampton 11/10 .
referee : martin atkinson .
managers : steve bruce -lrb- hull -rrb- , ronald koeman -lrb- southampton -rrb- .
head-to-head league record : hull wins 12 , draws 18 , southampton wins 20 .
team news .
hull .
hull could face southampton with the same xi that started last week 's draw with liverpool .
goalkeepers allan mcgregor -lrb- shoulder -rrb- and steve harper -lrb- bicep -rrb- are still out , meaning third-choice eldin jakupovic continues in goal .
gaston ramirez is ineligible to face his parent club , tom ince has joined nottingham forest on loan and michael dawson -lrb- ankle -rrb- , nikica jelavic and robert snodgrass -lrb- both knee -rrb- are all out .
provisional squad : jakupovic , watson , davies , rosenior , robertson , chester , bruce , mcshane , elmohamady , meyler , diame , huddlestone , livermore , brady , aluko , quinn , hernandez , ben arfa , aluko .
hull 's third-choice keeper eldin jakupovic could again start for hull against southampton on saturday .
southampton .
sadio mane could return to the southampton squad as saints look to maintain their impressive run of form at hull .
mane was rested as a precaution against stoke in the capital one cup on wednesday night .
the midfielder was expected to train on friday in the hope that he will be included in the squad that travels to east yorkshire .
saints manager ronald koeman , whose team have won six of their last seven barclays premier league matches , otherwise has a full squad to select from .
provisional squad : forster , k davis , cropper , clyne , fonte , gardos , alderweireld , bertrand , targett , schneiderlin , s davis , wanyama , reed , cork , tadic , yoshida , mane , long , mayuka , pelle , gallagher .
sadio