by .
bianca london .
kate moss may have already graced the cover of vogue 34 times but clearly we ca n't get enough of fashion 's most famous face .
kate , who recently became a contributing fashion editor for the style bible , is back on its cover showcasing one of her brand new designs for topshop .
clearly kate is so iconic that she does n't need an introduction ; her name does n't even feature on the glossy cover .
dazzling : kate moss is vogue 's may cover star - her 35th for the glossy fashion bible .
she wears a fringed jacket from her upcoming topshop collection .
shot by craig mcdean , 40-year-old kate .
poses in a fringed jacket from her upcoming topshop collection .
the .
eye-catching design is modelled on a much-loved one that she lost years ago .
kate has designed the jacket , amongst other pieces , for her imminent clothing range for topshop .
inside the magazine , .
for her second shoot as contributing fashion editor , kate has styled .
model freja beha erichsen .
freja wears a .
leather waistcoat , chiffon top and shorts - all of kate 's own designs for .
topshop - along with a leather corset from jitrois .
sneak peek : kate has styled model freja beha erichsen who wears a leather waistcoat , chiffon top and shorts - all of kate 's own designs for topshop .
when vogue announced kate 's new role last october they promised she would bring her decades of experience in the industry to fashion shoots and ` work with her choice of photographers and models ' .
at the time , alexandra shulman , said : ' i am absolutely delighted that kate .
is going to work with us in this new role .
` her .
undoubtedly brilliant sense of style , depth of fashion knowledge and .
understanding of what makes a wonderful image will be exciting to see on .
the pages of british vogue .
i am really looking forward to working with .
her on ideas .
' natural career development : the model will bring her years of experience on fashion shoots to her role , said shulman at the time .
sarah doukas , founder of storm models who represent moss , added