huddersfield ensured their status in the sky bet championship with three games remaining thanks to a goalless draw at brighton .
the point for the seagulls ended a run of three successive defeats , but their goal drought continues and they are now without a goal from one of their own players for nine hours and 20 minutes .
albion are still not out of danger towards the bottom of the table and are seven points above the drop zone with three games left .
brighton 's beram kayal -lrb- left -rrb- and huddersfield 's jacob butterfield battle for the ball at the amex stadium .
mustapha carayol -lrb- right -rrb- attempts to get away from tommy smith as the hosts go on the attack .
birmingham 's highly-rated winger demarai gray was on target for the second successive game as his strike rescued a point in city 's 2-2 draw against blackburn at st andrew 's .
the hosts twice came from behind to salvage a share of the spoils in the sky bet championship fixture with gray following up his winner against wolves last weekend with another classy piece of finishing in the 78th minute .
blackburn captain matt kilgallon had put rovers ahead after just eight minutes with his first goal in over a year .
a stirring second-half fight back from birmingham saw them draw level when full-back jonathan grounds grabbed a 64th-minute equaliser .
the ever reliable jordan rhodes looked to have earned blackburn only their second win in their last five championship games with his 18th goal of the season four minutes later .
birmingham city 's jonathan grounds heads home his side 's first goal against blackburn rovers .
demarai gray nets birmingham 's second equaliser during their 2-2 at st andrew 's on tuesday night .
but gray popped up to ensure birmingham extended their unbeaten home record to seven games , while rovers have now not been beaten in eight league and cup matches on the road .
adam le fondre 's seventh goal of the season rescued a point for bolton and ensured charlton 's third successive skybet championship draw .
the on-loan cardiff marksman netted for a second successive game after 78 minutes when it seemed charlton were comfortably protecting frederic bulot 's ninth-minute opener .
wanderers had goalkeeper adam bogdan to thank for keeping it at 1-0 before