president obama 's top military general told a u.s. senate panel on tuesday that american troops might soon provide iraqi forces with ` close combat advising ' in the fight against the isis terror army .
that clarification of the pentagon 's mission in the middle east could mean that u.s. soldiers and marines are embedded with iraqi army units , helping them conduct warfare .
gen. martin dempsey , who chairs the military 's joint chiefs of staff , told the senate armed services committee that the american military is currently serving a purely advisory role .
but in certain circumstances , he said , they might provide ` close combat advising .
' citing a hypothetically urgent mission focused on ` retaking mosul ' as anti-war protesters provided frequent interruptions , he said he could envision u.s. troops ` accompanying that mission .
' scroll down for video .
' i ca n't believe we 're still protesting this s ** t !
' : anti-war protesters tried to preempt testimony from defense secretary chuck hagel on monday .
joint chiefs chairman gen. martin dempsey -lrb- right -rrb- said he might recommend inserting u.s. troops to ` accompany ' iraqis in combat situations , if airstrikes failed to neutralize isis .
protesters , from the far-left codepink group , numbered at least 10 -- all of whom managed to get into the hearing room without a challenge from capitol police .
asked by new hampshire republican sen. kelly ayotte whether the president has ruled out the use of american ground forces in a combat role , dempsey responded , ` yes .
but he has told me as well to come back to him on a case-by-case basis .
' he said that if needed , he ` would go back to the president and make a recommendation that may include the use of ground forces .
' in his opening statement , he said that ` if we reach the point where i believe our advisers should accompany iraqi troops on attacks against specific isil targets , i will recommend that to the president .
' isil is an alternate name for isis .
president obama has maintained that american forces wo n't have a combat mission in iraq .
but oklahoma republican sen. jim inhofe said tuesday that he 's not convinced the white house is