by .
daily mail reporter .
usually it is david walliams watching wife lara stone strut the runway from fashion 's front row .
but on sunday , their roles are set to be reversed as the comedian will be taking to the catwalk along with a host of celebrities at samuel l jackson 's upcoming charity ball at london 's natural history museum .
joining walliams on the catwalk will be tinie tempah , bear grylls , mr .
hudson , david walliams , greg minnaar , simon pegg , daniel bruhl , richard .
jones , george lamb , graham norton and jeremy piven .
role reversal : on sunday , lara stone will be on the sidelines when husband david walliams takes to the catwalk at samuel l jackson 's upcoming charity ball .
supermodel stone will be in fine company too - wolf of wall street actress margot robbie will be in attendance , as well as avengers actor chris evans , amanda holden and sophie ellis bextor , while paloma faith is set to perform for the 200 guests .
the charity ball , which forms part of london collections : men , will feature designs by alexander mcqueen , asprey , fendi , giorgio armani , .
hugo boss , richard james and y-3 on the catwalk .
star-studded : paloma faith will perform at the event , and margot robbie will be in attendance .
all proceeds will benefit the one .
for the boys male cancer foundation , a cause close to samuel l jackson 's heart .
the pulp fiction actor said in a statement : ` men do n't tend to talk about their health issues , .
worrying about appearing vulnerable .
the problem is that they do not .
have enough information on the subject .
` one .
for the boys focuses on cutting through the noise to educate men , in .
the hope that we can have a similar reach to that of the pink .
campaigns .
' london-bound : samuel l jackson will chair the fashion fundraiser at the natural history museum on june 15 .
the one for the boys fashion ball is one of several events running throughout the year to raise awareness and money for cancers that specifically affect men .
mr jackson has been the face of sofia davis