poppi worthington died in 2012 .
a senior coroner ordered an inquest into the 13-month-old 's death after a hearing in october declared it ` unascertained ' a fresh inquest was ordered yesterday into the death of 13-month-old poppi worthington .
the decision means more than two years of official silence over the case may finally be broken .
poppi died in december 2012 but the public have been told nothing about what happened to her or how social workers and police handled the affair .
it follows a seven-minute inquest in october during which cumbria coroner ian smith gave no information about the circumstances leading to the girl 's death .
it simply found that her death was ` unascertained ' .
ian smith , coroner for the south and east district , did not refer to the events leading up to poppi 's death and said the cause could not be ascertained .
he said he was ` satisfied ' that the findings of a private family court hearing were sufficient .
lawyers representing several newspaper groups - times newspapers ltd , guardian news & media and associated newspapers limited - wrote to her majesty 's senior coroner for cumbria , david roberts , to argue the inquest was insufficient and therefore unlawful .
in a written reply to law firm rpc , mr roberts , said : ` my own view is that it would be desirable for a fresh inquest to take place , not least so that conclusions as to how , when and where poppi worthington came by her death can be recorded .
` neither i nor mr smith has power to hold a further inquest without the permission of the high court .
however , it is open to me to seek a fiat -lrb- order -rrb- from the attorney general to pursue an application under section 13 of the coroners act for an order that a fresh inquest is to be held and i will now be doing so .
' there have been two arrests relating to poppi 's death on december 12 , 2012 , including her father , paul , 47 , who was questioned on suspicion of sexually assaulting her .
cumbria constabulary has passed a file to the crown prosecution service -lrb- cps -rrb- to consider whether any criminal proceedings should be brought .
a cps