a texas high school teacher shot himself .
dead on wednesday , a day after he resigned from his position following .
allegations he had an improper sexual relationship with a student .
mark lampman , 47 , a government teacher at permian high school in odessa was found by deputies in west odessa on wednesday afternoon in an open field , the odessa american reported .
lampman , who had worked at the school for 17 years and was also the assistant girls golf coach , resigned tuesday afternoon after an accusation about an improper relationship with a female student was made to school officials .
even more shocking is that over the last .
year , four other female teachers at the school have come under .
allegations that they have also had sexual relationships with students .
suicide : permian high school teacher mark lampman , 47 , pictured in 2008 , killed himself amid allegations that he had an inappropriate relationship with a student .
alisha carrasco knighten , a physical education teacher and assistant softball coach at permian high school , resigned last week amid an investigation of a possible improper relationship with a student .
alisha carrasco knighten , an assistant softball coach at permian , resigned last week amid an investigation into a possible improper relationship with a student .
such allegations cover any sexual contact or intercourse between a student and teacher .
carrasco knighten was placed on paid administrative leave on april 28 and resigned two days later .
another unidentified female teacher resigned earlier this month over similar allegations according the the local paper .
in april 2013 , swimming and diving coach kathryn maples , 28 , resigned over allegations of an improper relationship with a 17-year-old student .
she was indicted in june on three charges of an improper relationship including sending sexually explicit photographs to a student and online solicitation .
a trainer at permian , april collins , 28 , also reigned that month over allegations of an improper relationship with a 19-year-old student .
sex scandal : four of the five teachers who have resigned are members of permian high school 's prestigious sports department made famous in hit book , film and tv show friday night lights .
inspiration : permian high school 's football team featured in the book friday night lights which