by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
15:42 est , 25 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
05:18 est , 26 september 2012 .
the ` manhattan madam ' admitted tuesday to running a high-end prostitution service from her new york city apartment .
anna gristina , 44 , pleaded guilty in manhattan criminal court to a single count of promoting prostitution .
the sole charge against her stemmed from a tryst she allegedly arranged between two prostitutes and an .
undercover police officer , who was posing as a client , in july 2011 .
copping a plea : anna gristina , pictured leaving court on tuesday , has pleaded guilty to running a high-end prostitution service from her new york city apartment .
counsel : gristina exits manhattan criminal court with her attorney norman pattis , left , after pleading guilty to charges that she ran a prostitution service from her apartment in manhattan .
she took the deal in exchange for a promised sentence of time already served , dnainfo reported , meaning she wo n't be going back to jail as she was in rikers island for four months earlier this year .
gristina will be ordered to serve five months probation when she is sentenced on november 20 .
the judge warned the scottish-born mother of four that she could also be deported .
the punishment is much more lenient than the potential outcome of a trial ; she could have faced seven .
years behind bars if she had been found guilty at a trial scheduled for next month .
she appeared in court at 4 .
p.m. on tuesday with her husband , two sons and daughter by her side .
gristina , also known as the ` soccer mom madam ' , had denied before she went to court that there would be any such plea deal .
` yes , i 'm going to court today , ' she told the new york daily news .
` i 'm going to listen to the options .
a trial is still a strong option .
there will be no plea today .
' avoiding jail : gristina reportedly took the deal in exchange for a promised sentence of time already served , meaning she wo n't be going back to jail as she was in rikers island for