harvard university is under fire from faculty and students for secretly photographing about 2,000 undergraduates in 10 lecture halls last spring as part of a study on classroom attendance .
the experiment was disclosed at a faculty meeting tuesday and first reported in the harvard crimson student newspaper .
harvard computer science professor harry lewis asked administrators about the study during the meeting , saying he learned about it from two colleagues .
` you should do studies only with the consent of the people being studied , ' lewis told the boston globe on wednesday .
candid camera : harvard university has admitted to secretly photographing students in classes in 10 lecture halls , in which more than 2,000 students were enrolled , as part of a study of classroom attendance .
brett biebelberg , a junior involved in student government , called the study 's secretive nature ` strikingly hypocritical ' , given that the university recently adopted an honor code for the first time .
` investigating ' : harvard president drew faust says that she takes this matter ` very seriously ' students and teachers were not notified because researchers did not want to introduce potential bias into the study , harvard administrators said .
the cameras took pictures every minute and a computer program used them to count empty and occupied seats .
the study was done by harvard 's initiative for learning and teaching , overseen by vice provost peter bol , and authorized by the school 's institutional review board .
professors whose lectures were monitored were told in august and all gave permission for the data to be used in the study , he said .
students were not told and the images themselves were destroyed , he said .
the university said they were not trying to track students .
neither was it meant to monitor the teachers .
however it is unclear whether the controversial experiment was meant to do anything other than record attendance .
harvard in march 2013 was criticized for secretly searching the university email accounts of 16 deans to find out who leaked information about a cheating scandal to the media .
that led to new privacy policies on electronic communication this past spring .
president drew faust said she will have the latest case reviewed by a panel that oversees the newly established electronic communications