alice powell , a 21-year-old racing driver from chipping norton , is in contention to drive alongside the likes of lewis hamilton at the abu dhabi grand prix after her grandfather said he would pay to turn her dream into reality .
powell , whose formula one aspirations are supported by the prime minister , would become only the sixth woman ever to take part in a formula one weekend .
her opportunity has come about in extra-ordinary circumstances , after caterham went into administration at the end of last month .
the administrators have since launched a ` crowd-funding ' project whereby the public can contribute towards a target of # 2.35 million that would allow the team , who have missed the last two races , to compete at the championship decider in abu dhabi on sunday week .
alice powell could be given a chance to make her formula one debut for caterham .
the 21-year-old 's grandfather could pay # 35,000 for her to race at the abu dhabi first practice session .
powell is hoping to line up alongside fellow brits lewis hamilton , jenson button and max chilton .
maria teresa de filippis : the italian became the first female to race in f1 at 1958 belgian grand prix .
lella lombardi : another italian , raced 17 times in 1974-76 and only female to achieve a top-six finish .
divina galica : the brit was multi-talented , captaining women 's olympic ski team in 1968 and 1972 and driving in three grands prix .
desire wilson : qualified 16th for home grand prix in south africa in 1981 , but retired after her car was damaged .
giovanna amati : rose through f3 and f3000 ranks , though she never qualified for f1 grid .
since opening on friday , the scheme has secured more than half the required money .
in return for contributing , the fans are given ` rewards ' -- including bits of old chassis , steering columns and sundry unneeded bits lying around the closed factory in leafield , oxfordshire .
powell 's grandfather , jim fraser , a retired royal air force sergeant , saw an opportunity to get powell her formula one debut .
he wrote to the administrators , smith & williamson , offering to pay # 35,000 in exchange for powell driving in the