it has now been handed over to the police service of northern .
ireland .
by .
bob graham .
published : .
16:10 est , 6 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:10 est , 6 july 2013 .
the night of december 7 , 1972 , is forever branded on michael mcconville 's memory .
that night a gang of masked ira terrorists smashed down the door of his family 's west belfast home and dragged out his mother jean , as several of her ten children clutched at her skirts and screamed .
it was the last time michael , then 11 , was to see his mother alive .
horror : the remains of ira murder victim jean mcconville are recovered from an area near the templetown beach in county louth in 2003 .
now , at last , the mcconville children are on the verge of hearing -- from beyond the grave -- the confession of the ira woman who drove their mother to her death .
and in an explosive testimony , she is believed to have named gerry adams , president of sinn fein , as the ira commander who ordered the execution of michael 's mother .
gerry adams is accused of ordering the 1972 execution .
yesterday , 11 clandestine tapes recorded by republican and loyalist paramilitaries , which have languished for ten years in the archives of the burns library in boston college in the us , were handed over to the police service of northern ireland .
they include an admission from dolores price , one of the ira 's most infamous terrorists , that she ferried michael 's 37-year-old mother to the irish republic where she was tortured , tied up and shot in the head .
and she asserts it was gerry adams who sanctioned the murder .
adams , who now sits in the republic of ireland 's parliament , has always strenuously denied belonging to the ira and any involvement in terrorist murders .
but michael mcconville , now 51 , believes the tapes ' shocking contents could lead to fresh arrests -- among them that of adams .
price 's damning revelation is corroborated in another tape , made by brendan ` darkie ' hughes , the terror-hardened deputy commander of the ira 's belfast brigade .
he , too , insists