by .
james nye .
michael sam , missouri 's all-american defensive lineman has announced he is gay - putting him in the position of becoming the first publicly gay pro-football player in the nfl .
sam , 23 , a 6-foot-2 , 260-pound senior , is predicted to be drafted into the nfl and came out in series of coordinated interviews with the new york times and espn 's outside the lines program on sunday .
` i 'm michael sam .
i 'm a football player and i 'm gay , ' sam , a defensive lineman , said in the video posted online .
' i just want to own my truth before anyone breaks a story about me .
' strong : missouri senior defensive lineman michael sam speaks to the media during an ncaa college football news conference in irving , texas .
sam says he is gay , and he could become the first openly homosexual player in the nfl .
coming out : missouri all-american michael sam says he is gay , and the defensive end could become the first openly homosexual player in the nfl .
proud : michael sam came out to his team mates earlier this year and here he is celebrating with fans after the game against the kentucky wildcats at commonwealth stadium on november 9 , 2013 in lexington , kentucky .
missouri won 48-17 .
he went on to say that when he first spoke with his teammates about his sexuality last august , they rallied around him and supported him .
` we admire michael sam 's honesty and courage , ' the nfl said in a statement .
` michael is a football player .
any player with ability and determination can succeed in the nfl .
we look forward to welcoming and supporting michael sam in 2014 .
' the missouri senior led the southeastern conference last season with 10-and-a-half sacks and 18 tackles and the associated press named him sec defensive player of the year .
representatives for sam had been letting nfl teams aware that he was planning to come out before this month 's nfl scouting combine .
and on saturday evening , it was revealed that sam dined with group of supporters , including former nfl punter chris kluwe and linebackers brendon ayanbadejo - who are both outspoken supporters of