walking your dog , enjoying wine with a picnic and even meeting friends in the street have been turned into offences in a sweeping expansion of police and town hall powers , a report warned last night .
a study by the manifesto club revealed widespread use of a string of little-noticed laws introduced by the last labour government .
the group warned that ` ordinary freedoms and legal protections have been suspended in large areas of public space ' .
wrong ?
enjoying wine with a picnic or meeting friends in the street have been turned into offences in a sweeping expansion of police and town hall powers .
most of the laws were passed under the banner of labour 's ` respect ' agenda which aimed to crack down on anti-social behaviour .
for example , rules banning drinking in public places were supposed to target teenage drinking in parks .
but the powers are so widely drawn that they can be trained on families enjoying a picnic .
the manifesto club said there is particular concern that many of the zones - which are decided by the authorities drawing lines on a map - are not clearly marked .
this means members of the public can commit an offence without knowing they have done anything wrong .
several pensioners have been caught out by ` no-dog ' zones they did not know about .
the penalties can be harsh .
` drinking in a designated public place ' is a criminal offence , and usually punished by an on-the-spot fine .
the maximum penalty is # 500 in some areas .
it would be logged on the police national computer .
dog walking in an area where it is banned , such as straying into a play area in a public park , is a civil matter .
but in all cases the person would end up in court if they did n't pay the fine -- which means a potential criminal record .
walking the dog : the manifesto club warned that ` ordinary freedoms and legal protections have been suspended in large areas of public space ' josie appleton , director of the manifesto club , said : ` ordinary freedoms and legal protections have been suspended in large areas of public space .
` an everyday activity can be an offence if you do