a father was disgusted after his severely disabled son might have to prove he could n't work in order to receive benefits .
liam barker , 18 , was not expected to live beyond three months old after he was born paralysed and has remained on life support since birth .
but liam defied his prognosis and .
celebrated his milestone birthday in december last year despite being .
born with an incredibly rare condition , called myotubular myopathy , a .
terminal muscle wasting disease .
a letter was sent to liam barker 's home saying he might be required to attend a ` work capability assessment ' in order to continue to receive employment and support allowance .
he requires a ventilator to breathe and .
needs constant care from his parents phil barker , 52 , and michelle , 44 , .
at their home in linthorpe , middlesbrough .
the family were awaiting news on which .
benefits their son would be entitled to but were shocked when they .
received a letter which informed them liam would be entitled to .
employment and support allowance but that he may need to attend a ` work .
focus interview ' in order to receive them .
two weeks ago , mrs barker , who also has a 12-year-old daughter , discovered that liam 's child benefit payments had been stopped .
mr barker said : ' i discovered the letter last week .
we 'd been on a week 's respite and it was there when we got back .
' i rang stockton benefit centre and a woman on the phone asked me : `` can he work ?
'' ' i tried to explain his medical condition and she just said : `` it 's a yes or no answer , it 's a standard issue form .
'' mr barker explained that his son could n't work but the lady on the phone said he may have to be interviewed and receive a medical assessment .
the letter insulted the family who claimed the job centre should have looked at liam 's national insurance records beforehand .
the father explained there was no way his son could attend an interview as the only place he visits is the hospital .
the family are still waiting to be instructed on what they are supposed