marilyn monroe famously crooned that diamonds are a girl 's best friend .
well if that lyric is true , then the fascination looks set be the most popular playmate of all .
unfortunately , with a hefty price tag of $ 40 million -lrb- # 27 million -rrb- , the timepiece , by british jeweller graff , is destined to belong to just one of the richest people on the planet .
scroll down for video .
the fascination is made up of 153 carats of the finest white diamonds .
described as the ` world 's most valuable transformable timepiece ' by graff , the fascination can be worn as both a ring and a bracelet , enabling the owner to display its beauty whatever the occasion may be .
the stunning piece was unveiled amid a flurry of excitement and anticipation at the watch industry 's biggest annual trade show , baselworld , in basel , switzerland , earlier today .
the dazzling watch incorporates 153 carats of the very finest white diamonds , while an interchangeable 38 carat flawless pear-shaped diamond can be worn as a bracelet or placed into a tailor-made shank and then worn as a ring .
graff created a stir at last year 's baselworld show when it showcased a # 33 million watch , believed to have been the most expensive in the world .
the graff hallucination was a 110-carat watch coated in colourful rare diamonds .
a model gazes at the piece during its unveiling at the watch industry 's biggest annual trade show , baselworld , in basel , switzerland .
graff diamonds staff are said to have spent thousands of hours making the lady 's watch , which had a colourful layering of diamonds , .
laurence graff , the chairman and founder of graff diamonds , started out as a jewellery apprentice and founded the company in 1960 .
in 1967 , with stores already open in london , mr graff expanded his business into asia , opening up a jewellery concession in singapore .
six years later , he became the first jeweller to win a queen 's award to industry .
he went on to win this again in 1977 , 1994 and 2006 .
the company , which has flagship shops in knightsbridge and on new bond street , opened its first store