by .
emily andrews .
updated : .
06:24 est , 3 january 2012 .
nivin el gamal arriving at the high court , where it was accepted that an islamic ceremony had taken place at the sheikh 's knightsbridge flat in january 2007 before an imam and witnesses .
it 's the stuff of little girls ' dreams .
fall madly in love with a rich prince , marry them and live happily ever after .
unfortunately for former model nivin el gamal , real life did n't follow the fairy-tale .
yesterday at london 's high court the acrimonious breakdown of her relationship with a member of dubai 's ruling family was laid bare in excruciating detail .
she claimed that she secretly married sheikh ahmed al maktoum , one of the middle east 's richest men with a # 19billion fortune , in an islamic ceremony in london four years ago .
he lavished gifts on her such as a bulgari diamond-encrusted watch and large sums of money , and she went on to become pregnant with their child .
but when he had an official marriage with his royal cousin in 2008 , she was unceremoniously dumped and sheikh ahmed denied they were ever in a relationship -- calling her an ` occasional sexual partner ' .
moreover he denied there was ever any ceremony and that the woman who claimed to be his ` wife ' was no more than a ` courtesan ' who attached herself to rich men to buy her things .
he even refused to recognise the .
paternity of their son , now three , until he took a dna test under the .
pseudonym robert smith which confirmed he was his father .
much to miss el gamal 's distress sheikh ahmed , 53 , has never met his son , saeed , nor officially recognised him as such .
yesterday , in a ruling on their .
` marriage ' , mr justice bodey accepted that the islamic ceremony had .
taken place at the sheikh 's knightsbridge flat in january 2007 before an .
imam and two of the sheikh 's staff as witnesses .
but he ruled it could not be recognised in english law , therefore denying her the opportunity to seek any maintenance .
the judge also made it clear he was .
unhappy