pamela anderson has come in for criticism for her very public show of support for an arizona sheriff notorious for his controversial opinions and racial profiling of latinos .
joe arpaio , who calls himself ` america 's toughest sheriff ' , and the former baywatch star appeared odd soul-mates as they joined together at the maricopa county jail on wednesday to promote the benefits of an all-vegetarian diet .
arpaio says cutting meat from the meals served to the more than 8,000 inmates has saved an estimated $ 200,000 per year .
the jail has been serving vegetarian meals for 16 months now .
scroll down for video .
the odd couple : peta spokesperson pamela anderson joined forced with controversial arizona sheriff joe arpaio on wednesday to promote the benefits of a vegetarian diet for prison inmates .
pamela anderson was all smiles as she joined maricopa county sheriff joe arpaio to serve vegetarian meals to inmates at the maricopa county jail , making it the first jail in the country to go entirely vegetarian .
inmates are served a peanut butter sandwich with oranges and some crackers for brunch and a hot meal comprised of different vegetable and soy dishes for dinner .
anderson , a longtime vegan and a spokeswoman for the animal rights group people for the ethical treatment of animals , said she hopes the meal initiative stands as a model for prisons and jails across the country .
anderson and peta have came under fire for their association with the polarizing arpaio , who has long faced criticism that he unfairly targets minorities for law enforcement .
he has described himself as an ` equal opportunity guy , i lock up everybody .
' peta 's senior vice president dan mathews told thinkprogress that the food he saw and tasted during a tour of the food factory plant last month was healthy .
' i was incredibly impressed to see the fresh produce , ' he said .
but a fox news affiliate reporter who visited in 2013 commented that the carrots in the stew were brown and that the soy looked like ` wood chips .
' anderson and peta have came under fire for their association with the polarizing arpaio , who has long faced criticism that he unfairly targets minorities for law enforcement .
anderson , dressed in a red