by .
the associated press .
an 89-year-old philadelphia man was ordered held without bail today on a german arrest warrant charging that he aided and abetted in the deaths of 216,000 jews while he was a guard at the auschwitz death camp .
u.s. authorities arrested retired toolmaker johann ` hans ' breyer on tuesday .
he spent the night in custody and appeared frail during a detention hearing in federal court , where he wore an .
olive green prison jumpsuit and carrying a cane .
legal .
filings unsealed today indicate that the district court in .
weiden , germany , issued a warrant for breyer 's arrest the day before , .
charging him with 158 counts of complicity in the commission of murder .
scroll down for video .
johann ` hans ' breyer 's wife shirley breyer speaks to reporters outside her home in philadelphia after her husband 's arrest on wednesday over his alleged role at auschwitz during the second world war .
suspected nazi prison guard johann ` hans ' breyer , lives at this philadelphia home , pictured center , along with his wife .
he moved to the u.s. in the 1950s .
each .
count represents a trainload of nazi prisoners from hungary , germany .
and czechoslovakia who were killed at auschwitz-birkenau between may .
1944 and october 1944 , the documents said .
breyer was born in 1925 in what was then .
czechoslovakia to an ethnic german father and an american mother , .
katharina , who was born in philadelphia .
slovakia became a separate .
state in 1939 under the influence of nazi germany .
in 1942 , the waffen .
ss embarked on a drive to recruit ethnic germans there and breyer .
joined at age 17 .
the fact he was a minor at the time was critical in .
the 2003 decision to allow him to stay in the united states .
in .
1951 , american military authorities in germany carried out a background .
check on breyer when he first applied for a visa to the u.s. .
the file from that investigation lists .
him as being with a ss totenkopf , or ` death 's head ' , battalion in .
auschwitz as late as dec. 29 , 1944 , four months after he said he .