american clothing brand under armour has confirmed a four-year kit deal with andy murray , bringing to an end the british no 1 's clothing association with adidas .
as revealed by sportsmail , under armour - who kit out tottenham hotspur , skier lindsey vonn and golfer jordan spieth - were the frontrunners in negotiations for murray 's new clothing contract as his five-year deal with adidas came to an end .
and it was confirmed on tuesday morning that murray has agreed a four-year deal with the company , which will begin from thursday when he wears their kit for the first time against feliciano lopez in the mubadala world tennis championship exhibition event in abu dhabi .
andy murray pictured in the clothing of under armour - the british no 1 has a four-year deal with the brand .
murray wearing an adidas t-shirt during a training session ahead of the australian open earlier this year .
mousa dembele , wearing tottenham hotspur 's under armour kit , in action against manchester united .
murray said : ' i am very honoured and excited to be joining team under armour and to help them tell their story globally .
` they are committed to providing innovative apparel , accessories , and footwear , with an unmatched focus on training and performance .
' murray started his career in the clothes of the fred perry label before signing a lucrative $ 15million -lrb- # 9.6 m -rrb- five-year deal with adidas in 2009 .
murray trains in the gym in dubai on monday as he shapes up for the start of the 2015 season .
murray posted this picture on monday as he hit with british no 2 james ward at the aviation club in dubai .
the scot will continue to wear adidas barricade shoes until under armour have developed footwear specifically for him , for which the process is estimated to take at least six months .
murray is currently training in dubai and begins the new year in abu dhabi before heading down under to represent great britain in the hopman cup alongside heather watson from january 5 in perth .
the australian open , the first grand slam of the year , begins in melbourne on january 19 .