by .
deni kirkova .
published : .
06:20 est , 5 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:12 est , 7 november 2013 .
kelly brook cooked up a storm in a set of sexy pictures for her new underwear range for new look last week .
now the curvy celebrity juice presenter , 33 , has put some clothes on for her latest venture with the high street fashion brand : a festive clothing line .
oozing vampish glamour , kelly models three glitzy looks in new images and behind the scenes footage including a fitted black # 40 dress with daring thigh split .
scroll down for video .
kelly wears dress -lrb- # 39.99 -rrb- necklace -lrb- # 12.99 -rrb- and shoes -lrb- # 29.99 -rrb- from her new look christmas collection .
materials include plush velvet , shimmering sequins and on-trend aztec brocade .
kelly 's .
latest partywear range aims to be a modern take on .
glamour and features eye-catching details such as jewelled necklines .
and bold shoulder detailing .
alongside fail-safe black , she has worked with rich wine-tones and metallic effects for extra festive dazzle .
the collection features everything from cute shorts and svelte midi-length pencil skirts to hit-the-floor evening gowns .
stand-out .
pieces include a sequined jumpsuit suspended from delicate .
lingerie-like shoulder-straps .
the same pretty shoulder-strap detailing .
appears on dresses and camisole tops .
the star wears brocade dress -lrb- # 39.99 -rrb- and jacket -lrb- # 34.99 -rrb- from her first christmas clothing range .
a behind the scenes sneak peek at kelly 's newest shoot for new look christmas clothing .
in the behind the scenes video for fashtag tv , kelly says she is not a ` typical model shape ' and that it 's nice when she gets people messaging her with thanks .
` i 'm not a size zero .
there should be different body shapes representing different bodies , ' she says .
in terms of inspiration for her new look ranges , kelly says she look to everything from music videos , movies , and the catwalk - especially giles .
her christmas clothing collection in particular , she says , is inspired by balmain .
good mascara .
matte red lipstick .
eyebrow pencil .
shu uemura hair oil for gloss and shine