she delighted spectators with a nail-biting final as she scraped through to win the french open title last week .
and maria sharapova also managed to draw a crowd off the tennis court yesterday , when the 6ft 2in athlete showed off her toned legs in a pair of killer heels at a glamorous photo shoot .
tourists and locals flocked to watch the leggy russian player celebrate her win in style next to the eiffel tower .
wearing a black and taupe mini dress with a patterned flared skirt , she proudly held her trophy as she posed in front of the famous french landmark .
scroll down for video .
killer heels : french open winner maria sharapova poses with her trophy in paris .
proud moment : russia 's maria sharapova poses with the suzanne lenglen trophy in front of the eiffel tower in paris .
going for gold : the gold skirt of her dress matched sharapova 's impressive trophy .
enviable assets : the tennis player looked stunning in a dress that showed off her incredible long , toned legs .
smile for the cameras : sharapova was greeted by hundreds of fans and photographers by the iconic eiffel tower .
hard work : ' i had to do the work and i worked to get to this position ' best of the best : sharapova told bbc news ` there is no substitute to these titles ' she told bbc news ; ` there is no substitute to these titles .
` you 're not just born being a natural clay court player .
ok , maybe if you 're rafael nadal , but certainly not me .
' i had to do the work and i worked to get to this position .
' queen of the court : sharapova is known for combining her incredible tennis skills with effortless style .
all smiles : the russian tennis player won the french open final match in the country 's capital yesterday .
sharapova is known for combining her incredible tennis skills with effortless style , looking sporty and chic in her pink and orange nike tennis outfit .
the 27 year old has previously described her biggest highlight as winning wimbledon aged just 17 .
' i knew what i .
had achieved was a big deal but , looking back , i