by .
lillian radulova for daily mail australia .
almost three years ago vlatka dragic spontaneously quit her job and drove to queensland where she started her own personal training business .
at 25-years-old , vlatka dragic found herself spontaneously quitting her job and driving to queensland with a friend , in search of warmwe weather and a healthier lifestyle .
sick of the daily nine-to-five drudge , the croatian-born beauty left her high-end career as an account manager for various supermarket brands and spent months in the sunny state desperately struggling to find employment .
now , the 27-year-old from biggera waters is getting ready to compete professionally in the world beauty fitness and fashion competition in las vegas after being crowned the australian bikini champion in queensland earlier this year .
' i did a double degree in business marketing and human marketing in melbourne after high school and then i emailed the company i wanted to work for and i got an interview straight away and started working the next day , ' ms dragic told daily mail australia .
' i thought that 's what i wanted to do and i liked it at first , but everyday working from eight to six and then driving three hours everyday to and from work - i had enough .
i wanted to live in a tropical state where it was always sunny and get involved in fitness .
' the 27-year-old , who has a double degree in business marketing and human marketing , used to work as an account manager for various supermarket brands in melbourne .
since moving to queensland , ms dragic has not only become a healthier version of herself , but spends all her time inspiring others to do the same .
she 's launched her own personal training business , written the fitness model bible ebook , made appearances across magazines and media and even been lucky enough to find her partner andrew , a muscle model , who she plans to marry next year .
but there is a lot of hard work ahead for the fitness model , who will battle it out against 150 other professional models from around the world for the $ 30,000 prize in the wbff competition in the next few months .
now vlatka is getting ready to compete professionally in the world beauty