a pennsylvania man with a history of violence has been accused of holding his girlfriend captive for more than three days during which he repeatedly struck her with a hammer , pulled out clumps of her hair and poured bleach in her eyes and wounds .
police in latrobe said the victim , stacey myers , 40 , escaped saturday morning from 43-year-old glenn whittier 's home on spring street .
she was taken to upmc presbyterian hospital suffering from a laundry list of injuries , including bleeding in her lungs , skull trauma , bite marks on her chest and cuts on her back and thigh .
violent : glenn whittier -lrb- left -rrb- , 43 , of pennsylvania , has been charged with aggravated assault and unlawful restraint for allegedly savagely beating and torturing stacey myers -lrb- right -rrb- , 40 , for three days .
myers spent half of last week captive in whittier 's home in spring street in latrobe , pennsylvania .
police said myers , a mother of two grown daughters and a grandmother , told them whittier hit her with the hammer .
they say she had bite marks , cuts , bruises and a large amount of hair missing from her scalp .
cody ghrist , the boyfriend of myers ' daughter ashley , told the station wtae when the woman showed up on his doorstep on main street sometime after 11am saturday , she was covered in wounds and could hardly walk or talk .
the couple called police after the badly beaten woman fell asleep , and officers who responded to the home found her lying on the floor with bruises on her face and body .
` she had slurred speech and was unsure of her surroundings , ' a police officer wrote in a report cited by triblive.com .
-lsb- she -rsb- also had a severe injury to her left ear .
' history repeats itself : whittier has a lengthy criminal record , which includes charges of domestic violence .
whittier 's neighbor tracey mehalic told the station that she often heard screams and sounds of fighting coming from the man 's apartment .
online records show whittier has a lengthy criminal record , which includes charges of domestic violence , harassment and disorderly conduct .
he was being held wednesday in the westmoreland county prison on