one person has died and nearly four dozen others have been injured after a pileup involving at least 22 vehicles shut down the southbound new jersey turnpike in cranbury township on monday night .
an occupied tour bus , four semi-trailer trucks , two box trucks and at least 15 cars were involved , according to new jersey state police .
at least 45 people have suffered minor injuries .
scroll down for video .
one person has died and nearly four dozen others have been injured after a pileup involving at least 22 vehicles shut down the southbound new jersey turnpike in cranbury township on monday night .
an occupied tour bus , four semi-trailer trucks , two box trucks , and at least 15 cars were involved .
the multi-vehicle crash happened at 9:11 pm near mile marker 71.3 , according to cbs new york .
southbound lanes were closed between exits 8 and 9 and traffic was at a standstill .
sergeant jeff flynn said a time had not been set for the turnpike to reopen and that drivers could expect major delays to continue for some time .
traffic remained backed up near the scene of the accident just before 1am on tuesday .
the multi-vehicle crash happened at 9:11 pm near mile marker 71.3 and southbound lanes were closed between exits 8 and 9 .
police have not confirmed whether the crash was caused by icy weather .
one woman who was on the turnpike said she felt freezing rain come down just before the accident happened .
police have not confirmed whether the crash was caused by icy weather .
sergeant jeff flynn said weather is taken into account for all accident investigations but that it was too early to say what caused the crash .
one woman who was on the turnpike said she felt freezing rain come down just before the accident happened , according to nj.com .
she said that when she stuck her hand out of the car to wipe off the wet rear-view mirror the drops freezed on contact .
and one twitter user who was at the scene of the accident described the roads between exits 8 and 8a as a ` skating rink ' and said multiple cars were on fire .
and one twitter user who was at the scene of the accident described the roads