by .
alex greig .
and associated press .
published : .
17:33 est , 23 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:33 est , 23 december 2013 .
disney is adding twitter chairman and square ceo jack dorsey to its board of directors .
walt disney co. says dorsey is joining the board effective immediately .
he will stand for election to a full term at the company 's annual meeting on march 18 .
dorsey , 37 , co-founded twitter .
he has been chairman of the company since 2008 and was also twitter 's first ceo .
donning the ears : jack dorsey has joined the disney board .
` jack dorsey is a talented entrepreneur who has helped create groundbreaking new businesses in the social media and commerce spaces , ' said robert a. iger , disney 's chairman and chief executive officer .
` the perspective he brings to disney and its board is extremely valuable , given our strategic priorities , which include utilizing the latest technologies and platforms to reach more people and to enhance the relationship we have with our customers .
' dorsey will replace judith estrin on disney 's board .
estrin has been on the board for 15 years and ca n't run for a new term under the burbank , california , company 's corporate rules .
she is a former executive for cisco systems and now runs jlabs llc .
dorsey attended new york university and missouri university of science and technology .
in a recent profile in the new yorker , he mentioned that despite all of his achievements in the tech world , he 's got even bigger plans for the future .
in demand : dorsey is on the board of twitter , square and now disney .
the california resident would like to move to new york city and someday run for mayor .
dorsey has the honor of being the person who sent the first-ever tweet in march 2006 : ` just setting up my twttr , ' he wrote .
today he took to the social media site to comment on his new appointment .
' `` i only hope we do n't lose sight of one thing - that it was all started by a mouse .
'' - walt disney , ' he wrote , accompanied by