by .
john hall .
published : .
08:53 est , 10 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
14:17 est , 10 february 2014 .
these are the last recorded images of a young man with a mental age of nine who has been stabbed to death by a gang of ` vicious cowards ' after getting off a bus to visit a relative .
police say dean mayley , 24 , would have had no chance of defending himself against the three or four thugs who set upon him in greenford , west london at 5.20 pm on friday evening .
the gang attacked ` vulnerable ' mr mayley for no reason , killing him with a single stab wound to the chest in ruislip road around 50 minutes after he was seen getting off an e9 bus on the broadway nearby .
last sighting : dean mayley was last seen getting off an e9 bus on the broadway in greenford .
he would usually get off a stop earlier but is believed to have accidentally missed his stop on the day he was murdered .
mr mayley suffered from learning difficulties related to microcephaly which his family say left him very easily led .
the last sighting of him before the attack was when he waved goodbye to the bus driver after missing his usual stop and getting off on the broadway instead .
what happened to mr mayley in the 50 minutes between the sighting and the attack in ruislip road remains a mystery .
after the attack he was taken to st maryâ $ ™ s hospital in paddington where he died later the same evening .
tragic : dean mayley pictured with nephew callum .
their family describe the pair as ` inseparable ' detective chief inspector matt bonner , of the metropolitan policeâ $ ™ s homicide and major crime command , said : ` dean was a vulnerable young man who had .
travelled alone to the greenford broadway area to visit a relative .
' ` he had made this journey many times before without incident and there was no reason this should have been any different , ' he added .
` sadly that was not the case and dean was later to die following what appears to have been an unprovoked attack , ' detective chief inspector bonner