a vast art and jewellery collection amassed by actress lauren bacall , who died in august 2014 , is to go under the hammer .
the collection will be previewed in london from 15th until the 19th february , before it is auctioned at bonhams new york on 31 march and 1 april .
but the british capital is just one stop on an international tour that will take in hong kong , los angeles , paris and new york .
scroll down for video .
an huge collection assembled by acclaimed actress of stage and screen , lauren bacall , who died in august 2014 , is to go under the hammer at bonhams in new york .
many of the pieces come from three of bacall 's residences , including the la home she shared with her first husband , humphrey bogart .
others come from her country home in amagansett and her new york apartment , which she shared with second husband , jason robards until 1969 .
highlights include six bronze maquettes by henry moore , britain 's greatest 20th century sculptor and one of bacall 's favourite artists .
bacall 's admiration for moore began in the 1950s while she was living in los angeles .
after finally meeting the sculptor at his studio in 1975 , she wrote : ` it was and will be ever a high point of my life ... -lsb- it was the -rsb- realization of a dream .
' also included in the highlight exhibition are bronze sculptures by noted american artist , robert graham , whose works fascinated bacall , and who was married to her close friend , anjelica huston .
she apparently referred to the three sculptures , all of which depict nude women in various poses , as her ` girls ' .
a bonham 's staff member looks over robert graham 's ` christine ' -lrb- 1993 -rrb- sculptures during the lauren bacall collection sale at bonham 's in london .
the artwork is expected fetch # 37,000 - # 51,000 at an auction in new york on 31 march .
an enamel and 18k gold bracelet by jean schlumberger makes up the robust collection .
some of the actress 's best loved jewellery pieces , created by designer jean schlumberger , will be on display .
contemporary and modern prints by david hockney