the former chicago family home of gangster al capone where he was living when became one of the richest gangsters in history has been put on sale for $ 225,000 .
the six-bedroom house was where the crime boss lived when he moved from new york and established himself in chicago in 1923 .
the criminal was sent to illinois to run the infamous four deuces club which offered gambling , alcohol and prostitution in prohibition era america .
scroll down for video .
the six-bedroom home in chicago was once the home of al capone and is on sale for $ 225,000 .
this double sink could have been in the house when it was owned by al capone in the 1920s .
this front room is where the wake of capone 's brother frank was held after his murder in 1924 .
according to the real estate listing : ` this was al capone 's chicago home .
wow , there are three bedrooms on each floor .
' the listing states that the first floor was reconditioned in 2008 and a new kitchen was installed .
there is even a jacuzzi in one of the two bathrooms .
the second floor comes equipped with hardwood floors and there is a garage which will fit two cars .
however , any crime fans looking to visit the house ` must show proof of funds before showing ' .
the chicago tribune reports capone purchased the chicago home for $ 5,500 as he worked as a bouncer in a brothel before he became prohibition-era america 's most infamous gangster .
capone buys 7244 prairie avenue in 1923 and moves in his wife , son , mother as well as his brother and sisters .
the house is located in the greater grand crossing area in south chicago .
his brother frank is waked in the front room of the house after he was shot and killed by the chicago police department in april 1924 while trying to intimidate people trying to vote .
a car sits outside al capone 's house on 7244 prairie avenue which he bought for $ 5,500 .
capone purchased the chicago home for $ 5,500 as he worked as a bouncer in a brothel before he became prohibition-era america 's most infamous gangster who was eventually prosecuted for tax evasion .
when he moved