slot machine raiders recruited two glamorous young women to distract workers at a nightclub while they made off with more than # 1,000 in coins , a court heard .
danielle mason and nicole white , both 20 , befuddled staff while the looters secretly emptied a ` cops and robbers ' and a ` deal or no deal ' gaming machines .
the gang were found to have a stash of more than # 1,120 in coins when police stopped their getaway car .
a special key needed to access the slot machines was also found hidden in mason 's leggings .
danielle mason , pictured left , and nicole white , pictured right , both aged 20 , distracted workers at hot shots nightclub in burnley , lancashire , while slot machine raiders made off with # 1,000 in coins .
the three men , who enlisted the young women , had more than 100 convictions between them for stealing from gaming machines , burnley crown court was told .
a judge jailed ringleader jamie finney , 28 , for eight months , whilst anthony wainwright , 40 , who was in breach of a suspended jail term for possessing a knuckleduster , was given ten months .
amateur footballer barry cantley , 22 , was jailed for two months .
shop assistant mason and single mother white were each given 12 month conditional discharges after a judge said they were on the ` periphery ' of the raids .
all five admitted theft and attempted theft as they appeared at the crown court .
single mother nicole white , 20 , had no previous convictions , the court was told .
shop assistant danielle mason , 20 , also had no previous convictions .
prosecutor stephen parker told the hearing the group raid was planned and tools and a car were used to commit the offences , which happened just after 9pm on november 2 last year .
the duty manager saw the gang playing on the bandit machines upstairs .
he watched them for some time on the cctv and thought they were acting suspiciously .
the deal or no deal machine showed it was getting ready to be emptied or pay out .
he went to speak to the group and asked them what they were doing .
mr parker said wainwright claimed he had