graham bradley , one of the most controversial figures in british racing , has issued a plea to be allowed to pursue his aim of becoming a trainer after he and brendan powell were both cleared of a serious breach of the rules by a bha disciplinary panel .
the panel dismissed charges that bradley , a registered employee of lambourn trainer powell , had been training horses and running them under powell 's name .
the pair , also accused of acting in a manner prejudicial to the integrity , proper conduct or good reputation of the sport , faced bans of up to three years .
graham bradley wants his training application to be pushed through now he 's been cleared by the bha .
bradley 's application to become a trainer , lodged in may 2013 , has been on hold pending the outcome of the case .
the prospect of him returning to the sport in a frontline role will fill the bha with alarm but they will now have to grasp the issue .
bradley , 54 , remains a figure who sharply divides opinion .
a jockey who could turn race-riding into an art form , his biggest wins included the 1983 cheltenham gold cup on bregawn and the 1996 champion hurdle on collier bay .
bradley 's application to become a trainer has been on hold pending the outcome of the case in which it was claimed he trained horses and ran them under the name of his employer brendan powell -lrb- pictured right -rrb- .
but the stain on the reputation of a man , who also has operated as a successful bloodstock agent , is the five-year ban slapped on him by the jockey club in 2002 for receiving money for tips from brian wright , a man subsequently sent to jail for 30 years after being exposed as one of britain 's biggest drug dealers .
bradley at the latter end of his often decorated career as a jockey that included wins in the 1983 cheltenham gold cup and 1996 champion hurdle .
bradley said : ` things happened a long , long time ago .
i am a lot older and wiser now .
i regret things i have done in the past but i have committed the crime and paid the penalty .
` it is time to