by .
james rush .
published : .
08:51 est , 24 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:40 est , 24 september 2013 .
police have warned members of the public not to approach a missing father-of-two who is believed to have disappeared from his family home with a shotgun .
garry foster , 53 , left his home in dudley , west midlands , on sunday afternoon and was last seen driving in the town at 3.26 pm .
a police spokesman said mr foster is a registered firearm keeper and it is believed he may be in possession of a shotgun .
missing : garry foster -lrb- left -rrb- left his home on sunday and has not been seen since .
he is believed to be using his mitsubishi pajero -lrb- right -rrb- , which is blue and silver in colour with distinctive yellow fog lights .
police are now searching for mr foster , who it is believed may be attempting to live off the land in rural staffordshire , worcestershire or shropshire .
superintendent andy parsons , from dudley police , said : ` we are very concerned for garry 's welfare as no one has now heard from him for close to 48 hours .
` he did n't take any money or personal possessions with him , however he may well have a registered firearm on his person .
a police spokesman said mr foster is a registered firearm keeper and it is believed he may be in possession of a shotgun .
` with this in mind , we are very concerned for garry 's welfare and urge anyone who believes they have seen him to contact police urgently and not to approach him .
` we hope people in the area are reassured that we doing everything possible to trace mr foster .
' mr foster is believed to be using his mitsubishi pajero , which is blue and silver in colour with distinctive yellow fog lights .
police have released an image of the car in a bid to trace mr foster .
a west midlands police spokesman said : ` police have carried out house to house enquiries in the area and are linking in with colleagues from staffordshire police and west mercia police as part of the investigation , as he is known to frequent the