by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
07:39 est , 4 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:04 est , 4 october 2013 .
government services across the us may have all but ground to a halt , but there is one that remains open for business as usual : the presidential paradise of camp david .
the woodland retreat has stayed immune to the shutdown because it falls under the aegis of the department of defence , whose staff are designated as active-duty military personnel .
more than 250 chefs , gardeners , electricians and anybody else who keeps the camp running in catoctin mountain park in frederick county , maryland , should the president drop by are not only still working , but are also getting paid , according to website tmz .
meanwhile , almost a million federal workers across the nation are sitting at home wondering when their next paycheck will drop through the letterbox as they wait for a resolution to the long-running dispute .
presidential paradise : u.s. president barack obama reads briefing material while meeting with advisors inside his cabin at camp david , maryland , last year .
but their situation showed little sign of improving today as lawmakers consumed day three of the shutdown with a stalling game revealing no end in sight until the next crisis hits washington around october 17 .
meanwhile , in a speech at a maryland .
construction company yesterday , obama challenged republicans to ` stop .
this farce ' by allowing a straight vote on a spending bill .
he .
reiterated he will not negotiate on the spending bill or the debt .
ceiling .
danger : the situation gives ` every appearance of getting dangerously close to the conversation on the debt ceiling , ' nancy pelosi , the democratic minority leader of the house of representatives .
obama said .
there were enough republicans willing to pass a spending bill .
immediately if house speaker john boehner would allow a vote on a bill .
without partisan conditions attached , a so-called clean vote .
but obama .
said the speaker was refusing to do so because ` he does n't want to anger .
the extremists in his party .
' the 180-acre compound has been a home from home for us presidents to relax in