we 've all been there .
you 've walked out the door , gotten in the car , then promptly realized you 've forgotten your phone .
much to everyone else 's annoyance , you head back inside to get it .
at least we are all in good company : now president obama has had the same memory failure too .
on his way to las vegas to promote his immigration executive actions , obama boarded his marine one helicopter on the white house 's south lawn .
but he promptly disembarked and headed back into the executive mansion .
scroll down for video .
i 'm off : president barack obama signals to his aides and staff that he will return to the white house because he forgot something before his departure on marine one for las vegas .
found it !
a relieved president obama crosses the white house lawn brandishing his blackberry after returning to the white house , leaving marine one on the south lawn .
when he emerged moments later , the president said he had forgotten his blackberry , pulling it from its holster and showing it to reporters and photographers .
but an associated press photographer captured a curious thing when obama first got out of the helicopter : .
his blackberry was already in its holster.so does he have two phones and had lifted the wrong one ?
or had he forgotten something else which he was n't willing to disclose .
phone lover : obama is the first president who is a slave to his smartphone .
his blackberry has been either in his hands - or a belt holster - since he was running for president .
addict : mr obama refused to give up his blackberry when he entered the white house and is the first president to use a smartphone to read emails .
either way , the president 's love of his smartphone is well known .
when he entered the white house he had to give up the blackberry which he had carried throughout his campaign , in exchange for one whose security had been upgraded by the nsa .
it is hardly a normal model : as well as being heavily encrypted , it can only communicate with 10 people , so that his conversations remain private - for now - and documented for