a senior iranian cleric made a vow to ` raise the flag of islam over the white house ' in retaliation for an attack that did not involved american troops .
ali shirazi , an aide to ayatollah ali khamenei , the nation 's supreme leader , reportedly made the threat in comments published by the nation 's feared revolutionary guard .
he said the takeover of washington would be part of a ` resistance front ' led by iranians in revenge for the deaths of its soldiers , and members of the militant group hezbollah .
threat : iranian cleric ali shirazi made the remark .
he is pictured above in 2005 speaking in front of a picture of the nation 's supreme leader , ali khamenei .
new flag ?
shirazi conjured an image of an iranian-led ` resistance front ' that would overwhelm the west .
the men were reportedly killed by israeli attack helicopters in the golan heights , which contains the border between syria and israel .
according to the jerusalem post , shirazi was speaking at a ceremony for the dead guardsmen .
he said : ` the resistance front led by iran would retaliate from the global arrogance of killing -lsb- iranians -rsb- and hezbollah men ... we will raise the flag of islam over the white house ' .
the jerusalem post reported that the men killed in the chopper attack were establishing a terror base from which to bombard israel with rocket fire .
although the u.s. appears to have had no role in the attack , it is often mentioned in the same breath as israel because of its financial and diplomatic support for the nation .
similar : isis press officer abu mosa made similar claims last year - but was killed by an air strike soon after .
his words echo similar threats made by isis , even though iran is at war with the terror group .
in behind-the-front-lines footage obtained by vice news last year , islamic state press office abu mosa can be seen making the exact same boast to the camera during a battle with syrian soldiers .
he said : ` i say to america that the islamic caliphate has been established and we will not stop .
do n't be cowards and attack us with drones .
` instead send your soldiers