by .
associated press .
a washington state sheriff has sent a memo to deputies telling them that sex on duty will not be tolerated .
spokane county sheriff ozzie knezovich says he had to spell out the policy because a deputy he fired for the behavior won his job back last month in arbitration .
scott kenoyer got his job back in may after an arbitrator found that the consequence was too severe after he admitted to having sex while on duty .
scroll down for video ... rules are rules : spokane county sheriff ozzie knezovich sent out a memorandum to his deputies stating that sex on duty was not tolerated .
sheriff knezovich said kenoyer 's case gave him no choice but forced him to send out a memo making it clear that having sex on duty would not be tolerated .
the memo says that sex on duty is a .
breach of the public trust and a breach of the sheriff 's office code of .
ethics , core values and officer safety .
' i never dreamt i 'd ever even see such a memo , ' knezovich said to krem .
` i 'm shocked i had to make this statement .
sex on duty is not tolerated , nor is lying .
' sheriff knezovich said he did n't want deputy kenoyer to get the message that it was okay to have sex whilst on the job .
mixed work with pleasure : sheriff ¿ s office employees conducted an internal investigation into deputy scott kenoyer 's conduct when a woman claimed that she had sex with kenoyer while he was on duty .
he only lasted nine minutes .
the memo states that sex on duty is a breach of the public trust and a breach of the sheriff 's office code of ethics ; core values and officer safety .
` my legal adviser advised that in order to keep this from being a precedent , it had to be very clear , ' said sheriff knezovich .
` this agency has established a very firm policy that if you have sex on duty or falsify an official document intentionally , you will be terminated .
' sheriff 's office employees conducted an internal investigation into deputy kenoyer 's conduct when a woman claimed that she had sex with kenoyer