helicopter rescue teams airlifted a 68-year-old american man to hospital after he was attacked by bears while hunting on a remote island off the coast of alaska .
the man , identified as michael snowden , was transported by coast guards to kodiak municipal airport where he was passed on to medical services who treated him for serious leg injuries .
it is understood a group of up to five bears attacked mr snowden and his friend jeff ostrin as they dragged the carcass of a deer they had shot through dense vegetation on sally island in uganik bay .
scroll down for video .
threat : a group of up to five bears attacked michael snowden and his friend jeff ostrin as they dragged the carcass of a deer they had shot through dense vegetation on sally island in uganik bay .
file picture .
the attack took place yesterday afternoon on a remote island off the southern coast of mainland alaska .
the state is home to 98 per cent of the united states ' total brown bear population .
nathan svoboda , a local wildlife biologist , gave details of the attack to alaska dispatch news .
he said the two men where dragging a deer through vegetation when they stopped for lunch .
no sooner had they sat down to eat when a large female bear charged at them .
the animal reportedly attacked snowden , biting and scratching his body before ostrin , 38 , shot the animal three times , killing it .
seconds later , more bears emerged , with ostrin shooting and killing one of the cubs .
the shooting apparently scared the rest of the animals away .
the crew on board a fishing vessel witnessed the entire incident and reportedly raced to the shore to remove the men to the safety of the sea , with the captain calling the coast guard to the scene .
saved : michael snowden , was transported by alaska state troopers to kodiak municipal airport where he was passed on to medical services who treated him for serious leg injuries file picture .
mr snowden was first transported by helicopter to kodiak municipal airport , before being taken to the providence kodiak island medical center where he was treated for serious leg wounds .
his condition is not thought to be life-threatening .
`