britons travelling abroad are warned to brace themselves to have less cash in their pockets as the value of the pound tumbled .
sterling crashed to its lowest level for more than a year against the euro and to a five-month low against the us dollar as its ` abysmal ' start to the year continued .
the pound has lost more than 5 per cent of its value against the single currency since new year 's day -- putting it on course for its worst month since 2008 .
holidaymakers will feel the pinch after the pound fell to 1.16 euros - its lowest level since 2011 .
the pound fell to 1.16 euros -- its lowest level since 2011 -- before clawing back some of its losses .
it was trading above 1.23 euros early this month and close to 1.29 euros as recently as july .
tonight it closed at 1.17 euros .
the pound has not fallen so sharply in a month since december 2008 in the aftermath of the collapse of lehman brothers .
william poole , a strategist at currency broker fc exchange , said : ` the pound is truly having an abysmal start to the year .
' roberto mialich , a currency strategist at unicredit , added : ` economic reports out of the uk , especially the gdp data , have not looked very encouraging .
the pound is likely to remain under pressure .
' holidays : britons travelling abroad were told to brace for less cash in their pockets as the value of the pound tumbled .
despite the slump in the pound , the .
ftse 100 above 6300 for the first time in more than four-and-a-half years today as progress by heavyweight stocks helped keep up the new year rally .
the ftse 100 index was able to build on its best start to a year in more than two decades , closing up 44.8 points to 6339.2 , after strong performances from bp , centrica and rio tinto .
experts said it was boosted in part .
by better-than-expected results for us sales of long-lasting durable .
goods , up 4.6 per cent in december including orders for commercial and .
military aircraft .
the index of 100 leading companies on .
the london stock exchange has risen steadily since the start of the .