by .
jason groves .
published : .
18:47 est , 26 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
18:47 est , 26 september 2013 .
resignation : a4e hit the headlines last year when it emerged that firm 's founder emma harrison paid herself an # 8.6 million dividend in 2011 .
nine former staff at controversial welfare-to-work firm a4e were charged with fraud last night over offences relating to taxpayer-funded employment schemes .
the crown prosecution service -lrb- cps -rrb- said six women and three men had been charged with a total of 60 offences , including conspiracy to defraud , multiple counts of forgery , and making and possessing articles for use in fraud .
all nine worked for a4e , which is paid more than # 200million a year by the government , mostly to deliver welfare-to-work and training programmes .
the firm is a prime contractor on the government 's flagship # 5billion work programme employment scheme .
the nine people charged include one contract manager , seven recruiters and an administrator .
they are alleged to have wrongly claimed payments for people who were not their clients and for finding jobs for people who were in fact still unemployed .
they will appear before slough magistrates ' court next month .
the charges follow a high-profile investigation by thames valley police 's economic crime unit .
those charged worked at three a4e offices across the south east of england .
the charges relate to the ` inspire to aspire ' scheme which is designed to deliver ` motivation and training ' and help people find a job .
sue patten , head of fraud at the cps , said : ` it is alleged that they forged documentation to support fraudulent claims to the department for work and pensions -lrb- dwp -rrb- for reward payments which , under the terms of the contract , were paid out when the scheme successfully placed individuals in employment .
ex-staff : a4e is a prime contractor on the government 's # 5billion work programme employment scheme .
` it is alleged that many of the reward payments related either to people who never attended a4e or to clients whom a4e had not successfully placed in employment .
` the contract was to deliver motivation and training and to assist people to find employment .
' fury