if you are an aspiring manager in english football and you are black , you get used to one thing : when an opportunity comes your way , it 's going to be the managerial equivalent of a hospital pass .
sorry , but it 's true .
with a few exceptions , you do n't get the better opportunities .
you get the football version of mopping up the toilets .
chris ramsey , the only black manager in the premier league , is a classic example .
ramsey is a fine coach who has been overlooked for countless jobs .
chris ramsey -lrb- right -rrb- and kevin hitchcock watch qpr hammer west brom to keep their survival hopes alive .
ramsey takes nots during his side 's biggest win of the season which gave their survival chances a boost .
he took the qpr position after harry redknapp , a talented , experienced manager with a good track record of rescuing clubs in trouble , saw the writing on the wall and got out .
ramsey was asked to board the sinking ship and , guess what , it has not been an easy job to refloat it .
before the victory at west brom , qpr were sliding deeper into trouble and there were already those seeking to blame it on ramsey .
just as predictably , there were also those saying ramsey 's struggles were an indication black managers tend to fail on the rare occasions they are given a chance .
john barnes ' troubled reign at celtic ended after an infamous scottish cup defeat by inverness caley thistle .
if ramsey is sacked , people will say it was about results , not race .
and they will be wrong .
because race was why he had to take the job in the first place .
people tend not to like inconvenient truths about why there are so few black managers in the english game .
some got angry again when john barnes suggested a manager on a bad run will get sacked sooner if he 's black .
he was right .
the fact ramsey has been labouring to turn things around at qpr does not mean he is not a good manager .
it just means that when your only chance in the game is to accept a hospital pass , the