a rare copy of the sex pistols ' controversial single god save the queen has sold for # 6,000 at auction .
the never-played record is one of a handful out of 25,000 that were not destroyed by the punk band 's former record company .
in near mint condition , it is among the most valuable records ever pressed in britain .
this rare copy of the sex pistols ' controversial single god save the queen has sold for # 6,000 at auction .
a&m records ditched the rebellious punk rockers because of their bad behaviour on march 10 , 1977 - just six days after signing them .
a series of incidents including sid vicious breaking a toilet bowl , cutting his foot and trailing blood all over the office and john lydon making a death threat to a good friend of a & m 's english director was enough for the company to wash their hands of them .
nearly all of the 25,000 copies of the single that had been pressed in the six days were promptly destroyed .
only nine copies with the original a & m sleeve are known to exist today and the one now being sold was saved by a former employee of the record company .
the single was later released by virgin , reaching no 2 in the charts .
but its controversial lyrics and cover , featuring a defaced picture of the queen , meant the bbc refused to play it .
a&m records ditched the rebellious punk rockers -lrb- pictured -rrb- because of their bad behaviour in 1977 - just six days after signing them - and destroyed nearly all of the 25,000 copies of the single that had been pressed .
an unnamed private collector bought the mint-condition record , one of only nine known copies , from special auction services in newbury , berkshire .
alan pritchard , sas 's music and entertainment specialist , said : ` the sex pistols are such a cult band and this is the most iconic withdrawn single .
` there are very few in existence as most were destroyed when the band was dropped .
just a handful were kept behind by people in the industry .
` when you get rareties like this it attracts a lot of interest from collectors , vinyl is highly sought after worldwide