by .
deni kirkova .
published : .
13:35 est , 28 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:27 est , 28 march 2013 .
they say we all eventually turn in to our parents but there are some things we 'd rather not inherit .
prince harry , it seems , has begun to lose some hair around his crown , just like his big brother william and their father charles .
the 28-year-old royal 's hair shows signs of thinning in pictures taken on a recent charity trip .
rapidly thinning : prince harry 's hair was noticeably thinner as he played with children on a visit in february to lesotho in southern africa on behalf of his charity , sentebale .
pictured during a visit to .
the kananelo centre for the deaf on behalf of his charity , sentebale , in lesotho , last month harry was showing some scalp through his famous ginger locks - indicating the beginnings of male pattern baldness , according to britain 's leading hair loss expert asim shahmalak .
prince william started losing his hair in his early 20s and was noticeably bald by the time he was 25 .
the process appears to have started a .
little later for his younger brother harry , who nevertheless looks to .
have inherited his family 's baldness gene .
hair transplant surgeon dr shahmalak - hair loss expert on the channel 4 show embarrassing bodies - said the pictures showed clear signs of hair loss .
and that harry is thinning around the crown area .
disappearing : the 28-year-old royal 's hair loss was more pronounced than ever in lesotho last month .
` around a quarter of men start going .
bald before the age of 30 , so this is hardly a big surprise especially .
when it runs in the family as it does for the windsors .
` if harry 's hair loss progresses in .
the normal way , i would expect him to have a significant bald patch .
around his crown by the time he is 40 .
it will be worse if it also .
spreads to his hairline as it has with his brother .
' he said .
` hair loss can have a devastating impact on a young men like harry .
iit can shatter their