by .
steve nolan .
published : .
11:57 est , 26 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:01 est , 26 june 2013 .
a professional rally driver has died from dehydration after his car broke down in the desert during a practice run .
vadym nesterchuk , 42 , was found dead in the liwa oasis in abu dhabi after he tried to walk from his broken down car to a nearby village .
the father of two 's body was found by a rescue team using gps co-ordinates .
tragic : vadym nesterchuk , pictured -lrb- right -rrb- after the pharaons rally 2011 , died of dehydration after his car broke down on a training run in the abu dhabi desert .
practice run : nesterchuk had been training for the 2013 silk way rally which begins next month and sees drivers race between moscow and the russian city of astrakhan more than 850 miles away .
he had been training for the 2013 silk way rally which begins next month and sees drivers race between moscow and the russian city of astrakhan more than 850 miles away .
according to the national , the ukranian embassy in the united arab emirates confirmed that the preliminary cause of mr nesterchuk 's death was dehydration .
according to some reports , his car may have become stuck in a sand due when he began walking across the desert .
police are also said to be investigating his death .
the head of one of the country 's top motorsports clubs said today that his club should have been told if mr nesterchuk intended to train alone in the desert .
dr mohammed ben sulayem said they were unaware that he was even in the uae .
professional : mr nesterchuk was no stranger to desert driving , he is pictured competing in egypt in 2011 and was a regular entrant in the abu dhabi desert challenge .
he added : ` vadym was a very popular competitor and we are deeply saddened by this tragic news .
` he will be sadly missed and our thoughts are with his family and friends , ' he told the national .
mr nesterchuk was no stranger to desert driving , he was a regular competitor in the abu dhabi desert challenge .
a driver with the sixt ukraine