she 's known for her love of fast cars as host of bbc 's formula one coverage , but even suzi perry was impressed when called in to start up the four mighty engines of britain 's largest cruise ship , p&o cruises ' britannia , for the first time .
when working to full capacity , britannia 's four engines will generate 62.4 megawatts or 84,000 horsepower - equivalent to the power generated by 168 ` supercars ' , or 1,000 normal family cars .
' -lsb- it is -rsb- a little bit more horsepower than i 'm used to ... 84,000 , it 's incredible !
' perry said after turning the engines over .
` when i first came into the dock i could n't believe how big it is .
' the 141,000 ton ship will cruise at a speed of 22 knots when it hits the water in march next year .
the boat is being built at the fincantieri 's monfalcone shipyard near trieste in italy .
britannia will launch in march 2015 , before her maiden season which will see the ship sail from southampton to the mediterranean , the norwegian fjords , the canary islands and the baltic sea .
the ship , which will also offer a range of short breaks and a round britain cruise , will then transfer to the caribbean for the winter season , sailing a range of 15 night fly/cruise itineraries from barbados .
it 's so big : bbc formula one host perry marvelled at the size and power of the engines .
start me up !
suzi perry switches on the engines of the uk 's biggest cruise ship , britannia , for the first time .
guided tour : captain paul brown gives the f1 presenter a guided tour of the engine room of the ship .
perry was treated to a tour of the ship and its engine room with captain paul brown , and the video of her visit gives an idea of the size and capacity of this enormous ship .
p&o cruises is launching a national campaign to discover what or who people across the country believe embodies the spirit of modern britain .
the most popular suggestions received via twitter and facebook will be incorporated into two pieces of artwork which will be installed on britannia .