there is a bar in the labyrinth of alleyways around las ramblas that is named in honour of the famous barcelona youth academy , la masia .
on friday night , it was packed tight with barca fans and locals watching getafe play espanyol on the old television set fixed high on a wall in a corner .
it was bedecked with barcelona memorabilia , its walls plastered with team posters celebrating the glories of the last decade , pictures from wembley after the champions league triumph of 2011 and from yokohama , later that year , when barca won the club world cup .
luis suarez buries his head in the netting as barcelona lose against malaga without managing to score .
barcelona forward lionel messi could not inspire them to win against malaga on saturday in la liga .
malaga 's striker juanmi jimenez -lrb- left -rrb- celebrates after scoring the goal that defeat barca at the nou camp .
manuel pellegrini will have been delighted to see the way that barcelona struggled on saturday afternoon .
and by the door , there was a drawing of barack obama .
` crisis ?
' he was saying from a speech bubble .
` calm down .
there 's nothing to see here .
' until saturday , it seemed to fit the mood .
barcelona were supposed to be in meltdown around the turn of the year , with rumours of a schism between lionel messi and new coach luis enrique .
but they had recovered spectacularly , winning their last 11 games in succession and scoring 23 times in their previous five league games .
everyone thought the old barca were back .
the general assumption was that saturday 's match against malaga at camp nou would bring victory as a formality and act as a prelude to crushing manchester city in the champions league round of 16 for a second consecutive year .
the catalan newspapers were unanimous about what the match against malaga would yield : three points to take barcelona back to the top of la liga by leap-frogging real madrid and a hat-trick from messi to lift him above cristiano ronaldo in the battle to be el pichichi , the league 's leading scorer .
but things did n't go to plan .
barcelona lost 1-0 , their first home defeat since a