tribute act : james crockett performed on stage in tenerife while claiming benefits in the uk .
a robbie williams tribute act who admitted claiming # 8,500 in incapacity benefit while performing the singer 's greatest hits in tenerife has walked free from court .
james crockett claimed he was too ill to work , but was able to travel to the canary islands to perform chart-topping hits by the former take that singer and michael bublé .
crockett , whose stage name is andy james , pleaded guilty to failing to tell the department for work and pensions that he was no longer unable to work for most of 2012 .
the 43-year-old , whose website claims he is the ` only choice ' when it comes to robbie williams impersonators , illegally claimed # 8,463 over the course of the year .
his separate bublé tribute act webpage claims he ` delivers bublés -lsb- sic -rsb- greatest hits with the same flamboyance and panache as the man himself ' .
crockett was spared jail following a hearing at bradford crown court - despite the judge previously acknowledging that the public was ` outraged ' by benefits cheats .
judge durham hall told crockett : ` all the while you were strutting your stuff on various stages in this country and abroad .
` clearly your breach was particularly deliberate and wilful and the public are fed up and outraged when they pay their taxes , if they are lucky enough to have a job at all , and then see somebody living to some extent an interesting , if not high , life and pocketing # 8,500 .
' the judge said he had intended to send crockett to prison , but having considered the current sentencing guidelines a short jail term of about two months would be derisory .
crockett , of skipton , west yorkshire , who has no previous convictions , underwent surgery for a serious back problem in 2002 and was nearly paralysed .
the court previously heard that he had suffered medical difficulties for a number of years , including a stroke , and was advised by his gp to move somewhere warm because of problems with his back .
crowd-pleaser : crockett first started claiming incapacity benefit in 2012 after an operation on his back .
claims : crockett , pictured performing