by .
leon watson .
published : .
04:01 est , 19 august 2012 .
| .
updated : .
01:21 est , 20 august 2012 .
police launched a murder hunt today after a man was beaten to death at a party just yards from the v festival site in essex .
officers were called to a house on the a414 near the festival site in hylands park , chelmsford , where 90,000 fans were being entertained by a line-up that included stone roses and noel gallagher , keane and ed sheeren .
in the garden of the property they found the body of a 39-year-old man .
a murder investigation has been launched after a man died in a back garden of a house near an entrance to the v festival in chelmsford , essex .
ten party-goers were arrested on suspicion of murder and today were still being questioned about the death by detectives at police stations in the county .
the festival continued today with the acts that had appeared on the staffordshire v site the day before .
an essex police spokeswoman said : ` detectives have launched a murder inquiry in chelmsford .
` police were called by the ambulance service just after midnight and are investigating the circumstances surrounding the suspicious death of a 39-year-old man who was found in the rear garden of a house on the a414 , london road , chelmsford , opposite hylands park .
detectives from the kent and essex serious crime directorate are investigating .
the back of mole cottage where the incident happened just after midnight .
a marquee in the back garden where the murder took place as police scour the scene for clues .
ten party-goers were arrested on suspicion of murder and were still being questioned about the death .
tragedy : timothy brockhurst , 22 , from stoke heath , market drayton , shropshire , was found dead at v festival .
` his next of kin have been informed .
ten men have been arrested by police on suspicion of murder and they .
will be interviewed to ascertain their involvement in the man 's death .
` detectives .
from the kent and essex serious crime directorate need to speak to .
everyone who attended , what police believe , was a private party at the .
property during the