by .
kerry mcqueeney .
last updated at 10:52 am on 22nd february 2012 .
jailed : pig worker andrzej chranowski tried to rip out his victim 's heart while she was still alive .
a woman has described how a polish farm worker tried to rip out her heart ` like one of his pigs ' after he stabbed her in the chest .
christine seymour recounted the horrifying moment she felt andrzej chranowski push his hands inside her knife wound in an apparent attempt to tear out her vital organ .
chranowski , 34 , claimed to be suffering from a ` short-term psychotic episode ' when he pounced on miss seymour with a pair of surgical scissors .
after stabbing her , he then carried the 59-year-old into her rented property and dumped her on her bed shouting : .
` just lie there and die .
' miraculously , miss seymour survived the brutal attack after life-saving surgery .
polish pig worker chranowski was this week jailed for 18 years for her attempted murder .
chranowski lived in the same rented three-storey house as miss seymour , in spalding , lincolnshire .
two others also lived there .
he lunged at her as she talked with a friend on the phone outside the property .
miss seymour was conscious throughout the terrifying ordeal and described , in sickening detail , how she thought her heart was about to be ripped out .
she told nottingham crown court : ` it was like a living nightmare .
' i felt a pain and something warm .
the next thing i remember i was on the floor , my head was laid up against the wall .
' i felt a huge pressure on my chest , .
like a knee drop , and put my hands up because i could n't breathe .
i felt .
something was ripping across my chest , it felt like somebody 's fingers .
were going across my chest .
caged : chranowski was jailed for 18 years following a trial at nottingham crown court -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
' i got the impression , as he worked .
with pigs , that he thought i was one .
it just felt like he was trying to .
rip through to my heart , i just thought he was trying to