the owners of a ` monster ' 130-pound pit bull niko that mauled to death a young girl only one week before her fifth birthday are refusing to talk to investigators , police said .
mia derouen and mother megan touchet , 27 , were attacked by her boyfriend 's pit bull last week in their houma , louisiana , home while watching television .
it took police 10 shots to finally bring the beast down , officials said .
despite the young girl suffering severe wounds to her head , face and chest in the attack , and her mother handed her to paramedics through the window of a room she had barricaded herself in , touchet and her boyfriend are refusing to talk .
april 3 would have been her fifth birthday .
tragic : four-year-old mia derouen , pictured , was mauled to death by her family 's pit bull while she was watching tv tuesday night - april 3 was to be her fifth birthday .
` monster ' : niko was a 130 pound beast of a dog - the average pit bull weighs in around 50 pounds .
` happy birthday ' : mia 's father posted birthday wishes to his daughter online and pleaded with people to stop talking about pit bulls .
` our detectives are in the process of trying to interview megan and kerry , who were the owners of this dog , but so far they 've been unsuccessful in their attempts to talk to them , ' a houma police spokesperson told wwl .
touchet and boyfriend kerry dominique are keeping tight-lipped on the advice of their attorneys , the spokesperson added .
they have remained silent in the week since niko attacked the girl around 7pm last tuesday.niko is said by police to have been aggressively pacing around the apartment when they entered , and even attacked one of the officers .
counselors have been called in to help even cops hardened through decades of service to get over the traumatic crime scene .
not so gentle giant : niko -lrb- bigger dog at left -rrb- is blamed in the mauling death of mia derouen -lrb- right -rrb- .
` we have some counseling that we are looking to set up for some of these officers , ' a police official told wvue .
` the scene