many world leaders have said they would n't miss nelson mandela 's funeral for anything , but czech prime minister jiri rusnok is n't among them .
rusnok 's conversation with defense minister vlastimil picek in parliament on friday was broadcast by the czech public television news channel and quickly went viral .
when picek reminded him that president milos zeman might be unable to fly because of a knee injury , rusnok reacted with a vulgar term and then , addressing his companion by the czech equivalent of ` dude ' , said : ` i 'm dreading that i will have to go .
' is this thing on : czech prime minister jiri rusnok 's -lrb- centre -rrb- conversation was broadcast by the czech public television news channel .
oops : jiri rusnok , czech prime minister , was caught expressing his irritation at the prospect of going to mandela 's funeral .
file picture .
he complained that he had other plans - a lunch and a dinner - and that a south africa trip would be too long .
the recording became widely popular in local media saturday and on the internet .
' i apologise for those words , ' rusnok said in a statement sent to the associated press via his spokeswoman jana jaburkova on saturday .
` it was n't right to use such terms in connection with the death of nelson mandela .
' rusnok said it would be difficult for him to find time for unexpected events in his busy december schedule .
he added it will be decided in the next few days who will represent the czech republic at mandela 's december 15 funeral .
rusnok swore and said : ` i 'm dreading that i will have to go .
' file picture .
loss : the world went into mourning after mandela died on thursday .
mandela visited prague in 1992 to meet with then-president vaclav havel who had led the 1989 velvet revolution that ended 40 years of communism in his country .
the two leaders had both spent years in prison for opposing repressive regimes before becoming presidents .
they reportedly became good friends .
havel died in 2011 .
czech foreign affairs minister jan kohout will travel to south africa to attend the memorial service for the late president on tuesday , ministry