an entire village will be resettled in a bid to escape starving jungle tribesmen who keep raiding their homes for food and clothes .
the peruvian government has been forced to act after 200 members of the mashco piro tribe staged several raids on a local village in peru stealing food and tools .
ministers said the attacks are a sign that the indigenous people are feeling the effects of the modern world impacting on their food supply as loggers decimate their homeland .
scroll down for video .
attack : in the latest attack homes were damaged by the men who also stole cooking utensils , ropes and machetes as well as clothing .
relocation : peru is planning to resettle an entire village after it was frequently raided by starving tribesmen , seen here , who have seen their rainforest habitat decimated by loggers .
according to the peruvian interculture ministry the tribesmen chose to steal from their village neighbours because they realised it would be easier than searching for food .
the ministry said it has become increasingly hard for the tribesmen to forage for food , leading to thefts and conflict between the two communities .
in the latest attack , village homes were damaged by the men who also sacrificed domestic animals which they found .
meanwhile the tribesmen also stole cooking utensils , ropes , machetes , clothes , blankets and even mosquito nets from the villagers .
the thefts forced the villagers from monte salvado in south-eastern peru 's madre de dios region to flee to the local police station for safety .
location : this map shows where the tribesmen live in manu park in the madre de dios region in peru .
theft : the attacks are seen as a sign that the indigenous people are feeling the effects of the modern world impacting on the food supply , as it has become harder to forage , leading them to steal from their neighbours .
however , the ministry warned that there were likely to be further raids on the isolated region and confirmed they are now planning to move the villagers to a new location to avoid further conflicts .
the mashco-piro are an indigenous tribe of nomadic hunter-gatherers who inhabit the remote regions of the amazon rainforest .
they live in manu park in the madre de dios region