i am standing outside an innocuous white door set in an entirely white building on the island of ibiza .
it hardly seems the setting for the most expensive restaurant in the world .
but i am told it is the magic inside that justifies sublimotion 's # 1,250 per head price tag .
this is the newest restaurant from two-michelin star spanish chef paco roncero - spain 's version of experimental chef heston blumenthal - and i am among the first people in the world invited to sample its unusual concept .
scroll down for video .
a work of theatre : sublimotion is part of the brand new hard rock hotel in ibiza , which celebrated its grand opening this weekend with a huge open-air beach concert .
the meal is like an immersive theatre experience and the food hugely enjoyable .
the owners stand by the price , they say the cost of setting up the restaurant , the quality of the food and the 27 staff for a dozen diners explains the price .
the also know that people will pay that for the latest dining experience in ibiza .
the eatery - which seats just 12 people at a time - is part of the brand new hard rock hotel , which celebrated its grand opening this weekend with live performances at its open-air , beachside concert space from disco king nile rodgers and garage stars masters at work .
we are promised that our taster at sublimotion will be a work of theatre - appealing to every one of our senses and transporting us to another world .
while some may shudder at the price tag , celebrities and wealthy holidaymakers are already queuing up for bookings .
after a special coded knock , we are invited through the white door to a tiny room , with little more than a few artfully-placed boxes and a giant nitrogen tank - a key ingredient in many of roncero 's dishes .
roncero 's rose : food is served with a flourish , one course even sees diners making their own bloody mary cocktails using test tubes .
in a flash , the opaque window in front of us becomes transparent , giving us a glimpse of the 27 staff working in the kitchen to create the 20-course meal that is served up over a two-and-a-half