when it comes to packing for a long-haul journey , who better to take travel inspiration from than a globe-trotting celebrity ?
after all , they basically do it for a living .
from our favourite victoria 's secret supermodel to the latest reality starlet du jour , they all love sharing their packing secrets , from a-list essentials like energy drinks and healthy snacks to those little luxurious touches .
while rosie huntington-whiteley loved comfortable leggings and a cosy cashmere sweater , model karlie kloss swears by good reading materials for the flight and a pair of rose-gold frends headphones .
scroll down for video .
victoria 's secret angel , karlie kloss , definitely knows a thing or two about packing for a long-haul flight , pictured here at jfk in new york city .
model karlie revealed her #travelessentials , in a recent instagram post .
included in her list : frends headphones and nike trainers .
the 22-year-old , seen here with friend lily aldridge -lrb- right -rrb- , boarded a flight from new york to london alongside other victoria 's secret models .
america 's supermodel darling - not to mention best friend to taylor swift - karlie certainly knows a thing or two about work travel .
in one of her most recent instagram posts , the 22-year-old victoria 's secret angel revealed every last item that went into her stylish carry on .
among her must-haves : the latest issue of the economist , vanity fair and the wall street journal -lrb- clearly the model is well-read -rrb- , as well as stylish nike trainers and two smartphones : an iphone and a blackberry .
she also showed off a chic monogrammed passport wallet from louis vuitton and a sleek canon digital camera .
spice girl-turned-fashion designer , victoria beckham , is often flying around the globe .
here , she reveals what she packed on her trip to china .
many of the clothes that victoria packed for her asia adventure were items from her namesake label .
pictured here landing at jfk airport in new york city with daugher , harper .
from her days in the spice girls to her recent career as an in-demand fashion designer , victoria beckham tops the list when it comes to our airport -lrb- or any other time -rrb- style inspirations .
unsurprisingly then