manchester united secured their sixth straight premier league win after easing past arch-rivals liverpool at old trafford on sunday .
wayne rooney and juan mata 's first-half goals ultimately proved too much for brendan rodgers ' side to come back from , as robin van persie added a third goal late on to compound their misery .
sportsmail 's neil ashton rates all the players ' performances at old trafford .
manchester united -lrb- 3-5-2 -rrb- .
david de gea : two decent saves from sterling in the first half , scaring the liverpool winger into making a mistake when he was clean through at the start of the second half too .
8.5 .
phil jones : booked for reckless foul on coutinho .
not fully fit but smothered pretty much everything that came his way .
7 .
phil jones - making his first appearance in two months for united - challenges for the ball with adam lallana .
michael carrick put in another commanding display as he impressed against liverpool .
michael carrick : decent interceptions and cheeky first-half back heel to befuddle sterling .
looked accomplished in the libero role .
8 .
jonny evans : mock indignation when he was booked for foul on coutinho .
deserved yellow .
leadership qualities not in dispute though .
7 .
antonio valencia : sweet ball in for rooney 's opener , but it does n't escape the fact united are in the market for a right winger next summer and are prepared to spend big on him .
7 .
antonio valencia provided a crucial assist for united 's opening goal against liverpool .
marouane fellaini : booked for clumsy foul on lallana after four minutes .
could have gone for early second half foul .
6.5 .
wayne rooney : took his goal brilliantly and warmed to his role in the centre of the pitch .
booked for chopping coutinho .
disciplined defensively second half .
excellent performance .
7.5 .
wayne rooney expertly steers the ball to give united an early lead against liverpool .
the united captain shows his delight after giving manchester united the lead against arch-rivals liverpool .
ashley young : trademark flail of the arms early in the first half , accompanied by appeal for free kick on the touchline .
did ok .
6.5 .
juan mata : miles offside