by .
keith gladdis .
published : .
18:33 est , 3 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:28 est , 4 february 2013 .
with his boy band looks , beautiful girlfriend and hollywood style surname the new star of english rugby might be forgiven for losing his head .
especially after billy twelvetrees left his mother ` close to tears ' after scoring a thrilling try in front of an 80,000 crowd on his international debut against scotland in the six nations on saturday .
however , his proud parents kevin and beverley remain determined that the youngest of their four twelvetrees boys stays true to his working class roots .
scroll down for video .
hottest name in rugby : england 's latest rugby hero billy twelvetrees -lrb- pictured with girlfriend georgie rollings -rrb- has a devoted family who could hardly contain their excitement at his international debut on saturday .
accordingly , the twelvetrees clan avoided the traditional pre-game picnics with champagne at the twickenham car park in favour of a pint in the nearby eel pie pub .
they were joined by billy 's three older brothers jonny , joe and matt , his school pe teacher david sainsbury and his childhood sweetheart georgie rollings .
but even the twelvetrees struggled to contain their excitement after watching their 6ft 3ins son smash his way through two scottish defenders to score .
comprehensive school educated twelvetrees , 24 , was only in the england starting xv to replace an injured colleague .
but the performance by the gloucester centre in saturday 's 38-18 win over scotland has left his relatives delighted and ` overwhelmed ' .
so proud : billy 's mother was ` close to tears ' after scoring a thrilling try in front of an 80,000 crowd on his international debut against scotland in the six nations on saturday .
smashed through scottish defenders : twelvetrees , 24 , was only in the england starting xv to replace an injured colleague but his performance in saturday 's 38-18 win over scotland has delighted his relatives .
billy 's brother matt yesterday said : ` mum 's been close to tears all day , it 's all she 's talked about .
' speaking from the family 's modest semi-detached home in the village of wisborough green , west sussex , matt said