these are the second world war bunkers that still crouch on the landscape as echoes of the biggest conflict in history .
photographer jonathan andrew scoured the wartime territory of the netherlands , france , belgium and even scotland to take these eerie images .
he has captured the stern beauty of structures once meant to withstand the fury of war .
scroll down for video .
the type 583a / m 178 fire control post at .
heerenduin , ijmuiden , netherlands : photographer jonathan andrew scoured .
the netherlands , france , belgium and even .
scotland to take these eerie images .
type 669 heenschemolen bunker , heensche molen , netherlands : the .
photographer said he started his collection over bunker photos because .
he ` found the geometry and shape of the structures fascinating ' the type 703 emminkhuizen , south of renswoude , .
netherlands : most of the structures photographed in the set are part of .
the atlantic wall fortifications , but this is part of the de westwall , .
aka the siegfried line , which sat between germany and france .
the r636 fire control post , zuydcoote , near .
dunkirk , france : the atlantic wall fortifications were built in .
anticipation of an allied invasion .
mr andrew says it ` is as if they .
were still on guard but nobody had told them the war is over ' the sk observation tower , fliegerhorst , .
hemiksem , belgium : this lookout post formed part of a decoy airfield , .
intended to draw away allied attacks .
it was not a success , the allies .
did bomb it - but with wooden bombs ... the type l483 transmitter bunker , spaarndam , .
netherlands : graffiti artists have given this inland fortification , just .
east of haarlem , a second , less destructive chance at life as a canvas .
for their typographical artworks .
the 42-year-old , originally from .
stockport , cheshire , but now living in amsterdam , holland , started his .
bunker odyssey in 2009 and has now visited them all over europe .
' i .
originally found the geometry and shape of the structures fascinating .
and the fact that they were just left standing alone in a farmer 's field .
or on a