by .
ellie zolfagharifard .
in space , the lack of gravity can stretch an astronaut 's spine causing them to grow in height by as much as 3 inches -lrb- 7cm -rrb- .
in an effort to prevent this , scientists have developed skin-tight spacesuits that mimic the force of gravity on the human body .
using designs by mit , scientists at king 's college london are refining the tight-fitting ` skinsuits ' for testing in space to help astronauts overcome back problems .
the skinsuit is a tailor-made overall with a bi-directional weave specially designed to counteract the lack of gravity by squeezing the body from the shoulders to the feet with a similar force to that felt on earth .
the skinsuit is woven in two directions to counteract the lack of gravity by squeezing the body from the shoulders to the feet .
current prototypes are made of spandex although new materials are being examined .
` getting the suit to fit correctly was challenging , ' said simon evetts , medical projects and technology unit team lead at the european astronaut centre .
floating in space , astronauts ' bodies adapt to weightlessness in ways that are not always wanted .
bone and muscle waste away as they have less work to do without gravity -lrb- left -rrb- .
on the right , the force the suit is producing is being measured at the feet with a computer using force transducers in the soles of the footwear .
imagine that the vertebrae in the human back comes in the form a giant spring .
pushing down on the spring keeps it coiled tightly .
when the force is released , the spring stretches out .
in the same way , the spine elongates by up to three per cent while humans travel in space .
there is less gravity pushing down on the vertebrae , so they can stretch out - up to 3inches -lrb- 7cm -rrb- .
the process gradually reverses once astronaut 's return to earth .
however , the process can cause backache and a fourfold increased chance of slipping a disc .
` we needed to create a suit that is both tight-fitting but comfortable to wear , while creating the right amount of force in the right places .
' floating in space , astronauts ' bodies adapt to