not many people have narrowly escaped death by as thin a margin as this taiwanese motorist who was almost crushed to death by a massive boulder crashing down onto the road just a few yards away from him .
this extraordinary video , recorded by chance on a camera mounted on the dashboard of a second car following behind , shows just how lucky the first driver was .
the boulder , weighing hundreds of tonnes and as almost as big as a house , rolled down the hillside near keelung city in a landslide triggered by heavy rain .
scroll down for video .
yards from oblivion : this driver was nearly crushed by a boulder than fell onto the coastal road in keelung , northern taiwan .
the car was heavily damaged by the falling debris that came before the rock landed in the road .
tropical storm kong-rey pounded taiwan earlier this week , leading to widespread flooding in the south that left three people dead , the government said .
floodwaters rose to a depth of 10 feet and the storm also disrupted air and rail traffic , as well as forcing offices and schools to shut .
several landslides have been recorded during the spate of wild weather , but this is the most dramatic to have been captured on camera .
rocks began moving at the top of the hillside as the wet earth made them unstable .
the drivers below were apparently unaware of the danger - until the huge boulder smashed down onto the road causing a bomb-like explosion of mud and rock .
unaware : the white car moments before the death-defying accident .
explosion : a wave of dirt is thrown over the road after the earth-shattering impact .
the front of the car is battered by soil and rocks and the driver slams on his brakes .
the debris smashes into the car , pushing it to the side in the video , posted on youtube .
it shows the lucky motorist slamming on his brakes and having the presence of mind to switch on his hazard warning lights as the boulder rocked to a standstill beside his car .
it even teeters alarmingly over the vehicle before finally coming to a standstill .
he remains in the vehicle for a few moments , then steps out to stare