click here to read why micah richards felt he had to leave manchester city .
micah richards has lifted the lid on his infamous training ground bust-up with mario balotelli .
the pair , who were both playing for manchester city at the time , had to be separated by team-mates at the club 's carrington hq in december 2011 .
and speaking on thursday , richards revealed the reasons behind the disagreement .
video scroll down to watch micah richards : leaving manchester city was difficult .
mario balotelli and micah richards -lrb- l -rrb- came to blows on the training ground in december 2011 .
micah richards is dragged away by former manchester city teammate joe hart -lrb- l -rrb- .
micah richards tries to break away from teammate james milner 's grasp to get back at mario balotelli .
mario balotelli speaks to vincent kompany after taking offence at being asked to run by micah richards .
mario balotelli was also involved in a row with jerome boateng -lrb- r -rrb- during his time at the etihad .
` we were playing in five-a-side match , and our team was losing because his man was always scoring , ' said richards .
` so i said to mario : `` you have to run '' .
he said something in italian that was n't so nice and we had a bit of an argument , but after that it was finished .
we are good friends in england .
' and richards has backed balotelli to make a success of his move to liverpool .
micah richards has joined fiorentina on loan after a lack of playing opportunities under manuel pellegrini .
facts and figures show that micah richards ' career has taken a down turn at the etihad stadium .
mario balotelli has returned to the premier league after joining liverpool for # 16million .
` he 'll be playing with my good friend daniel sturridge and they 'll make a good partnership , ' added richards .
` the fans will love him ; off the field he is a little bit ... but he 's one of the most talented players on the field .
meanwhile , the good news for manchester city fans was that vincent kompany was back in training ahead of the trip to arsenal .
and the captain showed he