by .
louise cheer .
an early wedding present came for a devoted royalist in the form of a personalised letter from the duke and duchess of cambridge who ` reluctantly ' declined her wedding invite .
two months ago , novafm producer georgie clark - who said she had been obsessed with the royal family since she was young - sent an invitation off to prince william and princess kate asking them to attend her august 9 wedding to fiance chris page , 31 .
attached to the invitation was a note that read : ` we 're massive supporters of you and followed your trip around australia .
we know that airfares are expensive but we 'd love to see you there anyway ' , ms clarke told daily mail australia .
scroll down for video .
nova producer georgie clark -lrb- pictured here with nova 's fitzy and wippa -rrb- received a letter from wills and kate who ` reluctantly ' declined her wedding invite .
on wednesday afternoon , the 32-year-old got the shock of her life when she received a letter from the royal couple , saying after ` careful consideration to the possibilities ' they ` reluctantly feel they have to decline ' her invitiation .
' i was so excited .
i got it yesterday in the mailbox and i ran upstairs to read it , ' ms clarke told daily mail australia .
` the envelope is beautiful quality and it has a buckingham palace stamp on it and an er -lsb- elizabeth regina -rsb- on it .
' in the letter dated july 10 , claudia spens wrote on behalf of the royal highnesses , saying : ` the duke and duchess were extremely grateful for your kind invitation .
' ` the duke and duchess send you their best wishes , and very much regret having to send you this necessarily disappointing reply , ' miss spens wrote .
prince william and princess kate -lrb- centre , pictured here with prince harry and sprinter usain bolt -rrb- wrote they were ` grateful ' for the invite .
the letter says the royal highnesses ` reluctantly feel they have to decline ' ms clark 's invite to her august 9 wedding .
ms clark said she had been obsessed with the royal family her ` whole life ' .
' i