louis van gaal has confirmed that phil jones could be out of action for between three weeks and a month with a hamstring strain -- one of nine players sidelined at old trafford .
jones limped out of england 's euro 2016 qualifier against switzerland in basel on monday night and was immediately sent for scans that revealed the extent of his injury .
he joins michael carrick , marouane fellaini , chris smalling , ashley young , jesse lingard , james wilson , reece james and sam johnstone on the sidelines .
the only good news is that and luke shaw is available again and carrick has started running on grass after eight weeks out with ankle ligament damage .
you can like our manchester united facebook page here .
louis van gaal has confirmed that phil jones could be out for around a month with a hamstring injury .
the only good news is that michael carrick is running again and luke shaw -lrb- right -rrb- is back fit .
louis van gaal speaks to radamel falcao after hinting he would like to sign the monaco striker on a permanent deal .
new signings marcos rojo -lrb- r -rrb- , angel di maria -lrb- 2r -rrb- and ander herrera -lrb- 3l -rrb- join united teammates for training .
the injury list is so long that van gaal turned up at his friday press conference with a piece of paper .
` now i have my paper and my glasses , ' said the dutchman .
` fellaini not ready , carrick not ready but he has run for first time on grass -- unbelievable after eight weeks -- johnstone elbow problems , smalling not fit enough but he shall train tomorrow with the group for first time , wilson and james not ready , jones is injured with the national team , lingard , young also injured .
` nine players and when i left for international week there were 10 .
only one is back -- shaw .
he is fit enough to play minutes but not the whole game so that 's the difference .
` fellaini is longer than a month , jones maybe three weeks or a month but it 's very difficult to say and not good to say that because i lay pressure on him .
' radamel falcao -lrb- l -rrb-