jockey andrea atzeni has an early chance to promote the classic claims of a contender owned by his new qatar racing bosses when he partners terror in wednesday 's landwades nell gwyn stakes at newmarket .
the 1,000 guineas hope , trained by david simcock , is one of six out of the nine entries to hold an engagement in the guineas .
terror finished fourth place in the group one cheveley park stakes over six furlongs at the rowley mile last september prior to her landing a listed event there five weeks later .
jockey andrea atzeni will ride terror in wednesday 's landwades nell gwyn stakes at newmarket .
simcock said : ` terror has had a trouble-free preparation and done well physically over the winter , her recent work has been solid .
she is not a bad filly -- she would have to be good to finish fourth in the cheveley park on only her second start -- and she has done nothing wrong .
` although she is quite clean-winded it is difficult to know where you stand fitness-wise until you get her into a race scenario .
trainer richard hannon is represented by osaila and marsh hawk in the nell gwyn at newmarket .
` she might prefer a bit of dig in the ground but she has already proved that she handles fast ground , and i do n't think that this step up to seven furlongs will be a problem for her .
' other nell gwyn entries include two fillies from the richard hannon -- osaila , winner of the group three princess margaret stakes winner , and marsh hawk , who has not run since finishing fourth in the group one dubai fillies ' mile in october .
john gosden 's faydhan is the key horse entered in wednesday 's free handicap .
john gosden is represented by faydhan in wednesday 's free handicap at newmarket .
the colt has not run since making a winning debut at haydock in july is second favourite for the 2,000 guineas on may 2 .
meanwhile , frankie dettori , who rides osaila in the nell gwyn , has been unveiled as newmarket 's ambassador for 2015 .
he said : ` i love newmarket racecourses .
the town is my home and i have wonderful memories of many victories , not least