by .
victoria woollaston in barcelona .
published : .
07:34 est , 25 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
12:19 est , 25 february 2014 .
among the high-profile launches at this week 's mobile world congress , a security firm disrupted the event with a smartphone built entirely around encryption .
the blackphone is an android-based handset built by spanish manufacturer geeksphone alongside security experts silent circle and pretty good privacy -lrb- pgp -rrb- .
everything , from the custom-built privatos to web browsing and apps , are encrypted , or have been fitted with an extra layer of security .
scroll down for video .
almost follow-proof : the blackphone is an android-based handset built by spanish manufacturer geeksphone alongside security experts silent circle and pretty good privacy .
internet access on the phone is carried out through a virtual private network -lrb- vpn -rrb- that sends and receives data in a way that 's designed to keep it hidden .
when the phone boots up it asks for a password and pin before a wizard guides users through the security options .
for example , it shows users which apps want access to which data .
the blackphone owner can then decide to restrict access to that information and handpick the apps and the data they share .
mike kershaw , chief architect from blackphone told mailonline the smartphone was designed to have ` the benefit of security without having to have an in-depth knowledge of how to make a phone secure .
' the company says that it is ` anti-personal data from the ground up ' .
they say the phone will appeal will appeal to those who do n't want any data collection , those who agree with principle of collecting data and businessmen .
kershaw continued that there are existing products , such as red phone , that lets customers communicate securely to each other , but ` blackphone extends this concept to everyone .
' ` we 're anti-personal data from the ground up .
` there are a number of people this handset will appeal to ; there 's the people who do n't want any data collection .
` there are people concerned about data collection for data collection sake .
` then there are people concerned about secondary data collection , such as business men who