by .
lucy crossley .
published : .
00:11 est , 23 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:46 est , 23 december 2013 .
overgrown and long-forgotten , this pile of twisted metal is the wreckage of pan am flight 103 - hidden away in a scrapyard some 25 years after the tragic lockerbie bombing .
shrouded from view behind high fences and surrounding trees , the aircraft 's distinctive blue and white livery is clearly visible in these aerial photographs .
the remains of the bombed jet were taken to the scrapyard in rural lincolnshire shortly after the disaster on december 21 , 1988 , and have lain there ever since .
scroll down for video .
remains : this pile of twisted metal is the wreckage of pan am flight 103 - hidden away in a lincolnshire scrapyard some 25 years after the tragic lockerbie bombing .
distinctive : shrouded from view behind high fences and surrounding trees , the aircraft 's distinctive blue and white livery is clearly visible in these aerial photographs .
wreckage : the 325 tonnes of mangled alumunium alloy can not be moved from the site until all investigations into the tragedy have been completed .
the 325 tonnes of mangled alumunium alloy can not be moved from the site until all investigations into the tragedy , which killed 270 people , have been completed , according to the mirror .
in the aftermath of the crash , some of the wreckage was taken to an army based in cumbria , where it was examined by experts , while the mid-section - which felt the full force of the bomb - is being kept by the air accidents investigation branch in hampshire .
however , most of the remains of the aircraft are being stored at windley 's salvage scrapyard , near tattershall .
scene : rescue workers examine the nose of pan am flight 103 in the hours after the explosion on december 21 , 1988 .
the doomed plane was on its way from london to new york when it .
exploded above lockerbie , in southern scotland , on the evening of .
december 21 1988 , less than an hour after take-off .
everyone on board the flight was killed , as were 11 people on the ground .
many of the victims were american college