by .
sean poulter .
published : .
10:40 est , 11 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
19:21 est , 11 october 2012 .
tourism numbers during the olympics fell to their lowest summer level for almost ten years as travellers were put off by warnings of gridlock and chaos .
although the government had boasted the games would deliver a boost to retailers , restaurants and attractions , foreign visitors to the uk actually fell 5 per cent compared with 2011 .
the figures , by the office for national statistics , showed 3.03 million tourists arrived in britain in august -- 176,000 less than the same time last year .
some of london 's busiest roads , including regent street above , were deserted during the london olympics .
it was the lowest august number since .
2003 , when tony blair 's government joined america in invading iraq -- .
resulting in foreign tourism , particularly from the us , falling sharply .
taking july and august together , the .
total number of tourists was 6.21 million -- a decrease of 358,000 .
the .
figures follow complaints by business leaders during the games that .
overblown warnings of travel chaos had turned some key tourism sites .
into ` ghost towns ' .
at the time , photos taken outside .
normally busy attractions such as the tower of london and oxford street .
showed the normal summer queues were absent .
a survey of london restaurants also found takings were down by an average of 40 per cent .
tourism chiefs also pointed to the unusually wet summer as having put some visitors off .
despite this , then culture minister .
jeremy hunt denied that businesses were suffering , saying : ` this is absolute nonsense and we have just got to knock this on the head .
tourism bosses hope the millions worldwide who watched the games , including the paralympic closing ceremony above , will now consider holidaying in the uk .
` anyone who has a business anywhere in .
london is frankly quids in .
some west end businesses have done .
extremely well because they 've marketed on the back of the olympics .
some businesses have taken a hit , others are doing well , but overall .
there is a big increase in