david cameron is preparing to issue a personal apologise to the queen after he was caught boasting she had ` purred down the line ' when he called to tell her scotland had rejected independence .
the prime minister was said to be ` deeply embarrassed ' last night after he was inadvertently caught on camera discussing the queen 's reaction to last week 's referendum .
his comments were blasted by scottish first minister alex salmond , who led the campaign for independence , as ` absolutely pathetic ' .
scroll down for video .
in an extraordinary sequence , david cameron was today heard talking about the moment he rang the queen at balmoral to give her the news about the vote .
despite being just feet from the cameras , mr cameron appears to have had no qualms about being so indiscreet about his private discussions with the head of state .
he told bbc scotland : ` david cameron has been prime minister for four years and he has n't learned basic civility on not gossiping about what her majesty the queen thinks , or does n't think , to michael bloomberg , or anyone else for that matter .
` that 's absolutely pathetic and he should hang his head in shame .
' mr cameron is in new york for talks at the united nations on tackling the rise of isis extremists .
but sources indicated the prime minister will issue a private apology to her majesty over what experts described as an ` extraordinary breach of protocol ' .
apparently said she had ` purred down the line ' when she was told scots had voted by 55 per cent to 45 to remain part of the uk .
audio experts at the bbc , who analysed the footage , claim he then said : ` i have never heard someone tear up like that .
' other listeners were divided , with some saying mr cameron had described the queen as seeming ` happy ' and ` grateful ' .
his comments were blasted by scottish first minister alex salmond , who led the campaign for independence , as ` absolutely pathetic ' the astonishing slip came as he chatted with billionaire us media mogul michael bloomberg at a trade event in new york yesterday .
mr cameron appeared to be unaware