by .
joshua gardner .
the son of a north carolina-based missionary says his mother is bravely battling the ebola virus while remaining in isolation in liberia .
jeremy writebol in wichita , kansas , appeared on today on wednesday and revealed he 's been able to talk with nancy writebol as she fights the illness .
he says his mother is able to move around the home where she 's in isolation and has been able to get plenty of fluids .
` she ¿ s fighting through it ¿ : jeremy writebol , son of ebola-stricken missionary nancy writebol , spoke out wednesday and revealed his mother 's stable but serious condition .
fighting for her life : nancy and david writebol had been working as christian missionaries for years when nancy was diagnosed with ebola on july 25 .
she is now fighting for her life against the incurable disease .
david must take his temperature every few hours as doctors fear he may still be infected as well .
` she 's stable , ' he told today .
` she 's fighting through it and continuing to express a few symptoms but she 's able to move around on her own .
' meanwhile , nancy 's husband and fellow missionary david is unable to see her save through a clinic window .
the couple were in close contact in the days leading up to nancy 's terrifying diagnosis and now mr. writebol must take his body temperature every couple of hours as he and his caregivers watch for signs he too has caught the virus .
writebol is a missionary with sim and had the particulary risky job of decontaminating doctors and other caregivers who 'd been in direct contact with ebola victims .
dangerous work : nancy in all likelihood got the virus while she worked decontaminating doctors who 'd worked closely with extremely contagious ebola victims .
she and her husband have been serving the poor and disease-stricken as christian missionaries in south america and africa for nearly 15 years .
the writebols ' church in charlotte , north carolina , planned a prayer service wednesday night for the two .
a statement from samaritan 's purse on wednesday said writebol and infected doctor from texas dr. kent brantly both remain in serious condition .
meanwhile , samaritan 's purse is making