by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
17:22 est , 12 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
17:23 est , 12 october 2012 .
a coroner has called for tougher laws on ` legal highs ' after a 20-year-old student took one and died just one month before it was outlawed .
tragic grant mace was found dead in the sea after taking methoxetamine - known as mxe or mexxy - billed as a ` safe ' alternative to ketamine .
grant , a first year robotics student at the university of plymouth , died after taking the hallucinogenic drug on march 4 .
methoxetamine or mxe commonly called mexxy is a synthetic drug sold on the internet with similar effects to ketamine .
tragically mxe was made illegal just four weeks later on april 5 , the inquest in plymouth , devon , heard .
just four weeks after his death it became the first drug banned by the government under a new temporary class drug order .
this week anti-drug campaigners have warned a new ` legal high ' is hitting britain 's streets every week .
campaigners are currently calling for the government to outlaw a substance called ` annihilation ' which is available legally and has been linked to several deaths in europe .
an inquest in plymouth , devon , heard grant had taken methoxetamine with two friends in his student halls .
he was found floating dead in the sea the next day and it is unclear if he went swimming or fell in .
but the inquest heard the cause of death was drowning after the drug had caused grant to ` lose control of his mind and body ' .
plymouth coroner ian arrow recorded an open verdict and called for the government to tighten the laws on legal drugs .
grant mace was a first year robotics student at the university of plymouth .
he said : `` i 'm satisfied that the drug had an adverse effect on grant 's cognitive function and i am satisfied that he hallucinated .
` we do n't know what his movement is after that .
at some stage he was in the sea , but i 'm afraid the full circumstances will never be known .
` the effects of this drug are unknown and you would do things