a 30-mile car chase ended with a 16-year-old joyrider smashing into another car - a few inches from two top newsreaders .
the bizarre coincidence happened yesterday in the west london district of hammersmith , home to bbc veteran kate silverton and her sky news rival isabel webster .
ms webster , 32 , said it was a miracle no one was killed in the drama , which ended in the 16-year-old being arrested and another driver being taken to hospital .
scroll down for video .
debris : two rival newsreaders , the bbc 's kate silverton and sky 's isabel webster , were inches from a horror crash by london 's hammersmith bridge -lrb- above -rrb- which left one driver needing hospital treatment .
damage : a 16-year-old boy was arrested after the crash -lrb- pictured -rrb- and remained in police custody .
coincidence : rival newsreaders kate silverton -lrb- left -rrb- and isabel webster of sky news ' breakfast show both witnessed the crash .
ms webster , who presents alongside eamonn holmes , said it was a miracle no one died .
police began a chase in salfords , surrey - near gatwick airport - and scrambled several cars and a helicopter before it ended beside west london 's hammersmith bridge at 1pm yesterday .
the vw passat , which had been chased by a convoy of officers along the a3 into london , smashed into a vauxhall astra behind sunrise presenter ms webster 's car .
the passat spun five times across the road , passing within inches of ms webster 's car , while the driver of the astra had to be taken to hospital with neck injuries .
by chance the crash was also witnessed by bbc veteran ms silverton , 44 , as she walked with her three-year-old daughter and pushed her four-month-old baby in a pram .
the ` dazed ' driver of the passat - which ms webster said had been travelling at up to 70mph - remained shocked in his car before escaping on foot .
he was later arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving and is still being questioned by police .
under arrest : police escort a young driver from the scene after a car chase which had lasted for 30 miles .
investigation : police declared the area a crime scene as they examined the passat