by .
sarah griffiths .
published : .
09:55 est , 31 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
10:14 est , 31 january 2014 .
the european space agency 's -lrb- esa -rrb- huge horn is part of the most powerful sound system in europe .
but , according to the agency , no human can survive hearing it when it is turned to its maximum volume .
instead , the massive machine , which is used to blast satellites and spacecraft with sound , is shut away behind reinforced walls .
engineer kees van zijtveldt -lrb- pictured -rrb- stands beside the largest sound horn of esa 's large european acoustic facility -lrb- leaf -rrb- , which is capable of subjecting satellites and spacecraft to the same noise a launcher produces as it takes off and flies through the atmosphere .
any sound above 85 decibels can cause hearing loss in humans and the pain threshold is between 120 and 130 decibels , according to listverse .
a 400,000 watt speaker used at rock concerts can generate around 135 decibels of noise .
theoretically , fireworks and gunfire can create a staggering 145 decibels but you ca n't stand next to them to be exposed to that level of sound and survive .
the call of the blue whale reaches levels of up to 188 decibels so it can travel for hundreds of miles under water .
humans tend to stand around half a mile away from a shuttle launch as if they were very close they would be exposed to up to 170 decibels of sound .
esa 's leaf sound system can generate over 154 decibels of noise .
esa 's large european acoustic facility -lrb- leaf -rrb- is used to subject satellites to the same level of noise as a rocket makes when it takes off and flies though the atmosphere .
it is housed at esa 's estec test centre where there is a collection of spaceflight simulation facilities , in noordwijk , the netherlands .
one wall of the sound chamber that houses the massive horn stands 16.4 metres tall and 11metres wide by nine metres deep .
nitrogen shot through the horns can produce a range of noise up to more than 154 decibels -- which is like standing close to multiple jets taking off .
the herschel spacecraft -lrb- pictured -rrb-