morbidly obese workers should be treated as ` disabled ' by their bosses , one of europe 's top lawyers ruled yesterday .
niilo jaaskinen , advocate general at the european court of justice , said that ` extreme , severe or morbid ' obesity prevents staff from a full ` participation in professional life ' .
mr jaaskinen 's ruling on a test case at the luxembourg court could lead to bosses across europe -- including in britain -- being banned from discriminating against fat employees .
controversial : niilo jaaskinen -lrb- left -rrb- , advocate general at the european court of justice , said that ` extreme , severe or morbid ' obesity prevents staff from a full ` participation in professional life ' -lrb- file picture right -rrb- .
the advocate general was asked to rule on a case brought by 25st child-minder karsten kaltoft , who was sacked by a local authority in denmark for being unable to perform basic duties due to his size .
the council , billund kommune , claimed the child-minder was so fat that he required help from a colleague to tie up children 's shoelaces .
mr jaaskinen found eu law does not prohibit discrimination specifically on the grounds of obesity .
but he said those with extreme obesity , classified as having a body mass index -lrb- bmi -rrb- of more than 40 , could be considered disabled .
a healthy bmi score , which is based on weight and height , is between 18 and 25 .
he said : ` if obesity has reached such a degree that it plainly hinders participation in professional life , then this can be a disability .
' he added that just because obesity is ` self-inflicted ' it is not any less worthy of being classed as a ` disability ' than other afflictions .
although his judgment is not binding , it will be used by the ecj as a basis for deciding whether mr kaltoft 's obesity is a disability under eu law , and whether his employer was guilty of discrimination by dismissing him .
and if the ecj stick to mr jaaskinen 's ruling , it could result in widespread changes to workplace disability laws .
tam fry , of the national obesity forum , said : ` if this opinion becomes the court 's ruling