by .
andrew levy .
it was a somewhat desperate attempt at a joke to win the respect of his pupils .
but parents did not find this photo of teacher nathan rawlings quite so funny .
the 31-year-old head of maths emailed the picture of himself dressed as a ` gangsta ' , complete with fake gun and baseball cap , to children of honywood community science school in coggeshall , essex .
horrified parents complained it glamorised violence and was particularly inappropriate following two brutal murders in nearby colchester .
head of maths , nathan rawlings , 31 , emailed the picture of himself dressed as a ` gangsta ' , complete with fake gun and baseball cap , to children of honywood community science school in coggeshall , essex .
one mother , who asked not to be named , said : ` it was only by chance that i happened to notice it on the computer after my daughter had used it .
` he had sent it to everyone in her form .
apparently it was taken in a fun photo booth at a school fete on monday but why was he emailing it to the children ?
` it 's very inappropriate .
we 've got a possible serial killer in colchester .
' the body of saudi arabian woman nahid almanea , a 31-year-old student at essex university , was found with 16 knife wounds on a pathway in the town on june 17 .
the body of saudi arabian woman nahid almanea , a 31-year-old student at essex university , was found with 16 knife wounds on a pathway in the town on june 17 .
detectives said the killing may be .
linked to the murder of james attfield -lrb- r -rrb- , 33 , a father of five stabbed 102 .
times and found near colchester 's castle park on march 29 .
detectives have said the killing may be linked to the murder of james attfield , 33 , a father of five stabbed 102 times and found near colchester 's castle park on march 29 .
another parent said mr rawlings ' photo went to everyone in her son 's year 9 class , adding : ` i also noticed it was sent at 2.39 pm on tuesday -- during school time .
` what on earth was