by .
mike dickson .
jonathan trott has insisted that his sudden decision to quit this winter 's ashes tour was due to physical and mental burnout , rather than depression .
he admits , however , that the stress of the trip led to repeat headaches , and to him hiding away from his team-mates at breakfast while being unsure about how he would feel when travelling to the ground .
after getting home , he feared that people might view him as a ` nutcase ' .
in a sky sports documentary to be broadcast on sunday evening , the england batsman differentiates his case from that of marcus trescothick , and he emphasises that he wants to resume his international career as soon as possible this summer .
video : scroll down for jonathan trott on the ashes and a comeback .
mental burnout : jonathan trott 's face tells the story after he was dismissed by mitchell johnson at the gabba .
a weight off his mind : trott revealed the reason behind his decision to quit the ashes tour on sky .
focused on a return : trott wants to resume his international career this summer .
admission : trott says he was consumed by guilt watching his england colleagues struggle without him .
giving what is his first account of the circumstances that saw him fly home after november 's first test in brisbane , he concedes that he was consumed by guilt watching his colleagues struggle when back in england .
nonetheless , he is convinced that he did the right thing by leaving australia , after a recurrence of feelings he has experienced before .
` i knew i was n't helping anyone by being there , i would have been a passenger basically , ' he tells interviewer ian ward .
` i was trying everything to get myself in the right frame of mind to contribute , i was working hard in the nets , but emotionally it was hard to keep myself in check .
` just coming down to breakfast i 'd sit on my own , away from the guys with my cap over my head , because i did n't know how i was going to react to having to go to the cricket ground again .
' he states that the brief gap between unprecedented