america 's top intelligence official is predicting that vladimir putin plans to seize the strategic ukrainian port of mariupol in spring .
such a move by pro-moscow rebels backed by the russian army would be a key step in creating a land bridge and supply route to annexed crimea .
it would amount to a huge escalation in the conflict in eastern ukraine .
scroll down for video .
pro-russian rebels of the separate repair and refurbishment battalion repair seized ukrainian military vehicles and artillery in a factory compound in donetsk .
america 's top intelligence official is predicting that vladimir putin plans to seize the strategic ukrainian port of mariupol in spring .
an attack on mariupol -lrb- pictured -rrb- would amount to a huge escalation in the conflict in eastern ukraine .
` it is not our assessment that he is bent on capturing or conquering all of ukraine , ' said james clapper , us director of national intelligence .
` he wants a whole entity composed of the two oblasts -lrb- regions -rrb- in eastern ukraine which would include a land bridge to crimea and perhaps a port , specifically mariupol .
` we do not believe that an attack on mariupol is imminent .
i believe they will wait until the spring before they attack .
' ahead of a ceasefire , which has led to a lull in fighting in recent days , there were acute fears that pro-moscow rebels were preparing an assault on mariupol , a sea of azov port .
rebels were now ` reconstituting and regrouping ' , he warned .
moscow has struggled to supply crimea from mainland russia since annexing the black sea peninsula a year ago .
tanks of pro-russian separatists on the road from donetsk to novoazovsk , mariupol district .
ukrainian army soldiers go to the front line on the outskirts of the key southeastern port city of mariupol .
for now , land transport depends on the use of ferry services across the kerch strait .
a seizure of mariupol would represent a huge defeat for ukraine and its backers in the west who want to stall putin 's alleged land grab strategy .
the us spy chief made clear he favoured supplying arms to kiev to counter russian expansionism .
this was his ` personal view ' and not necessarily the position of