ronald koeman can see himself returning to barcelona as manager one day , but the dutchman 's only focus right now is continuing southampton 's fine form .
life at the nou camp is rocky at the moment , with president josep maria bartomeu announcing on thursday that elections would be held early in a bid to lift the negative ` tension ' around the club .
the term crisis is being bandied around and the spanish press are reporting rising tensions between head coach luis enrique and some of his players , namely lionel messi .
southampton ronald koeman has rejected talk he could soon depart st mary 's to take over at barcelona .
koeman celebrates scoring the winning goal in the european cup final for barcelona at wembley in 1992 .
koeman has masterminded a superb season for southampton so far , leading the club to fourth in the league .
speculation that both could soon be leaving barca has been knocked back by bartomeu , while enrique had denied he was handed an ultimatum by the club .
his position at the helm does , though , look under pressure and koeman has been installed as the bookmakers ' favourite to replace him , thanks to his fine work at saints and his history with the catalan giants .
barcelona list the former defender amongst their ` legends ' after a highly-successful spell as a player at the nou camp - a place he can see himself returning to as manager , albeit not in the immediate future .
` at teams like barcelona , if they lose games , there 's always a lot of critics , rumours , speculation , ' koeman said .
' i know because my whole life i 'm linked to barcelona , but it 's not a time to talk about that , because i think it 's not respectful to southampton as a club , it is not respectful to the people of barcelona .
' koeman -lrb- left -rrb- took over at southampton after mauricio pochettino -lrb- right -rrb- left for tottenham last summer .
koeman -lrb- left -rrb- said he is very happy at southampton and wants to respect the contract he has at the club .
asked if he could see himself managing the club one day , koeman said : ` yes , but