a florida middle school student was found with an arsenal of weapons in his backpack last wednesday .
the 13-year-old boy , whose name is being withheld , was caught when another boy was seen handing him a knife in the cafeteria at sunrise middle school in fort lauderdale .
upon further inspection , it was revealed he was also carrying a .357 smith & wesson firearm , another knife , ammunition , a mask and fireworks .
scroll down for video .
a 13-year-old boy was found carrying a .357 smith & wesson firearm -lrb- similar to the one above -rrb- , another knife , ammunition , a mask and fireworks in his backpack at a florida school .
the sun-sentinel reports that the student was placed on involuntary hold under the baker act , which allows authorities in florida to examine the mental health of an individual and see if they are a harm to themself or others .
the teenager was eventually released , but could now face charges of weapons possession and disruption of a school function .
both the boy 's mother and attorney , jim stark , refused requests for comment .
the student who was caught giving the other boy a knife was also taken in under the baker act and released .
his age and identity are not known at this time .
principal michael walker notified parents of the incident in an email last friday , and this week assured them that the school was safe , though he did not reveal any specifics of what had occurred on that day .
despite his assurances however , many teachers are still afraid .
` it seems calculated , whatever the -lsb- student 's -rsb- plan was , ' said mary fitzgerald , a schoolteacher for over 35 years and the school 's teachers union steward .
` i 've never , never in all the years of teaching , even heard of this in broward county .
' the incident occured at sunrise middle school -lrb- above -rrb- in fort lauderdale .
another meeting has been scheduled for thursday evening with faculty , and a more detailed account of what happened has been posted in an online forum only accessible by staff at the school .
under school guidelines , possession of a class a weapon is grounds for expulsion .