by .
james tozer .
published : .
12:28 est , 31 august 2012 .
| .
updated : .
20:03 est , 31 august 2012 .
a benefits ` parasite ' who pretended he needed a wheelchair as he conned his way to a millionaire lifestyle was yesterday ordered to stand in the dock as he was jailed for eight years .
barry brooks , who insisted on being known as ` sir barry ' and claimed he could barely walk , falsely claimed # 1.8 million after setting up a sham business pretending he was helping disabled people get work .
instead , the 49-year-old and his lover and co-director derek arnold , 55 , spent the money on a portfolio of properties , top-of-the-range cars and holidays .
` sir barry ' : brooks , 49 , claimed he was unable to climb stairs , had to use an electric wheelchair and could not lift anything heavier than a sandwich yet was able to play in a swimming pool while holidaying in gran canaria .
devious : brooks set up a business aimed at helping get disabled people into work entitling him to receive grants .
he then siphoned off cash into his own accounts .
extravagant : brooks was put under surveillance in 2009 and a search of his bromley house revealed photographs of him diving around a wreck in gran canaria .
their deceit was exposed after .
investigators raided their house in bromley , kent , and found photos .
showing brooks scuba-diving around a wreck in gran canaria , dive-bombing .
into a swimming pool and riding a motorbike .
yesterday brooks arrived at court in a .
wheelchair but , after he was warned by judge martin beddoe that he .
could be found in contempt of court for persisting with the ` charade ' , .
he walked to the dock with the help of a frame .
lies : there were also photographs of him riding a powerful suzuki motorbike unaided .
able bodied : brooks claimed he would wear a support called a reciprocating gait orthosis which enabled him to walk , but nothing of the sort was found at his home .
lover : the monthly claims made on behalf of brooks ' company were submitted by derek arnold , 55 , named as a co-director and who