when a group of students got together to secretly film how australians would respond to racial attacks against muslims in public , they were amazed with the end results .
the social experiment was filmed with hidden cameras , showing members of the public who intervened when the man attempted to link conflict in the middle east with australian muslims .
different reactions in the video were recorded of passers-by defending a muslim woman , while the man accuses her of being a terrorist and questions what she 's wearing .
scroll down for video .
racism put to the test : the footage shows different scenes of passers-by defending a muslim woman while the man accuses her of being a terrorist and questions what she 's wearing .
` what are you wearing ?
is n't it a bit too hot to be wearing that sort of stuff outside ?
like seriously , do n't you find it confronting ?
' he said .
` you look like a terrorist wearing that .
you know that , right ?
` do n't you want to be part of team australia ?
do n't you think it 's a bit hot to wear that ?
` what 's in the bag ?
do you have some explosives - some bombs in the bag ?
' the actor , who is seen wearing black pants , a denim jacket over a black top , baseball cap , with headphones around his neck and black sun glasses , is recorded in a busy public area as he makes his racial slurs against muslim people .
members of the public are seen and heard defending the muslim woman in the video , while another woman walks over and takes her away from the man .
the man publicly questions passers-by about what the young boy was wearing , saying : ` with everything going on , it 's a bit insensitive for them to be wearing these sorts of stuff outside ... ' while he continues his abuse of muslim woman , the video shows a young woman walking over and taking her away , while others are heard in the background saying : ` leave her alone .
' the student starts asking passers-by : ` can you see this ?
can you see what she 's wearing ?
why ca n't