by .
sophie borland .
published : .
19:04 est , 12 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
04:47 est , 13 january 2014 .
epidemic : the report warns half of britons will be obese by 2050 -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
dire warnings that half of britons will be obese by 2050 are an ` underestimate ' , a shock report warns today .
the obesity epidemic could be far worse than predicted because experts did not factor in how much fatter we are getting as we age , it says .
the report blames junk food firms for confusing the public about healthy eating , and says ministers and gps are failing to get a grip of the problem , with nhs systems ` not fit for purpose ' .
more than a quarter of adults -lrb- 26 per cent -rrb- are obese , up from just 8 per cent in 1980 .
in 2007 , an alarming government review warned that by 2050 , obesity would affect half of all adults and cost the economy # 50billion a year .
yet a report by the national obesity forum says the predictions were ` optimistic ' and underestimated the ` true scale of the problem ' .
the forum -- which comprises doctors and other experts -- says the government is focusing too much on prevention rather than helping those who are obese lose weight .
it also describes a reward system for gps , which pays them to record whether patients are too fat without having to offer any dietary advice , as being ` unfit for purpose ' .
dr aseem malhotra , a cardiologist at croydon university hospitals , south london , said obesity was ` the greatest threat to health worldwide ' .
he said poor diet was contributing to more disease than physical inactivity , smoking and alcohol combined , and accused junk food firms of adopting strategies of ` denial ' and trying to confuse the public to ensure they carried on buying unhealthy products .
dr malhotra said the companies were using the same tactics as those used by the tobacco industry 50 years ago when evidence first emerged that smoking caused lung cancer .
` junk food companies sponsor sporting events and athletes endorse sugary drinks , with advertising that targets the most vulnerable members of society