scientists have produced the first cloned dog in britain after its owner won a competition to have her elderly pet replicated .
rebecca smith , 29 , from west london , put her elderly dachshund , winnie , forward to be cloned in a # 60,000 competition organised by south korean tech firm , sooam biotech .
she won , and the cloned puppy , called mini winnie , was conceived in a test tube and born in seoul on 30 march .
scroll down for video .
britain 's first cloned dog : this dachshund puppy , born on 30 march , was cloned from a 12-year-old , winnie .
rebecca smith , 29 , with her cloned puppy , mini winnie , at the seoul lab where it was conceived and born .
miss smith , a caterer , entered her 12-year-old dachshund , winnie , into the competition for a # 60,000 cloning .
tiny puppy : the dachshund , called mini winnie , was born in a laboratory in seoul , south korea .
the puppy , seen suckling its surrogate mother , will be flown to its new home in london when it is six months .
the process involves obtaining live cells from a living dog or a dog five days after it has died .
dogs that have similar ovulation time are selected as egg donors and surrogate mothers .
eggs are collected from the egg donor through a procedure called ` flushing ' and the nuclei of the eggs , which contain dna of the egg donor , is removed .
then donor cell is then injected into the nucleated egg and the two cells are ` fused ' together .
this fusion procedure produces a cloned embryo that is transferred into a surrogate dog .
the whole process takes less than a day but comes with a hefty price tag , at around $ 100,000 or # 63,000 to clone one dog .
sooam biotech has cloned highly trained rescue and police dogs for the south korean government , as well as a number of highly prized pets in the u.s. .
the process was filmed by a television company and will be aired tonight .
the first mammal to be cloned was dolly the sheep , born in edinburgh in 1996 .
dogs were first cloned in south korea in