it is one of britain 's greatest architectural masterpieces and these stunning photos give a rare glimpse inside the 150-year-old clifton suspension bridge .
the iconic bridge , stretched 245 feet above the river avon to link bristol with somerset , reached its landmark birthday this month .
and to celebrate , photographer jon rowley was granted rare access to the magnificent structure that isambard kingdom brunel referred to as ` my first child , my darling ' .
scroll down for video .
photographer jon rowley was given rare access to the leigh woods tower of the clifton suspension bridge .
detail of the giant rollers that the chains rest on allowing them miniscule movement when loads pass over the bridge .
david anderson , bridge master of brunel 's clifton suspension bridge stands inside the leigh woods tower - the abutment on which is stands was discovered to consist of 12 vaulted champers back in 2002 .
detail of the giant cradle that the chains rest on .
the slight movement of the chains absorbs forces created by chain deflection prevents and damage to both tower and chain as heavy loads pass over the bridge .
jon captured images from inside the 110ft-high leigh woods tower and the stunning views across bristol and the surrounding countryside .
in 2002 it was discovered that the abutment on which the tower stands was not a solid structure but contained 12 vaulted chambers up to 35 feet high , linked by shafts and tunnels .
roller-mounted ` saddles ' at the top of each tower allow movement of the chains when loads pass over the bridge .
though their total travel is minuscule , their ability to absorb forces created by chain deflection prevents damage to both tower and chain .
the view from the very top of the leigh woods tower shows the spectacular scenery around the bridge which brunel described as ` my first child , my darling ' jon rowley was given the rare access to celebrate the 150th anniversary of the bridge , which was marked with a fireworks display on december 8 .
david anderson , bridge master of brunel 's clifton suspension bridge , looks out across the bridge from the top of the leigh woods tower .
the view from the south side of brunel 's clifton suspension bridge from the leigh woods tower