famed for phenomenal cuisine , majestic rural landscapes and vibrant cities , vietnam offers an undisputed sensory overload .
but there 's one sight the becomes most engrained in the memories of even the most seasoned traveller - the wacky things people carry on the back of a motorbike or scooter .
lee thompson 's seen plenty in his 14 years as an award-winning photojournalist covering the civil war in libya , the revolution in egypt , the tsunami in japan and other extensive travels before he co-founded the flash pack , a small group flashpacking tour company .
but even he repeatedly marvels at what the men and women of southeast asia can balance and transport on just a scooter or a beaten up old motorcycle , and on one of his company 's vietnam & cambodia tours with a group of nine this month he was compelled to capture some of the finest .
there 's seemingly no measure to what can be packed onto the back of a bike or scooter in southeast asia .
the flash pack 's lee thompson captured this man with scores of live chickens in weaved baskets this month in sapa , vietnam .
that 's one way to pop a wheelie !
a man pulls a packed trailer from a loading dock at the mekong river crossing in vietnam with a motorbike .
in this series of images from a single 14-day trip , he photographs a man casually puffing on a cigarette and carrying what looks like more than 20 live chickens in woven cages perched on the back of his scooter in sapa , vietnam .
at a mekong river crossing in vietnam he is there to watch a motorcyclist dragging a massive trailer out of a boat loading dock on a bike , with the load so heavy he continuously pops wheelies , all the while not in the slightest bit bothered his two wheels have become one .
thompson enjoys the fact that what looks quirky to a brit is simply every day life for the locals .
in vietnam alone there are more than 37 million motorbikes or scooters , most definitely the vehicle of choice in traffic that would make western country 's peak hours look tame .
` unlike other tour companies we venture in to remote parts of sapa where it 's not