by .
alex ward .
published : .
15:04 est , 29 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
15:04 est , 29 november 2012 .
a convicted killer , who stabbed a man 40 times in a jealous rage , has been given a job at a hospital .
unions have raised concerns over the employment of robert bage at the university hospital of north durham after it was revealed his employers had no idea about his violent past .
bage , originally from the durham area , stabbed andrew stanyer in 1991 after becoming jealous of the man 's relationship with his former partner and was jailed for life .
no idea of conviction : robert bage was jailed for life but after he was released on licence he got a job at the university hospital of north durham -lrb- pictured -rrb- while employers were unaware of his violent past .
following his release from prison on licence he was employed by the county durham and darlington nhs trust hospital in the hospital kitchens , it is believed .
in a statement from balfour beatty workplace -lrb- bbw -rrb- , the trust 's private finance initiative partner , said that bage worked in a ` non-patient facing role ' but that they were not made aware of his previous convictions during the employment process .
the statement read : ` once this matter was brought to the attention of bbw , the employee was suspended and an investigation commenced immediately .
` mr bage no longer works with bbw .
' it is believed that he has not worked at the hospital for at least two months .
public service trade union unison plan to hold talks with staff at the hospital after details of bage 's employment emerged .
frenzied attack : bage hid in his former partner 's loft in stoke -lrb- pictured -rrb- before stabbing andrew stanyer 40 times with a kitchen knife .
sheila wilson , a regional organiser for unison , said : ` we are extremely concerned that the recruitment process has allowed this to happen .
' bage hid in the loft of his former partner 's home in stoke , staffordshire before stabbing mr stanyer in a frenzied attack , starting when his victim was asleep .
bage was due to be released on licence in march 2005 and