admission : clive goodman -lrb- pictured today -rrb- said he had hacked the royals while working at the tabloid .
disgraced former royal reporter clive .
goodman hacked kate middleton 's phones 155 times in eight months , he .
admitted for the first time yesterday .
the former news of the world royal .
editor hacked miss middleton -- now the duchess of cambridge -- on an .
almost daily basis , including on christmas day .
he also frequently intercepted the voicemails of princes william and harry .
goodman , who was jailed for hacking .
mobiles belonging to royal aides in 2007 , said he had not previously .
told police or prosecutors about the true extent of his hacking because .
he was never asked about it .
the 56-year-old told the phone hacking .
trial he targeted the young royals in 2005 and 2006 and continued to .
hack miss middleton until the day before his arrest in august 2006 .
he hacked prince william 35 times and .
prince harry nine times and also targeted royal aides , including the .
duchess of york 's press aide kate waddington and prince charles 's former .
valet michael fawcett .
he insisted he would have told police about the full extent of the hacking operation if he had been asked .
goodman , a married father of one , was .
jailed for four months in 2007 after he admitted his part in hacking .
william and harry 's pa helen asprey , their private secretary jamie .
lowther - pinkerton and their press aide paddy harverson .
private detective glenn mulcaire was jailed for six months .
goodman said the editor of the news of .
the world at the time , andy coulson , knew about the hacking and .
sanctioned # 500-a-week payments to mulcaire to target the royals .
timothy langdale qc , for coulson , .
confronted goodman with phone data which showed he had personally hacked .
william , kate and harry .
goodman said : ` i am not on trial for .
phone hacking .
i completely agree i hacked these people 's phones .
allegations : kate middleton and prince william on the day of their graduation at st andrew 's university in june 2005 .
the duchess was said in court to have been first