andy coulson , who is being investigated over whether he had hidden assets as crown prosecutors try to recoup # 750,000 .
disgraced tory spin doctor andy coulson is being investigated over whether he has hidden assets as crown prosecutors try to recoup # 750,000 in costs from him .
the 46-year-old , jailed for 18 months for phone hacking , must account for millions of pounds received after he quit as news of the world editor in 2007 .
prosecutor andrew edis qc said : ` a lot of money passed through mr coulson 's hands and there does n't seem to be very much left .
we want to investigate where the money has gone .
' coulson received a # 600,000 settlement when he resigned as editor of the news of the world and was recruited by the tories months later as director of communications on # 475,000 a year , which fell to # 180,000 when he moved to no10 in 2010 .
the married father-of-three resigned as mr cameron 's spin doctor in january 2011 and set up a pr consultancy with his wife eloise but has not worked full-time since he was charged with phone hacking in 2012 .
his legal costs in the trial were covered by his former employers at news international , the publishers of the news of the world , after he took the firm to the high court to force them to pay .
it is not clear if the rupert murdoch newspaper empire will also cover his share of the cps costs .
if it does not the court will assess coulson 's own assets .
his assets include his family home in preston , kent , which he shares with his wife and three young sons , although it would be unusual for a family home to be seized to cover cps costs .
the couple sold their # 1.5 million five-bedroom victorian home in forest hill , south london , after he was charged and downsized to a # 600,000 house near canterbury .
mr edis said the prosecution would investigate if other assets had been hidden .
he told the old bailey : ` in a situation such as this , where someone anticipates they might be convicted having been charged in 2012 , it is not at all uncommon for transfers of money to