by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
12:25 est , 30 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:04 est , 30 september 2013 .
members of a high school marching band in texas experienced a rather unfortunate , but extremely funny , pile-up during a recent performance .
the six sousaphone players from lake travis high school in austin were walking backwards while playing at the same time when one of them tripped over his own feet and fell .
before : the band is playing to their heart 's content , until ... one man down !
: the second-to-last sousaphone player trips over his own feet as they are walking backwards .
whoops : the next player goes down .
third domino : and then another trips over the first two who are on the ground .
all six : one by one they trip over each other .
and they all fall down : six players and their brass instruments on the ground .
scramble : they quickly grab their instruments and compose themselves before running back into the line .
wait for me !
: one player is seen running off quickly to join the others .
because they could n't see where they were going , five other sousaphone players tripped over him and each other like domino pieces .
and down they went , ending up in one giant heap of brass instruments and band uniforms .
no one was hurt in the incident , and they are seen jumping up and running back into formation within seconds .
the six were part of the lake travis cavalier band , which performs at all the school 's football games and other events .
the sousaphone is a brass instrument related to the tuba and helicon .
home of the cavaliers : the band is part of the lake travis high school in austin , texas .
the band : ` we represent lake travis high school with pride , dignity , and professionalism , ' according to their homepage .
the band prides itself with being ` a group of student musicians with the highest standards of performance and behaviour ' , according to its website .
` we represent lake travis high school with pride , dignity , and professionalism .
' in 2012 , the lake travis cavalier