by .
damien gayle .
cameroon 's football federation is to investigate claims players in its national team conspired to deliberately lose their world cup games in brazil .
despite fielding a team of world-class footballers , the indomitable lions failed to win a single one of their group a matches .
their failures included a humiliating 4-0 loss to croatia .
the investigation comes after a report in der spiegel in which convicted fraudster wilson raj perumal accurately forecast that loss and that a player would be sent off during the match .
scroll down to watch cameroon 's eto'o open the scoring in world cup warm-up .
firing line : the cameroon federation will investigate claims of match-fixing among their squad .
pointless : the african side finished bottom of group a having lost all three games .
midfielder alex song - who plays for .
spanish team barcelona - was sent off before halftime for an elbow in .
the back of croatia 's mario mandzukic , leaving his side a man down for .
most of the game .
the fédération camerounaise de .
football -lrb- fecafoot -rrb- says it has instructed its ethics committee to probe .
allegations of what it described as ` fraud ' in their three games in .
brazil .
the fecafoot statement read : ` recent .
allegations of fraud around cameroon 2014 fifa world cup three .
preliminary games , especially cameroon vs. croatia , as well of the .
`` existence of seven bad apples -lsb- in our national team -rsb- '' do not reflect .
the values and principles promoted by our administration , in line with .
fifa code of conduct and the ethics of our nation .
` we .
wish to inform the general public that , though not yet contacted by .
fifa in regards to this affair , our administration has already .
instructed its ethics committee , to further investigate these .
accusations .
` we are strongly committed to employ all means necessary to resolve this disruptive matter in the shortest delays .
` in .
the meantime we legitimately request that any related information , .
unless brought before our federation and/or its ethics committee , be .
held for or treated as mere assumption .
` we .
wish to reinstate that in fifty-five -lrb- 55 -rrb- years