by .
peter allen .
published : .
05:59 est , 13 march 2012 .
| .
updated : .
07:45 est , 13 march 2012 .
nicolas sarkozy lashed out at a journalist on live television after she raised allegations about him receiving # 42million from colonel gaddafi .
the french president accused laurent ferrari of acting like a ` spokeswoman for gaddafi 's son ' after she raised the matter at the beginning of a question-and-answer programme .
mr sarkozy added : ` it 's grotesque and i am sorry that i am being interrogated about declarations of gaddafi or his son on an important channel like tf1 .
' clash : nicolas sarkozy -lrb- left -rrb- accused laurent ferrari -lrb- right -rrb- of acting like a ` spokeswoman for gaddafi 's son ' after she raised allegations about him receiving # 42million from the former libyan dictator .
anger : nicolas sarkozy -lrb- left -rrb- lashed out at a journalist on live television after she raised allegations about him receiving # 42million from colonel gaddafi -lrb- right -rrb- .
but mr sarkozy , who is standing for re-election in two months ' time , failed to address the contents of a leaked governmental note which suggests his 2007 campaign was funded by the libyan dictator .
` if he had financed it , then i have n't been very grateful , ' said mr sarkozy , who was once a close ally of gaddafi until launching french jets and missiles to support the revolt which led to his murder last year .
a year ago , gaddafi 's son , saif al-islam gaddafi , called mr sarkozy a ` clown ' and said he should ` pay back ' the money he taken from the libyan people ' .
attacking ms ferrari last night , mr sarkozy said : ' i am sorry for you that you are the spokeswoman for gaddafi 's son .
bitter : nicolas sarkozy said the questioning was ` grotesque ' was ` sorry ' he was being interrogated about declarations of gaddafi or his son on an important channel like tf1 .
close : extraordinary evidence made public in paris is said to prove that the two former close allies had an illegal financial arrangement which propelled mr sarkozy to power in 2007 .
` gaddafi , who is known for