hundreds of parents have been forced to miss work to look after their children after a flagship academy school announced it would be closing for three days because so many of its teachers are off sick .
st aldhelm 's academy , in poole , dorset , closed with just a few hours ' notice on thursday because nine members of staff -- which equates to a quarter of the teaching staff -- called in sick .
most of the absent teachers have been affected by ` winter viruses ' while ` one or two ' are suffering from stress , the school said .
it added that it would not open until wednesday at the earliest - meaning it will be closed for at least three school days .
st aldhelm 's academy , in poole , dorset -lrb- pictured -rrb- , closed with just a few hours ' notice on thursday because nine members of staff called in sick .
the school has said it will not re-open until wednesday at the earliest .
the school , which last year lost # 1.1 million after falling for a simple email scam , closed to all but its year 11 and sixth form pupils because of the shortages , forcing disgruntled parents to arrange last-minute childcare .
a text message was sent to parents at 9.45 pm last thursday warning them of the following day 's closure .
yesterday , parents were told the school - which caters for 469 pupils aged 11 to 19 - would not reopen to students until wednesday at the earliest .
it also emerged that several year 11 students who did turn up on friday were sent home because they were n't wearing school uniform .
a spokesman for school sponsor the diocese of salisbury said it had taken the decision to shut the school after ` exhausting all other options ' .
the spokesman added that the diocese of salisbury was merely an interim sponsor of the school until a new , permanent sponsor came forward .
he said : ` at present , nine staff are absent due to illness .
we are working hard , with the support of the department for education to recruit supply teachers to ensure the school reopens fully .
` our primary concern has always been the welfare and attainment of students at the academy