by .
associated press .
and alex greig .
the fashion house valentino has apologized for touting in an email blast to journalists that one of their pricey bags was carried by amy adams as she stepped from a car at the wake of philip seymour hoffman .
much was made of the promotional email sent friday , complete with two photos of adams outside the thursday wake .
valentino said in a statement that quickly followed that the company did n't realize the photos were snapped at the sad gathering of loved ones for hoffman , who was found dead february 2 of an apparent heroin overdose in his apartment .
solemn occasion : amy adams , her valentino bag and her husband darren le gallo attend the wake for philip seymour hoffman in manhattan friday .
we sincerely regret releasing a photo to the media ... of amy adams with a valentino bag .
we were not aware the photograph was taken while she was attending the wake of philip seymour hoffman .
it was an innocent mistake and we apologize to ms. adams who was not aware , or a part of , our pr efforts , ' said the regretful statement signed by mona swanson , vice president of communications for valentino usa .
the new york post splashed the valentino-toting actress all over its front page saturday with the headline ` dead carpet ' after putting up the gaffe online , apparently prompting the apology .
the daily news included the image of adams with the red , $ 2,500 bag in a two-page spread inside the paper.both hoffman 's wake and his funeral the next day were attended .
by numerous celebrities , adams included .
a .
pr representative for valentino issued a press release crowing over .
a-list actress amy adams carrying a bag made by the designer label while .
attending the wake .
friends and colleagues ; adams pictured with the late philip seymour hoffman at the premiere of their film doubt in 2008 .
the .
valentino public relations executive upasna khosla emailed out a press .
release that read : ` we are pleased to announce amy adams carrying the .
valentino garavani rockstud duble bag from the spring/summer 2014 .
collection on feb. 6 in new york .
' it was accompanied by two pictures of a