by .
sam adams .
published : .
08:41 est , 19 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:43 est , 19 april 2013 .
a major us air show has canceled plans to stage a re-enactment of the world war ii atomic bomb attack on hiroshima following complaints that it was ` inappropriate .
' dayton air show in ohio has featured a re-enactment of the bombing of the japanese city - in august 1945 - for more than 30 years .
spokeswoman brenda kerfoot said a planned ` great wall of fire ' pyrotechnic show will still go ahead - but will not be used to represent the bombing after critics said it was inappropriate for a family event .
grounded : the annual dayton air show -lrb- pictured -rrb- has canceled plans to stage a re-enactment of the atomic bomb attack on hiroshima after critics said it was inappropriate .
history : a b-29 bomber has been used annually to represent the ` enola gay ' that dropped the first nuclear bomb on the city of hiroshima in august 1945 -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
ms kerfoot said the show at dayton international airport in june , will not now feature a b-29 bomber - used .
to represent the enola gay which dropped the bomb on hiroshima .
the b-29 plane ` fifi , ' will remain in the show but in a separate role , she said .
air show officials said the re-enactment was meant to highlight an historic event that helped end the war and save lives that would have been lost if it had been prolonged .
` we 've taken it as more of an educational show , ' ms kerfoot said .
` the wording that we used probably was n't the best .
' terrifying : a mushroom cloud shoots 20,000 ft above hiroshima after the atomic bomb was dropped on the japanese city .
she said organisers did not want the hiroshima aspect to ` become a distraction to the overall quality of the show .
' the .
dayton daily news reported earlier that art curator gabriela pickett .
started an online petition to object to the ` glamorization of .
destruction .
' ` i 'm very pleased to hear that they .
are going to have two different events , and not the