by .
martyn ziegler , press association .
published : .
08:52 est , 14 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
09:49 est , 14 december 2012 .
the professional footballers ' association have slated the ` inadequate ' fine imposed by uefa on serbia for racist abuse and violence towards england under 21 players .
uefa 's independent control and disciplinary panel fined the serbian fa just # 65,000 - a remarkable # 15,000 less than denmark striker nicklas bendtner was forced to pay for showing branded boxers as part of a goal celebration - for their part in the ugly post-match scenes .
in a statement issued today , the pfa said they were looking to uefa to send a strong message to the football community that racism would not be tolerated in the game , but were left disappointed by the sanctions .
abuse : danny rose claimed to have been subjected to monkey chants .
anger : rose reacts to the racist taunts .
the statement said : ` the pfa has .
expressed its dismay at the totally inadequate fine levied by uefa .
against the serbian fa after the disgraceful scenes of racism and .
violence during the recent under 21 match with england .
` everybody has been looking to the .
confederation to send out a strong message as a deterrent to ensure that .
behaviour such as this is eradicated from our game .
unfortunately once .
more a disappointing penalty has been imposed .
' chief executive gordon taylor was .
outraged by the perceived leniency of the panel 's decision , and expressed his disappointment that england .
players tom ince and steven caulker were banned for their part .
caulker was banned for two games , and ince is set to miss one match through suspension .
he said : ` this is a totally inadequate fine which sends a very poor message out .
to the football world .
i intend to write to michel platini expressing .
our dissatisfaction and calling for stronger action .
in addition , we .
will strongly support the fa in their appeal against the decision to .
charge steven caulker and thomas ince .
platini is considering an appeal to increase the one-match spectator ban and 80,000 euro fine imposed on serbia .
too lenient ?
michel platini