by .
damien gayle .
last updated at 4:56 pm on 31st january 2012 .
a knife-wielding burglar was brought to justice after he was apprehended by a naked soldier whose door he had smashed in during a riad .
aaron brannan already had 19 previous convictions for 28 offences when , with two others , he smashed into the salford home of lance corporal wayne o'mahoney .
he was sent to a young offenders ' institution for five years at manchester crown court yesterday after pleading guilty to one count of aggravated burglary .
naked justice : lance corporal wayne o'mahoney is captured on cctv tackling aaron brannan as the knife-wielding burglar tries to steal his girlfriend 's car .
but the cocky thug gave a thumbs-up gesture to judge andrew blake as he was led from the dock .
lance corporal o'mahoney last night slammed the sentence as a joke .
the soldier , who has served in iraq with the 103 regiment royal artillery , said : ` he smashed into my home at 6am in the morning then threatened me with a knife , causing untold damage .
` he will be laughing in the court 's face with this sentence - and laughing in the face of justice .
to me , the sentence is a joke .
` he has made people 's lives a misery and he will only serve half of that sentence .
i am really angry .
in my eyes , he is laughing at the law .
' the court heard how the soldier , 42 , .
was woken by noises in the early hours and leapt out of bed to come .
face-to-face with brannan at the foot of his stairs .
brannan and his accomplices had smashed their way through his front door .
fully clothed : lance corporal o'mahoney pictured outside his home in salford , in greater manchester .
but lance corporal o'mahoney fearlessly grabbed a metal bar from a tool box and , with no clothes on , chased the raiders outside .
brannan , 20 , from higher broughton , greater manchester , then jumped into lance corporal o'mahoney 's girlfriend 's brand new # 20,000 seat leon after he snatched the keys .
undeterred , lance corporal o'mahoney smashed the driver 's side window with the bar then reached inside to