by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
18:39 est , 12 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
07:49 est , 13 june 2012 .
casey anthony has broken her almost year-long silence to conduct the first interview since her acquittal in july last year for the murder of her two-year-old daughter caylee by declaring that ' i did n't kill my daughter ... but i 'm ashamed of the person that i was .
' talking to cnn 's piers morgan before he spoke to her attorney j. cheney mason on his ` piers morgan tonight ' show , the most reviled mother in america denied murdering her child and acknowledged that , ` the public perception of me is bad , absolutely horrible .
' reading aloud the transcripts of his ` world exclusive ' chat with hated anthony , morgan revealed that the 26-year-old denies reports she has put on massive amounts of weight and refuted any suggestions she was moving to costa rica .
scroll down for video .
piers morgan talks to casey anthony 's attorney , j. cheney mason after he conducted his exclusive telephone interview with her .
casey anthony 's last public appearance was in october in a youtube diary she posted online .
she spoke today to cnn 's piers morgan .
' i do not weigh 500 pounds and i am not moving to costa rica , ' said anthony to morgan in a telephone conversation that mason was present for prior to his appearance on cnn .
` it 's doubtful she weighs 120 pounds , ' said mason .
telling morgan that she was ` not a party girl ' and that she had , ` never done drugs apart from marijuana in my early 20 's , ' anthony was keen to set the record straight .
telling morgan that she ` had gone through hell ' since her july 2011 acquittal , the 26-year-old impressed the cnn host with what he called her new-found maturity .
` obviously , i did n't kill my daughter .
if anything in this world i was .
more proud of was my daughter .
she was my greatest accomplishment .
i .
did n't kill my girl , ' explained anthony to morgan .
j. cheney mason told piers morgan that casey anthony has led a