arsene wenger praised olivier giroud for his match-winning performance as the france striker 's brace was enough to beat middlesbrough in their fa cup fifth-round meeting .
giroud , who missed almost three months of the season after breaking his leg in august , reached double figures for the campaign as he struck twice in two first-half minutes as the reigning fa cup holders eased into the last eight .
the 28-year-old remains an important part of wenger 's side despite the summer acquistions of danny welbeck and alexis sanchez - who started either side of giroud in a strong arsenal side - and the gunners boss feels his compatriot is now a much more rounded player than the one he signed from montpellier in 2012 .
arsene wenger -lrb- left -rrb- has described oliver giroud as a ` top level footballer ' after his two goals in the fa cup .
the frenchman -lrb- centre -rrb- scores his second goal with a neat finish at the near post .
` we controlled the game from the first to the last minute , ' wenger said .
` they had one chance at the end from a header , but overall i 'm pleased with the way we attacked , the way we defended and with the way we played together with a good focus for 90 minutes .
that 's basically it .
' i believe that he -lrb- giroud -rrb- is a different player today than the guy who arrived here .
he understands what top-level football demands , works with a great concentration in training and he has improved tremendously on his mobility , his technical quality and of course his body is very strong .
he uses it very well .
' giroud celebrates after scoring his second goal during arsenal 's 2-0 fa cup win over middlesbrough .
giroud put the game beyond doubt as he thrashed home sanchez 's corner with a well-taken first-time finish but it was his first strike , just two minutes earlier , which lit up the emirates on what was a run-of-the-mill afternoon for the home side .
all 11 players touched the ball as santi cazorla , captain for the day , threaded a pass to kieran gibbs to cross low for giroud to finish and wenger was left purring at the accomplished move .
` the first