by .
mark duell .
published : .
06:46 est , 30 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:57 est , 30 september 2013 .
` unfair ' : john mccririck and his wife jenny arriving at the london central employment office today .
racing pundit john mccririck insisted today that he had played the part of a ` pantomime villain ' and claimed he had never been ordered to tone down his on-screen style .
speaking on the first day of his employment tribunal against channel 4 , the 73-year-old said he had lost his job purely based on his age , claiming : ` there 's nobody better around .
' mr mccririck is taking former employer channel 4 and tv production company img media limited to the tribunal , alleging that his sacking last year was motivated by age discrimination .
the case , in central london , started today but was adjourned until tomorrow while its panel of judges reads witness statements and watches clips of mr mccririck 's television appearances , including racing coverage and reality tv shows celebrity big brother and celebrity wife swap .
mr mccririck - known for his bling jewellery , sideburns and deerstalker hat - was dropped when the station unveiled a new presenting team headed by clare balding .
he later announced his plans to sue channel 4 for # 3million , claiming the broadcaster had axed him because he was too old .
speaking after this morning 's brief hearing , the 73-year-old , who was accompanied by wife jenny , said his apparent sexism was part of a pantomime role he claimed he had been encouraged to continue , especially including his appearance in reality tv shows .
speaking to reporters : mr mccririck arriving at the london employment tribunal as he takes channel 4 to court .
unhappy : mr mccririck is taking former employer channel 4 and tv production company img media limited to the tribunal , alleging that his sacking last year was motivated by age discrimination .
` all the big brothers etc , it 's a pantomime , ' he said .
` because captain hook is horrible to peter pan and kids in peter pan , it does n't mean the actor playing him goes around abusing kids in the street .
` all this is a pantomime villain