by .
lydia warren .
published : .
07:27 est , 31 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:19 est , 31 october 2013 .
matt lauer stole the show dressed as baywatch 's pamela anderson this morning - ensuring that the today show came out on top as the networks battled for the best halloween costumes .
his hilarious costume - complete with her iconic red swimsuit and flowing blonde mane - came in stark contrast to george stephanopoulos ' full astronaut gear from ` gravity ' on good morning america .
while gma opted for an awards-style show with the hosts dressed as celebrities , today chose tv characters from classic 80s shows , including the flinstones and the a-team .
the energetic performances come as the today show struggles to knock gma off the top ratings spot - but this morning 's efforts proved they were the real winners , ratings or not .
in the spirit : today show host matt lauer dressed up as c.j. parker , who was played by pamela anderson in baywatch , as he took part in the nbc morning show 's halloween special on thursday .
hilarious : as well as trying to recreate anderson 's famous curves , lauer wore a face full of makeup .
among the hilarious incarnations on .
today were willie geist as a hairy-chested david hasselhoff , al roker as .
mr t and savannah guthrie and natalie morales as laverne & shirley .
but most eye-catching was matt lauer , .
who appeared as the voluptuous baywatch character with a face full of .
make-up , the skimpy swimsuit and an attempt at recreating the tv star 's .
famous curves .
in a .
stunning entrance as the crowd whooped with joy , he burst through a .
screen and ran onto the set in slow motion - in a nod to the classic tv .
show 's opening credits .
` it 's distractingly strange , ' carson daly said , adding of his chest : ` they 're so alarmingly real on you .
' fellow .
nbc host willie geist took on the role of a bare-chested david .
hasselhoff character and they were joined by former baywatch star carmen .
electra , who was on the show between 1997 and 1998 .
in action : he