by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
01:53 est , 22 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
02:09 est , 23 december 2012 .
a former texas high school teacher and tennis coach allegedly had sex with a student in the back seat of his car , according to arrest records .
taylor lee mcclain , 43 , of kingwood , was arrested and also also charged with two counts of possession of child pornography , authorities said .
the sexual assault occurred october 20 , as mcclain and two girls , ages 15 and 16 , were driving from a fundraiser to a nearby ` haunted house , ' according to court documents .
on the hot seat : taylor lee mcclain , 43 , a former texas high school teacher and tennis coach allegedly had sex with a student in the back seat of his car , according to arrest records .
the two girls are students at atascocita high school in texas , where mccain used to work , the houston chronicle reports .
the younger girl told investigators that during the drive , mcclain and the other girl were drinking smirnoff ice vodka .
according to the arrest warrant , the witness , who was in the back seat of the car , said she saw the other girl perform oral sex on mcclain .
as the three were leaving the haunted house , the younger of the two girls said she got a text message from the other girl asking if she wanted to join a sexual threesome with her and mcclain .
the younger girl replied no , according to records .
underage : the unnamed 16-year-old girl is a student at atascocita high school in texas , where mccain used to work .
on the way back from the haunted house , mcclain stopped the car at the entrance at west lake houston parkway and aerobic drive , records state .
he and the 16-year-old girl got into the back seat and asked the younger girl to drive .
while the witness drove around the neighborhood , she said she could hear mcclain and the girl having sex in the back seat , according to records .
the younger girl reportedly asked mcclain to adjust the steering wheel to make it easier for her to drive .
he replied