by .
gerard couzens .
hotels in the notorious party resort of magaluf are set out to kick out a record number of yob british holidaymakers this year .
nearly 100 troublemakers have been asked to leave already this year for smashing up their hotel rooms , fighting with others guests or assaulting staff .
and hotel bosses are promising to get even tougher with unruly tourists after the rowdy majorcan resort made headlines around the world over a video of a british teenager performing multiple sex acts in a bar for free booze .
more than 100 tourists have already been kicked out of their magaluf hotels for trashing their rooms or fighting .
a local hotel association says a staggering 92 of the 107 people members have kicked out so far this year were british .
the other 15 were irish .
the shocking figures put magaluf on course to break its record of expulsions , 254 last year and up from 147 in 2012 and 166 in 2011 .
the vast majority of those asked to leave in previous years , like this year , were british .
and around 35 per cent of the area 's hotels do not belong to the association which released the figures yesterday , meaning the real number is likely to be slightly higher .
joan espina , vice president of the palmanova-magaluf hotel assocation , which covers the two sister resorts , said : ` the vast majority of the expulsions are down to three reasons .
a magaluf hotel association claims a staggering 92 of the 107 people kicked out so far this year were british .
the first is guests damaging hotel furniture , kicking doors down , smashing mirrors and even throwing tvs out of their rooms .
` the others are fights with other guests and verbal and physical attacks on hotel staff .
` the vast majority are always british men , aged between 18 and 25 .
tourists pictured on the punta ballena strip in magaluf after a night out on the town .
` we want young people who come to enjoy themselves but within a context of respect towards other guests .
` we wo n't tolerate people whose fun comes from antisocial behaviour which causes others to suffer .
` it 's got to be fun within certain limits .
`