by .
katy winter .
they are rather new to the game , but the parenting styles of the duke and duchess of cambridge are already attracting attention .
william and kate first broke with royal tradition by not hiring a full time nanny to help with child care , then william chose to drive his son home from the hospital rather than rely on a family chauffeur , and now in his first interview since the birth of george prince william has admitted he wants to be a hands on father .
william 's admission indicates that he may already be favouring ` terrier ' tactics , one of three behavioural types identified by new reseach .
the duke and duchess of cambridge look to be planning to be hands on parents to baby prince george .
will william be a ` terrier ' dad - closely involved with his son and joining in his games and activities ?
childcare expert , denise robertson , reveals there are three main types of parent , which can each be represented by an animal ; terrier , lion and penguin .
` terrier ' parents , which wills and kate seem to be lining up to be , want to be highly involved in their child 's life .
a quarter of parents polled in the research -lrb- 24 per cent -rrb- want to squeeze in as much time with their children as they can and try to get involved as much as possible .
terrier fathers are seen as big kids with 30 per cent of terriers getting involved with everything their child does and 26 per cent take up a hobby just because their child likes it .
william may try and recreate his happy early childhood within the walls of the royal palaces with his son , as almost a third of fathers -lrb- 30 per cent -rrb- report playing the same games as they did as a child because they want their child to have the same upbringing .
for some mothers and fathers getting involved in their child 's life is as much because they want to keep them entertained as for the benefits of hands on parenting -- almost half of parents -lrb- 45 per cent -rrb- worry their child will be bored during the holidays .
william -lrb- seen here with diana and harry