by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
published : .
10:57 est , 22 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:20 est , 29 may 2013 .
rules forcing descendants of george ii to ask the monarch for permission to tie the knot are to be torn up .
david cameron and boris johnson are among those related to the former king whose weddings are technically ` void ' if they failed to ask buckingham palace if they could tie the knot .
deputy pm nick clegg said the 240-year-old law was ` unworkable ' as he set out plans to shake-up rules governing succession to the throne .
but he was accused of opening a ` royal pandora 's box ' .
relative values : london mayor boris johnson and pm david cameron are both descendants of george ii who needed to ask the monarch for permission to tie the knot .
legislation will end discrimination against future female royals so that men will no longer take precedence over women in the order of succession .
it will also end the bar on heirs marrying roman catholics if they want to keep their entitlement to the throne .
under the 1772 royal marriages act any descendent of george ii must seek the reigning monarch 's consent before marrying -- without which their marriage is void , mr clegg told the commons .
` this law -- passed 240 years ago -- is clearly now unworkable : george ii 's descendants number in their hundreds ; many will be unaware of this arcane requirement ; many will have only a tenuous link to the royal family .
' among those descendants are the prime minister and the london mayor .
under the 1772 royal marriages act , descendants of king george ii could not marry without the agreement of the crown .
george ii was mr cameron 's great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great grandfather .
however it is thought that because the pm is a descendent of an illegitimate daughter of william iv , who was george ii 's grandson , his claim to the throne is invalid and he may not have needed to seek permission to marry .
mr .
johnson is a descendant of adelheid , baroness de pfeffel the .
illegitimate daughter of prince paul of württemberg whose great-great .
grandfather was george ii .
the