by .
catherine eade .
published : .
09:26 est , 17 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
14:43 est , 17 september 2012 .
peeping tom : declan crosbie was given a community order after he pleaded guilty to attempting to spy on the chinese olympic swimming team in a women 's changing room .
a peeping tom was spared jail by a lenient judge today after being caught trying to spy on members of the chinese olympic swimming team at a training pool .
declan crosbie , 25 , was caught peering over the top of cubicles as members of the team were getting changed at a sports centre in leeds .
but a judge at leeds crown court said he thought the public would be better protected from crosbie by a community order rather than sending him to prison because it would guarantee he would go on a sex offenders ' treatment programme .
a previous hearing heard how a woman reported seeing crosbie enter the changing room alongside members of the chinese team , who were training at the pool ahead of the london 2012 olympics .
she made made a complaint after spotting him looking over the top of cubicles while they were changing .
when staff at the centre went to find the 25-year-old , he hid in a cubicle and tried to answer them in a woman 's voice .
he then came out and begged staff not to call the police before running away .
crosbie , from lea farm place , leeds , later handed himself in to police and pleaded guilty last month to trespass with intent to commit a sexual offence .
the defendant was jailed for three years .
in 2009 after trespassing in a private home and he was found standing .
over a sleeping student , whose trousers had been pulled down .
he also has convictions for voyeurism in 2005 and 2006 .
the court was told crosbie was already on the sex offenders ' register .
the edge training facility at leeds university was being used for training by the chinese olympic swimming team , but declan crosbie was trying to spy on them getting changed .
today , the recorder of leeds , judge .
peter collier qc , said the 2009 jail sentence was passed in the hope .
crosbie