the son of a north korean aide linked to kim jong-un 's executed uncle is believed to be on the run in france after evading abduction by agents of the communist regime .
according to diplomatic sources , the man - identified only by his surname han - has escaped detection amid fears he may be forcibly taken back to the secretive nation to be executed .
the architecture student has ties to kim jong-un 's uncle , jang song-thaek , the regime 's former second in command who was executed for treason in december 2013 .
scroll down for video .
the student disappeared after his father was executed by the regime led by kim-jong-un -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
he disappeared last month while studying at paris ' prestigious ecole nationale superieure d'architecture de paris-la villette and speculation was rife as to whether the student had been captured or was hiding out in france .
but now a diplomatic source has revealed that despite attempts to force han to return to north korea , the student has evaded capture as is ` somewhere in france ' , the telegraph reported .
park sung-jin , paris correspondent for yonhap , south korea 's biggest news agency which broke the story , told the newspaper : ` since the 1980s , when the regime changes and someone is executed and his relatives and friends and family are studying abroad , they are brought home .
` if han returned he would likely be kept in a political prison or executed .
that has happened many times .
he knew what was awaiting him , so he escaped .
' han disappeared last month while studying at the prestigious ecole nationale superieure d'architecture de paris-la villette -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
there are fears that the student may be forcibly taken back to the north korea to be executed -lrb- pictured , kim jong-un during a ceremony for officials and personnel in the fishery field of the korean people 's army -rrb- .
han is the son of one of jang song-thaek 's closest aides .
his father is known to have been ` purged ' recently as kim attempts to reassert his authority after disappearing himself this summer .
the student had been enrolled at the french school since 2011 along with nine other students who were invited to join by the