by .
ellie zolfagharifard .
published : .
09:57 est , 10 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
11:25 est , 10 february 2014 .
this music is guaranteed to send shivers down your spine .
the incredible sounds are the work of ice music , a swedish orchestra from the town of luleå , who have taken the concept of being ` cool ' literally .
that 's because their instruments - including guitars , violins , cellos and even xylophones - are all hand-carved out of ice sheets .
scroll down for video ... swedish musical group ` ice music ' work with instruments made almost entirely out of sheets of ice .
different bands show up to use the icy instruments which were all crafted by ice connoisseur tim leonhard .
mr linhart said he creates the ` icestruments ' by hand before adding strings , fret boards and other parts to his designs .
the songs are performed inside an igloo-like concert hall , which is also covered in ice , and seats around 170 people .
instruments - including guitars , violins -lrb- left -rrb- and cellos -lrb- right -rrb- - are all hand-carved out of ice sheets .
different bands show up to use the icy instruments which were all crafted by ice connoisseur tim leonhard .
all the instruments stay in tune , as long as the temperature stays cold enough .
this is n't the first time someone has tried to make instruments out of ice .
terje isungset from bergen in norway became known as the iceman after he started making music with instruments carved out of blocks of ice drawn from a nearby lake .
his amazing frozen creations include harps , trumpets , horns , guitars , marimbas and even a iceridoo - a frozen version of the australian didgeridoo .
mr isungset claims every instrument he makes has a unique sound and while one ice horn he created was used for 50 performances many only last for a single session .
both the instruments and the concert hall are lit up in colours representing the northern lights .
the video , showing the local band whiteroom covering avicii 's ` hey brother ' , reveals the impressive sound that a few slabs of frozen water and some strings can make .
what 's amazing is that