by .
pamela owen .
published : .
11:04 est , 14 april 2012 .
| .
updated : .
03:35 est , 16 april 2012 .
opposition activists said at least six people were killed in syria on saturday as the un security council voted to send observers into the country .
activists also reported the first shelling , in the city of homs , by forces loyal to president bashar al-assad , since the un-arab league-brokered ceasefire took effect .
the syrian observatory for human rights said four people were killed during a funeral march in aleppo , one by shelling in homs and a sixth succumbed to wounds inflicted by torture in the central town of rastan , straddling the damascus-aleppo road .
scroll down for video .
members of the united nations security counil gather in preparation for a vote to let observers into syria .
a view of building which were allegedly damaged by the syrian army at juret al-shavah in homs .
a view of buildings which were also allegedly damaged by the syrian army .
` ceasefire ' : syrian soldiers patrol after friday prayers in the damascus suburb of kafr betna .
today three people were killed by forces loyal to president assad .
a video , shot in a destroyed part of .
what the cameraman says is the homs neighbourhood of al-qarabis , showed .
two tanks rushing through the streets to the sound of heavy gunfire and .
explosions .
` look with your own eyes .
look , world .
watch what they are doing , ' the man making the video screams as a tank .
raises its turret .
the syrian state news agency sana said .
` armed terrorists ' killed five people in ambushes around the country on .
saturday , and kidnapped a parliamentary candidate from the .
north .
an army colonel was also kidnapped in .
the central city of hama .
` colonel mohammed awad 's car was intercepted .
by a terrorist group and he was kidnapped at gunpoint , ' sana said .
the syrian government repeatedly has .
denied access to journalists , making it impossible to verify the reports .
independently .
russia and china joined the rest of the u.n. security council on saturday to authorize the deployment of up to 30 unarmed observers to