by .
daniel bates .
published : .
14:26 est , 13 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
17:53 est , 13 december 2012 .
the writers behind game change are working on a sequel about mitt romney 's failed bid for the white house - with a film already in the works .
authors mark halperin and john heilemann are writing double down : game change 2012 to dissect what went wrong with the republicans during the election .
it will be published in fall next year with the film coming some time after .
mitt and ann romney : the writers behind game change are working on a sequel about his failed bid for the white house - with a film already in the works .
julianne moore won an emmy for best actress in a mini-series or movie after playing sarah palin in game change .
the book and film will likely make the romney camp squirm as game change made the republican party 's 2008 campaign appear riven with conflict .
it was also harsh on former vice presidential candidate sarah palin and made it seem like she was completely unqualified for the role .
her equivalent in this year 's election was paul ryan who some have claimed hijacked romney 's campaign with his economic ideology .
game change 2012 will also lead to speculation about who will play the main characters .
the original had an impressive cast including julianne moore who won an emmy for best actress in a mini-series or movie for the lead role .
ed harris played republican presidential candidate john mccain whilst woody harrelson was republican strategist steve schmidt .
it is unknown yet who will play republican presidential nominee mitt romney and vice-presidential nominee paul ryan in the forthcoming double down movie .
in total game change won four emmys including the coveted outstanding mini-series or movie .
it was directed by a jay roach-directed and written by danny strong and according to the hollywood reporter , which first reported the news , both are likely to return for the sequel .
whilst the original game change was a hit for hbo , republicans were outraged by it .
palin was deeply unimpressed and sent out her own video response to fans titled ` game change we can believe in ' , a pun on barack