exposed : a devastating report today reveals how mishandling of foreign criminals costs # 1bn a year .
a devastating report today reveals the # 1billion-a-year failure by successive governments to police britain 's borders and deport even the most dangerous foreign criminals .
according to westminster 's spending watchdog , foreign offenders are able to walk into the country unchecked , commit new offences -- then cheat removal on human rights grounds once their jail terms are complete .
incredibly , the home office has lost track of 760 of the 4,200 foreign criminals who had been freed back on to our streets by the end of march 2014 pending their removal .
it includes 58 ` high harm ' individuals , a category that includes rapists , killers and drug dealers .
the ' appalling ' annual cost to the taxpayer of each foreign criminal is # 70,000 -- or a total of between # 770million and # 1.04 billion a year .
the national audit office -lrb- nao -rrb- launched an investigation to find out if improvements had been made since the 2006 foreign prisoner scandal , when 1,000 were released without being considered for deportation .
it found : .
the 48-page report found failings at every stage of the system .
in theory , a foreign criminal who has been sentenced to more than 12 months for a crime in their homeland can be turned away at the border .
yet the home office is relying on a warning index system that is more than a decade out of date , often fails to work properly and is based on ad hoc information sharing agreements with other countries .
attention : hmp canterbury , which holds exclusively foreign nationals .
the report found one in six overseas inmates freed from jail has absconded and 151 inmates were freed without being considered for removal .
in 2006 , the labour government declined to join up to a europe-wide information sharing regime , known as the schengen information system , that would have given access to alerts on known criminals .
it leaves britain as one of only four countries out of 32 in the european economic area that can not access the data .
ministers are now planning to join later this year .
nao officials estimate as many as 1,400 of the 12,250 foreign offenders