brazilian police were on high alert following their country 's humiliating exit from the world cup as they feared angry fans could riot after the defeat .
luiz felipe scolari 's side were thrashed 7-1 in the semi-final by germany in belo horizonte .
and while the wide spread rioting that was feared did not happen , there were some reports of trouble in and around the stadium after the game and in other cities across brazil .
video scroll down to watch distraught brazilians watch on from rio .
violence : the streets were mostly calm after the defeat , but not completely - vandals set a bus on fire in a busy district of sao paulo after the match .
blaze : the bus was left as little more than a burnt-out shell after the 7-1 defeat , which saw dismayed fans howling with despair in the streets .
nothing left : the remains of the bus are left on the street after it was set on fire .
the brazilian cities which played host to fierce protests before the tournament were mostly calm after the match .
although authorities were called to a densely-populated area of sao paulo after supporters reportedly set a bus alight , leaving it as little more than a burnt-out shell .
security was beefed up around the stadium as one fan , samir kelvin , clung to a streetlamp and cried : ' i have nothing left !
i am brazilian and humiliated i want to kill myself .
' a woman shouted ` what shame , what shame !
' as a man nearby banged his head against a bar table .
under control : police officers take actions to keep order after the match in belo horizonte .
keeping control : police officers arrest an overreacting football fan after the game in belo horizonte .
end of the world : brazilian fans react after watching the defeat on a big screen in belo horizonte .
video distraught brazilians watch on from rio .
with brazil dumped out of its own world cup in such rough fashion , ` you are going to have the most depressed country ever , ' fan pablo ramoz said .
brazil spent billions of dollars preparing for the tournament , and the high cost ignited intense anger and protests against the world cup over the