by .
chris greenwood .
published : .
16:53 est , 7 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:44 est , 8 october 2013 .
accused : dr yilkyes bala , 54 , allegedly ran a huge illegal immigration racket in the uk .
a nigerian prince ran a huge illegal immigration racket in the uk , a court was told yesterday .
dr yilkyes bala , 54 , was accused of using a complex web of security companies to mask a ` systematic attack ' on britain 's borders over eight years .
the african royal allegedly used dozens of refugee passports passed to him by a corrupt home office official to give fellow nigerians new identities .
he then employed them and gave them references so they could ` hit the jackpot ' and obtain a national insurance number , giving them full rights of citizenship .
bala even conspired with others to give his second wife and his brother false identities so they could join him at his home in south-east london , the jury heard .
he is on trial with six others -- including his wife and ex-wife .
simon farrell qc , prosecuting , told canterbury crown court the case was a ` systematic attack against our immigration laws which took place over many years ' .
` in various ways all these defendants were involved in assisting individuals who had no right to be in the uk to live and work here , ' he added .
` a corrupt home office official , since convicted of misconduct in a public office , assisted by providing hundreds of improperly issued refugee passports .
' bala referred to himself as ` his royal highness prince yilkyes bala tonglele phd state crown prince ' , the jury heard .
the court was told he runs the armour group of companies , which supplies private security guards .
it is linked to other firms including abc guarding ltd , which became mayfair and knightsbridge guarding ltd in 2006 .
other defendants had senior roles , such as heads of finance and operations .
the african royal is on trial with six others - including his wife and ex-wife - at canterbury crown court -lrb- above -rrb- .
mr .
farrell said they ` must have known that these people -lsb- illegal .
immigrants -rsb-