there may still be 10 games and more than two months to go until the curtain falls on this season 's barclays premier league action .
but , somewhat farcically , voting for the players ' player of the year award , has already begun .
luis suarez , who scored 31 league goals for liverpool last term before his # 75million summer move to barcelona , currently holds the title .
sportsmail 's team of top writers give their verdict on which player they would want to follow in the uruguay international 's footsteps if they were asked to cast their vote today .
ian ladyman .
nemanja matic .
jose mourinho 's current chelsea team is perhaps the most physically imposing he has ever assembled and matic stands out as a giant among men .
a superb reader of the game , matic can pass the ball well , too .
he would get in just about every team in europe and that says it all .
nemanja matic , in action for chelsea against psg earlier this week , has starred for the blues this season .
matt barlow .
harry kane .
chelsea have been the best team with immense consistency from nemanja matic and eden hazard .
but no-one has made a greater individual impact than harry kane .
he 's transformed the mood at white hart lane with his energy and desire , deflected attention from the big-money flops and offered hope for the future as a flag-bearer for the youth system .
not to mention 26 goals , and an anticipated england call-up .
he must finish the season and kick on , but kane seems capable of that .
each time he seems about to fade , he hits back .
harry kane celebrates with his second successive barclays player of the month award on friday .
kane , pictured celebrating against queens park rangers , has scored 26 times for tottenham this season .
lee clayton .
who deserves to be voted player of the year today ?
here 's my answer to the question : no-one .
it 's too early .
it 's a nonsense that the players have to vote so soon and shows why the footballer of the year award , voted by members of the football writers ' association , has more credibility .
i 'll