by .
daily mail reporter .
and associated press .
a man on trial for murdering his wife in their california home wept in court tuesday as prosecutors told jurors they have evidence that proves he beat the muslim woman to death two years ago .
defendant kassim alhimidi wailed during opening statements , prompting a judge to briefly halt the proceedings .
alhimidi is accused of killing his 32-year-old wife shaima alawadi on march 21 , 2012 , in el cajon , a san diego suburb that is home to one of the largest enclaves of iraqi immigrants in the u.s. tears : kassim alhimidi , on trial in el cajon superior court for the 2012 murder of his wife , shaima alawadi , weeps during opening statements in the courtroom of judge william mcgrath tuesday .
no weapon has been found in the brutal slaying but prosecutor kurt mechals claimed that other evidence proves alawadi died at the hands of her spouse .
alhimidi , 49 , has pleaded not guilty in the case that evolved from being a suspected hate crime to one about a family that struggled while trying to straddle two cultures .
mechals told jurors that local and federal police initially investigated the bludgeoning as a hate crime after a note was found near the body that read : ` this is my country , go back to yours , you terrorist .
' however , street camera footage and information from the couple 's eldest daughter about her parents ' troubled marriage led police to charge alhimidi .
lab tests found the note was a photocopy - possibly of a note found outside the family home a week earlier by one of the couple 's five children .
comfort : kassim alhimidi , on trial in el cajon superior court for the 2012 murder of his wife , shaima alawadi , is comforted by one of his lawyers , richard berkon .
killed : alawadi , 32 , was found beaten and unconscious in her san diego home in march 2012 .
detectives also found documents in alawadi 's car indicating she planned to seek a divorce .
alhimidi 's .
daughter , fatima , who was then 17 , is expected to take the stand at the .
trial in san diego county superior court in el cajon .
alawadi , .