by .
annabel grossman .
a valet driver was clocked going 98mph in a mercedes slk minutes after it was dropped off at an airport , and another car hit 88mph in a 50mph zone , according to a damning which ?
report into parking services .
the watchdog fitted gps and speed monitors to luxury cars before leaving them at airports .
meteor meet and greet at stansted , essex , has suspended one of its drivers as a result of the slk probe .
and ipark airport parking at heathrow , where a porsche boxster was driven at 88mph on an a-road , said : ` any negligence in following the company rules will lead to serious consequences .
' with a professional chauffeur collecting your car direct from the terminal , meet-and-greet services seem to offer the perfect solution to the nightmare of airport parking .
but if car owners knew their pride and joy was then going to be driven at speeds of up to 100mph or dumped in the corner of an industrial estate rather than a secure compound , would they be quite so willing to hand over their keys ?
the investigation by consumer watchdog which ?
has found that not all meet-and-greet services live up to the promise of 24-hour security and professional drivers when entrusted with a # 40,000 car .
of the three top-end cars which ?
handed to private meet-and-greet services , one sped off from the terminal at nearly twice the 50mph speed limit , a second clocked 88mph and the third was left on an industrial estate .
nearly one in five of the consumers which ?
interviewed who had used meet-and-greet said they had encountered problems , mostly involving cars returned late .
in response to the concerns , which ?
fitted gps trackers and speed monitors to three luxury cars before leaving them in the care of separate private companies at uk airports for six days .
the investigation came about after nearly one in five consumers industry watchdog which ?
spoke to said they had encountered problems with meet-and-greet services .
meteor meet and greet at stansted airport , pictured , suspended one of its drivers after the investigation .
meteor meet and greet at stansted airport , essex , claims to have ` built our reputation on giving travellers peace of mind ,