the man arrested in pre-dawn raids across sydney in september has been hit with three new terror-related charges .
while the original charge of planning an act of terror against omarjan azari , 22 , still stands , prosecutors on friday conceded the alleged act was not a beheading and was not planned for martin place , the scene of this week 's siege .
azari appeared by video link from silverwater prison after being transported from the supermax jail in goulburn , ahead of a planned bail application .
during friday 's hearing he was charged with three fresh counts - two of knowingly making funds available to a terrorist organisation and one of attempting to make funds available to a terrorist organisation .
scroll down for video .
deep inside supermax : ormarjan azari -lrb- pictured on his way to prison following his arrest on at his parents ' house on september 18 -rrb- is being held in the high risk management correctional centre - australia 's most secure jail - under its strictest inmate classification .
azari has been charged along with a 25-year-old man who was arrested in beecroft in sydney and taken into custody earlier this week .
azari is charged along with ali al-talebi with transferring money to isis via two western sydney money transfer businesses .
police allege that on august 6 , azari and other males went to a travelex store in parramatta westfield shopping centre and deposited $ 3000 , which was to go via pakistan to australian isis recruiter mohammad ali baryalei in syria .
prosecution screw up : prominent sydney barrister , winston terracini sc , -lrb- pictured -rrb- told a sydney court last month that a phone call at the centre of the case against accused terrorist , omarjan azari , had a ` glaring error ' in its translation from arabic to english .
he also said authorities had conspired to deny azari any prison visits by his family .
azari allegedly waited outside the travelex as the other males deposited the money .
the following day , august 7 , azari allegedly transferred $ 3000 , in the company of other males , to syria via pakistan at the western union money transfer shop in auburn in western sydney .
the money was going to baryalei via a man in peshawar called zia abdulhaq , who