tablet users have managed to annoy the world with their photo-taking habits - but this bizarre new trend could put even the most brazen photographer to shame .
a growing number of people are using their tablets in place of mobile phones to make calls , according to a new report .
the research found that an increasing number of people are buying devices with screens measuring 7 inches -lrb- 17.8 cm -rrb- with built-in phone capabilities .
a growing number of people are using large tablets as mobile phones to make calls on the move , according to a new report .
pictured is the huawei mediapad 7 youth tablet .
according to the idc worldwide quarterly tablet tracker report , 13.8 million tablets arrived in asia in the second quarter 2014 .
a phablet is a cross between a phone and tablet .
they typically .
have screens that measure between 5 and 6.9 inches -lrb- 13 to 18cm -rrb- .
tablets are typically larger than smart phones or phablets at 7 inches -lrb- 18 cm -rrb- or larger , measured diagonally .
for .
comparison , and iphone 5s has a 4 inch -lrb- 10cm -rrb- screen .
and around 3.5 million of these tablet had an option of using voice calling capabilities over a network built-in to the device .
all of the call-enabled tablets in the report ran on android , such as samsung 's tab range and the asus fonepad .
the report .
said growth is especially strong in some emerging markets , such as india .
and indonesia , with almost half of tablets in this region having the .
feature built-in .
` this .
shift highlights the sustained interest among consumers , at least in .
emerging markets , to have a single mobile device for all their needs , ' said idc analyst avinash sundaram .
` be .
it watching movies and soap operas , taking pictures , texting or making .
calls , even if the device has a huge 7 inches -lrb- 17.8 cm -rrb- screen on it .
` it also helps that these devices are quite affordable , playing in the entry-to-mainstream price bands in most markets .
' mr .
sundaram expects the trend of android tablets used as a single .
converged mobile device in emerging markets to continue to gain pace