by .
lucy crossley .
published : .
04:49 est , 21 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:41 est , 21 october 2013 .
revellers caught using city centre streets as a public toilet have been ordered by police to pay up - or clean up .
armed with mops , buckets and disinfectant , police took to the manchester streets this weekend to shame drunks who relieved themselves in the street .
drinkers spotted urinating in public were handed a warning letter by officers from greater manchester police , before being given the choice of cleaning up their own mess or running the risk of an on-the-spot fine .
on patrol : revellers caught using manchester city centre as a public toilet have been ordered by police armed with mops and buckets , including police constable dave willetts , to clean up their mess or face a fine .
although revellers can not be fined for simply urinating in the street , gmp said that those who ` kick off ' when challenged may find themselves having to pay up - # 80 for drunk and disorderly or # 50 for being drunk in public .
the patrol - dubbed operation urination - caught four young men between 9pm and midnight .
among them were two football fans who had travelled from ireland to see their beloved manchester united play , only to be caught urinating in an alleyway across from the city 's deansgate locks .
the men , aged 22 and 27 , were on the way to the printworks complex of bars and restaurants , and said they simply could n't wait to use a toilet .
shamed : these two men were spotted by the police patrol , dubbed ` operation urination ' urinating against walls near to deansgate locks , manchester .
tough choice : those caught relieving themselves by the police patrol are handed a letter before being given the option of cleaning up their mess or having to pay a fine .
one , who works as an engineer in ireland , said : ` i 've had about 20 pints today so i was bursting .
i thought it would be easiest just to nip down here , all guys do it .
' however , joan davis , labour councillor for the city centre , who accompanied