the brother of president john f kennedy 's assassin , lee harvey oswald , is suing the funeral home which sold the killer 's coffin for # 55,000 .
robert oswald , 80 , has accused baumgardner funeral home in fort worth , texas , of acting in bad taste for selling the coffin after his body was exhumed as part of a cia conspiracy probe .
two days after president kennedy was gunned down as he rode in an open-topped motorcade , oswald was shot dead by night club owner jack ruby as he walked through dallas police station .
oswald was buried at the shannon rose hill memorial burial park in texas in 1963 , but his body was exhumed 18 years later and examined after mounting speculation about cia involvement .
the coffin of president john f kennedy 's accused assassin , lee harvey oswald , is at the centre of a macabre ownership battle .
two days after president kennedy -lrb- left -rrb- was gunned down as he rode in an open-topped motorcade , oswald was shot dead by night club owner jack ruby as he walked through dallas police station .
robert oswald .
80 , claims he is the rightful owner and said that something so ` disgusting ' should not be sold .
he said he paid a total of # 451 to purchase a casket , vault , suit and flowers for the funeral and thought the coffin had been destroyed years ago .
allen baumgardner , a funeral director who was part of the exhumation , kept the coffin and after failing to sell it on numerous occasions , finally found a buyer in 2010 .
` his motive is to keep items away from the public .
he does not want it out , ' mr oswald 's lawyer , gant grimes , told the independent .
president kennedy was fatally shot by a sniper while traveling with his wife jackie kennedy in dallas .
the simple pine coffin is in poor condition , having suffered water damage and the ravages of time and decay .
` he appreciates there is some historical interest in things such as letters and such because -lsb- oswald -rsb- played a significant role in us history .
but this was the coffin .
he bought it for his brother .
he never thought he