by .
jennifer newton .
nascar racer danica patrick could be set to become america 's first female formula one driver after her boss hinted she would be a ` great candidate ' for his f1 team .
the 32-year-old is the most successful woman in the history of american open-wheel racing and has competed in nascar since 2012 , finishing inside the top ten twice .
motorsport mogul gene haas , for whom miss patrick races for in nascar is preparing to launch a brand new formula one team in time for the 2016 season .
scroll down for video .
danica patrick , who could be set to become america 's first ever female formula one driver .
miss patrick currently competes in nascar since switching to the sport in 2012 and previously competed in indy car .
and in an interview with nbcsn commentator at the canadian grand prix yesterday , mr haas said including her on his team could be a possibility .
he said : ` she 'd bring an awful lot of viewership , i think it 's be great for america .
i think she would be a great candidate .
` whether that 's going to happen or not , i think that 's kind of a long shot there .
' miss patrick , who is originally from beloit , wisconsin became the fourth woman in 2005 to compete in the indy 500 .
danica patrick dressed as a showgirl at the american country awards last year , where she co-host the ceremony .
miss patrick at the 2011 espy awards with justin bieber .
outside of motor racing she is a model and advertising spokeswoman .
she finished fourth , which is the best ever finish for a female competitor and won the accolade of rookie of the year .
she then made history again in 2008 by becoming the first female to win an indy car race and between 2005 and 2011 , she posted another seven top three finishes .
in 2012 she switched to nascar racing but has struggled to break into the top 25 of the championship standings .
outside of the sport , she is a model and advertising spokesman and has even featured in sports illustrated 's swimsuit edition in 2008 .
last year she donned sequin showgirl outfit when she co-hosted the 2013