arsenal will face reading in the semi-finals of the fa cup at wembley following monday night 's 3-0 victory over bradford city .
aston villa , meanwhile , will face either liverpool or championship side blackburn .
hal robson-kanu gave steve clarke 's side an early lead at the madejski stadium before goals from garath mccleary and jamie mackie secure a spot at wembley .
garath mccleary -lrb- left -rrb- celebrates scoring during reading 's 3-0 fa cup quarter-final victory against bradford .
arsenal striker danny welbeck celebrates after scoring against former club man united at old trafford .
fabian delph shoots and scores as aston villa beat midland rivals west brom to reach wembley on saturday .
reading vs arsenal .
aston villa vs blackburn/liverpool .
the games will be played over the weekend of april 18 and 19 .
reading will face the current holders arsenal after their 2-1 victory against manchester united earlier this month .
arsenal went ahead after 25 minutes when nacho monreal beat david de gea after excellent running from alex oxlade-chamberlain .
but the lead last for only 240 seconds as wayne rooney found himself unmarked in the penalty area and heading in angel di maria 's delivery .
danny welbeck then rounded de gea after an underhit backpass from antonio valencia to score the decisive goal .
sportsmail 's oliver holt said following the draw : ` arsenal 's night just got better .
neither reading nor bradford would be a pushover in the semi-finals but arsenal are bound to be confident of going through and taking another giant step towards retaining the fa cup and giving their climb back towards the summit another boost .
' if liverpool can overcome blackburn rovers at ewood park , they will take on tim sherwood 's aston villa at wembley .
the reds have extra motivation to make it to the final this year , as the game would fall on departing captain steven gerrard 's birthday and would be his final game at the club before departing to the united states for la galaxy .
liverpool face a replay away at blackburn after the championship club earned a draw at anfield on sunday .