sterilization , or tube-tying , is on its way to overtake the birth control pill as the most popular form of female contraception .
according to a new report from the centers for disease control and prevention , 62per cent of u.s. women between 15 and 44 use some form of birth control .
among those , 16per cent were on the pill between 2011 and 2013 , and following close behind was the 15.5 per cent of women who chose female sterilization .
on the rise : according to a new report from the centers for disease control and prevention , female sterilization or tube-tying may soon overtake the pill as women 's preferred form of birth control .
sterilization involves surgically or non-surgically blocking or cutting a woman 's fallopian tubes , making her permanently unable to get pregnant .
when a woman undergoes tubal ligation , her tubes are either cut and tied or sealed with an electrical current , clamps or rings .
another option is to put tiny inserts into the tubes , causing tissue to grow around them and block the tubes .
the brand name for this type of sterilization is essure .
since it has a nearly 100per cent success rate , it 's an especially popular option among middle-aged women who have already had as many children as they want .
dr vanessa cullins , vice president of external medical affairs at planned parenthood federation of america , talked to time about the findings .
` consider the fact that the majority of women in this country have had the number of children they want to have by -lsb- their -rsb- mid-20s to 30 , or so , ' she said .
` and they still have the capacity to get pregnant until they are 50 years old .
' unlike methods of birth control that require maintenance , like condoms or the pill , sterilization is seen as the more reliable way to ensure that women do not fall pregnant ever again .
women are also aware that the health risks of pregnancy increase after the age of 30 , causing them to seek out a permanent solution .
the study found the male condoms are the third most popular form of contraceptive , with 9.4 per cent of couples using them during sex .
in last place were long-acting