by .
ian drury .
a family whose lives were put at risk from an armed stalker because of a string of home office blunders are set to receive # 130,000 compensation .
immigration officials failed to act on warnings about convicted criminal al amin dhalla , 44 , which they received months before his campaign of harassment .
his ex-girlfriend 's parents told border staff the canadian-born bank auditor was dangerous and had obtained a british visa under false pretences , but no action was taken .
jilted : dr alison hewitt -lrb- left -rrb- ended the one-year relationship with al amin dhalla -lrb- right -rrb- after she found out he had lied about his past .
dhalla went on to carry out a campaign of harassment against dr hewitt and her family .
dr alison hewitt ended the one-year relationship when her stepfather , david gray , discovered dhalla had lied about his past .
in revenge for uncovering his criminal background , he pursued the doctor and her parents with crossbows and an air rifle before torching their home .
police said catching dhalla had saved the family 's lives .
today a watchdog is set to order the home office to make the six-figure payout .
a damning report by the parliamentary and health service ombudsman said the department had missed ` vital opportunities to protect the family ' .
dr hewitt 's mother pamela , a former probation officer , said their ordeal had been ` like a horror movie ' , adding that while they were pleased with the report 's findings , ` the sad reality is this has taken so long the home office has not started to ... close the loopholes that allowed dhalla into the country .
' stalker al amin dhalla dressed as a doctor searches the princess royal hospital .
mrs hewitt said the border agency -- replaced by the border force -- should ` hang its head in shame ' .
` we came to them with important information ... but they did nothing ... unless that man is deported we will be looking over our shoulders for the rest of our lives .
' mr gray , a missiles systems engineer , said : ` this shows our government does not take seriously the security and safety of its citizens .
' dhalla and dr hewitt