by .
beth stebner .
published : .
01:04 est , 4 august 2012 .
| .
updated : .
05:44 est , 4 august 2012 .
a woman accused of orchestrating a vicious attack on a mother and her 3-year-old daughter with liquid drano has been sentenced to 15 years in prison .
tamara jackson , 31 , was convicted of several charges , including second-degree assault , for her part in the march 29 , 2010 incident in suburban washington , d.c. .
her accomplice tikia anderson was also convicted of charges against her , including possession of a deadly weapon with intent to injure .
she was the one who poured the powerful chemical on the two , and is currently serving an eight-year sentence .
scroll down for video .
crime of passion : tamara jackson , left , was convicted of plotting to attack her ex-boyfriend 's new girlfriend , and recruited tikia anderson , right , to pour drano on the woman and her 3-year-old daughter .
victims : katrina watts and her daughter , pictured in a handout family photo before the attack , both received bad chemical burns in the attack .
jackson was sentenced to 15 years in prison on friday , after a jury found her guilty of conspiracy to commit first-degree assault in may .
prosecutors said that she was primarily motivated by jealousy , for the express reason that the woman , katrina watts , had recently began dating jackson 's ex-boyfriend .
according to a patch article from last year , jackson and anderson drove to oxon hill , maryland and waited in a parking lot for the boyfriend 's new girlfriend to come home .
when they saw ms watts approaching , jackson took a bottle of the liquid drano , opened it , and poured some of its contents into a cup , police said .
beautiful girl : ms watts ' daughter , pictured before the attack ; she keeps telling her daughter that she 's beautiful regardless of how she looks .
evidence : the jury was shown pictures of their burns , like this one ; they found jackson guilty in may .
skin deep : watts said in a 2011 interview that she was furious with jackson for involving an innocent child and scarring her for life .
fearing that the