by .
chris pleasance .
council bosses have ordered a town on .
yorkshire to take down home-knitted tour de france bunting after .
claiming the weight of the wool was causing streetlights to bend .
residents .
from masham , in the yorkshire dales , spent months knitting more than .
20,000 jerseys in the tour 's signature colours of yellow , green and .
white with red dots to hang between lamp-posts .
but yesterday workers arrived from north .
yorkshire county council to taken them down , because officials worried the metal poles were ` leaning ' under the weight of the wool after it got .
wet .
council workers have forced residents in mashman , yorkshire , to take down bunting they knitted to celebrate the tour de france after claiming it was bending the lamp-posts .
officials complained that the metal poles were ` leaning ' under the weight of the bunting after it got wet , so residents have been told to had it on buildings or trees instead .
tour de force : some of the impressive collection of 20,000 jerseys after they had to be removed from the route .
tessa klemz , 45 , manager of mashamshire community office , said : ` it 's health and safety gone bananas .
` sheep do n't fall over when they get wet .
if the lamp posts are that flimsy and fragile they need looking at .
` they have been there for years and we do n't think a few jerseys - that weigh nothing - are going to make any difference .
`` we .
have not seen any bending at all and we have had more than our share of .
rain .
we did not want it to end up in a corner of some council .
building .
` so we have taken .
the bunting back and it is hanging from guttering , windows , and the .
doorways and arches of houses without any problems .
` you would think the council has better things to spend our money on .
' harrogate borough council asked residents to knit woolen jerseys in november last year to hang around nearby villages as the tour passed through , and received entries from as far afield as canada and bermuda .
after the entries were collected ,