by .
mark duell .
published : .
17:10 est , 23 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
10:16 est , 24 september 2012 .
with the recent revelations that their firm 's profits tripled to more than # 45million last year , it 's clearly no surprise that these men are living in luxury .
errol damelin and jonty hurwitz , founders of payday loans firm company wonga , live in a beautiful six-bedroom house in north london and # 2million five-bedroom west sussex home respectively .
mr hurwitz , 43 , who left his chief technical officer role last november to invest in the sciences and arts , but still sits on the board , lives in a home with its own fishing lake , hot tub and tennis court .
base : jonty hurwitz , 43 , who left his chief technical officer role at wonga last november , but still sits on the board , lives in a west sussex home with its own fishing lake , hot-tub and tennis court .
big money : chief executive errol damelin , 42 , who is said to have earned # 1.6 million last year , lives in a six-bedroom , four-bathroom house in north london , and has a white bmw x5 parked in the driveway .
chief executive mr damelin , 42 , who is said to have earned # 1.6 million last year , lives in the six-bedroom , four-bathroom house , and has a bmw x5 parked in the driveway , reported the sun .
wonga , which sponsors blackpool football club , has enjoyed huge growth to become worth around # 384million , with an astonishing representative annual percentage rate on loans of 4,214 per cent .
meanwhile the chairman of dawn capital , one of wonga 's biggest stockholders , is adrian beecroft , and he lives in a # 6.5 million north london home .
but that 's not the only amazing house he owns .
in addition the 65-year-old venture capitalist and conservative party donor has a plush # 2.75 million five-bedroom townhouse , also in north london , and even a castle in oxfordshire , reported the sun .
big bucks : errol damelin and jonty hurwitz -lrb- pictured -rrb- are the two founders of payday loans firm wonga .
base : the headquarters of the company