by .
martin robinson .
published : .
11:19 est , 31 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:01 est , 1 february 2013 .
court case : darius ashard , 21 , who played snoozy the dwarf in panto was sentenced to 40 hours unpaid work for aggravated vehicle taking and handling stolen goods .
an actor who played snoozy the dwarf in a pantomime starring priscilla presley screamed ` i 'm going to die ' as he and his friends led police on a terrifying high-speed car chase , a court heard today .
darius ashard , who was in a production of snow white and the seven dwarfs this christmas , had been a terrified passenger in a vauxhall astra taken in a burglary .
the 21-year-old was arrested in august last year after police found him holding a stolen laptop and an ipad taken from a home in woodford green , essex .
but since then he has ` rubbed shoulders ' with ms presley , 67 , who starred as the wicked queen at the new wimbledon theatre , and was given rave reviews .
prosecutor nadeem holland told snaresbrook crown court the stolen astra had hit a red light and then took the wrong exit on the busy north circular road .
the car then sped in .
the direction of oncoming traffic , causing other drivers to swerve out of the .
way , and forcing police to give up the chase in case someone was killed .
but soon after the gang jumped out of the car they were caught with ashard left holding the stolen goods .
daniel jerome , defending ashard , said : ` he spent two months working .
at the wimbledon theatre in the pantomime snow white and the seven .
dwarfs , with priscilla presley as the leading lady .
` he has rubbed shoulders with all sorts of famous names and being .
part of the cast has given him a window into other potential work in .
that field .
` he was asked by his co-defendants if he could look after a bag containing stolen property .
` he realised there was something untoward but out of goodness to his friends , he said yes .
` as soon as the vehicle started being driven in an undesirable fashion , .