by .
hugo gye .
formula one heiress tamara ecclestone .
has lost a court battle against her ex-boyfriend after a judge ruled .
that she was wrong to try and reclaim a lamborghini supercar she gave .
him as a present .
the .
wealthy socialite must now pay more than # 20,000 in compensation to two .
car companies who were prevented from selling the vehicle while the case .
was ongoing .
mr .
justice dingemans said in a high court judgement yesterday that the .
wrangling over the # 380,000 lamborghini aventador had 'cause d everyone .
far more trouble than it is worth ' .
ms ecclestone said she was ` disappointed ' by the ruling - but today she was pictured in a lamborghini showroom in kensington , west london , apparently shopping for a replacement .
shopping : tamara ecclestone at a lamborghini showroom in kensington , west london today .
checking out the wares : ms ecclestone looks at the interior of a lime-green vehicle with a salesman .
the 29-year-old gave the original car .
to her then-lover omar khyami on his 38th birthday in april 2012 , but .
when they broke up three months later she claimed it belonged to her .
mr .
khyami , a former stockbroker , used the lamborghini to secure a loan .
from elite performance cars ltd in connection with a white bentley which .
he bought ms ecclestone for christmas in 2011 .
in april 2013 , bailiffs acting on behalf of elite seized the car from a garage where ms ecclestone was having it serviced .
the .
firm sold the vehicle to ansol trading ltd , which apparently arranged .
to sell it on to a buyer in turkey until the heiress obtained a high .
court injunction stopping the sale on the grounds that she had never .
actually given the lamborghini to mr khyami .
chat : the socialite talking to a salesman - a day after a judge ruled that she had to give a lamborghini back to her ex-boyfriend .
walking out : it was unclear whether or not ms ecclestone made a purchase during her trip to the showroom .
in a written judgement delivered in .
newcastle yesterday , mr justice dingemans said that ms ecclestone was .
wrong to interfere and did not