by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
17:37 est , 28 april 2012 .
| .
updated : .
18:57 est , 28 april 2012 .
suspicion : william ` clyde ' gibson is being held in connection with the murders of two women .
authorities said they have dug up human remains in the backyard of a southern indiana man who is suspected of killing two women a decade apart .
police found the remains of what they believe is a third victim late on friday night at the new albany home of 54-year-old william ` clyde ' gibson iii , a convicted sex offender .
the remains were later identified as those of stephanie marie kirk , 35 , of charleston , indiana , wdrb.com reported .
floyd county prosecutor keith henderson said told the courier-journal in louisville , kentucky , that the remains may have been there for weeks or months .
her exact cause of death is still under investigation , authorities said .
` the fact is it is a serious matter , ' mr henderson told the news and tribune of jeffersonville .
` we do have three individuals at this point .
' henderson did n't reply to a phone message left at his office on saturday .
gibson is being held without bond at the floyd county jail in connection with the deaths of two women .
christine whitis , 75 , of clarksville , was found strangled in gibson 's home last week , and karen hodella , 44 , a hairdresser from florida , was discovered near the ohio river in clarksville in january 2003 .
gibson was arrested on drunken-driving charges last week after police spotted him driving ms whitis ' car .
scroll down for video .
grim findings : police found human remains in gibson 's back yard in southern indiana identified as 35-year-old stephanie marie kirk .
possible evidence : police haul away some of the remains during the night .
an officer at the jail said saturday .
that there was no record of any formal charges against gibson .
he also .
said he did n't know if gibson had a lawyer .
the discovery of the remains came .
hours after officials called off a search of the ohio river , where they .
had been looking for stephanie marie kirk