exam standards have dropped because boards are competing to offer the easiest papers , a damning year-long inquiry has found .
an influential committee of mps concluded that the current system allows boards to ` strip out ' content from gcses and a-levels so they can boast to schools that their exams are ` more accessible ' .
the public has been forced to endure years of denials that grade inflation exists even though they can see it ` with their own eyes ' , they said .
testing times : exam standards have dropped because boards are competing to offer the easiest papers , a damning year-long inquiry has found .
the verdict is a vindication for education secretary michael gove , who has demanded curbs on competition between exam boards to stamp out grade inflation .
at present , up to six boards set exams in each subject and schools choose which one they wish to use .
in an attempt to tackle a culture of ` competitive dumbing-down ' , mr gove is proposing to allow only one board to design an exam in each subject .
the commons education select committee today backed the thrust of the reforms but suggested instead devising a single national syllabus for each subject and allowing boards to set question papers against it .
this would remove incentives to dumb down courses and ` race to the bottom ' while still allowing the benefits of competition , it was claimed.committee chairman graham stuart said a system of single national syllabuses would prevent exam boards ` making out their syllabus is more accessible than someone else 's ' .
in the firing line.jpg .
he added : ` it would get rid of the perverse incentive to strip out content from a syllabus , to strip out the richness of learning from a course in order to make the course supposedly more accessible , in truth to make it easier .
' he highlighted embarrassing undercover filming last year which showed a senior geography examiner for the edexcel board telling a reporter , posing as a teacher , that ` you do n't have to teach a lot ' and there was ' a lot less ' for pupils to learn than with rival exam boards .
steph warren admitted she did not know ` how we got it through ' the