by .
ryan gorman .
the accused shooter : paula strange is believed by police to have shot dead husband bruce strange before killing herself .
a woman reportedly shot dead her husband in front of a packed suburban atlanta supermarket before then turning the gun on herself .
paula strange , 54 , is said by police to have shot dead 52-year-old husband bruce strange at a marietta , georgia kroger just after 5.30 p.m. , authorities said .
it happened only minutes after an argument over dinner at a nearby restaurant , a source told mailonline .
the kennesaw , georgia couple was eating at a mo 's southwest grill in the same shopping plaza where the shooting occurred less than half an hour before they were both dead , a person who answered the phone in the fast food joint told mailonline .
` they were in our store eating , i assumed they were having an argument , ' the source said , adding that he was n't sure what the disagreement was about .
the husband then abruptly got up and left the restaurant .
` the gentleman went to the bathroom , ran out the door , jumped over the patio fence and ran behind the restaurant , ' the worker said .
witnesses told wxia the kennesaw state university associate director of research compliance chased after him in her honda element , racing the engine and shouting at him .
he shouted back as he ran towards the supermarket , possibly to escape her .
another shooting : this one at a supermarket in suburban atlanta - a woman is believed to have shot her husband dead before killing herself in front of this kroger .
she then shot him several times before getting out to execute him in front of horrified shoppers before killing herself with a single gunshot , the witness said .
the husband 's body was still lying on the sidewalk in front of the store more than three hours later , according to wsb .
` it 's just mind-blowing , ' one person told the station .
` you come to kroger to get some groceries ... and find out that there is somebody with some kind of issue in their life .
' ` they just snapped , and it 's just unfortunate , ' the