the working-class labourer who could have been a lover of the poet oscar wilde while they were held at reading prison has been revealed .
henry bushnell , a petty thief , was a fellow inmate at the jail where wilde had been imprisoned for homosexual acts in 1895 .
wilde is thought to have indicated his attraction to bushnell who he described as a ` little dark-eyed chap ' in a letter to a friend during his two-year prison sentence .
henry bushnell , who is said to have been a potential lover of oscar wilde while the pair were inmates at reading prison .
a mugshot of henry bushnell , which was found while researchers trawled through prison records at berkshire record office .
now researchers from the university of reading have uncovered never before seen pictures of inmates from the prison during the late 1890s .
and they believe the man he was referring to was bushnell , a dark , handsome man , who only stood at five foot two inches tall .
academics from the university uncovered the pictures of bushnell , while trawling the archives of berkshire record office .
the mugshots of bushnell are are thought to be the only photos in existence of any of the working-class men wilde took an interest in .
poet and playwright , wilde , left , was sentenced to two years in reading prison , right , for homosexual acts .
the researchers say that bushnell was described as a prolific thief , who was sent to prison 21 times between 1892 and 1911 .
and so taken was wilde with bushnell , it is thought that the writer sent him money and wrote to him after they were both released .
professor peter stoneley , who lead the research told mailonline : ` it is clear to see wilde was interested in him and liked him and was part of a group of men he referred to as his pals .
' i think the interest could have been a romantic one and there are certainly grounds for that .
` but whether they were lovers it is difficult to say as victorian prisons practiced solitary confinement and prisoners were n't even allowed to talk to each other .
' now pictures of bushnell , along with those of other inmates , which forms part