mario balotelli looked to be relishing another opportunity with italy on wednesday as he trained with the rest of antonio conte 's squad in florence .
the controversial liverpool striker was not included in either of conte 's first two squads after he took charge following cesare prandelli 's decision to quit following the world cup .
but the 24-year-old is now back in favour and could start when the azzurri host croatia in a euro 2016 qualifier on sunday evening .
mario balotelli -lrb- right -rrb- challenges giorgio chiellini for the ball during italy training in florence on wednesday .
balotelli appeared in good spirits on his return to the azzurri squad for the first time since the world cup .
liverpool striker balotelli has an effort at goal as italy prepare to face croatia on sunday evening .
former ac milan forward balotelli almost kicks team-mate matteo darmian in the head during training .
balotelli , who scored against england in brazil as italy were dumped out at in the group stage along with the three lions , was pictured putting himself about in training as conte 's men continued their preparations for their group h clash against luka modric and co. .
the former ac milan forward looked to be enjoying himself as he tussled with daniele rugani , challenged giorgio chiellini in the air and nearly kicked a team-mate in the head while trying an audacious flick .
balotelli faces competition from borussia dortmund striker ciro immobile - who he aimed a playful kick at in training - and southampton star graziano pelle for a place in conte 's starting xi .
balotelli tussles with empoli defender daniele rugani -lrb- right -rrb- at coverciano in florence .
balotelli -lrb- left -rrb- appears to aim a light kick in the direction of borussia dortmund striker ciro immobile .
italy 's coaching staff chat in the background as balotelli enjoys a laugh during training on wednesday .
pelle scored on his international debut last month as italy continued their perfect start to qualifying with a 1-0 win against malta .
they currently sit second in their group behind sunday 's opponents croatia , who are yet to concede a goal in wins against bulgaria , azerbaijan and malta .
speaking about balotelli earlier this week , conte said : ` i 'm worried that people see balotelli differently