by .
mark duell .
published : .
04:11 est , 5 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
18:17 est , 5 august 2013 .
former england footballer : paul gascoigne -lrb- centre , pictured today -rrb- was fined # 1,000 after pleading guilty to attacking a train guard in stevenage last month .
paul gascoigne 's teenage son was left distressed after seeing his father arrested for drunkenly assaulting a railway security guard , a court heard yesterday .
the boy became ` extremely upset ' as the former england footballer was detained after grabbing the guard by the throat as he tried to help him on a station platform .
gascoigne 's family had hoped he was on the mend from his alcoholism after he was discharged from a rehab clinic in the us in march .
but last month he was found drunk on a train .
yesterday , appearing before magistrates in stevenage , he admitted attacking the guard on july 4 .
the court heard how he had been visiting his ill father , when a ticket inspector on the train from newcastle to london found him drunk .
gascoigne , 46 , got off at stevenage , where station guard jack sherrington , 23 , tried to help him into a wheelchair as he was struggling to walk .
elaine mcmillan , prosecuting , said : ` the defendant was abusive towards mr sherrington , using the c-word repeatedly and he ended up grabbing hold of mr sherrington effectively in the neck area .
' gascoigne 's ex-wife sheryl , his stepdaughter bianca and son regan were called to the station , where he was arrested for drunk and disorderly and assault at around 10.30 pm .
miss mcmillan said that regan , 17 , who works as a model , became upset as he watched his father get arrested .
scroll down for videos .
after sentencing : gascoigne started drinking again because he was worried about his sick father , who is seriously ill with a heart condition , the court was told .
arrived : gascoigne was in such a state after falling off the wagon again that station staff were forced to call his ex-wife sheryl -lrb- pictured -rrb- , 47 , to try and calm him down , stevenage magistrates ' court heard .
gavin harris ,