a bogus lawyer who was ordered to pay # 1.4 million in legal costs after being exposed by the daily mail and then struck off has been ordered to pay a further massive sum after abandoning an appeal .
shahrokh mireskandari , 53 , has been given until april 4 to pay more than # 230,000 in additional costs after being condemned by a leading judge for ` wholly abusive , unreasonable and manipulative conduct ' , including attempting to get the appeal hearing adjourned .
mireskandari was banned from practising as a solicitor after an investigation by the mail revealed that he had faked his legal qualifications and hid criminal convictions while representing celebrity clients .
labour mp keith vaz -lrb- left -rrb- and race lawyer shahrokh mireskandari -lrb- right -rrb- , pictured at a house of commons function in november 2007 .
a solicitors ' disciplinary tribunal found him guilty in june 2012 of 104 breaches of the rules governing solicitors ' conduct after a six-week hearing .
the mail uncovered the scandal .
the tribunal found that while running his london-based law firm dean and dean , mireskandari got into debt , overcharged clients , conducted improper litigation , failed to keep proper records and used clients ' cash to pay staff salaries .
the solicitors regulation authority -lrb- sra -rrb- accused him of making ` substantial efforts to derail and disrupt ' the hearing .
then mireskandari , who owned a string of properties in london but has fled to los angeles to avoid creditors , launched an appeal against the strike-off order and it was listed for a 10-day hearing in february .
but less than a fortnight before it was due to begin he applied for it to be stayed on the grounds of ill health .
the application was rejected as ` hopeless ' by lord justice moses on february 5 , who also described it as ` an abusive application designed to manipulate the court into granting an adjournment ' .
later the same week mireskandari withdrew his appeal .
yesterday , the sra asked lord justice moses to make a costs order against mireskandari on an indemnity basis - the highest level available - to show the court 's disapproval of his unreasonable conduct , which had led to the authority incurring substantial costs in preparing to resist his 43 grounds