a widow has claimed doctors put her terminally ill husband on an ` end of life pathway ' without telling her , denying her the chance to share his final days with him .
liz watson , whose husband george was admitted to a marie curie hospice for respite care , hit out at doctors after his condition deteriorated rapidly .
she says mr watson was the ` love of her live ' and ` did n't deserve to die like he did ' on the pathway , which sometimes involves depriving patients of food and water .
liz watson , from edinburgh said doctors put her husband george - the ` love of her life ' - on an end of life pathway without her knowledge .
mrs watson said she would never have agreed to the care plan , which she likened to a ` concentration camp ' , and wanted to spend more time with her husband .
mr watson was diagnosed with a brain tumour 17 months before he was admitted to the hospice from which he never came home .
mr watson was diagnosed with a brain tumour 17 months before he was admitted to the hospice .
from which he never came home .
his family said the 64-year-old from liberton in edinburgh was going shopping and ` eating three-course meals ' before he rapidly declined in the centre in fairmilehead .
mrs watson said she only realised george was on the controversial liverpool care pathway - which involves withdrawal of medication , food and fluids - when her mother recognised the signs .
she said she would never have agreed to the care plan , which she likened to a ` concentration camp ' , and wanted to spend more time with her husband .
she said : ` when i realised what they had done to my husband and put him on that liverpool care pathway , i was hysterical .
' i am not a stupid person but i never put two and two together .
they made out that they went through it with me but i would never have let my husband go on anything like that .
the liverpool care pathway , originally designed to ensure dignified and pain-free dying , was scrapped last year after a scathing independent inquiry found that it had meant ` uncaring ,