researchers have revealed exactly what facial features lead us to create a first impression of someone - ans say it could change the way we take selfies .
they say even in a single image such as a selfie , small changes in the dimensions of a face can make it appear more trustworthy , dominant or attractive .
for the first time researchers have now discovered the features that are associated with particular social judgements .
scroll down for video .
we judge faces on three factors , the researchers say - approachability , dominance and youthful-attractiveness .
here , faces are ranked from least on the left to most on the right in a ` key ' allowing researchers to rank faces .
first impressions are created by three distinct factors : .
approachability -lrb- do they want to help or harm me ?
-rrb- .
dominance -lrb- can they help or harm me ?
-rrb- .
youthful-attractiveness -lrb- perhaps representing whether they 'd be a good romantic partner - or a rival -rrb- .
the new study by researchers in the department of psychology at the university of york shows that it is possible to accurately predict first impressions using measurements of physical features in everyday images of faces , such as those found on social media .
` showing how these first impressions can be captured from very variable images of faces offers insight into how our brains achieve this seemingly remarkable perceptual feat , ' said professor andy young , of the department of psychology at york .
when we look at a picture of a face we rapidly form judgements about a person 's character , for example whether they are friendly , trustworthy or competent .
even though it is not clear how accurate they are , these first impressions can influence our subsequent behaviour -lrb- for example , judgements of competence based on facial images can predict election results -rrb- .
the impressions we create through images of our faces -lrb- ` avatars ' or ` selfies ' -rrb- are becoming more and more important in a world where we increasingly get to know one another online rather than in the flesh , the researchers say .
previous research has shown that many different judgements can be boiled down to three distinct ` dimensions ' : approachability -lrb- do they want to