by .
brendan carlin , mail on sunday political reporter .
there are few things britons take greater pride in than a well-trimmed swathe of lustrous lawn .
but caring for your treasured turf could be about to become much more expensive -- thanks to a ruling from -lrb- you guessed it -rrb- europe .
transport secretary patrick mcloughlin has been warned that brussels may soon require anyone using a ride-on mower to take out motor insurance -- even if they never take it near a road .
taken for a ride : mowing costs may soar amid warnings brussels may soon require users to take out motor insurance .
insurance experts have predicted the move would cost gardeners at least # 100 a year in extra premiums -- and potentially much more .
sources close to mr mcloughlin said he was determined to fight off any such ` bureaucratic meddling ' .
under current rules , gardeners using ride-on mowers on their property -- and not on the highway -- are normally insured for any accidents through their home insurance policies .
but department for transport officials are worried that a ruling due next month at the european court of justice in luxembourg could change all that .
transport secretary patrick mcloughlin , pictured , is reportedly determined to fight off any such ` bureaucratic meddling ' bizarrely , the case has nothing to do with britain but revolves around a slovenian man who was injured in a farm accident when he was knocked off a ladder by a trailer attached to a tractor .
tim price , rural affairs spokesman for insurance firm nfu mutual , said changing the rules would mean more expense for homeowners .
he added : ` it would be likely to cost at least # 100 extra a year to take out a separate motor policy , and that would be for a small mower at that .
' last night , a source close to mr mcloughlin made it clear he would fight any new brussels ruling on the issue .
the source said : ` this is exactly the sort of bureaucratic eu meddling that drives people mad .
we 're determined to fight it off .
it simply is n't necessary and could hit brits in their pockets .
'