property guru sarah beeny has called for the government to give tax breaks to three-generation families living under one roof .
the television presenter said ` multi-generation living ' would help to avert a social care ` disaster ' because family members could more easily care for elderly relatives at home .
it would also ease britain 's housing shortage by freeing up more homes -- pushing down prices and bursting the property ` bubble ' .
scroll down for video .
property guru sarah beeny -lrb- pictured -rrb- has called for the government to give tax breaks to three-generation families living under one roof .
by caring for older relative ourselves , we would reduce the huge financial pressure on the state caused by an ageing population , she said .
it would also reduce our reliance on childcare and after-school clubs because grandparents could care for their grandchildren while their children went out to work .
the married mother-of-four relies on a nanny to help with childcare and admitted she would ` love it ' if her own father or parents ' - in-law moved in with her .
as the owner of rise hall -- a 28-bedroom mansion in yorkshire -- and a victorian cottage in streatham , south london , she would not be a typical example for multi-generational living .
but yesterday , she called for britain to learn from mediterranean countries , where three generations more commonly lived together .
the presenter of shows such as property ladder and how to sell your house criticised planning restrictions which bowed too much to nimbys -lrb- not in my back yard -rrb- and prevented people from turning their homes into ones big enough for several generations .
miss beeny says the plans would also ease britain 's housing shortage by freeing up more homes -- pushing down prices and bursting the property bubble .
she said : ` i would really like to see encouragement of three-generational living .
` it should be incentivised in terms of tax and in terms of planning .
` instead of saying , ` we have got a housing problem but we wo n't let anyone extend their home by three inches ' , why do n't we just let the person do their loft conversion .
` i think nimbyism is still a problem , massively .
i mean