the controversial double-points system introduced into formula one for the past season has been abandoned after just one year .
and the sport is set for a potentially record-breaking 21-race schedule in 2015 with the korean grand prix surprisingly re-emerging on the calendar .
earlier this year a record-equalling 20-grand prix calendar was unveiled , matching the exhausting number of events set in 2012 .
but following a meeting of the world motor sport council in doha , qatar , it has emerged there may now be 21 races next year .
sebastian vettel won the last south korean grand prix held in 2013 - while at red bull .
the world motor sport council ratified a decision taken to scrap double points following a meeting of the formula one commission in geneva last week .
the scheme was introduced at the behest of supremo bernie ecclestone in an effort to prolong the life of a championship and attract high television audiences through to the final race .
ecclestone 's original concept was for the final three races to carry double points , but it was decided at last year 's meeting of the wmsc the system would only be employed for the closing grand prix .
upon its announcement the decision was greeted with overwhelming condemnation by fans , whilst drivers past and present also voiced their disapproval .
2014 world champion lewis hamilton will be looking to record his first win at the south korea grand prix .
mar 15 - australia .
mar 29 - malaysia .
apr 12 - china .
apr 19 - bahrain .
may 3 - korea -lrb- tbc -rrb- .
may 10 - spain .
may 24 - monaco .
jun 7 - canada .
jun 21 - austria .
jul 5 - great britain .
jul 19 - germany .
jul 26 - hungary .
aug 23 - belgium .
sep 6 - italy .
sep 20 - singapore .
sep 27 - japan .
oct 11 - russia .
oct 25 - united states .
nov 1 - mexico .
nov 15 - brazil .
nov 29 - abu dhabi .
the recent campaign would still have gone to the wire with the final race in abu dhabi even if there had been no double points on offer .
lewis hamilton , however , could have lost the title on