by .
daniel bates and mark duell .
last updated at 5:48 pm on 15th november 2011 .
the stepfather of a nine-year-old girl who survived for nearly two days trapped inside a crashed car tragically died while trying to hold her in his arms .
jordan landon 's screams for help went unanswered for 43 hours as she was stuck 16ft down a ditch in the overturned vehicle with below-freezing temperatures .
doug landon , 39 , was trying to save her right up until the last minute by keeping her protected in his arms , his friend kevin brinson said .
scroll down for video .
tragic : nine-year-old jordan landon and her father doug landon , 39 , captured on cctv at a gas station minutes before their horrific accident in north carolina .
last journey together : father and daughter leave the garage with snacks on a quick errand which turned into a tragedy .
and in an agonising twist her own mother crashed just 500ft away whilst out searching - but nobody spotted their wreck .
a passer-by finally noticed the car by .
the roadside in cove city , north carolina as night began to fall for a .
third time around them .
` he was curled up in a ball with his arm right across his chest and his other arm pushed out across jordan , ' mr brinson said .
` he was trying to hold her and trying to keep her protected , he was a good father ' .
it took rescuers more than an hour to .
cut jordan out of the 1995 chevrolet monte carlo but mr landon was .
declared dead at the scene .
rescuers revealed that jordan was wearing a coat which helped as temperatures fell to around 30f -lrb- -1 c -rrb- .
survival story : jordan landon was pinned under the car by her seatbelt and got by eating pop tarts and drinking gatorade .
terror crash : highway patrol rescue nine-year-old jordan landon who was trapped under a car next to the body of her dead father in craven county , north carolina for two days .
but all the food she had was some cold pop tarts and gatorade , which she nibbled on and rationed until rescue came .
` we had to use a .
ladder to get