vladimir putin yesterday mocked the west 's sanctions against russia - as eastern europe began boosting its defences amid fears of further kremlin land grabs .
putin dismissively brushed aside concerns raised by washington , brussels and london and inked crimea 's switch to rule by moscow in defiance of international objections .
he also laughed off punishments imposed by the u.s. and eu on his closest friends and their banks .
putin opened an account in blacklisted st petersburg-based rossiya bank , which was singled out for sanctions by america , and ordered that his monthly # 4,500 salary be paid into the bank .
' i have ordered the administrative department to transfer my salary there , ' he said .
scroll down for video .
vladamir putin today said he would be transferring his salary to russian bank rossiya bank - despite the fact that the u.s. has said that it plans to sanction the organisation .
the leader of chechnya , ramzan kadyrov , joined him .
` the decision to introduce sanctions against the bank indicates that it is reliable , since the u.s. does not like it , ' he said .
and putin joked in abusive slang that a gaggle of oligarchs including yuriy kovalchuk and gennadiy timchenko - seen by the u.s. as his ` cronies ' and subjected to sanctions in support of kiev - are ` typical moskali ' , bearing ukrainian names .
but the ukrainian premier arseniy yatsenyuk yesterday said he was signing an eu association deal - the first step to membership - to protect his country from ` armed gangster ' putin .
he insisted ` russia has undermined the global security system .
` russia has started to behave like an armed gangster in europe , therefore we should find an adequate answer to stop an international crime because this is an international crime .
' in slashing a gas subsidy to ukraine , he was using ` energy as a new nuclear weapon , ' he said .
poland responded by announcing that it will speed up the # 3 billion purchase of a missile defence system , with interior minister bartlomiej sienkiewicz calling the turmoil in neighbouring ukraine the ` biggest crisis ' since escaping the soviet noose 25 years ago .
president of chechnya ramzan kadyrov -lrb- right -rrb- also transferred his