travel used to be far more romantic than plugging a post code into your sat nav .
a series of rare vintage posters harking back to the halcyon days of travel around britain in the 1960s have emerged for sale to remind us of a simpler time .
shell guides were first launched in the 1930s and illustrated by famous artists .
the images gained cult following and were so popular they were printed as posters and used in schools .
each poster comes with a illustration of the area as well as a short blurb about its history , geography and cultural significance and they set to go up for auction valued at up to # 200 each .
the posters heralded a time when britons were taking to the roads in their thousands as motoring became cheaper and more widespread .
sponsored by the shell oil company , they advertise popular destinations across the country including kent , cambridgeshire , norfolk , cornwall and oxfordshire .
they also feature further flung counties like midlothian in scotland and cardiganshire in wales .
the collection of 11 posters is being sold by onslows auctioneers in blandford , dorset in an auction that will be held tomorrow .
the final series of shell guides was printed in 1987 .
a series of rare vintage posters from britain in the 1960s are up for sale to remind us of a simpler time .
far flung places were included in the shell guides including midlothian -lrb- left -rrb- as well as countries closer to home such as nottinghamshire -lrb- right -rrb- .
the shell guide to kent : guides were first launched in the 1930s and illustrated by famous artists .
the images gained cult following and were so popular they were printed as posters and used in schools .
each poster comes with a illustration of the area as well as a short blurb about its history and geography .
the 11 posters are being sold by onslows auctioneers in blandford in dorset and might fetch # 1,000 between them .
the final series of shell guides was printed in 1987 and they advertised popular destinations around the uk .
the collection of posters including the counties of norfolk , shetland , kent , cambridgeshire and oxfordshire .