by .
louise boyle .
published : .
09:22 est , 12 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:41 est , 12 august 2013 .
anthony weiner showed no signs of letting up in his bid for mayor on sunday despite a poll revealing that he has hit a record high for unpopularity among new yorkers .
weiner appeared at the annual dominican day parade in manhattan , adding a somewhat maniacal presence to proceedings as he dashed around in a pair of bright red pants while clutching a bullhorn .
at one point , weiner pulled a face as he grabbed a huge plantain handed to him by a giggling bystander on sixth avenue .
scroll down for video .
seeing red : new york mayoral candidate anthony weiner makes a dash up new york city 's avenue of the americas as he takes part in the dominican day parade on sunday .
too soon ?
weiner pulls a face as a bystander offers him two plantains taped together .
running for mayor : weiner waved a dominican flag and yelled ` que viva la republica dominicana ' as he appealed to the large group of voters in the city .
the embattled democrat recently admitted .
to a second ` sexting ' scandal after resigning his congressional seat .
over a similar controversy in 2011 .
weiner has set a new record with an 80 per cent unfavorable rating among new yorkers , according to a siena college poll this month , revealed politico .
however any signs that he may have been cowed by the scandal fallout were non-existent on sunday as the 48-year-old candidate zig-zagged .
from one side of the avenue to the other , waving a massive dominican republic flag .
he yelled : ` que viva la republica .
dominicana ' into his megaphone , evidently hoping to appeal to the crowd .
who make up a substantial portion of new york 's voters .
see more on the new york mayoral race and weiner 's odd behavior at nytrue.com .
flying the flag : weiner was out to make a procession on dominican voters at the annual parade on sunday despite a new poll revealing he is the most unpopular candidate ever .
limelight : weiner answers questions as he made a campaign trail appearance at the 32nd annual dominican