a 15-year-old army cadet who was burned with a makeshift flamethrower after selling poppies in the street has been left ` very upset ' over the attack , according to his mother .
schoolboy callum watkins suffered burns to his face after he was targeted by a stranger as he waited for a bus in his camouflage uniform after spending the day selling remembrance day poppies in manchester city centre .
the teenager had been selling poppies on behalf of the royal british legion on saturday and was waiting to catch a bus home at 6pm when he was blasted in the face with a lit aerosol jet outside manchester art gallery - less than 100 yards from the city 's cenotaph .
scroll down for video .
army cadet callum watkins , 15 , suffered burns in the unprovoked attack which happened as he waited at a bus stop in manchester city centre after spending the day selling poppies for remembrance day -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
the schoolboy , who was wearing his camouflaged uniform , suffered minor burns to his face and singed hairs on his face and right forearm as he waited for a bus outside manchester art gallery on saturday -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
the attacker approached him holding an aerosol can and cigarette lighter before spraying the youngster with blazing fumes and walking off without saying a word .
callum suffered minor burns to his face and singed hairs on his face and right forearm .
his mother kirsty sloan said he was ` very upset ' by the incident and confirmed he was now recovering at home .
she said : ` his face is burned and he is not very well .
` we just want whoever did this caught so that callum can put it behind him .
' callum serves with the levenshulme detachment duke of lancaster 's cadet regiment and colour sergeant jackson requested maximum attendance at the drill hall last night to discuss cadet safety after the attack .
well-wisher paolo d'angelo posted on the cadet 's facebook page : ` it 's beyond being human attacking a soldier in the street -lrb- lee rigby rip -rrb- but attacking a child !
` what kind of inhumane person would do such a thing .
i hope the cadet makes a fully recovery and it does n't deter him