by .
lucy crossley .
published : .
15:28 est , 24 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
17:38 est , 24 february 2014 .
a victorian church where sherlock homes author sir arthur conan doyle tried to contact the dead has gone up for sale .
the cedars spiritualist church in ipswich , suffolk - once a hotbed of british spiritualism - is on the market for between # 500,000 and # 700,000 .
in the 1920s it hosted packed meetings where psychics would try to contact the spirits of people who had passed on .
on the market : the cedars spiritualist church in ipswich , suffolk , where sherlock homes author sir arthur conan doyle tried to contact the dead has gone up for sale .
spiritualist : one regular visitor to the church was sir arthur conan doyle , who was one of the most famous spiritualists of his day .
one regular visitor was writer doyle who was one of the most famous spiritualists of his day , finding solace in the practice after losing his wife louise in 1906 and his son kingsley just before the end of the first world war .
records show that ipswich psychic society - as the church was once known - hosted popular garden parties and talks that attracted as many as 1,000 people .
kandi munson , the cedars ' president , said the imposing victorian property was originally bought for # 800 .
attraction : records show that ipswich psychic society - as the church was once known - hosted popular garden parties and talks that attracted as many as 1,000 people .
on the move : church leaders have taken the decision to sell up as they want a property more suited to what the church now offers , including activities such as yoga and meditation , as well as regular services .
she added : ` we had our own mediums , joan brown and dorothy abraham , who lived here in the flats above the church for many years .
` they talked about people arriving in horse and carriages from london , visits from and to native indians in canada and , of course , sir arthur conan doyle , who came to society meetings on a number of occasions .
` we 've got all his books on spiritualism