by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
15:37 est , 23 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:46 est , 23 october 2013 .
nobel peace laureate aung san suu kyi was reunited with the prince of wales and the duchess of cornwall on a visit to britain today .
the burmese opposition leader made a special request to see the royal couple on a tour which also saw her meet political leaders including prime minister david cameron , labour leader ed miliband and foreign secretary william hague .
mr cameron backed her efforts to amend the burmese constitution , which currently .
prevents her standing for president in 2015 .
aung san suu kyi met prince charles and the duchess of cornwall at clarence house during a visit to the uk .
they spoke for about 45 minutes in the palace 's garden room after suu kyi made a special request to see them .
prince charles gave the burmese democracy leader a tour of the gardens during her visit .
earlier in the day , charles and camilla accompanied ms suu kyi into the garden room at charles 's london home clarence house and the prince explained : ` there 's endless people taking photographs .
' ms suu kyi replied : ` you 've got to obey the photographers .
' and the prince assured her : ` that 's by far the best policy .
' ms suu kyi met the royal couple shortly before they attended the christening of prince george .
she has close connections with britain having read philosophy , politics and economics at st hugh 's college , oxford , between 1964 and 1967 , before settling in the university city with her late husband michael aris , a tibetan scholar .
in july 1989 , around a year after her return to her homeland to care for her mother , ms suu kyi was placed under house arrest by the ruling military which feared the influence of a woman whose father was instrumental in gaining burma 's freedom from british rule .
she remained there for much of the next 20 years , finally being released in november 2010 .
her husband died of prostate cancer in 1999 at the age of 53 .
he had asked the burmese authorities to grant him a visa to visit