space exploration is no longer the preserve of huge agencies who can spend up to # 280 million on a single satellite launch .
now amateur engineers - working in bedrooms , basements and garages - have the chance to launch their probes into space for just # 12,000 .
for the price of a car , anyone who can send a tiny 5cm cube satellite into orbit to take pictures of earth and perform cosmic experiments .
scroll down for video ... for the price of a car , anyone who can send a tiny 5cm cube satellite into orbit to take pictures of earth and perform cosmic experiments .
this has all been made possible by .
glasgow-based start-up alba orbital who has recently begun creating and .
selling the building blocks for tiny satellites named ` pocketqubes ' .
founder tom walkinshaw told mailonline that he was inspired to launch the company after being rejected for a job at local company , clyde space .
` my skillset at the time did n't meet what they needed so i had to essentially create a company if i wanted to be involved in the industry , ' he said .
clyde space supplies cubesats - a type of miniaturised satellite for space research that usually has a volume of exactly one litre and a mass of no more than 1.33 kilograms .
despite cubesats ' small size , they can still cost more than $ 100,000 -lrb- # 62,300 -rrb- to launch , compared to the # 12,000 it costs to launch a pocketqube satellite .
the smaller size of walkinshaw 's pocketqube has driven down the cost of launch , and elements of a pocketqube can be stacked up to create a larger satellite .
` we believe small satellites are on the cusp of a major breakthrough much the like personal computers were in the late 70 's / early 80 's , ' the company said on its website .
while space research is currently dominated by large agencies , the ability to launch satellites on the cheap could open up a host of opportunities for small and medium sized enterprises -lrb- smes -rrb- .
` small companies have short chains of commands , ideas can be implemented straight away and there is less bureaucracy and schedule slips , ' walkinshaw said .
the pocketqube