by .
shari miller .
published : .
07:01 est , 5 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
10:39 est , 5 january 2014 .
at least 15 workers have been killed after a building collapsed and was reduced to a pile of broken rubble , at a development in goa , on saturday .
rescuers spent sunday using backhoes and shovels to search for survivors amid the concrete and dust left behind following the collapse of the residential building , which is under construction in canacona , about 44 miles from the state capital of panaji .
authorities suspect dozens more may be trapped under the rubble , but are yet to determine how many workers were on site when the five-story structure crumpled on saturday afternoon .
scroll down for video .
tragedy : at least 15 workers were killed after a building collapsed in canacona , goa .
search continues : at least 15 have been killed and more are feared dead following the building 's collapse .
the team carry a victim 's body after discovering it among the vast pile of concrete rubble .
witnesses said the ruby residency , being built by bharat realtors and developers , crashed like a ` pack of cards ' at around 3pm and reported seeing at least 40 workers .
soldiers and fire-fighters listened for movement or cries from the wreckage as they worked overnight to clear the debris , said state official venancio furtado .
at least ten people were pulled out alive overnight , but the chance of finding survivors was dwindling , furtado added .
by sunday afternoon , the death toll had reached 15 , according to the state government .
goa chief minister manohar parrikar said he ordered a review of the construction project , after seeing cracks that developed in the adjacent apartment building , which was also constructed by the same mumbai-based company .
` the design is faulty , which is why the tragedy happened , ' said parrikar .
search : a rescue worker stands with a stretcher near the debris from the five-storey building .
reduced to rubble : indian army soldiers and fire officials look through the debris for survivors .
search effort : heavy machinery removes the rubble , under which dozens are feared trapped .
watching and waiting : the rescuers listened for