at least one person has miraculously survived a plane crash which killed 78 people including women and children .
the horrifying accident took place in algeria , where a 32-year-old military transporter crashed into mountains in the north east of the north african country during heavy snowfall .
the hercules c-130 was on route to .
constantine from the sahara desert garrison town of tamanrasset , when .
it came down in oum al-bouaghi province .
scroll down for video .
scene : the horrifying accident took place in algeria , where a 32-year-old military transporter crashed into mountains .
the hercules c-130 was on route to constantine from the sahara dessert garrison town of tamanrasset , when it came down in oum al-bouaghi province .
wreckage : the plane was on a flight of 950 miles , and had made one stop in the town of ouargla , before making its descent towards constantine .
army .
spokesman farid nechad said : ` we 've found one survivor and the searches .
are continuing .
the area is very mountainous and hard to get to .
we .
fear the worst for those unaccounted for .
' the .
identity of the ` extremely badly injured ' survivor has not yet been .
revealed , said colonel nechad , who said the survivor was ` being rushed .
to hospital in constantine ' the .
plane was on a flight of 950 miles , and had made one stop in the town .
of ouargla , before making its descent towards constantine .
` contact .
with air traffic control stopped just as the plane started its .
descent , ' said col nechad , who said that the plane crashed into the .
djebel fertas mountain , 250 miles east of the capital city of algiers .
` the .
weather was extremely bad -- very windy and there was heavy snow ' said .
col nechad , who said visibility would have been ` extremely poor ' .
the plane crashed in a mountainous area in the oum el bouaghi province , about 310 miles from the capital algiers .
col .
nechad added that there were 99 passengers on board , mainly made up of .
soldiers and their families .
the crew was made of four people .
one of the plane 's ` black