by .
bianca london .
as a celebrity-obsessed culture , there is immense pressure on women to look good and females are forced to compare themselves to stars with perfect bodies .
a flabby stomach was the biggest concern for both men and women - with three quarters admitting they are carrying 2lbs of unwanted fat .
but it has now been revealed that seven in ten women are so anxious about the way they look they fret about their weight three times a day , with a staggering 80 per cent of brits saying they 're depressed by the appearance of their own body .
the study found actress cameron diaz 's legs , reality star kim kardashian 's bottom , model gisele bundchen 's flat stomach and singer jessica simpson 's bust are considered to be ` ideal ' .
and the desire to look the same appears to be having a serious impact on the way women look at themselves .
but it 's not just women who are concerned about piling on the pounds .
the research by hotel chain travelodge also revealed 61 per cent of men fret about their body three times a day .
many .
desired athletic legs like david beckham , the bottom of heartthrob .
actor channing tatum and the abs like mark wahlberg and matthew .
mcconaughey .
a flabby stomach was the biggest .
concern for both men and women - with three quarters admitting they are .
carrying 2lbs of unwanted fat .
legs were the second biggest worry for women , followed by their bottoms , arms and hips .
and .
eight out of ten said their lives would improve considerably if they .
felt happy about their body , with over a third saying it would boost .
their sex drive .
the second biggest concern for men was their arms , followed by shoulders , legs and bottoms .
travelodge spokeswoman shakila ahmed said : `` we are living in a celebrity obsessed culture where image is everything .
cameron diaz has the ideal legs , according to the study .
gisele bundchen 's flat stomach has women green with envy .
kim kardashian has the bottom that women rival .
` and now more women and men are feeling more self conscious about their appearance .
` stars like cameron diaz and