taxpayers spent a staggering $ 172million in six years on penis pumps valued at twice the price they would have cost in a store .
the u.s. government 's medicare program blew the cash between 2006 and 2011 , according to a government watchdog 's report released yesterday .
the inspector general for the department .
of health and human services said the health .
insurance system for seniors paid for nearly 474,000 claims for vacuum .
erection systems , or ves , totaling about $ 172.4 million from 2006 to .
2011 .
a staggering $ 172million was spent on penis pumps between 2006 and 2011 , a report has revealed .
yearly claims for the devices nearly doubled from $ 20.6 million in 2006 to $ 38.6 million in 2011 .
according to the mayo clinic , penis pumps are one of a few treatment options for erectile dysfunction .
government waste is a major issue in budget talks in the u.s. capital as lawmakers try to reach agreement on a $ 1 trillion spending bill .
` medicare payment amounts for ves remain grossly excessive compared with the amounts that non-medicare payers pay , ' said the report , dated december 2013 .
` medicare currently pays suppliers more than twice as much for ves as the department of veterans affairs and consumers over the internet pay for these types of devices .
' if medicare had adjusted its payments to approximately the price non-medicare payers pay , the u.s. government would have saved an average of about $ 14.4 million for each of the six years , the report said .
according to the mayo clinic , penis pumps are one of a few treatment options for erectile dysfunction .
` considering the strain retiring baby boomers will soon be placing on medicare 's budget , should n't we be focusing this entitlement program on real , life-saving treatment and equipment to serve the health needs of seniors - instead of subsidizing penis pump purchases ?
' ben domenech of the heartland institute think tank said in an email statement .
` and to those seniors who really do want one , ' added domenech , ` just buy it yourself - you do n't need to send the bill to your fellow americans .
'