by .
associated press .
published : .
17:15 est , 25 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:43 est , 25 march 2013 .
tracy dice johnson was not notified by casualty officers after her wife was killed in a suicide bombing in afghanistan , despite the fact that they were married .
because federal law defines marriage as the union of a man and a woman , the military did not recognize the relationship of army sgt. donna r. johnson and tracy dice johnson at all , rendering johnson ineligible for the most basic survivor benefits , from return of the wedding ring recovered from the body to a monthly indemnity payment of $ 1,215 .
` you can not imagine the pain , to actually be shut out , ' said dice johnson , an army staff sergeant who survived five bomb explosions during a 15-month tour in iraq .
` not only is one of their soldiers being disrespected .
two of them are being disrespected .
' scroll down for video .
shut out : tracy dice johnson holds a flag from a ` widow 's box ' ; when her wife was killed in afghanistan last year , the north carolina national guardswoman heard about it from her sister-in-law .
widow 's grief : although donna johnson had listed dice as her next-of-kin , army casualty officers informed johnson 's mother of her death first because of a federal law that prohibits the u.s. government from recognizing same-sex unions .
as the supreme court prepares to consider the constitutionality of the defense of marriage act , gay marriage advocates are focusing attention on the way they say the law dishonors gay service members and their spouses , who are denied survivor payments , plots in veterans ' cemeteries , base housing and a host of other benefits that have been available to opposite-sex military couples for generations .
line of duty : army sgt. donna r. johnson was killed in afghanistan in 2012 in a suicide bombing .
if the high court strikes down the doma , the ruling could bring sweeping changes to the way the military treats widows and widowers such as dice johnson , the first person to lose a same-sex spouse to war since ` do n't ask , do n't tell ' was lifted in 2011 .