by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
and mark duell .
the duke and duchess of cambridge 's first child is set to push prince harry into fourth place in the line of succession to the throne - even if they have a girl .
prince william and kate 's child would move into third place , become more important than harry and not be subject to the centuries-old law of primogeniture , which puts male heirs ahead of women .
he or she will leapfrog harry by being be the first born of first-in-line prince charles 's first son .
scroll down for video .
happily married : only 20 months after the couple were married they are now expecting a baby .
the baby will become monarch , regardless of whether it is a boy or a girl .
it is anticipated that harry and .
pippa middleton could be asked to be the child 's godparents , if the .
royal couple follow the tradition appointing the best man and maid of .
honour from their wedding .
the baby will be third in line to the throne regardless of gender after prime minister david cameron agreed a deal with other commonwealth countries to change the rules on the royal line of succession which means male heirs will no longer be given priority .
this means that in the 15 other countries where the queen is head of state the rules must be changed .
it had been feared there could be a constitutional crisis if the royal couple had a baby girl before the law was changed .
but today 's announcement that the .
duchess of cambridge is expecting the couple 's first child - third in line to the throne - has come after the deal was agreed .
in .
october 2011 , david cameron announced that the 16 commonwealth .
countries where the queen is head of state had agreed to give female .
royals the same rights of succession as their brothers .
` put .
simply , if the duke and duchess of cambridge were to have a little .
girl , that girl would one day be our queen , '' mr cameron said .
under .
the ancient rules of male primogeniture , first born royal daughters in .
direct line to the throne were leapfrogged