chelsea got back to winning ways in the premier league thanks to strikes from eden hazard and diego costa .
jose mourinho 's men also maintained their unbeaten record at stamford bridge as they ground out a scrappy win over a hull outfit that were forced to play the last 30 minutes of the game with 10 men after tom huddlestone 's dismissal for a knee-high lunge on filipe luis .
sportsmail rates the players ' performances at turf moor .
diego costa -lrb- centre -rrb- is mobbed his his team-mates after scoring his side 's second goal at stamford bridge .
chelsea .
petr cech - 7 .
desperate to show he can still compete at the highest level and looked comfortable throughout the game in his first league start of the season .
branislav ivanovic - 7.5 .
never really tested and looked more dangerous with his bursting runs down the right hand side .
almost got his name on the scoresheet with a powerful shot which flew just over the bar .
gary cahill - 6 .
relieved to see chris foy only pull out a yellow card following his late challenge on sone aluko in the first half which the hull players were furious with .
caused another stir early in the second half when he appeared to dive inside the box and was lucky to stay on the field .
chelsea centre back gary cahill -lrb- left -rrb- was lucky to just see yellow for his challenge on hull 's sone aluko .
john terry - 8 .
always looked in control against nikica jelavic and showed once again why he is still one of the best defenders in the premier league with another commanding display .
jose mourinho will be praying he can stay fit to keep his side at the top of the table .
filipe luis - 7 .
fortunate to escape a serious injury following huddlestone 's nasty challenge in the second half which led to his dismissal .
never put a foot wrong and will be hoping to keep his place in the team .
mikel - 7 .
with cesc fabregas serving a suspension , mikel had a chance to show mourinho why he should be a first-team regular and forged a good partnership with matic at the heart of the midfield .
nemanja matic - 8 .
has