by .
lydia warren .
published : .
10:20 est , 11 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:21 est , 11 july 2013 .
boston marathon bombing victim jeff bauman has revealed how he was so certain tamerlan tsarnaev was one of his attackers that he tried to tell staff in the ambulance on his way to hospital .
authorities have praised the 27-year-old , who lost his lower legs and much of his hearing in the blast , as key to stopping tsarnaev and his brother dzhokhar after he helped identify them as the suspects .
bauman , who is learning to walk again with prosthetic limbs , has now spoken out about how he was determined to identify tsarnaev after seeing him acting suspiciously before the april 15 blast .
` he was n't with anybody , he was standing right next to me , ' bauman told brian williams on nbc news .
he ` looked kind of - was n't laughing , was n't having fun .
' speaking out : in his first tv interview , jeff bauman said he told ambulance staff who was responsible for the boston bombings .
' i had a hunch , ' he said after seeing one of the suspects in the crowd .
recovery : speaking to brian williams , bauman said he is stronger than ever following his devastating injuries .
this was noticeable among the crowd of people who were soaking up the celebratory atmosphere , said bauman , who was at the finish line with two friends to cheer for his girlfriend as she raced .
after noticing tamerlan tsarnaev sullen faced , wearing a heavy coat , sunglasses , a cap and standing alone silently , he said he left a backpack behind .
moments later , there was an explosion .
bauman was thrown by the force of the blast and opened his eyes to find himself in a pool of blood .
he saw one of his friends look at his legs in horror and looked down to see his limbs were shredded .
a man applied tourniquets to his legs and then he was scooped into a wheelchair by carlos arredondo - a man in a cowboy hat - who helped rush him to an ambulance .
spotted : he said he noticed tamerlan tsarnaev , right ,