by .
martin robinson .
published : .
04:09 est , 4 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:29 est , 4 november 2013 .
murdered : three police officers have been suspended following the murder of bijan ebrahimi , 44 , who was burned to death by neighbours who wrongly believed he was a paedophile .
three police officers have been suspended after they arrested an innocent man just days before he was beaten and set alight by murderous vigilantes who wrongly believed he was a paedophile .
bijan ebrahimi had .
taken photographs of youths vandalising his hanging baskets and intended .
to hand them to police as evidence , but instead was held for taking pictures of children .
officers took mr ebrahimi , originally from iran , away for questioning , as other .
residents on his estate gathered in the street and chanted , ` paedo , .
paedo ' .
two days after his release mr .
ebrahim 's charred body was found burning .
in the road .
lee james , 24 , has admitted murder and stephen norley , 24 , admitted assisting him .
today it emerged that three of the police involved in the victim 's arrest are now not at work and have been accused by the victim 's family of ` failing ' him .
an independent police complaints commission investigation is currently investigating the police contact he had prior to his death in july 2013 .
six .
police officers involved in the case have all been served notices of .
gross misconduct , including an inspector , sergeant and pc involved in .
his detention .
avon .
and somerset chief constable nick gargan has already admitted that .
police and other agencies involved had failed mr ebrahimi .
his family has pleaded with the ipcc to finish the investigation into his death as they can not wait ' a day longer ' for the findings into his murder .
on trial : lee james , pictured left , has pleaded .
guilty to the murder of bijan ebrahim while stephen norley , pictured .
right , pleaded guilty to assisting an offender .
horrific crime : police officers pictured investigating the scene in bristol where bijan ebrahimi was found burned to death in july this year .
they say until the inquiry has