owners of high-end super cars are not afraid of making a statement .
and the driver of this rolls royce is no exception - splashing out thousands of pounds to have the # 300,000 model wrapped in black velvet .
the car , a phantom drophead coupe , was spotted outside harrods in the exclusive area of knightsbridge , central london , where it attracted a few looks - and strokes - from passers-by .
scroll down for video .
sleek : the velvet-covered rolls royce phantom drophead coupe was spotted on the streets of london .
attention-grabbing : two curious passers-by stop to stroke the vehicle , which costs an estimated # 300,000 .
statement : the velvet wrap , which cost roughly # 3,000 , is the latest trend in super car customisation .
the velvet wrap , which comes in a range of colours , is one of the latest trends in super car customisation - offering owners a bold alternative to ` boring ' paintwork .
raccoon , a british garage that has carried out treatments on similar cars , estimated that the finish would have cost the rolls royce 's owner # 3,000 .
created by velvet car , a french company specialising in luxurious films and accessories , the service involves ` wrapping ' the cars in a durable and weather resistant fibre .
named the velvet elite 9100 , the wrap is available for all vehicle types .
it comes in a range of colours , including fuchsia pink and orange - designed to be a bold alternative to those bored with paint .
the wrap is coated with special adhesives and durable textile fibers to withstand severe weather conditions .
the material , which lasts for roughly three years , can be cleaned by hand or using a jet wash and does not need special products .
the first velvet-covered car in britain was spotted on the streets of london last summer .
a spokesman for the firm , which supplies the material to garages in the uk and overseas , said that the material , called velvet elite 9100 , allows car owners to better express their style .
the fibre comes in a range of colours - including fuchsia pink and orange - and is available for all vehicle types .
it is coated with special adhesives and durable textile