police have today renewed warnings about the dangers of trespassing on railway property after a man died of horrific burns after he grabbed onto power lines while trying to graffiti trains in brisbane last night .
the 26-year-old suffered a massive electric shock and 90 per cent burns to his body when he grabbed onto the lines carrying 450,000 volts .
queensland police are investigating the shocking incident which took place at a railway yard on lofter street in tennyson , south brisbane .
the 26-year-old man touched one of these train cables at the railway shunting yard in tennyson , south brisbane on saturday night .
the incident happened in tennyson and the trespasser was from the greenbank suburb of brisbane .
the greenbank man entered the rail shunting yard about 8.30 pm last night with a 19-year-old friend and the pair were trying to graffiti train carriages .
the 26-year-old climbed onto one of the carriages , he raised his hands and touched electrical wires and he then suffered an electric shock .
a queensland police spokesman said : ` while scaling a container car he brushed against the wires , suffering deep thickness burns to 90 per cent of his body .
' police said the man was taken to royal brisbane and women 's hospital for life-threatening burns but later died of his injuries .
queensland rail -lrb- qr -rrb- is helping police with their investigation and they told abc that the site is leased the site to rail freight company pacific national , which was responsible for security in the area .
daily mail australia tried to contact pacific national without success and qr said they would not be making any comments on the incident due to the police investigation .
police have renewed warnings for people not to trespass on railway property after the latest tragedy .
regional duty officer inspector daniel bragg renewed warnings about the dangers of trespassing on the railways during a press conference this morning .
this incident comes two months after the death of another man linked to graffiti on brisbane trains .
inspector bragg told the media that emergency crews were already at the scene when police arrived and staff at the shunting station saw a flash or flame , they found the man sitting on top of the carriage .
the man 's friend who he entered