lazio players from albania and serbia have come together to set an example of how football can transcend the world of politics .
political tension between the two nations spilled over during a recent euro 2016 qualifier when a drone carrying an albanian flag provoked a mass brawl that eventually saw the match in belgrade abandoned .
albanian internationals lorik cana , etrit berisha and thomas strakosha share the same lazio dressing room with serbia 's filip djordevic and dusan basta and the group have joined hands in a picture posted on twitter to promote a positive message .
lazio teammates -lrb- l-r -rrb- lorik cana -lrb- albania -rrb- , filip djordevic -lrb- serbia -rrb- , etrit berisha -lrb- albania -rrb- , duan basta -lrb- serbia -rrb- and thomas strakosha -lrb- albania -rrb- promote a positive message .
lazio players join hands after the euro 2016 qualifier between the two countries descended into violence .
empoli teammates nemanja radonjic of serbia -lrb- l -rrb- and albania 's elseid hysaj show their support for solidarity .
speaking to the club 's official website , djordevic said : ` there is no trail of serbia - albania , no trace of intolerance between us .
with cana and berisha we exchanged a few words in belgrade , in an atmosphere quite friendly .
` lazio have a common goal : to score points .
i do not know what to say about what happened in belgrade , but i can say that when i came back to rome , with cana and berisha , we said our goodbyes as happened in all the previous days .
' i am convinced that our relationship will continue to be the same .
we also exchanged a couple of words about what happened , but in all friendliness , ' he added .
the drone struggled to fly as players and substitutes from both sides get involved in a scuffle .
both countries were charged by uefa after the violent scenes in belgrade .
lazio president claudio lotito said : ` this is what is happening at lazio - cana , berisha , basta and djordjevic represent a feeling of brotherhood .
` there are no political differences , on the contrary we have a harmonious union of people and countries .
` it 's a further example of what football can teach politics .