sam allardyce believes winston reid could make a u-turn and decide to stay at west ham if they qualify for europe .
as it stands the west ham manager is resigned to losing his key centre-back when he is out of contract in the summer .
but west ham are still in the hunt for a champions league or europa league place , currently sitting seventh in the table only three points off manchester united in fourth .
winston reid -lrb- second left -rrb- competes for a high ball against swansea 's bafetibi gomis at the liberty stadium .
arsenal and liverpool are both interested in signing reid when his contract runs out this summer .
' i think that the way the club has improved i think with him staying and what we 've done this season - and hopefully finish the season strongly - might persuade him to sign for us , ' allardyce said .
` we 're on the up at the moment and we 've got a very big future ahead of us , moving into the new stadium so the club could be bigger than it has ever been in the next four to five years .
' allardyce is standing firm in his unwillingness to sell the player on the cheap during the january transfer window -- with arsenal and liverpool both interested -- which would leave reid with a decision to make at the end of this campaign .
hammers manager sam allardyce believes reid will stay with the club if they reach europe this season .
` there 's no choice for me , he stays and that 's it , ' allardyce insisted .
` it would have to be a big offer but whether somebody makes a big offer then obviously the chairman decides then .
but for me , he 's staying .
the chairman decides whether the money 's big enough but for me , he stays .
' allardyce also ruled out moving for out-of-favour manchester city defender matija nastasic .
west ham had discussions about trying to sign the centre-back in summer , but he ended up staying at city where he has only managed one appearance , in the community shield defeat to arsenal .
allardyce added : ' i do n't think nastasic wants to stay in this country is my opinion based