by .
chris pleasance .
published : .
05:23 est , 25 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
12:22 est , 25 february 2014 .
a ugandan newspaper has published a list of the country 's ` top 200 ' homosexuals a day after the president enacted harsh anti-gay legislation .
the red pepper , a ugandan tabloid , ran the names of 200 people it claims are homosexuals , including several who have not previously come out as gay , under the headline ` exposed !
' the list includes prominent ugandan gay .
activists such as pepe julian onziema , as well as a .
popular ugandan hip-hop star and a catholic priest .
scroll down for video .
the red pepper , a tabloid in uganda , has printed the names of 200 people it accuses of being homosexuals on its front page .
the list , which appears under the headline exposed !
, features names of people not previously identified as gay .
the news comes on the day after ugandan president yoweri museveni signed a bill into law which punishes ` aggravated homosexuality ' with life in prison .
u.s. secretary of state john kerry said the bill marked ' a tragic day for uganda and for all who care about the cause of human rights ' and warned that washington could cut aid to the east african nation .
he said : ` now that this law has been enacted , we are beginning an internal review of our relationship with the government of uganda to ensure that all dimensions of our engagement , including assistance programs , uphold our anti-discrimination policies and principles and reflect our values .
' few ugandans identify themselves publicly as gay , and the tabloid 's publication of alleged homosexuals recalls a similar list published in 2010 .
a prominent ugandan gay activist , david kato , was killed after the rolling stone newspaper - which has no affiliation with the american magazine - called for him to be hanged .
in 2011 the then-editor said he had ` no regrets ' over the article , as it was exposing wrongdoing .
the news comes just a day after the country 's president signed harsh new anti-gay legislation .
yesterday president yoweri musaveni called homosexuality ` disgusting ' as he signed the bill into law