a convicted paedophile is reportedly working in a toy shop and a legal loophole in child protection laws means he is not breaking any rules .
stephen maxwell murray , who was convicted in 1991 in the preston magistrates court on three counts of indecent assault and one of supplying liquor to a minor , has been working at the melbourne store animasia for at least four years , the herald sun reports .
he was sentenced to six months in prison in 1991 .
he later worked in a comic store called the crypt in melbourne before he was allegedly sacked by owner carmel barbara due to public outcry about his hiring .
convicted paedophile stephen maxwell murray has reportedly worked at the animasia toy shop for four years .
ms barbara continued to employ murray after finding about his past conviction but said she wanted to ` give him a chance , ' the sunday herald sun reported in 2005 .
he now works at animasia in carlton , in melbourne 's north , where he reportedly sells japanese anime-inspired toys and runs model workshops in the school holidays .
it is not illegal for murray to work at the store because there are no laws that stop convicted paedophiles from working in shops with young customers .
when daily mail australia called animasia , the owner of the store did not wish to comment and said murray was not there .
victorian attorney general martin pakula told daily mail australia : ` like any parent i 'm extremely concerned at the prospect of this happening .
' mr pakula has asked the department of justice and regulation to review the definition of child related employment under the sex offenders registration act .
he said the act ` already includes commercial services and business activities , child photography , talent or beauty competitions - to ensure it covers relevant employment which involves contact with children that poses a threat to them .
' on a web forum called gunpla builders australia a colleague of murray 's at the animasia store posted in 2011 : ` animasia @ grattan street is finally online after 10,000 years of hiding under a rock !
-lsb- sic -rsb- .
' it is not illegal for murray to work at the store because there are no laws that stop convicted paedophiles from working