by .
john stevens .
the family of murdered honeymooner anni dewani said they were ` one step closer ' to justice last night as her husband was finally extradited to south africa .
millionaire british businessman shrien dewani will this morning appear in court in cape town where he will face allegations that he ordered the killing of his 28-year-old wife in november 2010 .
the 33-year-old from bristol had engaged in a marathon legal battle to block extradition claiming he was unwell , but last night he was flown out of the city 's airport .
scroll down for video .
the 33-year-old -lrb- right -rrb- and his father are pictured walking outside the bristol psychiatric hospital where he was being treated .
extradition : the millionaire british businessman had fought extradition for three-and-a-half years following the death of his wife , anni , in november 2010 .
above , dewani was flown to cape town in this plane tonight .
flight : but he was flown from britain to cape town at around 8pm to face charges that he ordered the killing of his 28-year-old swedish partner .
above , the plane prepares for take-off .
the care home owner from bristol had engaged in a marathon legal battle to block extradition claiming he was unwell , but last night he was flown out of bristol airport in a private jet last night , pictured .
dewani , a care home owner , was .
extradited at around 8pm and will arrive in cape town this morning , .
where he will be whisked straight to a brief court hearing to be .
formally charged .
newlywed anni dewani was shot as the couple travelled .
in a taxi near a township on the outskirts of cape town during their .
honeymoon .
her family last .
night spoke of their relief to see dewani being sent to south africa to .
face the allegations about his wife 's death , saying they have endured a .
` nightmare ' over the past three years .
her .
brother anish hindocha said : ` tonight we finally see him being sent on .
that flight and that is one step closer to finding out what happened to .
anni and why , so it is a relief for us .
` i .
would say i 'm