slated : the apprentice contestant alex mills .
he is the apprentice contestant best known for his bizarre plucked eyebrows -- dubbed ` guybrows ' .
but gravestone salesman alex mills has been accused of a shady business past which left hundreds of angry customers in his wake .
meanwhile a former boss claims mills ` fleeced ' his company and stole his clients .
on the bbc show , mills has been proud to boast of being just 19 when he set up prestige slate .
the web-based business sold stone signs and gravestones .
but hundreds of mills 's customers said their online orders took months to arrive -- or did not turn up at all .
trading standards in the vale of glamorgan , where prestige slate was based , confirmed they had received 146 official complaints since it was formed in 2010 .
mills was a director of the company until january this year .
cardiff-based mills founded prestige slate after leaving a job as an office manager at a stone and masonry business in the welsh capital .
and his former boss , who asked not to be named , said : ` he stole all my information , all my artwork , the pictures from my website and even a lot of my customers .
' he said mills had ` basically fleeced ' his business .
in a statement , mills said : ` i dispute this serious allegation and will take this up with my former employer .
' catherine watts , a musician from windsor , ordered a sign from prestige slate in 2011 and said she had been ` completely hoodwinked ' .
she said : ` i paid online and waited for it to arrive .
i am still waiting two years on .
` i hate the idea that so many people were taken in by this man and that he 's now on tv making out that he is a successful businessman .
' scroll down for video .
tv star : alex mills in the boardroom with rival natalie panayi .
it was a sentiment echoed by 53-year-old spencer lyon , who spent # 350 on a specially designed sign for his new home which took six months to arrive .
swathes of other prestige slate customers have taken to online forums to vent their frustration.trading