standing at a staggering 1,396 feet , it offers breathtaking views of new york , including central park , lower manhattan and the atlantic ocean .
this spectacular building is 432 park avenue , in midtown manhattan , which today became the tallest residential site in the western hemisphere .
designed by architect rafael viñoly , the 96-story condo offers 104 units , ranging in price from $ 16.95 million to a whopping $ 95million penthouse suite .
astonishingly , it towers over the empire state building -lrb- 1,250 ft -rrb- , the chrysler building -lrb- 1,046 ft -rrb- and one world trade center without its spire -lrb- 1,368 ft -rrb- .
scroll down for video .
stunning : this marble bathroom at 432 park avenue - which stands at a staggering 1,396 feet - offers a breathtaking view of new york .
sprawling : the building in midtown manhattan today became the tallest residential site in the western hemisphere .
above , is a living room in the skyscraper .
a view to wake up to : designed by architect rafael viñoly , the 96-story condo offers 104 units , ranging from $ 16.95 million to $ 95million .
tall : 432 park avenue -lrb- center -rrb- towers over the empire state building , the chrysler building and one world trade center without its spire .
this morning cim group and macklowe properties announced the topping out of the building , which will welcome its first residents next year .
for those lucky few who can afford to purchase a unit , they will be able to observe the stunning views from sprawling 10-foot-by-10-foot windows .
the units , all built over 365 feet and designed by deborah berke , also feature 12.5-foot ceilings , solid oak flooring and italian marble countertops .
and the rest of the building is just as impressive - with climate-controlled wine cellars , an outdoor terrace , a spa , a ` massage therapy room ' and a pool .
beautifully furnished : the building will welcome its first residents next year .
above , this unit features a telescope to look out over new york .
breathtaking : for those lucky few who can afford to purchase a unit , they will be able to observe the views from 10-foot-by-10-foot windows .
an immaculate kitchen : the units , all built over