ray parlour believes arsenal will be better equipped to mount a premier league title challenge next season if they finish this campaign by winning the fa cup .
the former england midfielder insists the players will benefit psychologically from ending the club 's nine-year wait for a trophy .
nobody in the squad has lifted silverware in england before .
parlour won three league titles , four fa cups , and one league cup during his 12-year career at arsenal and knows how success breeds success .
scroll down for video ... long time coming : arsenal have not won silverware since lifting the 2005 fa cup in cardiff .
in eight years under arsene wenger he won six trophies and is unwavering in his support for the frenchman , who last guided arsenal to silverware in 2005 .
parlour , who left the summer before that fa cup triumph , also played for hull city and says a win for steve bruce 's team would make history -- but it would affect the future for arsenal .
` they will be under a lot of pressure having not won anything for so long , ' says parlour .
` it would be really bad if that continued .
i 'm not sure what effect that might have .
the romford pele : ray parlour believes the gunners will challenge for the title if they win the fa cup .
` but on the other side , winning the fa cup would give players that confidence and belief .
a lot of them have n't won anything before and that can be a mental hurdle to overcome .
` i know , having experienced it , that lifting trophies in whatever competition makes your stronger , you 're then a winner .
i would expect victory to boost the team for a title challenge in the premier league next season .
' parlour believes more money will be spent in the transfer window , with the # 42.5 million capture of mesut ozil last summer a marker that years of saving are over .
he predicts wenger could be handed as much as # 100million to splash on reinforcements .
slip up ?
arsenal face underdogs hull city in the fa cup final at wembley on saturday .
we all know what arsene wenger has been working with at the