disgruntled : atlon nolen was allegedly angry about not getting a raise at work before he attacked .
the muslim convert accused of beheading a colleague in oklahoma has reportedly told cops he felt oppressed at work - particularly over not getting a raise .
alton nolen , a 30-year-old production line employee for vaughan foods in moore , was fired on thursday after getting in trouble for his performance and for trying to convert colleagues to islam , officials told cnn .
on monday , law enforcement officials were preparing to file a murder charge against nolen for walking back into vaughan foods after being fired and allegedly beheading 54-year-old grandmother colleen hufford .
he then allegedly began attacking 43-year-old traci johnson before being shot by mark vaughan , the company 's chiefoperating officer who is also a sheriff 's deputy .
johnson is expected to recover , while nolen underwent surgery and is also expected to survive .
authorities waited until he was coherent and could .
understand the charges before placing him under arrest on friday .
afternoon , they said .
he is also expected to face a charge of assault and battery with a deadly weapon for the stabbing of johnson .
the fbi is also looking into .
nolen 's background for any religious ties to the .
attack after colleagues said he had attempted to convert .
them to islam .
police said nolen had recently become a muslim .
the fbi investigation comes as islamist militants fighting .
in iraq and syria have released videos that purported to show .
the beheadings of two americans and a british aid worker .
scroll down for video .
scene : the production line worker was fired from vaughan food in moore , oklahoma on thursday before returning to the business to attack the first two people he came across .
the scene is pictured on thursday .
on nolen 's facebook page , listed under the name jah ` keem yisrael , he posted photos of osama bin laden and taliban fighters , along with posts condemning a variety of aspects of american life .
posts ranged from religious iconography to stock photography to even photos of supposed ufo activity .
it also included a graphic photo of a beheading .
on sunday , a woman who said she was nolen 's mother took