by .
martin beckford .
published : .
19:37 est , 3 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
19:37 est , 3 november 2012 .
prisoners have been given telephones inside their cells despite ministers promising to crack down on perks behind bars .
convicts at a young offender institution in kent have become the first in state-run jails to be given personal landlines that they buy credit to use at any time of day or night .
they can only ring numbers approved by the authorities and can not receive calls on the handsets , while the cost of installing them is being covered by bt .
talk time : prisoners across the country could have access to a phone in their cell if a new pilot scheme is successful .
if the pilot scheme is deemed a success it could be copied in public sector prisons across england and wales , having been used for several years in privately run institutions .
but it is taking place at the same time as the new justice secretary , chris grayling , has vowed to stop prisoners spending all day in their cells watching television or playing video games .
unions also fear that governors are putting phones in cells in order to reduce the amount of time that criminals spend on landings or communal areas , allowing them to reduce the number of guards required .
juliet lyon , director of the prison reform trust , said : `` greater use of it could transform prison education , resettlement and family contact but as a complement to , not a substitute for , good professional staffing .
`` no one wants big brother hi-tech prisons with everyone held behind their doors and no human interaction .
'' the deputy general secretary of the national association of probation officers , harry fletcher , said : `` there must be safeguards that these phones are not used to contact , harass or intimidate victims .
the same goes for drug dealing and organised crime .
'' justice secretary chris grayling wants to stop prisoners spending all day in their cells .
however he added that the move may reduce the number of mobile phones being smuggled into prisons .
until recently inmates had to queue up to use phones on prison landings if they wanted to speak to friends