by .
mail foreign service .
updated : .
06:39 est , 20 august 2011 .
militants in gaza launched a barrage of rockets at israel early this morning as the deadliest attack against israelis in three years threatened to escalate .
israeli aircraft had responded to yesterday 's attack , in which eight people died , by striking targets in the palestinian territory .
yesterday , gunmen who appear to have originated in gaza crossed into southern israel through the egyptian desert and ambushed civilian vehicles traveling on a remote road in southern israel .
rockets fired : members of an israeli bomb squad carry the remains of a rocket that was fired from the gaza strip into the coastal city of ashdod in israel this morning .
airstrikes : a plume of smoke rises above gaza city as israeli missiles hit in the hours after attacks by militants near eilat , southern israel .
injured : palestinians carry two wounded wounded boys into al-shifa hospital following the israeli air attacks on gaza city .
six of those killed were civilians and two were members of israeli security forces responding to the incursion .
the attack signaled a new danger for .
israel from its border with the sinai peninsula , which had long remained .
quiet under the rule of deposed egyptian leader hosni mubarak .
mubarak was ousted in february and .
since then the desert of the sinai peninsula - largely controlled by .
bedouin tribes - has become increasingly lawless .
hours after the initial attack israel .
responded with an airstrike that killed five members of the palestinian .
group that israel said was behind the incursion , an organisation known .
as the popular resistance committees .
the dead included the group 's .
leader .
a spokesman for the group , abu .
mujahid , would not confirm or deny responsibility for the attack inside .
israel , but said militants would avenge the killing of the men in gaza .
warnings : flares fired by the israeli army can be seen in the sky above the israeli village of elot near the southern city of eilat .
innocent victims : palestinians carry a wounded girl into al-shifa hospital following israeli air attacks on gaza city .
ruins : a palestinian man surveys the damage to his house after an israeli air