islamic extremists in syria and iraq could be defeated within six months if britain and america sent in ground troop , ex-army chief lord richards has claimed .
the former head of the armed forces said it was ` naïve ' to think isis could be overcome without ` boots on the ground ' and greater involvement by western armies .
david cameron has ruled out using ground troops in the conflict , as ministers stepped up calls for turkey to step in to defeat forces threatening a key town close to their border with syria .
scroll down for video .
former army chief lord richards said it was ` naive ' to think isis could be defeated without greater involvement by western forces .
there has been growing frustration among members of the us-led coalition being assembled against is at the reluctance of turkey to intervene , despite having forces positioned on the border .
but lord richards said western troops would need to be sent in to tackle the threat posed by isis .
he told huffington post : ` if western boots were on the ground , if western armies were to be applied to the problem -lsb- of islamic state -rsb- , it could be over in six months .
' he stressed that british soldiers being sent in was ` not going to happen , clearly ' but he said the option should remain on the table .
` the idea that you can make -lsb- the free syrian army or the peshmerga -rsb- successful in the time we have available to us ... without much more active and fulsome western involvement is , i think , naive .
' defence secretary michael fallon today called on turkey to do more to tackle the threat from islamic extremists on its border with syria .
the british government has insisted that the response to the rise of isis must involve an international coalition , including countries from the region .
there are growing fears that the lightly armed kurdish defenders in kobani - just inside syria - could be overrun by isis fighters .
defence secretary michael fallon today urged the turkish government to become more involved .
` turkey certainly could help .
it is a matter for turkey , but other allies in the region have been helping , ' he told the