a saudi man convicted of paralysing his best friend in a knife attack is being threatened with having his spinal cord cut in a tit-for-tat punishment .
the ultra-conservative desert kingdom enforces islamic law and on rare occasions issues punishments based on the ancient code of an ` eye-for-an-eye ' .
ali al-khawahir was 14 years old when he stabbed his friend in the backbone and has been imprisoned for 10 years .
despite the rash of ultra-modern buildings saudi arabia remains a deeply traditional country .
the desert kingdom follows islamic law and some sentences still follow the ancient code of an ` eye-for-an-eye ' he has been told that he will be sentenced to being fully paralysed himself unless he pays the victim blood money in a form of compensation , reported the saudi gazette .
originally the victim requested 2 million saudi riyal - more than half a million u.s. dollars - but it was later reduced to 1 million .
his mother has begged people to contribute money to the fund .
` ten years have passed with hundreds of sleepless nights .
my hair has become grey at a young age because of my son 's problem .
' i have been frightened to death whenever i think about my son 's fate and that he will have to be paralyzed , ' she said .
saudi .
arabia enforces strict islamic law and occasionally doles out .
punishments based on the ancient legal code of an eye for an eye .
punishment : ali al-khawahir was 14-years-old when he stabbed his friend in the backbone and has been imprisoned for 10 years .
in 2010 , abdul-aziz al-mutairi , 22 , was left paralysed and subsequently lost a foot after a fight more than two years ago .
he asked a judge in north-western tabuk province to impose an equivalent punishment on his attacker , his brother khaled al-mutairi told the associated press .
such ` eye for eye ' punishments are rarely carried out in saudi arabia , and saudi reformists are infuriated when such sentences are passed .
seven years ago a saudi court pardoned an indian man , abdul lateef noushad , whose eye was to be gouged out .
he had blinded another man in a fight over money .
the victim eventually pardoned the indian after the case threatened