why always me ?
it was mario balotelli who first asked the question of himself , and years later we 're still no closer to finding an answer .
the man just seems to be a magnet for everything : good and bad .
the centre of attention , like he 's involved in a little exhibition game all of his own .
and if we thought the white-hot atmosphere of istanbul 's ataturk stadium would make mario rein himself in a little after those penalty shenanigans in the first leg at anfield last week , we were very much mistaken .
liverpool striker mario balotelli looks over at manager brendan rodgers after being substituted .
rodgers failed to acknowledge balotelli after the striker was taken off in the 82nd minute .
balotelli shakes hands with the coaching staff after being replaced by adam lallana .
balotelli watches from the bench as the europa league tie goes into extra time .
balotelli with team-mates and coaching staff during the penalty shootout .
balotelli and sturridge could only watch the penalty shootout as they had been substituted .
even before a ball had been kicked , as liverpool 's players walked out on to the pitch in their tracksuits 90 minutes before kick-off to a cacophony of boos and whistles from a typically hostile besiktas crowd , the television cameras inevitably zoomed in on the volatile italian .
balotelli stared impassively ahead , blocking out the noise with the music on his headphones , and then spat on to the pitch as if on cue .
at that stage we did n't know that he would be starting alongside daniel sturridge in attack for only the second time , and the first since a 3-0 win at tottenham hotspur at the end of august .
there are many who have written off balotelli since then , and who 's to say liverpool would n't have considered cutting their losses and bringing in a replacement in january had sturridge not missed most of the season through injury ?
but brendan rodgers has persevered with a young man who exasperated even his old mentor roberto mancini at manchester city and there have been encouraging signs in recent weeks , a late winner against tottenham preceding the only goal against besiktas at anfield .
mario balotelli of liverpool is pushed by serdar kurtulus of