by .
anthony bond .
published : .
08:53 est , 5 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
02:51 est , 6 february 2013 .
locked up : rogue tradesman jason costner , 41 , threatened and intimidated frightened elderly customers into paying for unfinished work .
a ` drunken ' builder who threatened frightened elderly customers into paying for unfinished work has been jailed .
rogue tradesman jason costner left a 73-year-old man with a hole in his roof over a snowy christmas , and a 77-year-old woman with no water for five months .
the 41-year-old problem drinker , of saltburn , north yorkshire , was locked up for 18 months at teesside crown court yesterday after pleading guilty to ten charges of fraud .
recorder brian cox told costner : ` you were threatening and offensive , and it is clear from the evidence that the complainants were intimidated by you and you must have been aware of that .
these were elderly , vulnerable victims .
' prosecutor rebecca brown said the pair of pensioners were taken in by his offers to do work for them .
costner told the man that he would repair his roof for free , although he ended up paying a total of # 1,876 .
he began by saying that the roof needed re-pointing , during which he broke a window and he charged him # 145 for a new frame .
costner said that it also needed new tiles and lead flashing , which he failed to complete .
miss brown said that the roof was left exposed over christmas 2010 during heavy snow , and when costner spoke to the man 's insurers he pocketed the # 750 payout .
no work was done , and costner told him that scaffolding was needed .
the man handed over more money but nothing appeared .
the man finally hired somebody else to finish the job , and it was completed in a day for just # 60 .
the woman , who had known costner when he was her window cleaner , ended up paying him # 520 after she asked him to fix her television aerial .
she needed work done in her bathroom , and costner removed the tiles and pulled the sink away from the wall .
miss brown said : ` for five