by .
dan bloom .
for twin boys who were separated in a life-threatening operation , it 's no surprise their favourite film star was an amputee .
now hussein and hassan benhaffaf , once conjoined from chest to pelvis , have met their hero - a dolphin who lost her tail when she was just a calf .
the four-year-olds from county cork , ireland , were on holiday at florida 's clearwater marine aquarium where they met winter the bottlenose dolphin , star of the 2011 family film dolphin tale .
heartwarming : hussein -lrb- left -rrb- and hassan benhaffaf meet their screen hero - a dolphin who lost her tail .
we 're not too different : while the twins -lrb- pictured left with their two sisters -rrb- were separated in a life-threatening operation at just five months , winter the dolphin was three months old when her tail had to be amputated .
the twins were separated in a rare operation at great ormond street hospital in february 2010 when they were just five months old .
they had their liver , bladder , gut and intestine divided in a highly complex procedure which was described at the time as a near-miraculous success .
they have been under the knife several times since and hussein returned to the london hospital last summer to undergo surgery for an incisional hernia , believed to have been caused by wounds from the first operation not fully healing .
his mother angie benhaffaf said last year : ` it 's the first time since they were separated that i 've absolutely feared i 'd lose one of them .
' i worried that hussein was n't going to live through that night .
i was terrified .
' rare condition : the twins were born with their liver , bladder , gut and intestine all joined .
fragile : the plight of the boys captured the hearts of the nation after they were split at a london hospital .
bouncing toddlers : the twins pictured three years on from the operation in carrigtwohill , county cork , ireland .
angie and her husband azzedine work as full-time carers to the twins .
she said : ` some days i wake up and feel that it 's all too much , too tough .
then i remind myself that i have