by .
tamara cohen .
published : .
22:03 est , 23 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:48 est , 24 april 2013 .
thousands of mmr vaccines have been stockpiled by the government so anyone who has not had the jab can be immunised , it emerged last night .
health secretary jeremy hunt told mps there was a ` national plan ' in place in response to the epidemic in swansea , where the number of measles cases has risen to 886 .
he said : ' i want to reassure you we are taking this extremely seriously .
in terms of making sure we have sufficient numbers of vaccines , ensure that we are talking in a targeted way to communities and to schools , that 's absolutely going on .
' health secretary jeremy hunt has told mps that thousands .
of mmr vaccines have been stockpiled by the government so anyone who has .
not had the jab can be immunised .
he told mps on the commons health select committee yesterday that ` making sure we have sufficient numbers ' of the combined measles , mumps and rubella vaccine was ` absolutely going on ' , the times reported .
mr hunt was asked about whether there would be a national mmr vaccination campaign by tory mp dr sarah wollaston , a former gp , who said in parts of her devon constituency 30 per cent of children had not had it .
dr wollaston said it was time for a ` national vaccination campaign ' which would tell parents that by vaccinating their children ` you protect the whole community ' .
health officials are expected to announce shortly a ` catch-up ' programme for people who have not been immunised .
the number of people infected with measles has shot up by more than 78 in just than five days , health officials have confirmed .
last week the disease claimed its first victim - a 25-year-old father-of-one from swansea .
doctors warned this week that two million children are at risk of catching measles if the latest outbreak spreads .
they said london , where nearly half of children have not had the jab , could be worst hit if cases of the disease spread from wales .
teenagers aged 13 to 15 are most at risk ,