the woman killed in a horror crash involving reality tv star bruce jenner once appeared in a music video alongside elvis presley , it has been revealed .
kim howe , 69 , died after her car was hit head-on by a hummer earlier this month , with investigators looking into whether jenner rear-ended her vehicle , causing it to cross into the oncoming lane .
now it has been revealed that widow ms howe made a short appearance in 1967 movie double trouble , starring elvis presley , when she danced with the king himself .
scroll down for video .
happier times : kim howe , the 69-year-old who died in a multi-car pileup earlier this month involving bruce jenner , once appeared in a film alongside elvis presley -lrb- pictured left -rrb- .
ms howe was killed while driving along pacific coast highway on february 7 .
during a pile-up her white lexus -lrb- pictured -rrb- was forced into oncoming traffic and hit by a hummer , killing her .
in her early 20s , ms howe is seen dressed as a traditional german frauline holding a stein of beer with her long blonde hair tied up in a bun .
she features on screen a few moments into the song i love only one girl , as elvis walks down the steps of a bandstand and into a dancing crowd before walking up to her .
the king takes her hand , they raise their glasses and then perform a short dance , during which time ms howe can be seen beaming at the music star .
elivs grabs a bouquet of flowers from a passing seller , hands them to ms howe , and then walks off while continuing the song .
according to gossip site tmz this was one of the highlights of ms howe 's life , as she does not appear to have starred in any other film or tv projects .
ms howe lived alone in a $ 2.5 million house in calabsas , los angeles , following the death of her husband robert in 2003 .
the pair had no children , but ms howe was reported to own a dog .
more details of ms howe 's past emerged as police revealed they have not yet determined who started the car accident which lead to her death .
law