by .
lucy waterlow .
and bianca london .
published : .
08:43 est , 3 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:55 est , 3 june 2013 .
british beauties hoping to set sail to the miss world final in indonesia have arrived in torquay , devon , to compete for the coveted miss england crown .
sixty beauty queens from across the country are vying for the title in a four day contest where they will have to participate in various rounds including the eco-fashion round - where contestants have to make their own green outfit - and the evening gown round .
the models were still given the opportunity to show off their figures today as they hit the beach and posed on a yacht in the english riviera to promote the competition .
watch out , pamela anderson !
finalists of miss england 2013 competition gather on torre abbey sands , torquay for a photo shoot .
all together : the finalists showed off their swimwear in preparation of the beach beauty competition .
the final will be held in torquay this year as it is the home of last year 's winner , charlotte holmes .
she joined the pretenders to her crown at the beach today where the finalists took part in a baywatch-style shoot running along the sea front in red and white swimwear .
she has relished her year as the reigning title-holder as the role has given her the opportunity to travel the world as an ambassador for a number of charities .
she also travelled to the miss world final to represent england - as will this year 's winner who will have the chance to take part in the beauty pageant in indonesia .
jump !
the glamorous girls will compete for the title of the ` beach beauty ' and the winner will go through to the top 15 finalists at the miss england finals .
glamorous : finalists of miss england 2013 competition , miss newcastle , rachelle graham , 22 , left , miss liverpool , jade bulmer , 18 , centre , and miss north london , kirsty heslewood , 24 , make a splash .
big day : finals will be held at the torquay riviera international conference on the 15th and 16th of june 2013 .
but charlotte warned the miss