last month he said that an ` iraq first ' attack was the best means to combat isis , but obama has reportedly developed a new strategy to defeat the al qaeda splinter group - starting with the removal of syrian president bashar al assad .
senior white house officials have told cnn that the national security team has met four times , including one meeting chaired by obama , to orchestrate the new strategy .
the u.s. and many of its allies see president assad as the reason isis have been able to gain strength in syria .
obama 's initial approach was to fight isis on the ground in iraq while the government put together their own rebel force that could go after the group .
scroll down for video .
turnaround : obama has reportedly been forced to overhaul his strategy on how to deal with isis following much criticism , changing from fighting them on the ground in iraq to removing syrian president bashar al assad -lrb- left -rrb- .
however the white house has subsequently run out of time , cnn reported .
` the long running syria problem is now compounded by the reality that to genuinely defeat -lrb- isis -rrb- , we need not only a defeat in iraq but a defeat in syria , ' the senior sources told cnn .
` developments on the ground have caused the national security team to collectively conclude we may not have time for iraq first .
` in an ideal world you would drive -lrb- isis -rrb- out of iraq and pivot to syria .
` but if by then the moderate opposition has been smacked and -lrb- isis -rrb- is still there , that does n't help .
' embarrassingly , pentagon spokesman rear admiral john kirby told cnn that the u.s. have not yet started preparing their syrian opposition fighters , despite announcing the plan four months ago .
the plan asked congress for $ 500 million to train and equip the 5,000 vetted rebels over the space of one year - but nothing has been done .
` the vetting has n't started , ' admirable kirby said .
threats : isis have released videos showing the deaths of captives such as james foley , pictured above .
they have been exclusively from the united kingdom and the u.s. - whose