in an era where the quest for eternal youth is never ending , we happily pop pills , down potions and spend a fortune on face cream .
but would you be brave enough to drink your own urine if it made you look ten years younger ?
one 91-year-old man insists this home-brewed elixir is the key to his youthful appearance and active lifestyle .
mark ambrose , who ` lives in sin ' with .
his 87-year-old partner joyce , in the south of spain , sips his way .
through a tumbler of the liquid every day .
elixir ?
mark ambrose , who ` lives in sin ' with his 87-year-old partner joyce , sips his way through a tumber of his own urine every day .
he believes this is the key to his youthful appearance and active lifestyle .
he also dabs it on wounds as he believes it can aid the healing process .
mr ambrose told mailonline : ` joyce and i both have serious health problems which have to be coped with .
' i have a badly damaged spine and she suffers from macular disease , knees that really need replacements and other complaints normally associated with elderly people .
` nonetheless , we lead a very active life with friends saying i look a lot less than my age , and my partner possessing remarkable energy and looking no more than 65-70 years of age .
' the former publicity director said : ` as far i 'm concerned , i am convinced that urine therapy , which i started practicing over three years ago , is mainly responsible for my younger appearance .
' mr ambrose admits he stumbled across the so-called fountain of youth by accident while searching the internet for a cure for back pain .
he explained : ` i 'd already undergone three lumber .
operations in the uk and in spain with the specialists admitting they .
could do nothing more for me apart from trying out different painkilling medicines .
mr ambrose also dabs urine on wounds as he believes it can aid the healing process .
` with nothing to lose , i thought i 'd try the therapy to help to obtain a better quality of life for my remaining years .
' he eagerly began researching what needed to