by .
bianca london for mailonline .
many men attempt to emulate their style - but so obsessed are some with harry styles and david beckham that they 're going to great lengths to copy their hair , too .
hair salons have seen a 200 per cent increase in the number of men seeking hair extensions to add length and thickness to their tresses .
citing harry styles , oliver cheshire and david beckham as their hair inspiration , it appears more and more men are searching for instant - yet subtle - ways to add volume to thin , fine hair .
going to great lengths to copy their idols : hair salons have seen a 200 per cent increase in the number of men seeking hair extensions to add length and thickness to their tresses to look like david beckham , left , and harry styles .
london hair salon paul edmonds has seen a spike in men requesting micro bond extensions , which are specially placed to add volume to hair while remaining invisible to the eye .
the salon say that men are desperate to attain the kind of heavy fringe that can be slicked back a la harry , oliver and david .
men suffering from thinning hair and receding hair lines are also seeking the extensions , which last around five weeks .
get the look : men request hair like oliver cheshire , left , and justin bieber 's and one company estimates that some 10 per cent of its # 4m hair extension sales are to males .
paul edmonds recently welcomed jonathan rhys meyers into their salon , where he received micro bond extensions for a film he is starring in with johnny depp .
leeds-based company great lengths has also witnessed a sharp increase in the amount of men wanting to add length and thickness to their locks via hair extensions , estimating that some 10 per cent of its # 4m hair extension sales are to males .
joel silverman , senior stylist at jo hansford salon , added : ` hair extensions are popular to use as a temporary fix for tv and films , and although we have n't really noticed this carry through to our salon clients , we have seen an increase in male clients enquiring about hair thickening treatments and shampoos .
'