by .
emma innes .
published : .
12:42 est , 2 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
18:11 est , 2 september 2013 .
surgeons have used ground-breaking 3d technology to help rebuild a patient 's face after she developed a life-threatening tumour behind her eye .
ann o'sullivan , 69 , visited her gp about a sinus problem only to discover her headaches were actually caused by an aggressive tumour that had been spreading undetected across the left side of her face .
maxillofacial surgeons at st george 's hospital , in tooting , south london , had to remove a large portion of her jaw , her left eye , and numerous teeth to get rid of the cancer .
ann o'sullivan had to have part of her jaw , her left eye and some of her teeth removed after doctors found a tumour spreading across her face .
image shows a 3d scan of her face .
once this procedure was complete , they began the painstaking work of reconstructing of her face using innovative computer technology to rebuild the damaged area .
the technology allowed the team to electronically scan the opposite side of her face to build a 3d profile that surgeons could then replicate .
mrs o'sullivan said : ` i 've always been healthy so it came as a shock when the doctor referred me to hospital where the scan revealed a tumour .
the hardest thing to take was the loss of my left eye .
` the surgeons told me it was just rotten luck but that i was lucky the tumour had been growing outwards rather than inwards .
` my father died of cancer but i was told that many types of cancer were now curable as long as they are caught early enough .
' mrs o'sullivan said : ¿ the hospital offered me a false eye but i don ¿ t want that .
i ¿ m as fixed as i ¿ m going to be and that ¿ s good enough ¿ .
mrs o'sullivan underwent a ten-hour operation at the hospital 's specialist maxillofacial unit which specialises in reconstructive surgery including facial trauma , deformity and head and neck cancer .
the operation involved surgeons taking a portion of bone from her leg to reconstruct her jaw , and a number of