by .
daily mail reporter .
vietnam has accused a chinese vessel of ramming and sinking a vietnamese fishing boat near a controversial oil rig in the south china sea .
tensions are already dangerously high after china moved an oil rig near an island chain in the south china sea at the centre of a territorial dispute between the two neighbours .
today hanoi accused a chinese vessel of ramming the wooden vietnamese boat and then fleeing the scene .
this file picture taken on may 14 , 2014 from a vietnamese coast guard ship shows a chinese coast guard vessel -lrb- l -rrb- sailing near a chinese oil rig in disputed waters in the south china sea .
beijing said the vietnamese boat was trying to get close to the oil rig , rammed into one of its vessels , and then sank .
the crew was rescued .
the clash occurred around 18 miles south-southwest of the large oil rig that china deployed on may 1 in waters both nations claim .
the rig deployment infuriated hanoi and set off violent anti-china protests that further soured ties between the neighboring communist countries with close economic relations .
a vietnamese coast guard officer taking a picture of a china coast guard ship moving toward the vietnamese ship near to the site of a chinese drilling oil rig -lrb- file photo .
vietnam sent patrol ships to confront the rig , and china has deployed scores of vessels to protect it .
the two sides have been involved in a tense standoff , occasionally colliding with each other .
china and vietnam have long sparred over who owns what in the oil - and gas-rich waters .
incidents between fishing crews are quite common , but monday 's incident was the first time a vietnamese boat had been sunk , said tran van linh , president of the fisheries association in the central port city of danang .
' i call this an act of attempted murder because the chinese sank a vietnamese fishing boat and then ran away , ' linh said .
` we vehemently protest this perverse , brutal and inhumane action by chinese side .
' linh said about 40 chinese steel vessels surrounded a group of smaller , wooden vietnamese fishing ships on monday afternoon .
he said one then rammed into the vietnamese