a former young liberal vice president has been forced to quit the party after it was revealed he was once involved with a neo-nazi organisation .
pictures have emerged of scott harrison making a ` heil hitler ' nazi salute at a skinhead event in 2010 , while he 's previously called on white people to carry firearms for intimidating ` racial enemies ' .
mr harrison was the vice president of the young liberals in geelong , 75km southwest of melbourne , and was also active in campaigning for key marginal liberal candidates , including tony mcmanus in lara and ron nelson in bellarine , both in south-western victoria .
the age reported on wednesday that mr harrison had resigned from the liberal party after they learned of his former affiliation with neo-nazis , and now more evidence has surfaced about his former affiliation with the movement .
scott harrison -lrb- right -rrb- pictured with victoria premier denis napthine in march this year at a deakin university young liberals event .
news surfaced on wednesday that harrison was formerly affiliated with the neo nazi movement .
scott harrison , centre , at a neo-nazi gathering in 2010 .
the image was featured on anti-facist blog which exposed more of the liberal campaigners sordid past .
an anti-fascist blog run by andy flemming has released some of mr harrison 's posts on neo-nazi community websites , as well as the salute image , which comes from a gathering of the hammerksins group in 2010 .
mr harrison , who works as an it support technician , was also an influential figure in the church of creativity , another white supremacist nazi group founded in the 1970s .
he was vocal on forums such as stormfront , which was linked to a spate of anti-semitic hate mail in sydney that made news around the world .
in an article for the church magazine , mr harrison alleged that the port arthur massacre , the deadliest shooting in the history of the english speaking world , was ` another jewish lie ' .
he also claimed ` it should be a key objective of creators to awaken the white race to the realities of the port arthur massacre and the need for white people to remain armed and dangerous in the eyes of our racial enemies ' .
mr harrison initially joined