by .
chris pleasance .
from concentration camps to starvation and public executions , life inside north korea is often thought of as a harsh and brutal existence .
but as this set of pictures shows , the closed off country can also be picturesque and even beautiful despite the dictatorial regime of leader kim jong-un .
the images were taken by danish photographer ulrik pedersen , who spent two weeks travelling around the one-party state last month .
welcome to north korea : photographer ulrik pedersen has captured the softer side of the isolated nation , including air hostesses from state-owned air koryo that met him before his flight in .
just married : this newlywed couple couple are photographed sitting on the grass near a fountain in pyongyang , north korea , just after their big day .
the picture project captured the softer side of north korea , including this couple heading to get married in the capital pyongyang -lrb- left -rrb- and these family pictures hanging on the wall of a house in chilbosan in the country 's north .
among the snaps were idyllic-looking shots of farmland and countryside taken as pedersen passed above it in a plane while on his travels .
the series includes shots of flight attendants from air koryo , north korea 's national airline , young women relaxing in the kaeson youth park , and a marriage ceremony with the bride in an ornate pink gown .
the trip included a chartered plane flight to the north of the country , allowing pedersen to capture aerial images showcasing the country 's natural beauty .
but while these pictures may appear to show a softer side to the country , the new york-based photographer is well aware that he was shielded from the true harshness of life under the regime .
despite the tranquil experience , pedersen said the journey left him convinced that north korea is actually worse than most people think because they are hiding so much .
pedersen said that , while he was allowed to take more pictures than he originally thought , his travel was extremely restricted and carried out to a set itinerary .
big news : kim jong-un covered the front pages state-owned newspaper the pyongyang times after winning an election in which every single vote went to him .
one for the photo