police were forced to subdue a 100-strong angry mob which had gathered on a street where a one-month-old baby boy was allegedly raped and battered so badly his heart stopped .
the infant remained in a serious condition today after allegedly suffering multiple horrific injuries in gravesend , kent , in one of britain 's worst cases of child abuse .
the boy 's injuries are reported to include a broken arm , broken collarbone , punctured lungs and severe bruising .
he is also believed to have had his ribs fractured .
prayers : more candles and flowers are placed outside the house where the one-month-old baby boy was allegedly beaten and abused in gravesend , kent .
vigil : a well-wisher observes the tributes outside the semi-detached house in gravesend , where the baby boy was allegedly abused .
he also reportedly suffered sexual injury and internal wounds , suggesting rape .
there has been no official confirmation of the extent of his alleged injuries .
a group which initially gathered outside the # 150,000 semi-detached house where the attack allegedly took place started a candlelit vigil , which soon led to damage as emotions ran high .
a man aged 35 and a woman aged 33 were arrested and released on police bail .
one of those involved in the vigil said they had gone to a house where they believed a man arrested in connection with the incident was staying with his family after he was released on police bail .
those taking part said the group marched round to the house before objects were thrown at the property and a car on the driveway damaged .
a second successive candlelit vigil was held for the baby boy on sunday night , as over 100 residents in gravesend gathered outside the house where he was allegedly abused .
well-wishers released chinese lanterns into the sky and held a minute 's silence , following similar scenes the night before .
the little boy is currently on life support in hospital after suffering a heart attack .
he was last night said to be ` showing signs of improvement ' after being transferred to king 's college hospital in south london , but is not being named .
lookout : kent police were called to the scene of the vigil on saturday night where a house was reportedly