president barack obama will embark on another fundraising trip today - his second since the downing of malaysia airlines flight 17 - leading a top democrat to join the chorus of lawmakers voicing concerns that the commander in chief 's priorities are misplaced .
asked about obama 's three-day fundraising swing down the west coast this week , california sen. dianne feinstein said yesterday that the president ought to put more energy into working with the international community to tackle the conflicts in syria and iraq , the ukraine and gaza .
` this is a very hard time , ' she told msnbc .
` i 'm not going to tell the president what to do , but i think the world would very much respect his increased attention on this matter , and i think there ought to be increased attention .
' campaigner in chief : president barack obama boards air force one at andrews air force base in maryland , just before flying off to seattle , washington , to fundraisers benefiting the democratic party .
meanwhile , secretary of state john kerry is in cairo , meeting with egyptian president abdel fattah al-sisi trying to negotiate a ceasefire between israel and hamas .
after learning of the malaysia airlines crash last week , the president grabbed a burger and gave two speeches to donors in new york .
the white house said the president talked to the relevant world leaders on the phone during his trip to new york on air force one and spoke with secretary of state john kerry and his national security team on the ground before continuing on to the fundraisers .
but that was n't enough for arizona sen. john mccain , who sits on the armed services committee .
' i do n't understand this president ... this is what we used to call in the military a-w-o-l , ' mccain , a former military pow told fox .
news .
` there 's a direct loss of american lives here .
and the president goes to a fundraiser ?
help me out .
' it was later determined that only one american was among the 298 people killed with the plane that was shot down over the ukraine but that information had not yet been disclosed at the time of mccain 's remarks .
president obama will tie