by .
james chapman .
tony blair speaking at bloomberg in london yesterday : the former pm 's role in the delay of the chilcot inquiry into the iraq war has been questioned .
a long-delayed report on the iraq war is unlikely to see the light of day until after the next general election , according to well-placed sources .
despite growing anger over the wait for publication of sir john chilcot 's investigation into the 2003 conflict , it is now not expected to be ready until early next year .
whitehall sources suggest that with an election due in may 2015 , it will be deemed too politically difficult to publish it until after voters have gone to the polls .
labour strategists are said to be alarmed at the prospect of voters being reminded of the iraq war in the months before the election , since the conflict was blamed for driving many of its voters to the liberal democrats in 2005 and 2010 .
lord morris , a former labour attorney general , yesterday called for ` clarification ' on whether tony blair , gordon brown or the cabinet office were involved in the delay .
he insisted mr blair must not be allowed to stymie the release of the report -- a charge the former prime minister firmly denied .
sir john , who was asked to investigate the iraq war by mr brown in 2009 , last took evidence from a witness three years ago .
he warned david cameron in november that it was ` regrettable ' that a deal could not be agreed on the disclosure of communications between mr blair and george w bush , the us president at the time of the iraq war .
the prime minister said he hoped the issues would be ` concluded as soon as possible ' .
but there is speculation in whitehall that the process of declassifying documents , including mr blair 's correspondence with president bush before the war , remains stalled .
it is thought that no one involved has so far received a letter from the inquiry as part of the so-called ` maxwellisation ' process -- the legal requirement to notify individuals who are criticised in a government-commissioned report .
one source said : ` it 's certainly not going to be ready before the end of the