indiana sophomore devin davis is improving after being struck by a teammate 's car and suffering a head injury , the school said sunday .
the university issued a news release quoting team physician dr. larry rink as saying davis was ` doing better ' sunday morning and had benefited from uninterrupted rest .
` his speech is normal and he has the use of all extremities , ' rink said .
accident : indiana university basketball player devin davis -lrb- left -rrb- was hospitalized this weekend after accidentally being struck by teammate emmitt holt 's -lrb- right -rrb- suv outside memorial stadium .
sophomore davis pictured above in the november 4 , 2013 ncaa college exhibition game against hillsdale .
the news release did not indicate the 19-year-old 's medical condition .
he had been listed in serious condition saturday at iu health bloomington hospital .
bloomington police say they found davis unconscious early saturday after he was struck by an suv driven by teammate emmitt holt outside of memorial stadium .
they say holt had dropped off davis and was driving away when davis re-entered the roadway about 12:45 a.m. and collided with the front passenger side of the suv .
coach tom crean issued a statement sunday , saying the team was looking forward to davis 's continued recovery .
` too often in life , we all take for granted the simple tasks of opening our eyes , processing thoughts and putting a simple sentence together , ' crean said .
` in our program , we routinely emphasize to our players that everything matters and watching devin improve just over the last 36 hours has furthered our belief in that approach .
' crean said the davis family and the team appreciated ` the concern , calls , texts , and thoughts and prayers we have received .
' davis ' family also issued a statement sunday night .
` as all parents can understand , the last 40 + hours have been difficult for us and for all of those who care about our son .
devin 's condition is improving and we know that there is a road to recovery ahead , ' the family said .
scene : holt was dropping davis outside of memorial stadium -lrb- pictured -rrb- early saturday morning when the incident happened .
holt was cited for underage