this disturbing image appears to show two headless bodies dumped on the streets of mexico city .
in the photograph , two bodies - both wrapped in plastic and bound with tape - can be seen lying on the side of a road in nezahualcoyotl , mexico city .
both of the unidentified corpses appear to be headless in the image .
according to local media , the crime scene was first cordoned off on sunday morning - shortly after the bodies were discovered .
two bodies were dumped wrapped in plastic and bound in tape were discovered on the streets of nezahualcoyotl , mexico city on sunday .
neither have been identified .
they were found in the nezahualcoyotl neighborhood - an area on the outskirts of mexico city that is known for its high crime rate and gang culture .
the two appear to be further victims of drugs cartels - which are common in the area .
mexico city and its surrounding states have long be gripped by violence on the streets - with much of it linked to members of drugs cartels who battle over their ` patches ' .
many towns in the area now have groups of vigilantes who attempt to enforce the law on such groups .
only last week , mexican authorities confirmed four human heads were found in a town in michoacan - a state west of mexico city .
the western state is home to hundreds of vigilantes - many of which sprang up a year ago to drive out members of drugs cartel the knights templar .
a federal official said police investigators also found a threatening note along with the human remains - but would n't reveal its content .
last week four human heads were found in zacan , michoacan .
the state is home to hundreds of vigilantes - many of whom are attempting to drive out members of drugs cartels .
he confirmed the bodies belonged to four men aged between 22 and 55 .
vigilantes began rising up against the knights templar in february 2013 .
last month , the mexican government effectively legalized the movement after an agreement was reached with group leaders to incorporate the armed civilian groups into quasi-military groups .
last september , six severed human heads were found over two days in the town of los reyes - also