they make elegance look effortless when they step on to the red carpet .
now helen mirren and meryl streep have been credited with inspiring older women to embrace more youthful fashion .
next said its clothing sales have been boosted by older customers wanting to wear the latest trends and copy their celebrity role models ' ageless style .
scroll down for video .
despite the 43 year age gap between the two helen mirren looks just as good in a floor length red lace dress as 23-year-old singer rita ora .
helen mirren , 69 , looking elegant at the weekend at the premiere of the hundred foot journey this week and elizabeth banks , 40 , at the toronto film festival in a bold co-ord trouser suit by chloe .
helen mirren in a figure-hugging red dress and leopard print court shoes at this year 's gq awards and victoria beckham , 40 , at new york fashion week in a skirt from her own collection .
it claimed women around the age of 60 are now choosing the same items as those aged 40 and under , as the generations become blurred .
chief executive lord wolfson said that while older customers might once have shied away from certain styles , they no longer see their age as a barrier .
` there is no longer the same fashion cut-off of a few years ago , ' he said .
` i do n't think people nowadays think , `` i ca n't buy that '' .
age is becoming less of a determining factor .
as our business grows we are seeing more customers come in of different ages -- and an increasing proportion do n't see their age as preventing them following trends .
' meryl streep has a patriotic moment in the same catherine malandrino stars and stripes shirt dress worn by 35-year-old actress tatyana ali .
meryl streep made a bold choice for the 2012 academy awards , opting for a gold lanvin dress with a plunging neckline , rivalling the fashion credentials of much younger stars like hilary swank .
meryl streep , 65 , shows off her shoulders in a stella mccartney creation at the screen actors guild awards and kate moss , 40 , stepping out in london today in black skinny jeans and a leopard print scarf .