women who shave their bikini lines risk complications such as infections , burns , severe itching , rashes or cuts , a new study has warned .
u.s. researchers found that 87 per cent of women currently remove all or some of their pubic hair , with the majority using a razor , while the rest admitted to getting a bikini wax at least once in their life .
almost two thirds -lrb- 60 per cent -rrb- of the women also reported experiencing at least one health-related complication , which also included invisible cuts to the skin called epidermal abrasions , ingrown hairs , bruises or allergies .
scroll down for video .
u.s. researchers found that almost two thirds of women surveyed experienced at least one health complication as a result of removing their public hair , such as infections , burns , severe itching , rashes or cuts .
overweight and obese women were found to be twice as likely to experience a complication than their slimmer counterparts and three times more likely if they removed all of their pubic hair rather than just some of it .
for the new research , women who received care from april to june 2012 at two publicly funded clinics in the texas gulf coast region were asked questions about their pubic hair removal via a questionnaire .
in total , the data of 333 women was used , and they were all aged 16 - 40 years old and of differing ethnicities .
researchers found only 4 per cent of all the women had ever seen a health care provider for a complication related to their pubic hair removal , and only 4 per cent had discussed how to safely remove their hair with a professional .
previous studies have found that waxing a bikini line increases the risk of contracting an std .
black and hispanic women were less likely than white women to report complications , the study found .
despite the complications , only 44 of the women surveyed said they used to remove their hair but had stopped .
the most common reason cited by 41 per cent of these women was disliking the side effects , which included stubble , bumps , rashes , or ingrown hairs .
other reasons were too much of a hassle -lrb- 25 per cent -rrb- , lack of sexual