almost # 15million of public money has been paid out in compensation to immigrants unlawfully detained in the uk , official figures have revealed .
the home office paid out the vast sum over the past three years alone , immigration minister james brokenshire admitted .
former coalition minister sarah teather , who uncovered the figures , accused the home office of treating people inhumanely by detaining them indefinitely and costing the taxpayer millions in the process .
sarah teather is chairing a cross-party inquiry into immigration detention and said evidence from former detainees had revealed the ` hugely damaging ' cost of being held with no time limit .
ms teather is chairing a cross-party inquiry into immigration detention and said evidence from former detainees had revealed the ` hugely damaging ' cost of being held with no time limit .
the liberal democrat mp said : ` that the home office have had to pay out nearly # 15 million over three years for breaking the law when detaining people shows that they are unable to even comply with their own rules .
` the uk is the only country in the eu that does n't have a time limit on how long people can be kept in immigration detention but it appears that the home office would sometimes rather detain people indefinitely than treat them humanely , even if this ends up costing the taxpayer millions of pounds .
` but these figures should n't obscure the considerable emotional and mental cost that not knowing how long you might be detained for , or if you 're going to be deported tomorrow , or moved hundreds of miles away to a different detention centre , has on detainees .
' mr brokenshire said that in 2011-12 # 4.5 million was paid out , with the figure rising to # 5 million in 2012-13 , before falling again to # 4.8 million in 2013-14 .
the figures follow criticism of the government 's decision last month to allow outsourcing giant serco to continue running a controversial immigration detention centre for women .
yarl 's wood in in bedfordshire has faced heavy criticism by human rights campaigners amid reports of sexual misconduct by staff , women being detained for long periods and pregnant detainees being held without justification .
after greece , the uk made the highest use of