by .
alex gore .
published : .
06:11 est , 10 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
12:57 est , 10 december 2012 .
a 75-year-old patient has died after an ambulance taking her to hospital slipped off the road on suspected black ice and crashed into a deep dyke .
the woman was being taken to the pilgrim hospital in boston , lincs , when the vehicle crashed just before 3am today .
lincolnshire police said the ambulance left the a16 at sibsey just three miles from the hospital .
it was not using its blue lights or sirens when it crashed and was travelling at normal road speed .
crash : the ambulance came off the a16 in lincolnshire and dropped into a 15ft-high irrigation ditch .
recovery : the ambulance is lifted from the ditch running alongside the main grimsby to boston road .
tragedy : the vehicle tilted 45 degrees onto its side and wedged in the dyke above the water level .
officers are investigating if there .
was black ice on the main grimsby to boston road at the time of the .
accident .
no other vehicle was involved in the crash and no arrests have .
been made .
the pensioner died at the scene after the ambulance left the road and dropped into the 15 ft high irrigation ditch .
the .
two-man crew of the ambulance were also treated for minor injuries .
after the vehicle tilted 45 degrees on to its side and wedged in the .
dyke above the water level .
smash : the damaged vehicle is driven away from the scene of the crash on the back of a truck .
investigation : no other vehicles were involved in the crash and no arrests have been made .
police are investigating if the .
driver lost control on a right hand bend , close to the junction with .
high ferry lane , after slipping on black ice .
residents have also .
reported freezing rain falling in the area .
a sharp frost was not forecast in urban areas overnight , with temperatures falling to around three degrees celsius in boston .
but .
it is thought temperatures may have dropped below freezing on the rural .
stretch of road where the crash occurred , half a mile outside the .
village