the stepdaughter of a war veteran was banned from wearing a t-shirt paying tribute to the lives lost on september 11 , 2001 because it violated her school 's dress code .
the sixth-grader , who has not been named , was told by administrators in the orangevale , california , school system that she was to instead wear her school uniform as normal .
the 11-year-old 's stepfather , tim foster , said his family wear the shirt every year to mark the anniversary of the attack on the twin towers .
the shirt displays the names of those who lost their lives and says : ` in darkness we shine brightest ' .
war veteran tim foster whose stepdaughter was told by california school administrators that she could n't wear a t-shirt paying tribute to the lives lost in the september 11 , 2001 , terror attack .
in the darkness we shine brightest : the t-shirt which the foster family have worn every year on september 11 as a tribute .
eileen esquilin mourns the loss of her brother , ruben esquilin jr , during the memorial observances held at the site of the world trade center last week on september 11 , the 13th anniversary of the terrorist attacks .
according to cbs sacremento , mr foster had told his stepdaughter : ` wear it to honor what had happened on 9/11 and all the people that have perished and the lives that were changed on that days .
' mr foster , who has been a part of the military for nearly 25 years and has twice served in iraq , said he understood the school 's policy , but hoped administrators would understand the significance of the day for his family and make an exception .
school district spokesman trent allen said students are only allowed to wear non-uniform items on free dress days and september 11 was n't one of them .
he said : ` unfortunately that kind of shirt would not fit in that dress code policy .
' school district spokesman trent allen said the ban had nothing to do with the anniversary and that the school dress code was an ` important part ' of the academic process .
mr allen said banning the shirt had nothing to do with the anniversary , as the uniform policy was `