with the 2015 general election just over two weeks away , it 's natural to expect flyers , bumper stickers and perhaps even the odd car flag to pop up across the nation .
however , you might be more surprised to see shot glasses emblazoned with david cameron 's face , ukip pendents and even party leader underwear appearing on shelves .
this year 's election has bought with it a bizarre batch of merchandise in a bid to sway the nation .
scroll down for video .
david cameron is said to have watched bake off in the past which could explain these cake cases .
many of the unusual trinkets can be purchased on the official party websites which often include a ` gift ' category , should you want to bring politics into their special day .
perhaps dad might like an snp decanter for his wine , or mum could bake in her new set of conservative cupcake cases , while ukip have focused on a more wearable range of accessories .
we 're not entirely sure that any of these will fly off the shelves but here we round up the weirdest official - and unofficial - collectibles as we prepare to go to the polls .
conservative cupcake cases .
david cameron has previously revealed that he has watched the great british bake off , which might explain these rather pricey cupcake cases .
the pack of 36 patriotic cases , in tory blue with a union jack design , comes in at # 5 a pop .
ukip pendant .
we know it is n't advisable to wear your heart on your sleeve but what about your political opinion around your neck ?
this cornish pewter pendant is available from the party 's store for # 12 and is described as an ` ideal gift for ukip enthusiasts ' .
political party underwear insures that politicians remain the butt of the joke .
leader underwear .
political leaders are used to being the butt of the jokes , and one retailer has taken this a step further .
twisted tee , has created a range of ` political man pants ' - capacious white garments printed with the faces of the party leaders .
the pair of nick clegg undies are described in ironic terms : ` hand printed gingerly in london