by .
associated press .
and zoe szathmary .
an 18-year-old woman reportedly lied about being abducted and held for 16 hours in michigan - and investigators who determined her story was fake said monday they plan to ask prosecutors to file charges against her .
police in the detroit suburb of ecorse , where hayley turner was found friday , will send the case to the wayne county prosecutor 's office , lt. greg blade said at a news conference .
charges could include filing a false police report , blade said .
` during the interview there was a lot of questions that could n't be answered and i do n't think the young lady was being very truthful with me during my investigation , ' blade said .
scroll down for video .
bogus : police determined that hayley turner lied about her abduction to police .
ecorse police : lt. greg blade , left , and chief michael moore , right , spoke to reporters on monday .
' i just figured if you 're telling the truth you do n't get confused about telling the truth , ' he said .
tuner had cuts that appeared to be self-inflicted , blade said .
' a lot of manpower was extended , a lot of time - i mean we truly wanted to help , ' blade said .
` it started not to click , ' chief michael moore said in the conference .
` my frustration level was very high .
we are a cash-strapped city ... and this cost us quite a bit of money .
' moore said turner did n't act alone and was never in physical danger .
` they were n't looking for ecorse .
this is another instance where they were looking for detroit , ' moore said .
` she could not do this alone and at no time was she never out of the company of a friend , ' he said .
moore said he did not know if the person who helped turner spoke to monroe county investigators .
police also did not discuss turner 's motive for lying about the abduction .
travel : turner and another individual were reportedly on their way to detroit , but wound up in ecorse .
distraught : turner 's parents were seen at a press conference