a six-year-old boy who suffers from an incredibly rare condition is not allowed to play outside in the winter , as catching a virus could kill him .
the genetic disease , which affects just 50 people in the world , means uzair akhtar struggles to fight off the mildest infection .
it means even a common cold or simple case of chicken pox could potentially kill him .
he was diagnosed with hyperimmunoglobin e syndrome -lrb- hies -rrb- two years ago , and without a life-saving bone marrow transplant he wo n't survive into adulthood .
uzair akhtar , from bradford , does n't go out to play in winter as his mother is afraid he will be struck down by just a common cold , which could prove deadly .
in the winter months , his parents wrap him up warm before he goes to school and do n't like to take the risk of letting him play outside .
his mother sufia rashid said : ` we have had a lot of snow recently and it 's heartbreaking because we ca n't take the risk of letting him play outside .
` just to get him to school , we have to dress him in thermals , leggings , multiple pairs of socks , a hat and a balaclava .
you can only see his eyes , it 's so sad but we have to make sure he does n't get cold at all .
` uzair wants to go and build snowmen and have snowball fights but just being outside for ten minutes could put him at risk of a life-threatening infection .
' although chilly temperatures have not been proven to increase your chance of catching a cold , winter weather may make the inside lining of your nose drier and more vulnerable to viral infection .
the youngster , from bradford , west yorkshire , was a sickly child from birth and suffered regularly from colds and sickness bugs .
but he was finally diagnosed with hies after he contracted salmonella poisoning when he was four-years-old .
the condition is caused by a mutation in his dock8 gene .
after a month in hospital with rehydration treatments , uzair was sent home but sufia and his dad pervaiz akhtar , soon noticed he had relapsed .
further tests revealed uzair 's white blood cell