by .
leon watson .
published : .
07:33 est , 14 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
12:33 est , 14 january 2014 .
landmark case : aja riggs , of santa fe , new mexico , challenged a decades-old state law that prohibits assisted suicide .
terminally ill patients who are competent have a fundamental right to get a doctor 's help to end their lives under new mexico 's constitution , a judge has ruled .
second judicial district judge nan nash said the constitution banned the state from depriving a person of life , liberty or property without due process .
` this court can not envision a right more fundamental , more private or more integral to the liberty , safety and happiness of a new mexican than the right of a competent , terminally ill patient to choose aid in dying , ' she wrote .
judge nash also ruled that doctors .
could not be prosecuted under the state 's assisted suicide law , which .
classifies helping with suicide as a fourth-degree felony .
the plaintiffs in the case do not consider physicians aiding in dying a form of suicide .
the .
judge 's decision followed a two-day trial in december in which two .
doctors and a santa fe woman with advanced uterine cancer asked the .
judge to determine physicians would not be breaking the law if they .
wrote prescriptions for competent , terminally ill patients who wanted to .
end their lives .
doctors katherine morris and aroop mangalik and patient aja riggs initially filed their lawsuit in march 2012 .
the .
lawsuit had the support of the american civil liberties union of new .
mexico , denver-based compassion & choices and the new mexico .
psychological association , the largest organisation of professional .
psychologists in the state .
the psychologists ' group argued that .
assisted suicide and ` aid in dying ' for terminally ill patients were .
fundamentally different .
ms riggs , 49 , who has undergone .
aggressive radiation and chemotherapy , said in december that her cancer .
was in remission but there had been days when getting out of bed and .
walking 15ft were an uphill battle .
she .
said she wanted to live , but also wanted the option of dying if her