by .
martin robinson .
row : rihanna is said to be threatening to sue topshop over the use of her face on a popular t-shirt .
rihanna is threatening to sue topshop after claiming they sold t-shirts with her face on it without asking permission .
the superstar 's team is said to have told the high street clothing chain run by billionaire sir phillip green to stop selling them , and is reported to be asking for # 3million in compensation at the high court .
the legal threat comes despite the what 's my name singer having dined with sir philip and music mogul simon cowell while on her christmas break to barbados in 2010 .
the star , who last year signed a deal worth a rumoured # 800,000 to design a range with high street rival river island , tweeted about the boxing day meal they had together , saying : ` just had dinner w / simon cowell philip green @ sandy lane !
great night !
' she has also spent time with sir philip 's daughter chloe while holidaying at the same time in the caribbean two years ago .
it was even rumoured she might follow in the footsteps of kate moss and design a range for topshop , but the two parties could now face each other in court .
last year topshop released a t-shirt featuring a picture of rihanna from her ` we found love ' music video , which sold out quickly afterwards .
it is understood this is the garment at the centre of the row .
in britain companies could argue that by buying the image from the photographer , they do not have to pay licensing fees to the star pictured .
a source close to the singer said the 25-year-old was offered a small .
sum of cash and topshop told her management ` we do what we want ' , according to page six .
battle : style icon rihanna , pictured yesterday in new york , was rumoured to be close to designing for top shop , like kate moss had previously .
dinner pals : rihanna having a meal with sir philip green and friends in barbados on boxing day 2010 .
chat : sir philip 's daughter chloe sits with rihanna on barbados over christmas 2011 .
` rihanna