by .
sean poulter .
published : .
08:45 est , 29 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
01:41 est , 30 april 2013 .
brigitte bardot has launched an astonishing attack on the boss of the queen 's grocer , fortnum & mason , for selling ` cruel ' foie gras .
miss bardot , a siren of the screen in the 1960s and now an animal welfare campaigner , has described the upmarket store 's managing director , ewan venters , as an ` imbecile ' .
the 78-year-old former actress and model finds herself at odds with the french farmers who have produced the expensive gourmet food for generations .
attacking ` cruel ' foie gras : brigitte bardot -lrb- right -rrb- , 1960s screen siren turned animal welfare campaigner , has attacked ewan venters -lrb- left -rrb- , the managing director of fortnum & mason , for selling foie gras , describing him as an ` imbecile ' it is the result of force feeding ducks and geese to the point that their livers become enlarged and ready to be processed into a smooth pate .
the livers , which can swell to ten times their normal size , press against the birds ' lungs , causing them to pant constantly .
such is the concern about the welfare of the birds involved that production of foie gras using these methods is banned in britain .
welfare worry : miss bardot disagrees with foie gras production in which geese and birds are force fed until their livers swell to ten times their normal size .
miss bardot said : ` mr venters seems to .
be one of those imbeciles who , just for a fleeting moment of flavour , is .
willing to ignore the overwhelming scientific evidence that .
force-feeding ducks and geese to produce grotesquely enlarged livers for .
foie gras is horrifically cruel .
` i hope france will end this shameful abuse of birds , which is quite rightly banned in venters ' own country .
but until then , mr venters should keep his hands off our geese .
' she is one of the latest in a long list of welfare groups and celebrities , such as sir roger moore and sir paul mccartney , to campaign against the sale of foie gras in the uk .