they are proud new moms .
dailymail has learned that sara gilbert welcomed a son with wife linda perry on saturday .
the 40-year-old the talk host and the 49-year-old rocker named their child rhodes emilio gilbert perry , according to a rep. ` both mother and child are doing well , ' it was added by a spokesperson for gilbert .
scroll down for video .
proud new parents : dailymail has learned sara gilbert welcomed a son with wife linda perry on saturday .
the 40-year-old the talk host and the 49-year-old rocker named their child rhodes emilio gilbert perry , according to a rep ; here they are pictured on february 21 in la .
first look : sharon osbourne shared a photo of rhodes on the talk on monday and said , ' i know , divine !
' the name rhodes derives from the old english ` rod , ' meaning ' a clearing in the woods .
' one of the most famous rhodes is cecil j. rhodes , who established the rhodes scholarships , the oldest and most celebrated international fellowship awards in the world .
shortly after the announcement sara 's talk co-star julie chen said , ` our very own sara and her wife linda perry are the proud parents of a new baby boy .
rhodes emilio gilbert perry was born on saturday and both mother and child are doing well .
' sharon osbourne shared the first baby photo on the talk monday .
' i know , divine !
' the 62-year-old said as she held up a color photo of rhodes in a hat and blankie while on what appears to be her mother 's chest .
in love with linda : gilbert - born abeles - and the grammy nominee will celebrate their first wedding anniversary on march 30 .
happy for her : the talk creator and her colleagues sheryl underwood , sharon osbourne , aisha taylor , and julie chen co-host the morning programme ; on monday they showed a first photo of the baby .
bumping along : the pregnant star covered up her growing belly in a grey cardigan sweater in late february .
sara announced she was expecting a third child in september .
on february 21 gilbert 's baby bump looked like it was coming along nicely as she was