by .
daily mail reporter .
most people would expect to indulge a little over christmas , but it might be surprising to hear the average person could have eaten a staggering 6,000 calories yesterday - nearly three times the recommended intake .
and festive revellers have been warned , they may not realise the olympic lengths they need to go to compensate for their christmas feasting .
a new study has shown you would have to exercise like a champion to burn off those extra festive calories .
feeling full : a traditional christmas dinner alone can contain 1,500 calories , just a quarter of the total amount some may have consumed yesterday .
the study found it would take gold medal-winning cyclist victoria pendleton 2,177 laps of the olympic velodrome to burn off the 6,000 calories some may have consumed yesterday .
while cycling hero bradley wiggins would have to ride 41 miles , the distance from london to southend , to burn off the 1,500 calories found in an average christmas dinner alone .
eating too much over christmas is a festive hazard but few people realise the olympic lengths they need to go to to burn off the extra calories .
a new study shows that revellers must exercise like a champion if they want to compensate for their christmas indulgence .
an average person could eat a staggering 6,000 calories on christmas day - almost treble the recommended intake .
using up the excess energy is a challenge of olympic proportions - it would take gold medal-winning cyclist victoria pendleton 2,177 laps of the olympic velodrome to burn off .
huge effort : it would take olympic gold medallist victoria pendleton more than 2,000 laps of the velodrome to burn off 6,000 calories .
olympic gold medallist victoria pendleton however does n't recommend tackling all that in one go .
she said : ` some 2,177 laps of the olympic .
velodrome would be a bit too much , even for me .
' i recommend building in exercise to .
your everyday routine and making it fun .
a cycle ride to the local shops .
is good for you , it also saves on petrol , there 's no struggle to find a .
parking space and it 's enjoyable too .
' the study found christmas dinner alone - containing an average