dutch prosecutors have blocked the sale of a bar of soap which its owners claimed was made from the fat of jewish people murdered at a nazi death camp .
the owner attempted to sell the soap on the internet auction site ebay for $ 199 -lrb- # 143 -rrb- .
but as soon as the item went live , moderators removed it from sale .
rumours - apparently started by the british - that the nazis were mass-producing soap using the bodies of concentration camp victims first surfaced in the middle of the war .
an antiques salesman tried to sell soap , pictured , reportedly made from the fat of jewish holocaust victims .
the man was seeking $ 199 for the bar of soap on the internet auction site ebay , pictured .
the listing , pictured , was removed from ebay shortly after it was originally posted .
although the mass production claim was almost certainly untrue , there is evidence that it had happened on a small scale at least during the early stages of world war ii .
the nazis are known to have plundered human bodies for products , with hair used to make felt and insulation for example .
however , the german scientists who were believed to have experimented with making soap from human fat had almost certainly been stopped by ss-chief heinrich himmler who had ordered an investigation into the claims on november 20 , 1942 .
the unnamed antiquities vendor who tried to sell the soap handed himself into police to answer questions after the auction was cancelled .
he had also handed over the two bars of soap , which are now being examined to see if they do indeed contain traces of human remains .
historian arthur haraf said the soap was one of a number of items found near the dutch concentration camp westerbork , from which dutch jews were sent to extermination camps .
the soap was reportedly made from the fat of jewish victims of the westerbork concentration camp , pictured .
it is claimed that ss leader heinrich himmler , left , ordered nazi scientists to stop working on human soap .
westerbork was a nazi refugee , detention and transit camp in the town of hooghalen , nine kilometres south of the city of assen in the north-eastern netherlands .
the other