by .
deni kirkova .
published : .
11:49 est , 16 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
08:17 est , 17 january 2014 .
she 's pushing 25 years in the business , but kate moss , who turns 40 today , is still at the pinnacle of fashion .
the supermodel was spotted at the age of 14 by storm models founder sarah doukas at jfk airport , and the skinny south london schoolgirl has since become an international icon and household name .
and to mark her landmark birthday , a revealing new illustrated biography has been put together by chris roberts and is published today .
scroll down for video .
a school photo of a young kate moss before she was discovered .
the enlightening book explores the life , loves and looks of one of the world 's favourite british models , and it misses no highs or lows , chronicling everything from that cocaine scandal to her intense relationships with men including pete doherty and johnny depp .
it features lesser-known truths about the star , including the fact she paid jefferson hack , the father of her daughter lila grace , 11 , a cool # 1 million when they broke up .
it also reminds us of the time her younger brother nick was signed to .
storm models , and how the pair starred together in a versace campaign .
the fascinating read is accompanied by hundreds of glamorous , intimate and revealing portraits .
angelic and waifish in 1993 in john galliano 's swaying hoop and swathes of crinoline show .
` kate .
moss has grown up in public , ' journalist julie burchill wrote back in .
1999 , ` into one of the most singular and shimmering icons our damp .
little islands have ever produced .
' today , kate is one of the most .
recognizable - and , against all odds , durable - stars alive .
she 's .
exceeded the career expectation of a model by 15 years .
most retire by .
25 .
to more than one .
generation the mother and wife - who said she 'd ` never dress like a .
wife ' - is an unconventional inspiration and the ultimate rock 'n' roll .
style guru .
supermodel kate moss signs copies of