by .
darren boyle .
the distraught mother of one of the two girls gang raped and hanged in india has refused to accept any compensation from the government and demands her daughter 's rapists are sentenced to death .
the 38-year-old mother said she wants the dignity of her 15-year-old daughter to be restored .
she said : ` money ca n't bring back my daughter but the hanging of her killers would give peace to her soul .
' scroll down for video .
the 38-year-old mother of one of the victims said she wanted her daughter 's killers to be executed .
the father of one of the victims said local police were not interested in investigating his daughter 's murder because he was from the lowest caste and called on the indian version of the fbi intercede .
indian police bring one victim 's mother to the scene of the rape and murder .
the devastated mother said her daughter would have been alive had they not belonged to the lower dalit caste .
dalits , formerly called untouchables , stay at the bottom of india 's tenacious caste system , while the yadav caste , to which the state chief minister , akhilesh yadav , belongs is the top caste .
the two cousins , aged 14 and 15 , went missing from their homes on tuesday night in a village called katra , in badaun district about 180 miles from lucknow , eastern india .
the father of one of the victims holds an item of clothing belonging to his daughter who was brutally raped and murdered .
the girls went into the nearby fields to use as a toilet since their house does not have one .
the father of one girl went to police that night to report them missing , but he said they refused to help .
some villagers , who had also gone out to relieve themselves in the fields , found their bodies hanging from a mango tree the next morning .
angry villagers protested the police inaction by refusing to allow the bodies to be cut down from the tree .
hundreds of protestors took to the streets of new delhi calling for justice for the two girls .
the villagers only allowed authorities to take down the corpses after the first arrests were made on wednesday