a photographer has told of his shock after a conman stole one of his prized images which he used to win first place in an international competition .
talented hengki koentjoro had painstakingly created a beautiful black and white image of a motorcyclist riding through the fog next to a forest , which he had posted on several photographic websites .
but it was shamelessly stolen by instagram .
member ` bogdhan ' , who flipped it horizontally , put it through one of .
the website 's filters and then entered it into samsung 's ` live in the .
moment ' competition .
original : indonesian photographer hengki koentjoro 's original image of a motorcyclist riding through the fog .
stolen : instagram member ` bogdhan ' , flipped the image and put it through .
one of the website 's filters and then entered it into samsung 's ` live .
in the moment ' competition .
the thief was awarded first place and was almost sent a prize of a # 500 digital camera before the competition organisers were alerted to his scam .
mr koentjoro , a fine-art photographer from indonesia , had been tipped off about the theft by a friend about a month later and had contacted samsung just before the prize was sent out .
shutterbugger : ` bogdhan ' even had the front to criticise koentjoro after the theft was exposed .
incredibly the photograph was still .
posted on ` bogdhan 's ' instagram page this week where it has attracted a .
flood of angry comments .
user .
charlylouiselane wrote : ` as an illustrator and photographer who has .
dealt with copycats before i can only begin to try to express the upset .
that this causes , when you work so hard for something only for someone .
to swoop in and take the credit .
' i .
do n't understand how you can not feel shame ?
surely coming first place .
with your own content would be a much better feeling of pride than what .
you have done .
` its shameful and pure greed .
its disrespectful to creativity too to try and rip someone off for your own personal gain .
' incredibly boghan used his instagram page to criticise mr koentjoro , suggesting he was only trying to get