by .
rachel quigley .
published : .
18:07 est , 6 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
18:08 est , 6 december 2012 .
a wannabe porn star and her father have been arrested on incest allegations after police discovered they have been having a sexual relationship and even have a child together .
george sayers , 46 , and tiffany hartford , 23 , of bethel , connecticut , were charged on monday with .
third-degree sexual assault in an investigation that began with a .
complaint by hartford 's former girlfriend .
dna tests proved they are father and daughter and parents to their child .
hartford 's ex-girlfriend - who has not been named - went to police after discovering that sayers was selling sex videos and photographs of her .
related : tiffany hartford , 23 , and george .
sayers , 46 , of bethel , connecticut , were charged on monday with .
third-degree sexual assault .
they lived in the same home with a number .
of other relatives .
arrested : george sayers , right , and his daughter tiffany hartford , 23 , were charged on monday with third-degree sexual assault after police discovered they had a child together .
though she consented to the videos .
being made of her and hartford having sex when they were dating , she was .
upset that he was making money off them and selling them without her .
approval .
she was only 16 or 17 at the time they were made .
the father and daughter were also charged with obscenity and conspiracy .
they have pleaded not guilty to all charges .
a search of sayers ' computer turned up similar images , as well as a commercial video of hartford dressed in risque outfits and .
posing in sexually provocative positions , crediting .
him with being the producer , police said .
because she was over 16 when they were taken , they are not considered to be child porn .
reported : hartford 's ex-girlfriend went to police when she learned sayers was selling videos of the former couple having sex when they were just 16 .
incest : both sayers and hartford initially denied knowing they were father and daughter , but dna tests confirmed this and that they had a son together