by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
07:38 est , 18 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
14:38 est , 18 december 2012 .
these conjoined twin brothers are lucky to be alive after being born sharing the same torso because of a rare one-in-a-million medical condition .
sohna and mohna have defied all the odds to celebrate their ninth birthday despite their condition killing most at birth .
in an orphanage in amritsar , india , the pair go to lessons and live life to the full even though they share the same torso and two legs - each boy has their own two arms .
a one-in-a-million chance : sohna and mohna suffer from dicephalic parapagus meaning they share the same torso and legs .
the brothers are what is known as dicephalic parapagus twins and their amazing story will be aired for the first time in ` the twins who share a body - a body shock special ' on channel 4 at 10pm tomorrow .
the indian twins are just one of a handful of known cases alive today in the world as more than half of twins with the condition are stillborn .
they are growing up in an institution after being given up by their parents who were afraid they could n't provide for them .
trying to lead normal lives : the boys live in an orphanage in amritsar , india , and attend school every day .
the pair go to school each day and both can read and write .
as the remarkable documentary shows doctors are still unsure how the children cope so well with their condition .
following their journey , the show reveals some remarkable findings about how the boys live in one body controlled by two brains .
dr rakesh chouhan said : ` it 's still a mystery and we 're not 100 percent sure how these things are happening .
defying the odds : the brothers will soon celebrate their ninth birthday despite the majority of twins with their condition being stillborn .
` the most remarkable thing is two brains , single body being controlled separately and still they 're a single unit .
' dicephalic parapagus is an extremely rare form of conjoined twins .
approximately half of conjoined twins are stillborn and the overall survival rate for conjoined