an elderly man in sparks , nevada was arrested tuesday , three months after he shot dead an unarmed squatter in his home .
wayne burgarello was charged with murder and attempted murder for killing father-of-two cody devine , 34 , and seriously injuring 29-year-old janai wilson .
the 73-year-old claims he only shot the two squatters in self-defense , according to a police affidavit obtained by the reno gazette-journal .
the victim 's father richard devine told mailonline that he plans to attend burgarello 's trial and believes ` justice will be served ' .
arrested : wayne burgarello , 73 -lrb- left -rrb- , was arrested tuesday on charges of murder and attempted murder after shooting dead 34-year-old cody devine -lrb- right -rrb- at his vacant property this past february .
devine 's friend janai wilson , 29 , had been squatting on the property for the past three years , and was also injured in the attack .
according to wilson , she and devine took methamphetamine the morning of february 13 before devine drove her to burgarello 's home - an abandoned property that wilson had been illegally squatting at off an don for the past three years .
both entered the home and fell asleep before a neighbor reported their break in .
alvin lilla , a renter at an adjoining property , called burgarello and said he believed squatters were inside the home since a toyota 4runner was parked outside .
burgarello arrived at the home armed with three handguns , and entered the building with two pistols drawn in each hand .
vacant : burgarello showed up armed with three handguns after a neighbor notified him that squatters had broke in .
abandoned : the property is surrounded in overgrown shrubbery in this satellite view from 2011 .
lilla followed 12 feet behind and says he was warned to stay quiet .
` shh , do n't make any noise , ' burgarello ordered him , according to the affidavit .
` if anybody 's in here i 'm the owner , you better not be in here , this is a private property , and nobody better be in here !
' burgarello then said .
burgarello came across devine and wilson sleeping in a dark bedroom where the window was covered with a blanket .
the two woke up and wilson