regular exercise may keep alzheimer 's at bay -- even in those whose genes put them in the dementia danger zone .
a study of men and women in their 60s , 70s and 80s found that being active at least three times a week stopped the brain from shrinking .
strikingly , even those with a common gene called apoe-e4 were protected by brisk walking , jogging , swimming and cycling .
strenuous household chores also helped .
a study of men and women in their 60s , 70s and 80s found that being active at least three times a week stopped the brain from shrinking potentially helping keep alzheimer 's at bay -lrb- posed by model -rrb- .
the brain normally shrinks with age , and the hippocampus , the brain 's memory hub is particularly vulnerable in those at genetic risk of dementia .
kirk erickson , an expert in the ageing brain , said : ` this is the first study look at how physical activity might impact the loss of hippocampal volume in people at genetic risk for alzheimer 's disease .
` there are no other treatments shown to preserve hippocampal volume in those that may develop alzheimer 's disease .
` this study has tremendous implications for how we might intervene , prior to the development of any dementia symptoms , in older adults who are at increased genetic risk for alzheimer 's disease .
the apoe-e4 gene is carried by up to 30 per cent of the population .
it increases the risk of alzheimer 's in old age but not everyone with the suspect dna will develop the disease .
the latest finding suggests the exercise may be one of the factors that decides if a brain is able to overcome its genetic inheritance .
the us researchers measured the brain size of four groups of pensioners at the start and end of the 18-month study .
the study found that even those with a common alzheimer 's gene called apoe-e4 were protected by brisk walking , jogging , swimming and cycling .
the amount of exercise they did was monitored and they were tested for the apoe-e4 gene .
the only brain shrinkage occurred in those with the gene who did little or no exercise .
those with the gene who were at least moderately physically active three times a