by .
becky evans .
published : .
11:30 est , 11 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
01:41 est , 12 october 2012 .
gareth lloyd apologised for the calls and said he did not realise the anxiety it would cause .
a bachelor made thousands of nuisance calls telling people his penis was stuck in jam jars and a vacuum cleaner .
gareth lloyd , 49 , remained silent in some of the phone calls while in others he said his penis was trapped in a variety of household objects .
lloyd , of bryn y coed , holywell , who cares for his elderly mother , made 5,800 calls from an unregistered pay-as-you-go mobile phone in just three months .
bt traced the number to the unregistered phone but police had struggled to find him .
he was only caught when his number came up on a mobile phone officers were analysing .
lloyd was given a 12 month community order today after pleading guilty to three charges under the telecommunications act at flintshire magistrates ' court at mold .
the court heard how an extensive enquiry was launched to try and identify the nuisance caller .
but such was the scale of his calls that a number of complainants have never been identified .
prosecutor justin espie said some people had spoken of their upset and anxiety at the calls , made between february and april .
the court heard some of the calls were of a sexual nature but he never went into explicit detail .
lloyd admitted making calls which caused annoyance , inconvenience and needless anxiety , and making calls which were grossly offensive but said it was a prank that got out of hand .
he said he never thought he would get caught and never realised the anxiety his behaviour would cause .
phillip marshall-thomas , defending , said he was sure that the majority of calls would have been perfectly innocent and within the legal boundaries .
he did accept that he had made calls as alleged by the prosecution and pleaded guilty at the first opportunity .
there was no obscene language or threats of violence .
mr marshall-thomas said : ` he thought that he was having a bit of a joke .
it was a joke in poor taste , perhaps a little perverted to