up to two thirds of supermarket food ends up in the bin , a shocking survey reveals today .
tesco found that 68 per cent of its bagged salads , 48 per cent of its bakery goods and 24 per cent of its grapes go to waste .
much of the food is thrown away by customers -- but large amounts are lost because they have been on display too long .
yet more produce has to be ditched before it even reaches shelves .
tesco found that 68 per cent of its bagged salads and two in five apples are never eaten .
the supermarket 's survey tracking best-selling products also found one in five bananas go to waste .
two in five apples and one in five bananas are never eaten , according to the tesco survey tracking its best-selling products .
signalling the end of ` buy one get one free ' offers , the chain said it would no longer offer the deals on large bags of salad .
it has promised to scrap confusing ` display until ' dates on fresh fruit and vegetables and will give customers food storage tips .
a study by the institution of mechanical engineers earlier this year found up to half the food bought from supermarkets goes in the bin .
experts blame our throwaway culture for the colossal waste as well as misleading sell-by dates and offers that encourage customers to buy too much .
tesco has announced buy one get one free deals on large bags of salad will be scrapped to tackle food waste .
fifteen million tons of food are discarded each year , with households responsible for nearly half the waste , according to the waste and resources action programme -lrb- wrap -rrb- , a recycling quango .
almost four million tons are thrown away despite being perfectly edible .
tesco is now examining what happens to 25 more best-selling products , including free-range eggs , bacon , onions , and milk .
in the first six months of this year , 28,500 tons of produce was binned at its stores and distribution centres .
richard swannell of wrap said : ` we welcome tesco 's approach to tackling food waste across their whole supply chain , and by identifying the hot spots they can tackle these areas effectively .
` food waste is