hollywood 's golden age of silent film has largely gone forever .
the vast majority of feature-length silent movies made in the u.s. over the past 100 years have been lost due to decay and neglect , according to a new study that will horrify cinema lovers .
in the first comprehensive survey of silent films , the library of congress in washington discovered that not a trace remains of three quarters of the films that were made .
a film still from beyond the rocks with actors rudolph valentino -lrb- right -rrb- and gloria swanson made in 1922 .
it was found after 75 years but sadly thousands of other silent movies remain lost .
of the nearly 11,000 feature films made between 1912 and 1930 , only 14 percent still exist in their original format .
a further 11 percent of the films only exist as lower-quality formats or foreign versions .
the casualties include some of the most memorable films of the era .
notable movies now considered lost include ` cleopatra ' from 1917 , ` the great gatsby ' from 1926 , lon chaney 's ` london after midnight ' from 1927 , and ` the patriot ' from 1928 .
the losses were partly attributed to the fact that the nitrate film stock was very vulnerable to fire and deterioration .
but the study also blamed the movie industry 's tendency -- with the honourable exception of the mgm studio - to neglect or simply destroy prints and negatives .
a return : oscar-winning film the artist with jean dujardin as george and berenice bejo as peppy .
cinema-going was the most popular form of entertainment in the 1920s , before either network radio or television .
in the us alone , a country of 116 million people notched up average cinema admissions of 46 million a week .
as movingly portrayed in the 2011 oscar-winning silent film the artist , this soundless era and its stars were swept aside by the arrival of the ` talkies ' -- movies with sound .
historian and archivist david pierce , who conducted the study for the library , said few other defunct art forms have the resonance of silent films .
` it 's a lost style of storytelling , and the best of the films are as effective with audiences today as they were