she 's been in the industry for more than 20 years , runs her own blog and was handpicked to style tu at sainsbury 's tenth anniversary collection , so it 's safe to say that louise redknapp knows a thing or two about fashion .
femail wanted to tap into louise 's magic so we 've snapped her -lrb- and her best friend and business partner emma thatcher -rrb- up to serve as mailonline 's resident style gurus .
the duo , who run a style album with their friends , will be sharing their top tips on fashion , beauty , interior and all things style .
scroll down for video .
meet femail 's new resident style gurus : louise redknapp , right , and her best friend and business partner emma thatcher , left , will be blogging for mailonline about all things fashion , beauty , interior and style .
when louise met emma through their husbands they quickly bonded over their love of fashion .
'em ma and i got to the stage where we would constantly text each other pictures of what we were wearing or what we wanted to buy , ' explained 40-year-old louise .
and now they want to share their passion with mailonline readers .
` for me , knowing that you could show one of your friends something and get an honest opinion - especially when i was working or doing a red carpet without a stylist - was great .
'em and our circle of friends would offer me advice and it made me feel so much more confident .
` that 's what we want our blog to be : like an online mate .
' louise has launched trend blog , a style album , with former matches fashion stylist emma thatcher .
louise and emma want their blog to be an ` online mate ' for women who work and lead busy lives but still want to be stylish .
they also want to appeal to a wide audience , including older women who love fashion .
louise , who is married to football legend jamie redknapp , and emma , who worked as a stylist for matches fashion and works as a fashion buyer for a boutique called club , added : ` we 're not saying we 're fashion experts .
`