by .
emily davies .
published : .
17:31 est , 15 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
02:37 est , 16 october 2013 .
winner : eleanor catton , 28 , has been awarded the 2013 man booker prize for fiction for her second novel the luminaries .
fiction 's highest accolade , the man booker prize , has been awarded to its youngest ever winner .
new zealander eleanor catton , aged just 28 , was awarded the # 50,000 prize for her second novel the luminaries at a ceremony in london 's guildhall last night .
the plot is set in 1866 in new zealand 's gold rush and follows the tale of walter moody who stumbles into a secret meeting where 12 men discuss unsolved crimes .
chairman of judges robert macfarlane commended the young author and said : ` it 's awesome .
the maturity of this work exists at the level of the sentence .
` you read every sentence and you are astonished by its knowledge and its poise .
' judges acknowledged the book has a ` very slow start ' but praised miss catton 's discipline for its structure , with each section being half the length of the last .
mr macfarlane said : ` it 's a dazzling work , it 's a luminous work .
it is vast without being sprawling .
` it is beautifully intricate without being fussy .
it is experimental you come to realise .
but it does not by any means neglect the traditional virtues of storytelling .
' he added : ` its story is quite exceptionally compelling .
each section is half the length of its predecessor .
` the consequence of this is a very slow start and an astonishing accelerating , quickening tilt to the narrative .
' the luminaries follows miss catton 's 2008 debut the rehearsal , and is the longest work ever to win the booker prize at 832 pages .
` it 's awesome ' : the award winning novel is set in 1866 in new zealand 's gold rush .
it follows the tale of walter moody who stumbles into a secret meeting where 12 men discuss unsolved crimes .
royalty : the new zealander was awarded the prize by the duchess of cornwall , left .
right , miss catton poses