a connecticut teenager with cancer who took her fight to stop her chemotherapy treatments to the state 's supreme court must remain in custody of the state even though her disease has gone into remission , a judge ruled on wednesday .
superior court judge carl taylor in middletown , connecticut , denied requests made last month by attorneys for both cassandra and her mother , jackie fortin , that the 17-year-old be released from the temporary custody of the state department of children and families , or that her mother be permitted to visit her in the hospital .
the judge ruled on wednesday she must remain in dcf custody until completing court-ordered chemotherapy for hodgkin 's lymphoma , a type of blood cancer , at connecticut children 's medical center in hartford .
scroll down for video ... going nowhere : cassandra fortin was ordered by the connecticut supreme court to undergo cancer treatment .
picture of health : cassandra has been at children 's medical center in hartford since december receiving chemo to which she was originally opposed .
in state care : the department of children and families took temporary custody after cassandra refused her chemotherapy treatments for hodgkin lymphoma .
the state agency last fall won temporary custody of cassandra after she and her mother argued she did not want chemo treatments despite the risk of dying without them .
the state supreme court then ruled against cassandra 's claim that she was mature enough to make her own medical decisions .
treatments were ordered for at least six months after doctors said the teen had an 85 percent chance of survival with chemotherapy , but faced a near certainty of death within two years without it .
but after she was declared by doctors to be in remission in march , her lawyer joshua michtom and attorneys for her mother appealed at a closed-door court hearing seeking permission to allow her to go home to complete treatments , or at least to permit her mother to visit her in the hospital .
staying put : ms fortin , left , said the hospital tried to prevent her mother , jackie , right , from visiting her room .
support : mrs fortin , pictured , said she was behind her daughter 's decision to not undergo cancer treatment .
hodgkins lymphoma -lrb- cells pictured