the police chief of a small texas town was shot dead on saturday while attempting to arrest a man on a warrant , authorities said .
elmendorf police chief michael pimentel was shot twice - once in the shoulder and once in the abdomen - outside the house of the suspect as he attempted to arrest him .
according to ksat 5 , the male suspect , identified as joshua lopez , 24 , is now in custody and was wanted for a graffiti charge .
however he is now facing a charge of capital murder of a police officer .
killed in the line of duty : michael pimentel was allegedly shot twice by a 24-year-old who was wanted on a graffiti charge in the small texas town of elmendorf on saturday morning .
scene : the incident happened near east 9th street and south 1st avenue at around 11.40 am in elmendorf , a small town of 1,500 people , located about 25 miles southeast of san antonio .
pimental - who was in his 60s and has served as police chief in elmendorf for more than a year - is believed to have been kiled in the street of the small town of 1,500 people , located about 25 miles southeast of san antonio .
exact details of the shooting have not been released .
the incident happened near east 9th street and south 1st avenue at around 11.40 am .
pimentel was flown to university hospital , where he was pronounced dead .
elmendorf mayor evelyn lykins said in a news release that the person who was the subject of the arrest warrant that pimentel was serving opened fire on the chief .
` he embraced the community of elmendorf not only as its head of law enforcement officer but also as a resident .
we will miss him , ' the mayor said .
elmendorf police chief michael pimentel - aged in his 60s - had served as chief for over a year .
investigation : officers inspect the scene where a police chief was gunned down in elmendorf , texas , on saturday morning .
steve mccraw , head of the texas department of public safety , said pimentel is the fifth law enforcement officer to die in texas this year .
three of the five were killed by gunfire .
some 13 officers