last updated at 5:51 pm on 6th october 2011 .
britain 's crazy weather took another nutty turn today as snow fell in the highlands while farmers in the south picked strawberries - and all just days after the country baked in the hottest october on record .
cairgorm in the highlands was the first place in the uk to experience the chill of winter as the ski slopes on the scottish resort experienced the first dump of snow .
the mountain range south of inverness saw temperatures plunge overnight turning the hillside white .
weather shock : the first snow of winter fell overnight in cairngorm in the highlands of scotland just days after thousands enjoyed a heatwave in the south east of england .
deep and crisp and even : walkers at cairngorm in the highlands are among the first to enjoy the frosty delights of winter .
the mountaineering council of scotland -lrb- mcofs -rrb- said the snow had fallen where snow patches from last winter had survived through the summer months .
while the south of country baked last weekend , small patches of snow remained on the hillside from one of scotland 's hardest winters on record .
with snow falling overnight in the north , there were hailstorms in the thames valley in the south , which baked in 85f heat just days ago .
hilly areas and country lanes around hungerford in berkshire were briefly turned white when hailstones the size of frozen peas pelted the area .
forecasters are predicting chilly times ahead with frost expected across england at the weekend .
strawberry picking in october !
jill ivens at hill farm , chesterton , with the unseasonable crop .
and yet as parts of britain shivered under wintery conditions , some farmers have been reporting extremely unseasonable events .
with farmers in cambridgeshire picking their second crop of strawberries this year and in north devon , ` spring ' lambs have been born four months early .
farmer paddy .
ivens is normally turning his attention to pumpkins but this year he is .
still picking strawberries .
this evening .
showers will ease , become less widespread and largely confined to .
western parts of the uk overnight .
clear spells will develop elsewhere .
it will stay windy though , and fall quite chilly in a few sheltered .