chelsea chiefs have met supporters in a bid to improve the atmosphere at stamford bridge , with proposals for designated singing sections and individuals to lead the songs .
jose mourinho complained last month that it was like playing in ` an empty stadium ' and , though he apologised , the issue is being taken seriously in the boardroom .
after meeting supporters ' groups over the last month to canvass opinions , chairman bruce buck presented some of the ideas to the club 's fans ' forum in a meeting at the bridge .
jose mourinho said it was so quiet during the win over qpr that it was like playing at an empty stadium .
fans in the matthew harding stand are acknowledged to be the rowdiest at stamford bridge .
stamford bridge attracted a full house for the visit of qpr , but mourinho was unhappy with noise levels .
manchester united introduced a permanent singing section at old trafford in april 2014 .
it was brought about to improve the atmosphere , following trials in their matches against real sociedad -lrb- on october 23 -rrb- and fulham -lrb- on february 9 -rrb- .
united 's official website explained a singing section is designed to ` promote increased competition between the home and away fans ' .
chelsea want to trial a new singing section in the shed end , which is shared with away supporters , in the hope it will spark more noise from other parts of the ground .
they also want to give individuals responsibility for leading the singing .
the noisiest chelsea fans are usually at the other end of the ground in the matthew harding stand , and another idea is to move away fans and create a second large groundswell of vocal support in the shed end .
away fans used to sit behind the dug-outs in the lower east stand but mourinho complained in his first spell at the club that they were too close to him and could easily influence the linesman and fourth official .
chelsea may even consider moving the dug-outs across the pitch if the away fans are moved back and the manager is unhappy .
such problems are by no means limited to chelsea .
many grounds , including some famed for their passionate atmosphere , have been hit by the changing demographic