the bloodthirsty killers of islamic state are trying to ` hijack ' the arab world and ` drag us back to the dark ages ' through social media , queen rania of jordan believes .
during a powerful address to the abu dhabi media summit in the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- , the 44-year-old monarch spoke out against the horror videos of decapitated prisoners being promoted by isis on twitter and facebook .
' a minority of irreligious extremists is using social media to rewrite our narrative and hijack our identity , ' queen rania said .
` that 's what isis is doing to the arab world and all of us ' .
scroll down for video .
powerful : queen rania told the abu dhabi media summit that ' a minority of irreligious extremists is using social media to rewrite our narrative and hijack our identity ' anger : the monarch , 44 , said that the images that isis promote on social media should make every arab ` seethe ' and warned moderates who are silent on the issue are complicit in isis ' success .
hatred : rania said that beating isis with ' a bullet ' was not enough .
she explained how osama bin laden was killed , but supporters of his ideology fight on .
referring specifically to the videos of beheadings , the queen said : ` these images do n't represent me anymore than they represent you .
` they 're alien and abhorrent to the vast majority of arabs -- muslims and christians .
and they should make every arab across this region seethe .
` because they 're an attack on our values as a people and on our collective story .
this is their version of the arab world 's story , their plot , their narrative , their heroes , and the rest of the world is listening and watching .
' queen rania also said the ` silence ' of moderate arabs made them complicit in isis ' success , adding : ` at the heart of the assault is an ideology .
` and if you think you can defeat an ideology with a bullet , think of what happened when osama bin laden was killed .
' queen rania explained : ` sure he died , but his legacy is an even