battleground : esther mcvey , who won her wirral west seat in 2010 with a majority of just 2,436 , has demanded that ed miliband condemns the attacks .
tory minister esther mcvey has called on ed miliband to condemn the ` scurrilous ' campaign against her after she was branded ` murderer mcvey ' in graffiti .
the employment minister also had an election song written about her by rivals claiming she was going to hell .
miss mcvey has been one of the party 's most prominent rising stars , but is the tory cabinet minister most at risk of becoming a casualty on election night with a fierce battle to cling on to her marginal wirral west seat .
yesterday the former gmtv presenter , who won in 2010 with a majority of just 2,436 , insisted that she would not be cowered by the ` misogynistic and sexist ' attacks that she said showed what the labour party really thinks of women .
` if they think by coming in the dead of the night and scribbling on a wall and by being anonymous on twitter that they will intimidate and bully me they are picking on the wrong person , ' she said .
` i believe it is right that we have a conservative mp up here who is sitting at the table at cabinet , so their underhand tactics wo n't bully and intimidate me .
' miss mcvey , who was given a job in the cabinet by david cameron last july , said that she is one of a number of women sat around the table who knows how to have her voice heard and shows the party is not solely made up of women in ` twin-sets and pearls ' .
she also revealed how the network of female tory ministers , including home secretary theresa may , support each other with text messages , phone calls and by taking each other out for drinks .
miss mcvey , who is the only conservative mp on merseyside , said her political opponents are trying to create ` an atmosphere of fear ' in her seat .
local trade union activists launched their ` sack esther mcvey ' campaign last year on her birthday and a song with the same name has been recorded and posted on the internet .
the