a california high school has ditched their controversial arab mascot and his genie sidekick after complaints by anti-discrimination campaigners .
coachella valley high 's mascot , who appears as a snarling man with a shaggy beard , hooked nose and head scarf , drew complaints from american-arabs who felt it was derogatory .
school officials have now agreed to redesign the figure , and ditched his belly-dancing genie counterpart , although they insist the school will keep its ` arabs ' nickname for sports teams .
scroll down for video .
coachella valley high school has agreed to redesign its arab mascot -lrb- pictured -rrb- , and ditch his belly-dancing genie sidekick , after complaints from anti-discrimination campaigners .
the arab mascot has existed since the 1920s and is a nod to the desert region 's reliance on date farming , a traditionally middle eastern crop .
over the years , the mascot evolved from a turban-wearing horseman carrying a lance to a standing figure with a scowl and traditional head covering .
it came under fire last november when the american-arab anti-discrimination committee sent a letter to the school district complaining that the mascot was stereotypical .
the district refused to change the school 's ` arabs ' nickname , but it agreed to redesign the arab face on the school logo .
the new design , which has been approved by the campaign group , depicts a stoic man with a neatly trimmed beard .
the school has also dropped a belly-dancing genie -lrb- pictured -rrb- who often appeared at halftime shows .
his face is partially covered in shadow and he 's wearing a white headscarf emblazoned with the high school 's initial , ` cv .
' committee spokesman abed ayoub said : ` we passed it around to experts and community members .
we took our time to get the opinion of that logo , and it was overwhelmingly positive .
' the school 's current logo of the snarling mascot is still on the welcome sign , the school website and a large mural on the campus gym .
a spokesman for the school district said officials will soon make a joint announcement with anti-discrimination group to discuss a final resolution to the mascot controversy .
` we hope that those witnessing our collaboration will follow our lead and keep their eyes , ears