melinda gates has opened up about how deeply she is affected by charity missions abroad , revealing that being in the developing world often moves her to tears .
mrs gates was speaking as the charity she runs with her billionaire husband , bill - the gates foundation - released its annual letter about its vision for the future .
it claims that the lives of the poor will improve faster in the next 15 years than at any other time in history .
scroll down for video .
melinda gates -lrb- pictured -rrb- has opened up about how deeply she is affected by charity missions abroad .
mrs gates was speaking as the charity she runs with her billionaire husband , bill -lrb- right -rrb- - the gates foundation - released its annual letter about its vision for the future .
what helps drive her work for the foundation , mrs gates said , are the emotions she experiences while abroad .
she told the evening standard : ` when i am in the developing world , my heart absolutely breaks at times .
i 've gone back to my hotel room sobbing .
' she added : ` you say `` how can i make a difference in this person 's life and everybody around them ?
'' ' in their annual letter released thursday , the couple laid out their upbeat vision for a technology-driven wave of change that will lift hundreds of millions out of poverty by 2030 .
the major breakthroughs will be most noticeable in health , but also in agriculture , digital banking and online education , where the gates foundation is planning to pour in resources .
european commission president jean-claude juncker -lrb- left -rrb- meets with gates foundation founder bill gates at the eu headquarters in brussels , belgium , on tuesday .
afghan residents beg at the side of a road in herat .
the gates say that the lives of the poor will improve drastically in the next 15 years .
` our big bet is that in the next 15 years , the lives of the poor are going to improve more than at any time in the history of the world , ' melinda gates told afp in an interview .
child deaths are predicted to be cut by half , polio will be wiped out while