andy murray could announce amelie mauresmo as his long-term coach as early as next week .
the deposed wimbledon champion met mauresmo on thursday , a day after his meek quarter-final defeat by grigor dimitrov , and wants to finalise arrangements before departing for a training camp in miami at the end of next week .
but there are still pertinent issues to be ironed about between mauresmo and the rest of murray 's support team .
backroom : andy murray could announce amelie mauresmo as his long-term coach next week .
support team : andy murray 's coach amelie mauresmo -lrb- right -rrb- and dani vallverdu at wimbledon .
fallout : murray 's quarter-final exit at wimbledon has led to him having to re-assess his team .
assistant coach dani vallverdu was understood to be unhappy about the timing of mauresmo 's appointment - though not the decision to hire the frenchwoman - and even considered ending his four-year stint working with murray .
fitness trainer jez green has also been unsettled and wants a clear structure to be established if mauresmo is to continue working with the scot .
both men have sought reassurances about their positions .
but murray 's camp insist talks have progressed well , while the intention was always to trial working with mauresmo during the grass-court season before making a more formal , long-term agreement if the pair were happy .
apart from reassuring some other members of team murray there are still several stumbling blocks to overcome .
pushing himself ?
or maybe , the disastrous performance was all down to murray himself ?
unsettled : murray -lrb- left -rrb- with conditioning coach jez green -lrb- right -rrb- who wants reassurances .
mauresmo has returned to france for a holiday and it is unclear whether she would be willing to commit to an four-week block of training with murray in miami before his next tournament in toronto from august 6 .
the 35-year-old must also honour her commitments as captain of the french fed cup team , which would take her away from murray for around two months each year .