chancellor george osborne has a special civil servant who guards his own padlocked fridge in the treasury , it has been revealed .
lib dem treasury secretary danny alexander revealed mr osborne had his own full-length fridge , which he kept under lock and key to stop colleagues raiding his milk .
but sources have revealed there is also a treasury insider known as ` the chancellor 's messenger ' who has been given the job of guarding mr osborne 's fridge .
george osborne -lrb- left -rrb- has a padlocked fridge for himself in the treasury , revealed danny alexander -lrb- right -rrb- .
the fridge is protected by a small padlock , which has been specially drilled into the door .
mr osborne is understood to keep semi-skimmed milk and food in the ` double-length ' fridge .
his lib dem colleague in the treasury mr alexander told a gathering of reporters this afternoon : ` it is fair to say that we have got our differences -- i get my burgers from burger king .
` we do share things -- but not the milk which to my amusement he still keeps under lock and key .
` yes really the fridge in the treasury kitchen is replete with a padlock -- it must have been tough in st paul 's .
' the chancellor is known to keep close watch on his diet after ballooning in weight after the 2010 election .
he was photographed last year wearing a computerised wristband that monitors exercise and sleeping patterns .
he regularly jogs in st james 's park opposite the treasury and follows the 5:2 followed by celebrities including beyonce , philip schofield and benedict cumberbatch .
the diet means he has to fast twice a week .
labour 's shadow chancellor ed balls has previously been a devotee of the weight-loss plan .
mr osborne has lost ' a couple of stone ' since going on the 5:2 diet as well as undergoing a make over .
mr osborne ditched the diet after losing ` a couple of stone ' .
he revealed : ' i found myself putting on weight being stuck in here and the treasury .
i asked my doctor which diets he thought worked .
he recommended the 5:2 .
' i lost a couple of stone -- and once you 're there