experts have called for sugar-laden fizzy drinks to carry warning labels similar to those found on cigarette packets , in a bid to combat the adverse health effects .
new york assemblyman karim camara has introduced a bill that will require health warning labels on certain drinks with added sugar .
it comes after the world health organisation recommended slashing a person 's daily intake of added sugar from 50g to 25g - or from 10 to five cubes a day .
a regular can of coke contains 35g of sugar , so that alone would exceed this limit .
the size of the warning , said mr camara , should be dictated by the size of the drink .
sugar-laden fizzy drinks should carry warning labels to educate consumers that sugar causes obesity , diabetes and tooth decay , a new york politician claims .
should soda cans carry health warning labels like cigarette packets ?
should soda cans carry health warning labels like cigarette packets ?
now share your opinion .
` we ca n't sit back and pretend that sugary drinks are n't harmful to people , ' he said .
` we have a public health crisis , which is a direct result of people consuming too much sugar .
` the research is clear : too much sugar leads to health problems such as obesity and diabetes .
` as a society , we have a moral obligation to educate people so they can make healthier choices .
' the brooklyn democrat said the labels should read : ` safety warning : drinking beverages with added sugar contributes to obesity , diabetes and tooth decay .
' mr camara was joined on the steps of city hall by representatives from the american heart association , the american diabetes association and the center for science in the public interest .
past research has found sugary drinks are a primary contributor to type 2 diabetes , especially in children .
in august , the centers for disease control and prevention -lrb- cdc -rrb- reported that 40 per cent of children born between 2000 and 2011 would develop type 2 diabetes in their lifetime .
experts at the cdc estimate 35 per cent of americans are obese , and 69 per cent are overweight .
obesity is known to cause other serious illnesses , including cancer , heart