by .
gerri peev .
published : .
19:25 est , 12 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:11 est , 13 february 2013 .
how to be an mp : paul flynn 's book -lrb- pictured -rrb- was the most borrowed book from the house of commons library last year .
an ` idiot 's ' style-guide to how to be an mp was the most borrowed book from the house of commons library last year .
according to official figures , mps borrowed veteran labour mp paul flynn 's humorous , self-help tome 19 times .
with nearly one in three mps from the 2010 intake being new to the job , perhaps it was no surprise that politicians turned to how to be an mp , learning the commons knowledge , for guidance .
mr flynn tells mps how to advance their careers and climb the ` greasy pole ' , how to write an abusive letter to annoying constituents and how to convince voters that mps never stop working .
he also tells those who are underwhelmed with the volume of work how to avoid getting bored .
the newport west mp also gives tips on how to get a seat in the house of lords once your commons ' career is over .
in a guide to sex and booze in westminster , mr flynn says flings are ` inevitable ' and he writes of ` furtive encounters in parliamentary offices when resistance levels are falling and testosterone levels are rising .
. .
serial seducers of both sexes roam the corridors ' .
the commons ' elegant pugin room is ` sinfully comfortable .
. .
popular for romantic encounters ' .
by contrast , the mps ' smoking room is a ` melange of gentleman 's club and geriatric home , a refuge for alcohol addicts ' .
on expenses , he argues : ` the manipulation of greed still seeks to corrupt the power of parliament .
the fumigation of the palace can not prevent its re-infestation .
' mr flynn is highly critical of ` gulliver ' mps -- ` travel gluttons consoled by long hours in the sun at the poolside of a luxury hotel ' .
despite the official figures revealing how few politicians or their researchers borrow books , mps managed to clock up nearly #