report : david nicholson was in control of the strategic health authority responsible for supervising stafford hospital between 2005 and 2006 .
as a young nhs trainee at the height of the cold war , david nicholson idolised soviet leader leonid brezhnev .
at the same time as starting work in a mental health unit he joined the communist party in 1977 .
he was no ordinary revolutionary .
he was on the hardline , so-called ` tankie ' wing of the party which backed the kremlin using military action to crush dissident uprisings .
today , david nicholson is the # 270,000-a year chief executive of the nhs .
the one-time radical who used to regard political honours as elitist symbols of bourgeoisie government was happy to be knighted in 2010 .
nicknamed the ` big beast ' of the nhs because of his abrasive management style , his rise up the management ladder saw him take control of the strategic health authority responsible for supervising stafford hospital between 2005 and 2006 .
it was during this period that patients needlessly died because of appalling standards of care .
today 's damning report into the scandal could yet bring an end to his career -- during which he forced through the last labour government 's controversial ` target culture ' that fatally undermined the ethos of care that has traditionally been a hallmark of nhs hospitals .
it has been a remarkable journey for a man who was a communist for six years until his membership lapsed in 1983 .
critics say that the ` uncaring culture ' that has developed in some aspects of healthcare can be likened to the one that prevailed during the godless soviet regimes .
but nicholson , 57 , wo n't discuss his communist past .
the nhs chief was brought up in nottingham -- his father was crippled with emphysema and confined to a wheelchair .
this tragic experience inculcated in his son the importance of the principle of an nhs free at the point of delivery .
it 's not clear if he abandoned communism to further his career , or because his views mellowed .
but one thing is certain : nicholson has always done his political masters ' bidding .
as chief executive of doncaster royal infirmary in the 1990s , when the major government was in power ,