by .
associated press .
and helen pow .
new jersey governor chris christie got a break from traffic scandals and budget woes today when he was declared father of the year - though his 18-year-old daughter , sarah , did n't look too impressed .
the national father 's day committee crowned the republican governor at a ceremony in manhattan .
other honorees included football hall of famer curtis martin , shoe designer vince camuto and bloomingdale 's ceo tony spring .
the famously combative christie joked that when his four kids , ages 10 to 20 , found out he 'd been chosen for the honor , they reacted with disbelief .
father of the year : new jersey governor chris christie delivers his remarks at the 73rd annual father of the year awards benefit luncheon in new york , wednesday , june 4 , 2014 .
` the response was universal .
they just .
blankly stared back at me and said , `` really ?
'' ' christie told attendees .
gathered in a hotel ballroom .
` and i felt very warm about that .
' and .
sarah christie for one seemed to be serious , judging by the bored look .
on her face as she was photographed attending the event with her dad .
christie often mentions his kids at public events , joking about their argumentative dinner table conversations .
daddy dearest : mr christie got a break from traffic scandals and budget woes today when he was declared father of the year though his 18-year-old daughter , sarah , left , did n't look too impressed .
he .
said he was also surprised by the award and , in a more serious tone , .
thanked his kids for putting up with ` me and my crazy life .
' ` for .
me , today is really recognition for the best thing that i get to do in .
my life .
i get recognized and criticized and praised for all kinds of .
other things , but the most important thing that i get to do every day is .
to be a father to my four children , ' he said .
still , .
christie could n't quite escape the george washington bridge scandal .
that has cast a shadow on his 2016 presidential ambitions