by .
ryan gorman and michael zennie .
published : .
14:19 est , 23 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:25 est , 23 november 2013 .
the family of the woman who is accusing florida state university 's star quarterback of rape has hit out against assertions that the sex was consensual .
when it was revealed wednesday that jameis winston 's dna was found in the woman 's underwear , his attorney told reporters that winston had consensual sex with her .
` to be clear , the victim did not consent .
this was a rape , ' the family said in a terse statement friday .
winston , who is a top heisman trophy contender and one of the biggest stars in college football , continues to lead the no. 2-ranked seminoles and is expected to play against this afternoon against the university of idaho .
allegations : florida state quarterback jameis winston smiled on the sidelines of a recent game but is now fighting serious claims .
prosecutors said they have ` four or five ' things left to do before they can make a decision on whether to charge winston .
the woman 's family has been furious about how police in tallahassee , florida , handled the rape case , which was reported in december 2012 .
the .
family says they pushed to have a dna sample taken from winston only to .
be told by a police detective that it would alert winston and make the .
case public .
the statement released friday called it ` significant ' that the dna matches winston .
winston was a top prospect and a backup quarterback at the time .
when the fsu player was identified as .
her attacker , her ` family grew concerned that she would be targeted on .
campus , ' the statement continued , adding that a lawyer was retained .
a .
detective ` told the attorney that tallahassee was a big football town ' and that the victim should give her allegations some thought because .
` her life will be made miserable .
' the case was listed as ` open , status inactive .
' under investigation : the team have stopped the quarterback from answering questions about the assault at their press conferences .
it was only after the