two men who faced the death penalty for a 1975 murder have walked free from prison when all the charges against them were dismissed after a witness said his testimony was ` all lies ' .
ricky jackson and wiley bridgeman , 57 and 60 , were convicted of murdering harry franks , a businessman in cleveland , ohio - based largely on the testimony of a 12-year-old who said he saw the murder .
the two , along with bridgeman 's brother ronnie , were given death sentences after eddie vernon testified in court .
scroll down for video .
free men : wiley bridgeman , left , and ricky jackson , right , were released friday from cuyahoga county jail after 39 years behind bars .
they were originally on death row , but had their sentences commuted to life following a supreme court decision in 1978 outlawing the death penalty as it then existed .
back : bridgeman embraces his brother ronnie , who was also convicted but let out of prison years before him .
third man : ronnie bridgeman , who has since changed his name to kwame ajamu , was also put on death row for the murders , but was released in 2003 .
crime scene : this photograph shows the aftermath of the murder for which the bridgeman brothers and wiley were convicted .
victim : the three men were wrongly convicted of murdering harry franks , a businessman in cleveland , ohio .
all three sentences were commuted to life in 1978 after a supreme court ruling , but the men were still saddled with decades behind bars .
ronnie bridgeman was released in 2003 for separate reasons .
he was reunited with the other two inmates friday when they walked free from cuyahoga county jail after prosecutors asked that the charges be dismissed .
the dramatic turnaround came after vernon , now 52 , recanted his testimony , saying that police officers coerced him into testifying and gave him details of the case .
changing his account in 2013 , he said : ` all the information was fed to me - i do n't have any knowledge about what happened at the scene of the crime ' , cleveland.com reported .
i 'm out !
jackson walks smiling out of the jail after his sentence was quashed .
he