the duke and duchess of cambridge will be welcoming their second baby in april 2015 , kensington palace has confirmed .
kate 's pregnancy was announced last month but the due date had not been released until now .
in a statement , the palace said the 32-year-old duchess , who is around fourteen weeks pregnant , continued to suffer from extreme morning sickness but her condition was ` steadily improving ' .
scroll down for video .
spring baby : the duke and duchess of cambridge will be welcoming their second baby in april 2015 , kensington palace has confirmed .
the pregnant duchess will make her first public appearance on tuesday where she will join prince william to officially welcome singapore 's president tony tan as he begins a four-day visit to the uk .
the royal couple 's second baby will be fourth in line to the throne , behind one-year-old prince george , who was born in july last year .
kate recently took refuge with her parents while she was ` struggling terribly ' with her debilitating antenatal sickness .
the royal retreated to her family home in bucklebury , berkshire , last week with her son , prince george .
sources said the duchess ` has n't been at all well ' as she battles hyperemesis gravidarum , which causes severe vomiting in expectant mothers .
illness : kate , 32 , is around fourteen weeks pregnant with her second child , and has taken refuge with her parents and prince george due to her antenatal sickness .
her mother carole middleton has apparently helped to take charge of her recovery and has been researching alternative sickness cures , such as herbal tea , on the internet .
and despite the presence of spanish nanny maria borallo , mrs middleton has also been taking george off her daughter 's hands .
she has been seen in local shops with her 15-month-old grandson , prompting one startled assistant to write on twitter : ` served kate middleton 's mum and prince george today at work .
he is gorgeous !
' the duchess says she feels far more relaxed at the middleton family 's # 5million georgian mansion , bucklebury manor , than at kensington palace .
baby number two : kate was hospitalised with hyperemesis gravidarum and severe dehydration during her first pregnancy with