england could n't get their world cup campaign off to a winning start as italy beat roy hodgson 's men 2-1 in manaus .
daniel sturridge 's equaliser looked to have given england hope after they went 1-0 down , courtesy of a superb claudio marchisio strike , before mario balotelli sealed the win with a well-timed header .
but how did england fare as individuals ?
matt barlow gives his ratings .
video scroll down to hear what pep guardiola makes of the england team .
england suffered a disappointing night in manaus as they lost their world cup opener to italy in group d .
england -lrb- 4-2-3-1 -rrb- .
joe hart : 6 .
a little jittery at times as england flapped in front of him .
kept out a deflected candreva effort , teased out of goal by balotelli .
no chance with the goals .
conceded : joe hart -lrb- right -rrb- could n't stop mario balotelli -lrb- second from left -rrb- from giving italy a 2-1 lead .
glen johnson : 6 .
usual unsatisfactory mix of athleticism and sloppiness .
may have escaped with a handball .
phil jagielka : 7 .
solid and england 's best defender .
handled balotelli well in the main and showed good instinct to make the goal line clearance .
saved : phil jagielka was solid and england 's best defender .
he handled italy well and his goal-line clearance was superb .
gary cahill : 6 .
most of the threat for england came from tracking runners from wider and deeper but lost balotelli for the second italy goal .
leighton baines : 5.5 .
exposed by lack of protection and over-loaded with darmian and candreva .
unable to contribute going forward until italy sat back late on .
jordan henderson : 6.5 .
could not break up the italian passers but did what he does well .
covered the yards , forced early save , passed it well and made the right decisions .
steven gerrard : 7 .
strong and disciplined .
passed it as well as ever , and organised the team .
even shielded his centre-halves which is not always his strength .
captain : steven gerrard was strong and disciplined , passed it well , and organised the team .
it counted for little .
danny welbeck : 6.5 .
drifted