england secured a dramatic commonwealth games bronze in the men 's hockey with a penalty shootout victory over new zealand on sunday morning .
having led 2-1 and 3-2 at glasgow green , england were pegged back to 3-3 in regulation time by simon child 's equaliser .
but bobby crutchley 's side held their nerve in the shoot-out to prevail 4-2 and clinch a second hockey medal in little over 12 hours .
jumping for joy : england players celebrate winning bronze in a penalty shootout against new zealand .
england 's women had to settle for silver after losing on penalties to australia following a thrilling final on saturday night .
england 's men had been beaten to bronze on flicks in the third-place play-off in delhi four years ago.child opened the scoring for new zealand but alastair brogdon soon equalised from close range and a penalty corner strike four minutes before half-time from ashley jackson put england in front .
another penalty corner from jackson in the second half restored england 's lead after andy hayward had levelled for new zealand , but child 's late effort - through the legs of england goalkeeper george pinner - took the game to a shoot-out .
match-winning moment : ashley jackson scored the decisive strike to england a 4-2 penalty shootout win .
pinner 's save from blair hilton swung the advantage england 's way and a miss from child meant the outcome rested on simon mantell 's shoulders .
he was fouled by new zealand goalkeeper devon manchester and , after a failed video referral , england were awarded a penalty stroke .
jackson emphatically scored , before being mobbed by his team-mates .
crutchley was happy to see his side come out on the right side of a shoot-out , and hailed their glasgow 2014 experience .
` we lost to them -lrb- new zealand -rrb- in a shoot-out last january , so we were as prepared as we could be for this , ' he said .
` it was a very tough game for both teams .
i 'm happy the guys got rewarded with a bronze medal this time , because we have finished fourth too many times .
' hero : england goalkeeper blair hilton -lrb- left -rrb- saved new zealand penalties during their bronze medal shootout .
he added of the games