michael moore has confirmed that clint eastwood had previously threatened his life as the fallout between the pair continues after the filmmaker criticized the director 's movie , american sniper .
michael moore has confirmed that clint eastwood had previously threatened his life as the fallout between the pair continues after the filmmaker criticized the director 's movie , american sniper .
writing on his facebook page , the documentary maker said eastwood made the comments in january 2005 - '10 years ago this week ' at the national board of review awards dinner .
moore said eastwood announced ` to me and to the crowd that he would ` kill ' me if i ever came to his house with my camera for an interview .
` i 'll kill you , ' he declared .
' at the time eastwood was being honored for his film million dollar baby .
he made the comments after referring to moore 's on-camera confrontation with then-national rifle association president charlton heston in his documentary bowling for columbine .
speaking from the stage , eastwood said : ` michael moore and i actually have a lot in common .
` we both appreciate living in a country where there 's free expression .
but , michael , if you ever show up at my front door with a camera , i 'll kill you .
' moore said he laughed nervously along with the rest of the audience .
he assumed , eastwood was joking .
he wrote : having just experienced a half-dozen assaults in the previous year from crazies upset at ` fahrenheit 9/11 ' and my anti-war oscar speech , plus the attempt by a right wing extremist to blow up my house -lrb- he was caught in time and went to prison -rrb- , i was a bit stunned to hear eastwood , out of the blue , make such a violent statement .
but i instantly decided he was just trying to be funny , so i laughed the same nervous laugh everyone else did .
clint , though , did n't seem to like all that laughter .
' i mean it , ' he barked , and the audience grew more quiet .
` i 'll shoot you .
' moore said there was a ` smattering of approving applause ' , but most people