britain and its nato allies have been warned to beef up their defence spending after a ` black year ' of aggression from russia and islamic terrorism .
nato secretary-general jens stoltenberg said that the security environment for the western allies had ` fundamentally changed ' and required the alliance to ` change our defence posture ' .
he said the biggest challenge comes from russia , which has annexed crimea and is trying to destabilise eastern ukraine , but is also planning a vast programme of rearmament over the next five years .
russian defence minister sergei shoigu declared yesterday that despite the country 's economic woes , he would go ahead with a # 190billion programme to fully modernise the armed forces by 2020 .
nato secretary-general jens stoltenberg -lrb- pictured -rrb- said the security environment for the western allies had ` fundamentally changed ' in the past year .
he ominously warned that this would prevent any other country having ` military superiority over russia ' .
they plan for 70 to 100pc of russia 's weapons and equipment to be modernised by 2020 .
tensions between russia and the west have risen over the conflict in eastern ukraine , where the united states and europe say moscow is fuelling an insurgency by sending in troops and weapons .
mr stoltenberg said in brussels yesterday : ` 2014 was not a good year for european security .
in fact it was a black year .
our security environment has fundamentally changed ' .
he also highlighted the threat posed by islamic state terrorists and other groups such as those who killed 17 people in attacks on the office of charlie hebdo magazine and a jewish grocery store in paris this month .
` to the south , violent extremism is at our borders .
spreading turmoil across north africa and the middle east and fuelling terrorism on our own streets ' , he said .
but he warned russia 's increased defence capabilities including the ability to launch snap military exercises on a huge scale were ` part of the reason we have decided to change our defence posture ' .
the secretary-general , a former prime minister of norway , said : ` we have seen that russia is ready to use force ' , citing their intimidation of people in ukraine , and georgia and