the arizona police officer who rammed his car into an armed suspect was previously involved in a lawsuit while working for the new york police department .
michael rapiejko was accused of approaching a man as he got out of his car in october 2005 and pointing a gun at him before handcuffing him and threatening to shoot him in front of his wife and four children .
the plaintiff , luis colon , also claimed that rapiejko choked him and ordered that he get back into his car .
scroll down for videos .
michael rapiejko -lrb- above -rrb- was accused of approaching luis colon as he got out of his car in october 2005 , pointing a gun at him and threatening to shoot him .
according to nbc 4 , rapiejko 's defense team said that while their client did point a gun at the man and order him back into his car , the other claims were untrue .
colon was charged with obstructing governmental administration , resisting arrest and disorderly conduct , all charges that were dropped in april 2006 .
in the end , the city settled with colon for $ 20,000 under the condition that he dismiss all other claims .
the settlement was reached in december 2008 , the same time rapiejko left the new york police department and joined the tucson police department .
this as rapiejko is under fire for using possible excessive force when he mowed down an armed suspect -lrb- above -rrb- in his police vehicle .
the officer joined the marana police department roughly a year-and-a-half ago , where he is now being investigated by internal affairs .
rapiejko , a cross fit devotee , calls himself robocop .
video of the february 19 incident emerged earlier this week , and shows rapiejko , 34 , running into suspect mario valencia , who was carrying what appears to be a rifle , and who seems to point the weapon to the sky and fire off shots .
a police officer in one of the patrol cars says : ` one round just went out .
he 's definitely loaded .
' he then tells his colleague , officer michael rapiejko , in the other vehicle : ` stand off , the gun is loaded .
' mario valencia -lrb- above -rrb- was in the hospital for two