president barack obama dodged a question on friday about whether american troops will be part of a new nato rapid response force in eastern europe set up to warn russia that western nations could quickly mobilize if an allied country in the region were to come under attack .
nato secretary general anders fogh rasmussen said the new unit would send a clear message to potential aggressors in a thinly veiled warning to vladimir putin .
` should you even think of attacking one ally , you will be facing the whole alliance , ' he declared as a two-day nato summit in southern wales drew to a close .
but when obama was asked point-blank if he will send troops , he talked only of financial assistance .
scroll down for video .
obama said friday in wales that the us will put part of a promised $ 1 billion outlay into helping nato with its rapid-reaction force , but dodged a question about sending american troops to help .
tense : ukrainian soldiers ride a tank as a ceasefire was drawn up with russia and the nato summit concluded friday at the celtic manor resort in newport , wales .
great britain has signaled a desire to send 3,500 soldiers in total -- a number pm david cameron later downgraded to 1,000 .
canada is reportedly considering the same level of commitment .
` in warsaw , ' obama said during a press conference in wales , ' i announced $ 1 billion in our initiative .
a sizable portion of that will be devoted to implementing various aspects of this .
' he discussed the need to support nato 's plan with logistical help to plan troop rotations and execute ` air policing , ' saying money from washington ` allows us to supplement it .
' ` we want to make it crystal clear : we mean what we say when we talk about article 5 commitments , ' obama pledged .
during a press briefing on tuesday , a state department spokeswoman told reporters that she was ` not ruling anything in or out ' on the question of u.s. troop deployments under nato 's banner for the new force .
but the associated press wrote wednesday that america ` will contribute troops and equipment ' to the new nato contingent .
there was no