by .
bianca london .
lauren pope has been showcasing some .
serious style credentials in marbella , quickly earning herself a .
reputation as quite the towie fashionista .
and now , the reality star is helping fans channel her look by unveiling her first-ever high summer collection for e-tailer inthestyle.co.uk .
the tropical-inspired range features an eclectic mix of dresses , jumpsuits , skirts and co-ord sets .
new range : lauren pope , who is currently filming for towie in marbella , has unveiled her high summer range for inthestyle.co.uk -lrb- trousers , # 29.99 -rrb- .
speaking about the 26-piece range , the model and dj told mailonline : ` it is full of key pieces and items you would see me wearing .
i 'm really excited for people to see it .
' the designer , who models the whole range herself , explained that she 's added a lot more colour and softer fabrics , as well as sharp tailoring to the collection .
marbella style : lauren says that her new 26-piece range is perfect for emulating her spanish summer style - she 's even been spotted wearing a few of the pieces during filming there -lrb- jacket , # 29.99 -rrb- .
staying true to her style : speaking about the 26-piece range , the model and dj said it 's full of key pieces and items you would see her wearing herself -lrb- dress , # 27.99 -rrb- .
posing up : lauren would absolutely ` love ' to see victoria beckham , nicole richie and blake lively wearing her designs -lrb- maxi dress , # 34.99 -rrb- .
speaking about her inspiration , she said : ' i always look to catwalks for inspiration and to fashion bloggers and some celebrities but once i see something i like , i tend to give it a little twist of my own , we do n't want to be a copy of anything else out there .
' lauren , who cites her favourite designers as balenciaga , balmain , celine and saint laurent and loves to shop at zara , oasis , river island and missguided on the high street , says she finds it hard to describe her personal style .
` it 's hard to describe as i tend to chuck different styles together and if i like