by .
kieran gill .
follow @@ kie1410 .
russia manager fabio capello launched a stinging attack on the referee after blaming his side 's exit from the world cup on a laser pen .
the former england boss claimed his goalkeeper was blinded by a green beam of light from the crowd just before conceding an equaliser from algeria that knocked them out of the tournament .
a furious capello declared ` all referees are against us ' after rebuking the match officials for allowing the goal to stand .
scroll down for video .
blinded : capello says russia goalkeeper igor akinfeev was blinded by a laser just before algeria 's goal .
he said : ' i do n't like to speak about referees , but every time it 's against russia !
` our goalkeeper was affected by a laser 10 seconds before the goal .
he was blinded by a laser , there are photos , films of it .
' islam .
slimani 's 60th-minute equalizer came after russia goalkeeper igor .
akinfeev failed to catch a swinging left-foot free kick from yacine .
brahimi .
however , there .
were indications on the tv broadcast that a green laser was being shone .
toward the goalkeeper from someone in the crowd just before the free .
kick was taken .
fuming : russia manager fabio capello speaks to the referees after their 1-1 draw with algeria .
discussion : russia 's failure to win cost them their place in the world cup as algeria progressed .
russia .
knew three points would be enough to make the last 16 but were held to a .
1-1 draw in their group h finale , ending their world cup campaign with .
just two goals and two points .
capello , .
a man who previously experienced world cup disappointment after .
managing england at the 2010 tournament , feels the referees have been .
against his team .
but capello , under contract until 2018 , will not quit as boss .
' i will continue to work for the russian national .
team , if they want me to continue , ' he said .
out : russia will go home but took the lead against algeria initially before an all-important equaliser .
frustrated : capello has taken charge of seven world cup