by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
00:22 est , 21 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
00:27 est , 21 march 2013 .
mcdonald 's has unveiled a permanent new offering to its menu : chicken mcwraps .
the world 's biggest hamburger chain says the new sandwich wrap will come in three varieties of chicken & bacon , sweet chili chicken and chicken & ranch while aiming to appeal to healthier , ingredient-conscious diners .
the oak brook , ill.-based chain says the mcwraps , already similarly found in other parts of the world , use the same type of flour tortillas and chicken as its snack wraps , which were introduced in 2006 .
here to stay : mcdonald 's is adding chicken mcwrap sandwich wraps that come in three varieties to their permanent food menu , one pictured .
but two of the new mcwraps will come with .
cucumbers , which the company says will mark the first time the .
vegetable will be part of its core menu .
the wraps range from 360 to 600 calories , depending on whether people pick grilled or deep-fried chicken .
mcdonald 's corp. has been stepping up the pace of its new menu offerings as it struggles to grow sales in the challenging economy .
last year , the company ousted the head of its u.s. division after a monthly sales figure fell for the first time in nearly a decade .
by refreshing its menu , mcdonald 's is hoping to hold onto customers as it faces a shifting industry and intensifying competition from the likes of burger king and wendy 's .
next week , for instance , the wendy 's co. plans to roll out its ` flatbread grilled chicken sandwiches ' in two varieties ; an asiago ranch flavor will have 530 calories and the honey mustard flavor will have 370 calories .
selection : the wraps range from 360 to 600 calories , depending on whether people pick grilled or deep-fried chicken , and have a suggested price of $ 3.99 .
the latest offerings also reflect the changing tastes of diners , who are increasingly looking for more premium ingredients with a healthier image - even at fast-food chains .
mcdonald 's , for example , is officially calling the new wraps ` premium mcwraps .