by .
taylor auerbach .
ian thorpe 's manager said the olympic champion is expected to be released from hospital ` in days ' in a rare piece of good news for the swimming world .
thorpe , 31 , has been battling a severe infection in a sydney hospital since a major shoulder operation in late february and was undergoing ` around-the-clock ' medical care .
on tuesday evening , thorpe 's manager will erskine revealed his client had all but conquered the mystery superbug and planned to leave hospital soon .
sunny skies : ian thorpe , 31 , will be out of hospital in days , his manager said .
` he 's doing well , he 's recovered very well in fact , ' mr erskine told mailonline .
` he 's due to get out of hospital very soon ... as in days .
he 's got on top of the infection .
` there 's obviously still a lot of structural damage which might require future surgery for future surgeries but he 's in a lot better shape than he was a few weeks ago .
' mr erskine said the five-time olympic gold medalist and world record holder would first be checked in to a ` mental health facility ' for treatment of his depression and then planned to resume a number of media commitments .
things first started turning pear-shaped for thorpe when a shoulder operation , believed to have been carried out in bankstown , was botched in late january .
champion effort : the superstar swimmer was in intensive hospital care as he battled the infection .
he required a number of ` repeat ' surgeries and picked up a superbug around a month later .
there was at the time a ` miniscule ' chance doctors would have to amputate thorpe 's arm to save him from the infection .
in early february the troubled superstar was found wandering in a ` dazed and disoriented state ' by police in panania , in sydney 's west .
he has battled depression since the early 2000s , his autobiography revealed .
thorpe 's manager would not comment directly on the plight of geoff huegill - charged with possession of an illicit drug on saturday - but said it was not an ideal look for the sport of swimming .
`