he stepped off the plane in tallinn very much the plan b and , despite adam lallana 's best efforts , he will fly home as the plan b as well .
it 's not that lallana did a great deal wrong in england 's underwhelming 1-0 win over estonia , but when roy hodgson resorts to bringing on a player who before the match declared himself fatigued to provide the spark it does n't bode too well .
the ` tired one ' was lallana 's liverpool accomplice raheem sterling and with an uninspiring england trying to break down 10-men estonia after the hour mark , he was summoned from the bench to offer a much-needed injection of pace .
lallana carries the ball forward on one of his trademark driving runs as england search for the breakthrough .
lallana carries england 's attack during the second half as they seek to take advantage of having a man more .
lallana 's heat map from the match showed how he covered a great swath of the midfield .
raheem sterling was introduced to good effect as england chased a goal in the second half .
lallana is not without speed but he simply ca n't muster the raw acceleration that sterling can when needs must .
he had impressed for much of the first-half but faded a little after the break and fresh legs were definitely required to lift england to the victory that maintained their perfect start to euro 2016 qualification .
tiredness eventually catches up with even 19-year-olds and sterling , who has been carrying a heavy burden of expectation for both club and country this season , felt it necessary to tell hodgson on the eve of the match that he was suffering the effects .
sterling , who was taken off at half-time in thursday 's rout of san marino with the more demanding trip to the baltics in mind , had very much been hodgson 's plan a and the england system had been tweaked accordingly .
but instead of him , it was lallana who took position at the top of a midfield diamond behind frontmen wayne rooney and danny welbeck .
lallana is muscled off the ball by estonia 's joel lindpere during the euro 2016 qualifier .
lallana gets the better of estonia 's martin vunk to win the ball during