by .
hugo duncan .
published : .
06:08 est , 29 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:28 est , 29 may 2013 .
the british economy will perform better than all its major european rivals this year as the sluggish recovery picks up pace , a leading global watchdog said yesterday .
the organisation for economic cooperation and development forecast growth of 0.8 per cent in the uk in 2013 -- slightly weaker than the 0.9 per cent previously expected .
but it slashed its forecast for the eurozone from a decline of 0.1 per cent to a reverse of 0.6 per cent -- with britain doing better than germany , france , italy and spain .
recovery : the uk economy will grow by just 0.8 per cent , the oecd predicts as it urged investment in infrastructure to secure growth .
pier carlo padoan , the group 's chief .
economist , said : ` the british economy is recovering slowly and that .
reflects the fact that europe is doing poorly .
growth is expected to .
pick up gradually through 2013 and 2014 .
' the paris-based think tank said .
chancellor george osborne 's austerity plans were ` appropriate ' and .
` necessary ' and added that the outlook in the uk was far brighter than .
on the continent , where the situation is ` dire ' .
but , in its twice-yearly economic .
outlook report , it said ` much more needs to be done ' to repair britain 's .
battered finances and bolster growth .
the oecd called for increased .
spending on infrastructure projects such as housing and transport to .
help the uk overcome the ` strong headwinds ' buffeting the economy .
` continuing to shift the composition .
of public expenditure in favour of infrastructure investment would .
enhance growth prospects , ' said the organisation , which cast doubt over .
the decision to protect large parts of public spending from cuts , such .
as the nhs , education and overseas aid .
jorgen elmeskov , its deputy chief .
economist , said : ` we are perhaps somewhat doubtful -lsb- as -rsb- to the idea of .
ring-fencing certain spending areas .
that tends to lead to deeper cuts .
in other areas which may not be warranted