by .
jack doyle , political correspondent .
stressed : parents and carers - who already have the right to ask for flexible working - could lose out to those with less pressing responsibilities .
britain 's 30million workers will have the right to demand flexible hours from monday -- even if they just want a lie-in or time off to pursue a hobby .
they will not have to give a reason why they want to be off at certain times and companies have been told they can not judge requests on merit .
it means parents and carers -- who already have the right to ask for flexible working -- could lose out to those with less pressing responsibilities .
a request from a mother who wants to start work later so she can take her children to nursery will carry no more weight than one from a colleague simply wanting to spend a bit longer in bed .
bosses expect to be hit with a deluge of requests which must be considered in the order received .
astonishingly , government officials have told business groups that if employers receive conflicting requests which they can not honour they should ` put the names in a hat ' .
adam marshall , director of policy at the british chambers of commerce , said the new rules meant that those with stronger claims to flexible working could lose out .
he said : ` the new rules make it harder for employers to prioritise requests .
they can not prioritise one employee over another , whereas before you could prioritise those who had childcare responsibilities or carer responsibilities for example .
' when the measures were first announced by nick clegg in november 2012 , businesses warned they would lead to more red tape .
many firms already offer flexible terms , but there are fears that the new rules could lead to a string of legal actions .
there are also concerns that the ` right to ask ' for flexible working will be confused with a ` right to have ' .
phil orford , chief executive of the forum of private business , said : ` our members recognise the benefits of flexible working and wherever possible have sought to work with employees to provide flexible working options .
` however , extending the right to request