a bee attack during a baseball game in utah forced players and spectators to flee , sending one man to the hospital and injuring several others .
st. george fire capt. robert hooper says the man was stung between 200 and 300 times late friday morning at elk 's field in st. george .
but he told the deseret news the man did n't exhibit any signs of a severe reaction , and was alert and talking to emergency responders .
hooper said an established underground beehive near a telephone pole at the baseball field was disturbed just after 11 a.m. scroll down for video .
spray away : fire crews in st. george , utah , blast a swarm of bees that attacked a baseball on friday with foam and water to kill them .
several were injured .
swarmed : baseball fans watching a tournament at elk 's field in st. george on friday got the scare of their lives when hundreds of bees began attacking them while they were sitting on the bleachers .
victim : several people at the game had to be treated for stings , such as this boy , who was hit on the arm .
ouch : some women at the game show the stings to their head they received when the bees descended .
hit : this st. george woman was one of several stung by bees at elk 's field on friday during a freak attack .
attack : one man was seriously injured and several other people received minor injuries when over 1,000 bees swarmed elks field in st. george , utah , about 11am friday after their underground hive was disturbed .
the victim 's name was n't immediately released , however he is said to be in his eighties , according tokcsg .
several other people were treated for stings at the scene .
lone peak high school baseball coach matt bezzant told the spectrum newspaper of st. george that the bees came from a dugout and players were chased by as many as 70 bees at one point .
fire crews doused the dugout area with a chemical foam to combat the bees .
it 's not known exactly what caused the bees to become so aggressive but fire officials say it 's not uncommon for bees to begin migrating and colonizing at this time of