more than 60 per cent of comments on obamacare 's facebook page have come from fewer than 100 people , a report has revealed .
the site has amassed 226,838 posts since september 2012 - a significant number that has boosted the page in search engines .
but an investigation by the washington times has found 136,103 of those were left by a small collection of facebook users - many of whom have at least three profiles .
paid commentators ?
an investigation has found 60 per cent of comments left on the obamacare facebook page since september 2012 have been left by fewer than 100 people , many of whom have multiple profiles .
the revelation came just hours before a poll found obamacare to be more unpopular than ever , with just 37 per cent support - just as the state and federal health exchanges central to the health care reform law reopen for business .
organizing for action , which runs the facebook page and obama 's twitter profile , refused to confirm or deny whether people were paid to comment on the site , the times said .
the most prolific commentator on the obamacare facebook site , california-based cyndi huynh , posted 59 times a day in 60 days .
her posts came only during working hours and never on weekends , the times 's data analytics team discovered .
huynh , who has campaigned for the california democratic party , told the times she has a full-time job and does not get paid for her posts but operates under multiple aliases to maximize her influence on the site .
on her linkedin page , huynh describes herself as a safety and environmental compliance coordinator at production and management company anonymous content .
prolific : cyndi huynh once posted 59 times a day for 60 days during working hours and not on weekends .
alias : she admitted to operating under four profiles , including this one , to maximize her influence on the site .
and another : this is the third of four profiles she used , but insists she does not get paid for the service .
when mailonline called the los angeles anonymous content office nobody could verify her claim to work there , and she did not appear on a list of employees .
obamacare invited huynh to be a