the wrecked fuselage of the airasia jet at the bottom of the java sea is to be raised to the surface with special balloons after rough conditions again prevented divers from searching for trapped bodies on saturday .
it was the third attempt by divers to swim the 30m down to the main body of the aircraft which is believed to contain most of the bodies of the passengers .
one more body was recovered from the sea 's surface today - bringing the total found to 51 - but experts believe scores of others are still strapped to their seats inside the wreckage .
it comes one week after investigators searching for black boxes in the crashed airasia plane lifted the tail portion out of the java sea on saturday , two weeks after it went down , killing all 162 people on board .
scroll down for video .
national disaster agency officers load debris of the airasia flight 8501 onto a truck today in surabaya , eastern java island .
disaster agency officers carry a coffin today with the remains of a passenger .
the crew of singapore 's mv swift rescue observing a minute of silence for the victims of ?
airasia flight qz8501 .
as officials carried the coffins of victims today , others were preparing to raise the wrecked fuselage of the airasia jet to the surface with special balloons .
after today 's diving failure , caused by strong underwater currents and poor visibility , search officials say they will now attempt to raise the fuselage to the surface using special balloons before it is lifted by cranes onto a ship .
` we got down a little way , but then it became dangerous to continue to dive further , ' said mr henry bambang soelistyo , head of the national search and rescue agency .
` but we did discover more wreckage down there , as well as what looked like passenger seats with bodies in them .
` we have also seen what we suspect is the cockpit and an engine , so there 's a lot of work to be done .
' divers have already recovered the vital flight data recorder and the cockpit voice recorder and experts in jakarta have started to download the data .
the tail portion of of airasia flight 8501 was raised a