a heroic mother who had to leave her dead five-month-old baby behind and walk a mile to seek help after a plane crash has told of her ` heartbreak ' at her loss of her newborn son .
melanie coffee told family members she has yet to come to terms with the death of her son wyatt as she recovers from her own injuries .
the 25-year-old is being comforted by the baby 's father and her mother as she recovers in an alaska hospital .
devastated : melanie coffee told family members she has yet to come to terms with the death of her son wyatt as she recovers from her own injuries .
tragedy : wyatt , melanie 's first child , died in the crash .
his mother made desperate attempts to revive him .
her uncle ayo coffee said : ` she is heartbroken .
this is a tragedy for her and all the family .
' coffee has been hailed a hero for walking over a mile in blizzard like conditions to reach rescuers after the light aircraft she was travelling in plunged to the ground .
the young mum had desperately tried to revive her son wyatt before going for help and guiding rescue workers back to the crash site .
three others , including the pilot , died when the regular shuttle flight from a remote south west alaska town crashed on friday evening .
she was the only one of six survivors who could make the arduous journey .
coffee is being comforted by her partner keith andrew at a hospital in anchorage where she underwent an operation on her arm .
she also suffered chest injuries .
wyatt was the first child for 32-year - old andrew and coffee .
crash : the plane plummeted as it prepared to land during short shuttle flight between remote alaskan vilalges .
four died and six survived .
comfort : coffee is being supported by partner keith andrew - wyatt 's father - at a hospital in anchorage where she underwent an operation on her arm .
she posted this picture on facebook after the tragedy .
` melanie is heartbroken and is coming to terms with what 's happened .
the family are rallying round her , ' said her uncle alo coffee .
` her mother is at the hospital and by