in a terrifying abduction attempt a sydney nurse has fought off a stranger who tried to drag her into the boot of his car .
the 28-year-old nurse was walking along falcon street after finishing a late shift at north shore private hospital when a silver bmw pulled up and a man jumped from the car .
he grabbed the nurse , put his hand over her mouth and tried to drag her into the boot of the car .
it was only after the nurse hit the man in the groin that he released his grip and she was able to make her escape .
the nurse luckily only suffered cuts and bruises , although badly shaken by the incident .
cctv footage shows the nurse in her uniform strolling down a busy sydney road late on wednesday night .
her alleged attacker drives by in his car as she walks along the street .
police said that the car was a silver bmw driven by a man of middle eastern or indian descent .
police described the man as middle eastern or indian , aged in his 30s and about 175cm tall with a stocky build .
cctv footage showed the nurse in her uniform strolling down a busy sydney road late on wednesday night .
she follows the pacific highway bend at crows nest and turns onto falcon st. after the attack the man is last seen at about 10.25 pm driving up sophia street , a narrow one-way lane lined with houses .
residents said they heard the woman scream before she ran to a nearby caltex station where the attendant tried to calm her down until police arrived minutes later .
officers took footage from cameras at businesses on crows nest 's main drag , including some showing the nurse walking on her own .
after the attack the man was last seen driving up sophia street , a narrow one-way lane lined with houses .
detectives have collected cctv footage from the station , believed to show the traumatised woman running inside .
officers also took footage from cameras at businesses on crows nest 's main drag , including some showing the nurse walking on her own .
superintendent allan sicard says every detective in his local command is on the case and the sex crimes squad is involved .
supt sicard said getting