about 20 passengers , some of them screaming and trampling others , fled through emergency doors and onto the tarmac at a los angeles international airport terminal monday after someone incorrectly said an armed man was on the loose , authorities and witnesses said .
the ` misinformed announcement ' near a boarding area apparently stemmed from a police pursuit of an unarmed driver that ended outside terminal 2 , lax police sgt. belinda joseph said .
police responded to an emergency call around 9am reporting that a man may be trying to commit suicide .
they apprehended the man , and the fire department took him to a hospital for treatment of an unspecified condition .
but ` someone said that there was a man with a gun , which was not true , ' joseph said .
no danger : police are seen above taking a man into custody outside los angeles international airport monday morning .
the arrest led someone inside the terminal to incorrectly state that there was a ` man with a gun ' on the loose .
running for their lives : that incorrect announcement caused passengers to panic and start fleeing , some running out the doors and onto the tarmac .
police say the man arrested this morning was not armed .
benjamin horton , a photojournalist who was in the terminal at the time , told the associated press in an email that it was clear from people 's reactions they thought it was a dire situation .
horton said , ` people started screaming and i could hear the trampling of a large number of people coming down the terminal .
by the looks on people 's faces and the way that they were scattering it seemed to me that people were trying to get away from a shooter by the body language and the way that some were hiding and others were running .
' horton said he hid behind a pillar and saw an elderly woman fall and get partially trampled but did n't appear to be injured .
police initially said the rumor was spread over a public address system but later said the announcement was made by someone at the gate area .
it was unknown whether an airport or airline employee , a passenger or someone else spread the incorrect information .
travelers who fled