by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
04:08 est , 13 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
08:31 est , 13 november 2012 .
vandals defaced a war memorial with jihadist graffiti just hours after veterans day services were held at the site .
the vandal scrawled ` canada will burn ; praise allah ' in black marker pen across a memorial sculpture in coronation park , toronto .
it came just a few hours after anti-war protesters interrupted the two minute silence during the ceremony at toronto 's old city hall sunday morning by chanting slogans .
clean up : council workers intoronto scrub jihadist graffiti off a war memorial in coronation park .
police are now hunting for the culprits of what they are describing as a ` hate crime ' .
detective anthony williams told the toronto sun : ` the veterans should be respected .
that 's a total disrespect for our sworn members and military members who have made the ultimate sacrifice .
' city cleaners had to scrub the memorial to remove the graffiti on monday morning .
george murphy , 72 , whose father fought in the battle of monte cassino and in normandy during the second world war , was left distraught by the sight of the vandalised memorial .
he said : ' i think it 's terrible to see them destroy what these veterans have done for us .
it 's like stepping on them .
these people wanted to protect our lives .
my father would be very upset over this .
' ` upsetting ' : vandals wrote ` canada will burn ; praise allah ' in black marker pen over the memorial on remembrance sunday .
graffiti was spotted just a few hours after anti-war protesters chanted slogans throughout the remembrance day two minute silence in the city .
john mcewen , 67 , built the memorial in 1995 to symbolise the military contributions of canada since world war i .
he said : ` do i take it personally ?
no , and i do n't think the veterans should take it personally .
stupidity is n't even politics .
stupidity is ignorance and ignorance is an indulgence in a place where you do n't know what 's going on .
' officers are also investigating other vandalism where ` holy jihad