joe hart has declared that he totally respects the authority of manuel pellegrini , as the manchester city boss comes under increased pressure at the etihad stadium following defeat to barcelona .
the goalkeeper was outstanding as city were beaten 3-1 on aggregate in the champions league last-16 , with only his string of saves over the two legs preventing pellegrini 's side from an even more embarrassing result .
hart was dropped by the chilean following a poor run of form last season , but returned soon afterwards as manchester city went on to win the premier league title and the capital one cup .
joe hart chats to david james for a special bt sport interview set to air at 6.30 pm on friday night .
the england goalkeeper was speaking to james during ` david james meets joe hart ' hart said that manchester city boss manuel pellegrini has his full backing despite a disappointing season .
this season has been less straightforward so far , but hart , speaking to david james during david james meets joe hart in a special programme which airs on bt sport 1 at 6.30 pm on friday , is adamant the under-fire manager retains his total respect .
` it was bad because i never wanted to come out the team , but i had to - the manager made his decision , ' said hart .
' i thought he was fantastic with me how he was .
` as a manager , i totally respect his authority .
he had a decision to make , he did n't just flip a board and suddenly you 're not playing .
' i just wanted to use the time for the best , and when i did come in , i wanted it to feel natural .
i just wanted to slot in .
i did n't want to come in and make a million saves .
i did n't want to come in and change a game .
i just wanted to slot back in , that 's the way it should be , and carry on .
' hart -lrb- left -rrb- , robert green -lrb- centre -rrb- and james training with england during the 2010 world cup in south africa .
pellegrini gestures in frustration on the touchline during manchester city 's 1-0 defeat at barcelona .