dougie freedman has left bolton ` by mutual consent ' after almost two years as manager .
the scot looked as if he would be in charge for saturday 's match against bournemouth but chairman phil gartside has decided to act .
academy director jimmy phillips , who was briefly joint-caretaker boss with sammy lee before freedman 's appointment , is the strong bookies ' favourite , with brian mcdermott , tim sherwood , neil lennon and malky mackay also in the mix .
dougie freedman -lrb- centre -rrb- has been sacked after bolton 's 4-0 hammering by fulham at craven cottage .
the championship table .
in a statement gartside said : ` dougie has worked tirelessly off the field to improve the infrastructure of the football club .
unfortunately , recent results on the pitch have not reflected all his work off it .
` the club has faced a difficult time following our relegation from the premier league and dougie has helped to restructure the club in order for it to become successful again under ever-tightening constraints .
' i would like to thank dougie personally for all his commitment and efforts for bolton wanderers .
' gartside had been loyal to freedman - who has had to cut costs and work within tighter budgetary constraints - and believed there were signs the manager was heading in the right direction .
however , results and recent performances put pressure on him to make a change before bolton get cut adrift by the teams above them .
the main issue seemed to be whether they could pay freedman off - and then who would replace him .
the club also unsurprisingly announced that they had cancelled their friday press conference .
freedman and his no 2 lennie lawrence leave the pitch after a chastening night for the ex-bolton manager .
odds from coral .
7-2 jimmy phillips , 10-1 brian mcdermott , neil lennon , tim sherwood , billy davies , 12-1 malky mackay , roberto di matteo , 16-1 ole gunnar solksjaer , tony mowbray , phil brown , keith hill .
bolton have won just once in the championship this season and are second from bottom with only blackpool - who only had eight players the day before the season started - below them .
the players did not seem to be playing for freedman and