by .
tamara cohen for daily mail .
david cameron has joined the open revolt against john bercow over his bid to hand a top parliamentary job to an ` unqualified ' australian .
the prime minister ridiculed the speaker at a meeting with tory mps , asking whether he should now stuff the letter recommending carol mills for the job ` down the back of the sofa ' .
according to tradition , the prime minister receives a letter naming the candidate chosen for the # 200,000-a-year job as clerk of the house , and passes it on to the queen .
commons speaker john bercow has written to david cameron recommending carol mills for the top job in parliament , but has since put the plan on hold after a backlash from mps .
since sending the letter recommending miss mills last month , mr bercow has been forced into a humiliating retreat , after dozens of mps signed a motion questioning her suitability for the role .
a senior official at the australian senate , they say she may have the administrative skills to run the palace of westminster but has no knowledge of procedure -- on which the clerk must advise mps .
miss mills has been dubbed the ` canberra caterer ' because her duties there involved running the senate kitchens .
the speaker told parliament on monday that he acknowledged the barrage of concerns from mps on all sides and announced a ` pause ' in the recruitment process .
mps piled in later that afternoon , with eleven of them raising ` points of order ' to question him over the issue as the prime minister looked on .
last night , according to insiders at a private meeting of tory mps , mr cameron stoked the row by joking to colleagues : ` i considered raising a couple of points of order myself ' .
the prime minister added : ` what am i supposed to do with the letter he 's given me ?
give it to the queen or stuff it down the back of the sofa ?
' .
former transport minister simon burns lead the charge in parliament today asking mr bercow : ` will you be withdrawing -lsb- the letter -rsb- until after the pause has been completed ... or will it just float around in no