by .
mario ledwith .
published : .
06:00 est , 27 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
06:48 est , 27 november 2012 .
as one of africa 's deadliest hunters , you might think tourists would be a tad intimidated by coming face-to-face with a cheetah .
but one group of big game watchers in kenya 's maasai mara national reserve had no option but to get up close and personal with the world 's fastest land animal .
expecting to only admire the animal from afar , the group was taken aback when the spotted cat pounced on its 4x4 and sat only inches away .
strike a pose : the cheetah unexpectedly pounced on the big game watchers ' 4x4 in kenya 's maasai mara national reserve .
she 's a natural : amateur photographer dr serhat demiroglu captured the amazing moment , as the female cheetah struck poses only inches from the amazed tourists .
close-up : dr serhat demiroglu captured the cheetah from only inches away .
the doctor , from bodrum , turkey , said the animal was so close he could feel its breath .
rather than trying to intimidate or analyse the group of stunned .
tourists , the female cheetah struck up a number of poses as they began to take pictures .
amateur photographer dr serhat demiroglu ,44 , could not believe his luck when the cat pounced on the vehicle .
the doctor , from bodrum , turkey , was able to take a number of close-ups of the cat through the vehicle 's sun roof , before it left and jumped on a second truck full of tourists .
dr demiroglu described the incident as ' a bit of a dream ' and said the cat was so close he could feel its breath .
cat on a hot tin roof : a tourist poses beside the female cheetah , which is the world 's fastest land animal and a deadly hunter .
elegant : the tourists described the animal as ` very friendly ' and said that the cheetah showed ` no aggression at all ' he said : ' l was taking photos of a cheetah and her cub when she started getting very close to our vehicle .
within a second she had jumped on to the roof which was totally open