chris brunt admits stopping christian benteke creating ` mayhem ' again is key to west brom 's derby hopes .
the baggies skipper is wary of the aston villa striker ahead of saturday 's west midlands clash at the hawthorns .
benteke has helped villa to back-to-back wins following a seven-month lay off from a ruptured achilles and scored his first goal of the season in their 1-0 victory at crystal palace last week .
christian benteke celebrates after scoring his first goal of the season against crystal palace .
the belgium international has returned to fitness after seven months out with a ruptured achilles .
his return was interrupted by a three-game ban after a red card against tottenham in november but brunt knows the baggies must control the belgium .
` just kick him , ' he joked , when asked how they will deal with benteke .
` you just have to watch the stuff when we played against them last year , especially the one at villa park , where he caused us mayhem .
` he 's a big miss for anyone , a striker of that quality .
he brings so many different attributes , he 's good in the air , a strong guy and he can score goals .
he 's a good all-round striker .
` for them to lose someone like that for so long was a big blow but to have him back is going to give you and others around you a lift .
west brom 's chris brunt -lrb- centre -rrb- has warned that derby success could depend on stopping benteke .
benteke comes close to scoring in his last game before being denied by leicester keeper kasper schmeichel .
` he is someone we have to contain because he is a handful .
' brunt , who is a doubt with a hamstring injury , scored in albion 's 4-3 defeat at villa park last season where they lost a 2-0 lead for the second time in the campaign .
the baggies were 2-0 up only to draw 2-2 in the first game and the midfielder knows they blew it against villa .
` at home we ran out of steam but the away game was ridiculously daft , ' said the 29-year-old , with albion one point above the barclays premier league drop zone .