by .
jennifer newton .
as the 70th anniversary of d-day approaches one woman will be remembering the hero father she never met .
lieutenant den brotheridge was the first allied soldier to be killed in action on june 6 , 1944 , which marked the beginning of the end of the second world war .
back home his wife margaret was eight months pregnant with their daughter , also to be called margaret with the baby being born two weeks after his death .
mr brotheridge , pictured with his wife-to-be maggie , mother of margaret , during the early 1940s .
lieutenant den brotheridge , the first soldier to be killed on d-day after being shot in a gun battle .
mr brotheridge , left , died before the birth of his daughter margaret , right , who is now 69 .
she will be travelling to france to visit his grave as part of the 70th anniversary commemorations of d-day .
on friday margaret , now 69 from honiton in devon , will be among the millions commemorating the anniversary of d-day , where more than 10,000 allied troops died .
mr brotheridge was 29 when he boarded a glider across the english channel and then gathered his men on a beach after crash landing .
he then led the charge to clear enemy trenches at the caen canal ridge but was hit in the neck during an exchange of fire .
but his platoon still managed to capture two key bridges , with the caen canal bridge later being named the pegasus bridge , after the emblem of the british airbourne forces .
his daughter margaret always knew that her father died but did n't realise the extent of his heroics and bravery until she was in her early 30s .
mr and mrs brotheridge , pictured in the early 1940s before the birth of their daughter , margaret , who never met her father .
margaret and her mother maggie , pictured , visited her father 's grave in a cemetery in ranville , france in 1994 .
ms botheridge always knew that her father had died but it was n't until she was in her 30s that she realised her father 's bravery .
in 1994 she visited his grave in ranville in france and again this week she will be making the trip