acid attack victim turned tv presenter katie piper has announced her engagement .
the 31-year-old shared her happy news on twitter this morning where she told fans her carpenter boyfriend james had got down on one knee .
she tweeted : ` so excited to tell you all ... .
i became someone 's fiancé last night !
i 'm engaged to be married :-rrb- ' .
scroll down for video .
katie piper has announced her engagement to carpenter boyfriend james on twitter this morning .
she posted the tweet on saturday morning where she told fans she is due to be married after proposal last night .
it is thought the pair dressed up for a romantic evening and a three-course dinner at their home in london yesterday .
she posted a picture on instagram last night of her meal of baked cod capers , cooked by her now fiance and father of their baby daughter , belle elizabeth , who was born in march this year .
alongside the pictures she wrote : ` pretending we are going out for dinner !
cooking 3 course meal , dressed in our best clothes - all taking place at our kitchen table !
parents night in/out #nobabysitterneeded .
' with her second snap she posted : ' i think my boyfriend has potential as a chef !
baked cod with capers , ' before making the big announcement on twitter today .
the presenter posted this image on her instagram last night where she told fans she was enjoying a three course meal at home with her boyfriend .
katie gave birth to baby daughter belle elizabeth in march this year .
her due date was thursday , march 27 , 2014 - the date of the six-year anniversary of when she was raped by her ex-boyfriend danny lynch .
the couple met after being set up by friend juliet , who gave james her number .
they shared their first phone call , which katie admits was ` nervous and stilted ' but they soon started to relax , telling each other about their jobs .
the pair arranged to meet up for a drink and a trip to the cinema .
' i figured that if he did turn out to be a starer , at least going to the cinema would keep his eyes elsewhere ,