by .
richard shears .
published : .
05:15 est , 22 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
11:41 est , 22 november 2012 .
an australian elephant keeper , who was almost crushed to death by the animal she had cared for from its birth , told for the first time today how she felt ` challenged ' before the beast attacked her .
lucy melo , 40 , who spent 12 days in hospital after suffering a heart attack and severe injuries when the elephant pinned her to a metal bollard at sydney 's taronga zoo , said she noticed a change in the usually timid pathi harn moments before the attack .
miss melo gave a dramatic insight into the incident in a letter posted on the taronga zoo website today .
scroll down for video .
elephant attack : zoo keeper lucy melo -lrb- pictured with an unknown elephant -rrb- was almost crushed to death by the animal when he pinned her to a metal bollard at sydney 's taronga zoo .
she told how the elephant 's trunk , which he had forced against her chest , took her breath away and prevented her from ordering him to move away .
although conscious when paramedics arrived at the zoo , she then lapsed into a coma and had a cardiac arrest for about five minutes .
the medics managed to save her life but she remained critical in hospital for several days afterwards .
miss melo said she noticed a change in the two-year-old elephant -- formerly known as mr shuffles -- when he failed to respond to one of her orders during a routine training session .
` when he did not respond , i sensed a behavioural change in him and realised he was thinking of challenging me , ' she wrote of the elephant she and other keepers had hand-reared followed his traumatic birth .
close call : miss melo told how the elephant put his trunk against her chest , took her breath away and prevented her from ordering him to move away at taronga zoo -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
` i immediately tried to redirect his thoughts by asking him for a different behaviour and at the same time i was making my way out of the stall .
` unfortunately , just as i was almost out