by .
ryan gorman .
and associated press reporter .
one person is dead and another 19 are injured after a stolen car going the wrong way on an indiana highway slammed head-on into a greyhound bus , authorities said .
phillip lloyd died after the 1999 ford mustang he was driving rammed the new york-bound bus sunday morning about 35 miles west of dayton , ohio .
the 7.00 a.m. crash occurred just before the bus , which originated in st. louis , missouri , was scheduled to make a stop in dayton , officials told wrtv .
scroll down for video .
mangled : emergency personnel respond on the scene after a stolen ford mustang rammed into a greyhound bus sunday morning near the indiana-ohio border .
` it had been reported stolen from the love 's truck stop ... just prior to the crash , ' sheriff jeff cappa said of the sports car .
images from the scene show the bus off the side of interstate 70 with significant damage to its front end .
the mustang is unrecognizable .
authorities have not said how fast the vehicle was traveling when it hit the bus .
they also have declined to release the car thief 's age .
` i 've seen a lot of accidents , and i 've never seen anything like this , ' said witness brandi schroeder .
reid memorial hospital spokesman larry price says about half of those treated at the richmond hospital after the sunday morning crash have already been released .
unrecognizable : this charred hunk of metal is all that remains of the stolen mustang after the collision .
shut down : authorities completely closed the highway while investigating the accident .
he says many of the passengers had scrapes , cuts and bruises .
the driver was airlifted to methodist hospital , about 70 miles west in indianapolis , wxin reported .
his condition is not known .
wayne county spokesman jonathan duke said earlier sunday that 18 people were transported by ground or air to hospitals and one person was reportedly killed .
it was n't clear if any of the injured were taken to other hospitals for treatment .
the bus was carrying a total of 24 passengers and the driver , a greyhound spokesperson told wthr .
additional buses were sent to local hospitals