by .
valerie elliott and nick craven .
published : .
19:47 est , 16 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:47 est , 16 february 2013 .
irish food safety chiefs kept british consumers in the dark for ten weeks after being tipped off about horsemeat in beefburgers , the mail on sunday has learned .
officials have repeatedly insisted that horsemeat was only detected in the food chain after random inspection of products at irish plants in early november .
it was claimed that the results came to light in trials of new dna testing techniques .
but environment secretary owen paterson has now admitted the irish received a tip-off of possible contamination of beef with horsemeat before last year 's tests and started investigating on that basis .
evidence : environment secretary owen paterson has admitted the irish received a tip-off of possible contamination of beef with horsemeat before last year 's tests .
they did not alert their uk counterparts until mid-january , however , and food safety and industry chiefs are incensed by the delay .
it meant thousands of british shoppers were duped by fraudsters and dined on burgers , lasagne and spaghetti bolognese laced with horse .
the irish secrecy was revealed last week in a little-noticed exchange in the house of commons .
mr paterson told mps : ` the reason the irish agency picked up this issue in the irish plant was that it had local intelligence that there was a problem .
that is why it did a random check -- i cleared this with -lsb- irish agriculture -rsb- minister -lsb- simon -rsb- coveney .
' the lack of urgency from the dublin authorities -- who appear to have ignored an agreement to share intelligence with their counterparts in northern ireland -- has provoked fury in whitehall and throughout the food industry .
enforcement chiefs are particularly frustrated because while the food safety authority of ireland informed the uk food watchdog about its tests in november , there was no suggestion horsemeat was being processed as beef .
sloppiness : tesco chief executive philip clarke said it was ` unacceptable ' that food had been deliberately contaminated .
the irish first had test results .
indicating horsemeat in the beef supply chain on november 30 .
but .
instead of immediately alerting authorities in london and belfast ,