washington at new york , 5pm .
oklahoma city at san antonio , 7.30 pm .
cleveland at miami , 10pm .
la lakers at chicago , 1am .
golden state at la clippers , 3.30 am .
-lrb- times gmt -rrb- .
while the rest of the sporting world will be tucking into turkeys and families will be unwrapping gifts , christmas day will be just another day at work for the best basketball players in the world .
the nba will once again serve up an action-packed festive feast on christmas day with five marquee match-ups set to take place in one of the highlights of the basketball calendar .
there 's plenty to look forward to as well with an early start at madison square garden , lebron james returning to his former team miami and a rematch of the western conference finals between san antonio and oklahoma city .
but all that is just the early part of the day .
late on christmas night , kobe bryant will lead his los angeles lakers into chicago and there is a tasty treat to end the day when the golden state warriors visit the los angeles clippers .
here is our preview of thursday 's basketball feast , which begins at 5pm uk time .
watch the nba christmas day games live on bt sport or via nba league pass at www.nba.tv .
the nba will be in full swing on christmas day with five games on back-to-back throughout the day .
lebron returns to miami .
the best player in the world returns to south florida and to the team he led to back-to-back nba titles .
james departed miami in the summer to return home to ohio and the cleveland cavaliers , and his former fans on south beach will get their first chance to see him in action since he left .
on the other side will be luol deng , the british star who made a name for himself in his decade with the chicago bulls and is now looking to lead the new-look heat in life after lebron .
lebron james returns to miami on christmas day when his cleveland cavaliers take on the heat .
james will return to the place where he won back-to-back nba titles with the miami heat .
` at first it was a strange feeling playing