david cameron told his wife she did not need to worry about him going for dinner with silvio berlusconi -- because he would get an aide to pull him out of the jacuzzi before the ` whores ' turned up .
mr cameron made the quip before heading to rome for a state dinner with his italian counterpart , it was revealed today .
graffiti artist ben eine was in downing street when the pm cracked the joke after being invited for tea and biscuits .
italy 's former prime minister silvio berlusconi and david cameron met for dinner in 2010 .
mr cameron joked to his wife that she did not need to worry about him meeting the billionaire former italian pm .
earlier this year , mr berlusconi was unexpectedly cleared of paying for sex with a minor at a series of sordid ` bunga bunga ' sex parties .
the court said the billionaire media tycoon had paid for sex with a 17-year-old prostitute known as ` ruby the heartstealer ' .
but they said there was no proof he knew her age .
mr berlusconi , now aged 78 , quit as italy 's prime minister in 2011 during a serious escalation of the euro zone crisis but remains politically active and still leads his centre-right forza italia party .
he is currently banned from holding public office after being convicted of tax fraud , and has been doing community service at a care home as part of his sentence .
mr eine 's painting twenty first century city was presented to barack obama in 2010 on mr cameron 's first trip to washington in 2010 .
shortly after ward the artist was invited to number 10 -- just before mr cameron was due in rome for his first meeting with the then italian leader .
mr cameron jokingly reassured his wife that he would not be sharing jacuzzis , mr eine told a told a conference in london .
the artist , a self-confessed former graffiti vandal , revealed mr cameron 's unguarded remarks during a filmed interview to mark the start of three-day conference on graffiti at london 's south bank centre .
mr eine said the pm had to leave early to travel to rome .
he said : ` we were sitting there chatting away and his pa or assistant came in