she may have model looks but sierra blair-coyle would rather than scale a sheer rock face than pose on the cover of a magazine .
the 20-year-old daredevil from scottsdale , arizona , has beaten a debilitating back problem to become the two-time u.s. national champion climber with a scholarship to study at arizona state university .
at one point sierra was n't sure if she 'd be able to walk without pain but now she tackles boulders , caves and climbing walls in her quest to be the most successful climber on the planet .
scroll down for video .
at just 20 years old sierra is already a two time national champion having been training for 12 years .
her happy-go-lucky attitude disguises the fact that she has had to overcome a serious back injury .
as well as her climbing stunning student sierra models for agencies including roxy , spy and sanuk .
sierra , who has been climbing since the age of eight , has also practised deep water soloing - lone climbs over sea cliffs at high tide - on rock faces 55 feet above the ocean surrounding the hawaiian island of maui .
' i love being a young woman in climbing , ' said sierra .
` hard work has been the biggest help to my climbing career .
' i train hard and dedicate my all to climbing .
` women in climbing are awesome .
we are confident , strong , beautiful , graceful and we can accomplish anything with hard work .
` everyone is supportive , and the men in the sport are more like big brothers than anything .
it 's fun to climb with the boys .
' however , her path to the top has been far from easy , as she battled through a severe back injury as a teenager which threaten to cripple her - and end her dreams of being a climber .
sierra shows off the incredible physical strength and technique needed for professional rock climbing .
sierra suffered a bulging , torn and herniated disc in her back as a teenager that nearly ended her career .
despite her crippling back condition , sierra says she never considered giving up climbing .
in a video for outsideonline sierra explained : ` when i was 16 i started having lower back pain