former manchester city mario balotelli has used his twitter account to finally admit he is the father of his baby daughter pia after a bitter bust up with his ex-partner .
balotelli , 23 , used his account to write in english : ` finally the truth :--rrb- ?? ... pia ... sweet child of mine !!! your dad .
' sources close to balotelli said the message was in english underlining the fact the baby was conceived in england when he was playing in the premier league - and also a tribute to his favourite band guns n ' roses .
proof : mario balotelli -lrb- pictured left in september 2011 -rrb- had refused to acknowledge that pia was his child despite his ex-girlfriend raffaella fico , right , confirming he was .
the american rock legends had a hit called sweet child o ' mine in the late 1980s and it reached no. 6 in the british charts .
initially balotelli , who now plays for ac milan , had refused to acknowledge that pia was his child despite his ex-girlfriend , italian showgirl raffaella fico , 26 , confirming he was .
the two fought out a bitter and public battle in the italian media giving interviews with each accusing the other of bad behaviour and cashing in .
announced : balotelli wrote on his twitter account that he had finally learned of ` the truth ' joy : balotelli , left , pictured receiving an award by former italian player simone perrotta last week , told of his joy at being confirmed as his daughter 's biological father .
in december , balotelli failed to attend .
a paternity hearing in milan regrading the case and raffaella then .
launched legal action against his parents after they were dragged into .
the bitter war of words .
pia .
was born in december 2012 and six months earlier she had called .
balotelli while he was playing for italy in the european championships .
in poland to tell him he was to be a father .
acknowledgement : balotelli , pictured in cagliari last week , has a new role as father .
at .
first he was said to be delighted but then the couple had their falling .
out and he announced that he would take on his role as ` father when .