these photographs may look as if they have been taken on another planet , but they are actually the work of a creative maths teacher who travels to the wonder of nature that is mendenhall glacier each year to chart its ever-changing progress .
he is often accused of doctoring the images using cgi or photoshop , but 31-year-old kent mearig insists that all he has to do to capture the stunning scene from beneath is to precisely line up the rising sun against the inside of the tunnels that form the ice sheet .
other pictures show the details of this natural wonder formed by the continual melting and freezing of the glacier up-close .
spectacular : maths teacher kent mearig took these impressive pictures from the inside of mendenhall glacier in the remote wilderness of alaska .
lightshow : the creative talent behind the set of photos has managed to capture the beautiful images by lining up the rising sun with the inside of a glacial tunnel .
annual visit : each year alaskan 31-year-old mr mearig pays a trip to the glacier to chart its ever changing progress with his camera .
ice cold : a river flows underneath as the glacial melts to water .
in the back a glimmer of the early morning sun can be seen starting to rise .
amateur photographer and high school maths teacher , kent mearig , who lives in alaska , visits the mendenhall glacier each year to record the sight of his favourite place .
the 31-year-old explained the reaction his jaw-dropping pictures cause .
he said : ` people sometimes refuse to believe that there is truly any place in the world that is the basis for all my photos .
` they want to think that cgi and photoshop are posing as nature , but anyone who has actually visited a subglacial cave can vouch for the legitimacy of my photographs .
` among all responses , the word i think i 've heard most frequently is `` otherworldly '' , and they 're right .
` the world beneath a glacier is like no other place on earth ' real deal : mr mearig is often accused of having doctored the photographs using cgi or photoshop , but he insists they are the result of natural light .
wilderness : the mendenhall glacier stretches 12