getting to work before it is light and leaving after it is dark during winter months can lead to serious mental health problems , a charity has warned .
going without daily sunlight can lead to feelings of lethargy and depression which may develop into seasonal affective disorder -lrb- sad -rrb- , mental health research uk -lrb- mhruk -rrb- said .
the warning comes as a poll found that three in 10 adults rise before sunrise during the winter months and return home from work after sunset .
mental health research uk has warned that people who go to work in the dark and get home after the sun has set risk serious mental health problems .
the charity 's survey of 2,000 british adults also found that half were concerned that their workplace had little natural light .
and almost one in 10 said they had no access to natural light at all while at work .
dr laura davidson , mental health barrister and trustee of mhruk , said : ` it is estimated that one million working hours are lost each year due to sad .
` the common unhealthy work culture where lunch breaks are frowned upon is a likely contributor to the increasing numbers of sad sufferers .
` employers and educational establishments need to take on board just how important natural light is to good mental health .
` they have a responsibility to ensure that work and study environments have sufficient windows to flood the building with as much natural light as possible .
` darker areas must be well-lit to address the negative effects of light deprivation .
' the charity hopes to raise awareness for sad and depression during its annual wellbeing and awareness campaign , blooming monday .
people who are not exposed to any sunlight risk lethargy , depression and seasonal affective disorder .
on the third monday of the month , workers are challenged to dress brightly in a bid to combat ` blue monday ' - researchers claim that the third monday of january is the most depressing day of the year .
mhruk said that thanks to a combination of bad weather , debt , the need for christmas detox and poor motivation , the nation 's collective wellbeing is expected to sink to an all-year low on january 20 .
it is calling on people