they may like a little va va voom but french cars will no longer be powered by diesel if the country 's prime minister gets his way .
as part of a wider environmental effort to be launched next year , manuel valls said france was overly reliant on the fuel and pledged to wean the country off it .
` in france , we have long favored the diesel engine , ' he said .
` this was a mistake , and we will progressively undo that , intelligently and pragmatically .
' around 80 percent of cars run on diesel in france , where the fuel is currently around 15 percent cheaper than petrol .
most european countries have similar policies because diesel cars are typically more efficient .
french prime minister manuel valls said france 's favoring of the diesel engine was ' a mistake ' more than 30 million cars currently run on diesel in france today , according to the latest figures from the world bank - approximately 80 percent of the total on the road .
while french car ownership fell by almost 25 percent between 2007 and 2013 , 86 percent of all french households still own a car .
unlike britain where diesel prices are higher , the fuel is less expensive than petrol in france where the current tax system makes the fuel about 15 percent cheaper .
most european countries have similar policies because diesel cars are typically more efficient than their petrol counterparts .
with the focus shifting from economy to air pollution , as of next year all french cars will be subject to a pollution rating which will facilitate the banning of the dirtiest cars from towns and cities .
at present diesel costs around 1.25 euro , or 99p a liter , but as of next year the tax on diesel will also rise by around a penny , generating around # 1.2 billion in revenue for the government .
this will add around 50p to the price of a full tank for medium car owners and 70p for large car owners .
however , drivers who trade their gas guzzlers for electric cars could get up to # 8,600 in incentives for making the switch .