dressed in a white headscarf and hooded coat , this is france 's most wanted woman arriving in turkey en route to the syrian war zone .
hayat boumeddiene , 26 , reached istanbul a week before her husband , amedy coulibaly , carried out the paris atrocity at a jewish deli store .
in the video , released by the turkish authorities yesterday , boumeddiene and a male companion calmly hand over their passports to a border guard who stamps them , passes them back and sends them on their way .
video has emerged believed to show hayat boumeddiene , the partner of amedy coulibaly , at istanbul airport .
in the video , she is shown handing over her passport - turkey 's prime minister said she arrived on january 2 .
the man is believed to be mehdi sabri belhoucine , a 23-year-old frenchman who is also on the intelligence services ' watch list .
described as armed and dangerous , boumeddiene is wanted in connection with last week 's terror attacks on paris which left 17 people dead .
she is believed to have helped mastermind the plot , which saw coulibaly shoot dead a policewoman and execute four hostages at the deli .
coulibaly , 32 , was in the same terror cell as the kouachi brothers -- cherif , 32 , and said , 34 -- who killed 12 in the charlie hebdo magazine attack .
the three men were killed minutes apart by the french security services .
intelligence sources in france believe boumeddiene could have helped plan the attacks , possibly by supplying weapons .
she was initially thought to have been involved in the siege at the kosher store last friday but it has since emerged she had in fact fled paris a week earlier , arriving in turkey on january 2 .
turkey 's foreign minister mevlut cavusoglu said boumeddiene arrived in istanbul from madrid on january 2 and crossed the border on january 8 .
she is now thought to be in syria with islamic state fighters .
the pictures were released as a close friend called for her to hand herself in to authorities and seek forgiveness .
the woman , who went to school with boumeddiene , said she did not believe her friend could have been involved in the attacks but may have been implicated