militants fighting for al qaeda in syria have released a chilling new propaganda video in which a young british jihadi describes life fighting on the frontline .
the unnamed man , who speaks with a southern english accent , is filmed complaining about a lack of toilets as he stands in a trench - believed to be somewhere in the forest outside lattakia city .
wearing digital camouflage and wielding a large assault rifle , the al qaeda militant reveals that although it is his ambition to die as a ` martyr ' , acting recklessly in order to achieve that is forbidden and he must avoid being hit by the sniper rounds heard popping and cracking in the background .
scroll down for video .
jihadi : the unnamed man , who speaks with a southern english accent , is filmed complaining about a lack of toilets as he stands in a trench - believed to be somewhere in the forest outside lattakia city .
radical : the british al qaeda fighter says that despite the difficulties of being covered in mud and ` having to go natural ' due to the lack of toilet facilities , he considers it ` an honour to defend the muslim blood ' titled ' a moment in ribaat : standing guard in the way of allah ' , the two minute video does not feature the logo of any terror group , but it is understood the militant is a fighter for jabhat al-nusra , also known as nusra front - a branch of al qaeda operating in syria .
he is not thought to be fighting for the islamic state terror group , also known as isis .
described as ' a short reminder from the blessed land of shaam ' , the propaganda footage is clearly designed to advertise the sacrifices al qaeda members are making in the name of their religion .
the clip begins with a short burst of religious chanting before cutting to hd-footage of the unnamed fighter sitting in a trench in a wooded area - believed to be on the frontline of fighting between the al qaeda-affiliated militants and soldiers fighting on behalf of the syrian regime .
` it 's a foggy , cold day .
the enemy is quite close and you can hear their shots coming - heavy machine gun fire ,