by .
associated press .
published : .
22:15 est , 30 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:33 est , 31 december 2013 .
a hawaii woman whose last name is 36 characters long has finally gotten the whole thing to fit on her driver 's license and state identification card .
janice ` lokelani ' has a surname that consists of 35 letters plus an okina , a mark used in the hawaiian alphabet .
she received her new license and id after her campaign to get her full name on the cards prompted the state department of transportation to change its policy to expand the number of characters that can appear .
keihanaikukauakahihuliheekahaunaele , 54 , said monday that she 's happy she was able to help fix the problem of identification cards lacking sufficient space for long names .
incomplete : janice keihanaikukauakahihulihe'ekahaunaele shows her old hawaii drivers license that lacked the space for her full name .
` now , in the state of hawaii , we are no longer second class citizens because of the length of our name , ' she said .
hawaii driver 's licenses and id cards previously had room for names totaling up to 35 characters .
the new policy allows 40 characters for last names , 40 for first names and 35 for middle names .
keihanaikukauakahihuliheekahaunaele got the name when she married her hawaiian husband in 1992 .
he used only the one name , which his grandfather gave him after it came to him in a dream .
ms keihanaikukauakahihuliheekahaunaele - who got her name after marrying in 1992 - said that her name had many layers of meanings including ` one who would stand up and get people to focus in one direction when there was chaos and confusion , and help them emerge from disorder ' .
she said it can also mean ` when .
there is chaos and confusion , you are one that will stand up and get .
people to focus in one direction and come out of the chaos .
' the woman said her husband , who died in 2008 , had similar issues with documentation .
she said : ` he always had problems with trying to get people to use his whole name .
` they would chop it up into smaller pieces .