by .
james slack .
published : .
17:02 est , 10 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:17 est , 10 october 2013 .
there were growing demands last night for an inquiry into whether the guardian could be prosecuted for publishing top-secret files .
the calls came as the row over the leaking of intelligence intensified with nick clegg and theresa may joining the prime minister 's attack on the newspaper .
it has now been condemned by david cameron , his deputy and the home secretary for revelations described as a ` gift ' to terrorists by mi5 chief andrew parker .
mr cameron has thrown his full weight behind mr parker 's warning on tuesday that printing documents stolen by fugitive us agent edward snowden was handing fanatics the advantage they need to ` strike at will ' .
there have been calls for prosecutions in the wake of the guardian 's leaking of espionage secrets .
pictured is alan rusbridger , the newspaper 's editor .
in the house of commons , tory mp julian smith demanded to know if the guardian had broken the law by transporting sensitive personal information about uk agents across the world .
the material was allegedly included in 58,000 secret documents being carried by david miranda , the partner of guardian journalist glenn greenwald .
the newspaper was paying for his flights when he was detained at heathrow airport in august .
despite the wave of anger at the newspaper , however , the main bbc news bulletins were still largely ignoring the furore , leading to accusations of ` left-wing bias ' by mps .
mr smith told fellow mps : ` the guardian has not denied sending detailed family and personal information about security agents across borders .
this is illegal , it 's threatening our agents and their families .
` can we have a statement from the home secretary to clarify that the law will be upheld whether or not the organisation involved is hiding behind the fig leaf of journalism ?
' andrew lansley , leader of the commons , said he would ask mrs may to consider the comments .
leading counter-terrorism expert professor anthony glees also declared that the guardian should be prosecuted .
the head of the centre for security and intelligence studies at the university of buckingham said