a dangerous legal high called speckled cherry is set to be banned after being linked to 37 deaths in the uk and more in europe .
home office ministers and drugs experts want to outlaw the synthetic stimulant , also called speckled cross or green rolex , which a coroner has said is like having a serial killer on the loose .
officially known as 4.4-dmar , it and other legal highs are widely sold in takeaways , petrol stations , newsagents and even pet shops .
there are calls to ban a legal high known as speckled cherry , which has been linked to 37 deaths in the uk .
home secretary theresa may is being urged to prohibit the stimulant , which is often sold as a ` safe ' alternative to class a party drug ecstasy .
speckled cherries are often in white pill-form with a cherry or cross logo , but can be bought as a white powder .
they cost as little as # 3 per tablet .
so far , all the deaths have been in northern ireland except a 19-year-old woman in glasgow , scotland .
but experts fear that if ministers do n't act urgently , the substance will soon be costing lives in england .
the advisory council on the misuse of drugs -lrb- acmd -rrb- , which advises the government on classifying narcotics , also recommended banning a second legal high called mt-45 .
it is widely sold in takeaways , petrol stations , newsagents and even in pet shops .
although it has not been found yet in the uk the drug , which imitates the drowsy effects of opium , has been blamed for 28 deaths in sweden in just nine months .
the panel said both substances should be categorised as class a drugs , which carries a penalty of up to seven years in prison for possession or life behind bars for supply .
professor les iversen , chairman of the acmd , said the drugs were lethal and posed ` serious dangers ' .
legal highs are designed to imitate the effects of class a drugs such as cocaine and ecstasy .
but they are not outlawed because they do not have the same chemical compositions as the substances they mimic .
many new drugs are created in back-street laboratories in the far east and