scottish voters would rather have a referendum on the eu than another independence vote , a new survey has revealed .
the idea of having another referendum on scotland 's future in the uk before 2020 was ranked 19th on a list of 23 policies presented to voters .
it comes after scottish first minister nicola sturgeon last night refused to rule out staging a second independence vote if the snp wins the 2016 holyrood elections .
scroll down for video .
scottish first minister nicola sturgeon was campaigning in aberdeen today ahead of a second tv debate tonight .
when questioned on the issue in last night 's scottish leaders tv debate , ms sturgeon insisted an snp victory in the general election would not trigger another referendum .
but she added it was ` another matter ' whether a vote for her party in the 2016 holyrood elections would bring about a second vote on independence .
ms sturgeon has also vehemently criticised david cameron 's pledge to hold an in-out referendum on europe .
but a poll by ipsos mori for bbc scotland reveals that a referendum on the uk 's membership of the european union was more popular with voters north of the border than another independence ballot .
more than 1,000 adults were questioned for the research , with pollsters asking them to give various issues a score of between one and 10 , depending on how important these were to them .
a score of one meant a policy should not be implemented while 10 was taken to mean it should be put into action immediately .
in last night 's tv showdown with the scottish leaders of labour , the tories and lib dems , mr sturgeon refused to rule out a second independence vote before 2020 .
ms sturgeon has vehemently criticised david cameron 's pledge to hold an in-out referendum on europe .
the most popular policy was increasing the minimum wage for those aged over 21 , which was given a score of 8.2 .
giving the scottish parliament power over all welfare benefits was eighth most popular , with a score of 7.1 , while transferring full responsibility for income tax to holyrood came 10th on the list at 6.8 .
holding another independence referendum by 2020 was given a score of 5.6 , compared to 6.1 for a