published : .
11:29 est , 11 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
12:48 est , 11 september 2012 .
they are among the most arresting images of an asteroid ever seen .
nasa today released two new images taken from its dawn spacecraft as it left the giant vesta asteroid .
the first set of images is a color-coded relief map of vesta 's northern hemisphere , from the pole to the equator .
nasa 's dawn mission has revealed the topography of the northern and southern hemispheres of the giant asteroid vesta .
vesta was discovered in 1807 , the fourth .
asteroid to be identified in the great belt of rocky debris orbiting .
between mars and jupiter .
at the time , its great scale meant it was designated as another planet .
but it later lost this status as researchers learnt more about the .
diversity of objects in the solar system .
it incorporates images taken just as .
dawn began to creep over the high northern latitudes , which were dark .
when dawn arrived in july 2011 .
the other image is a black-and-white mosaic that shows a full view of the giant asteroid , created by synthesizing some of dawn 's best images .
` dawn has peeled back the veil on some of the mysteries surrounding vesta , but we 're still working hard on more analysis , ' said christopher russell , dawn 's principal investigator at ucla .
` so while vesta is now out of sight , it will not be out of mind .
' the images mark the end of dawn 's year-long encounter with the 330mile-wide asteroid vesta , making the mission the first to enter orbit around a main-belt asteroid .
the main asteroid belt lies between the orbits of mars and jupiter , 117million miles from earth .
the asteroid looks like a punctured football , the result of a colossal collision sometime in its past that knocked off its south polar region .
dawn will now depart for its second destination , the dwarf planet ceres .
this will make it the first spacecraft to orbit two solar system destinations beyond earth .
a composite image of vesta , showing the towering mountain at the south pole , more than twice the height of mount everest , at the