by .
rob cooper .
a teacher who force-fed a seven-year-old boy custard , restrained another child with a belt and slapped a third pupil across the face has been banned from the profession .
amanda whitfield , 60 , made the boy - identified only as pupil a - eat the dessert even though he was crying and gagging at the time .
the teaching agency panel ruled that feeding a child in this way was ` plainly inappropriate ' and she was banned from the profession for two years .
force feeding : amnda whitfield , 60 , made a boy eat custard when he was crying at st stephens primary school in launceston , cornwall .
mrs whitfield was teaching children with learning or communication problems at st stephens primary school , launceston , cornwall , at the time .
the panel was told on a separate occasion she slapped another seven-year-old , known as pupil e , across the face .
and the teacher pinched a girl , identified as g , on the nose to force her to open her mouth .
. in a fourth separate incident she used a belt to hold a child to a chair and then did not report the incident to more senior staff at the school .
feeding : a boy , seven , was force-fed custard , the panel ruled .
the panel , chaired by kathy thomson , found five of the nine charges against mrs whitfield were proven as they ruled she was guilty of unacceptable professional conduct .
they said that the teacher , who had worked at the school for 20 years , had previously enjoyed a ` long and excellent career ' .
however , she resigned from her post in september 2008 .
her ban from the classroom is imposed by education secretary michael gove .
in their ruling , the panel said : ` the proved facts , in our view , indicate misconduct of a serious nature .
and conduct that falls significantly short of the standard of behaviour .
expected of a teacher .
` we recognise the challenging circumstances in which mrs whitfield was working and the complex needs of the children .
' they added : ` mrs whitfield 's actions of inappropriate restraint , slapping a pupil and inappropriate feeding methods jeopardised the safety and