an army wife has been arrested for slashing the throats of her two-year-old toddler and six-month-old twins in their suburban washington home , authorities say .
christina booth , 29 , called 911 at 1.20 am on sunday and told dispatchers that her three daughters were bleeding from their necks and would n't stop crying .
when police arrived at the family home in a tidy housing development in olympia , washington , they found all three children in an upstairs bedroom with life-threatening cuts to their necks .
all three children were rushed to mary bridge children 's hospital , where they underwent surgery .
christina booth , 29 , is charged with slashing the throats of her her six-month-old twin daughters , as well as her toddler , on sunday morning .
mrs booth is pictured here with her husband us army sgt tommy booth and her two-year-old daughter , who was also slashed .
devastated : sgt booth -lrb- right -rrb- returned to his house on sunday to retrieve belongings after his wife was arrested for attempted murder of his three children .
a family friend says all three are improving .
booth 's husband , tommy booth , is a us army staff sergeant at nearby joint base lewis-mcchord .
neighbors told kiro-tv that they saw a marked change in mrs both 's behavior after he returned from his second tour of duty in afghanistan - shortly before the twins were born .
mrs booth 's facebook page boasts one photo that says ' i grow twins , what 's your superpower ?
' she also posted a picture of a plaque her husband got for her that says : ' i have traveled many places and i have seen many things , but i have never , ever seen anyone as beautiful as my wife christina .
' sgt booth , who is posted at nearby joint base lewis-mcchord , had recently returned from his second deployment to afghanistan .
neighbors say they noticed mrs booth change , and become more reclusive after the birth of her twins .
the attack horrified the family 's neat suburban neighborhood in olympia , where many military families live .
it is believed sgt booth was home at the time of the attack .
both parents were questioned , though sgt booth was later released without charge .