with a sheer drop of 1,300 ft visible beneath your feet , walking along this suspension bridge onto a glass platform jutting off the edge of a cliff is not for the fainthearted .
opened to the public on wednesday , the new bridge offers spectacular views of the alps , but at such dizzying heights only the bravest are likely to test their mettle .
the ` stairway to nothingness ' at the dachstein glacier is only for visitors with ` nerves of steel ' , the resort 's website reads .
a bridge for the brave : the bridge at the dachstein glacier resort in austria meanders around the stunning mountain range before descending 14 steps to a glass viewing platform , shown right .
test your mettle : the bridge was opened to the public on wednesday but , with its vertigo-inducing views , only the bravest are likely to cross it .
taking in the view : visitors to the dachstein glacier resort in the alps take a few moments to look out over the mountain range situated at 1,300 ft in the alps .
the suspension bridge , situated near the town of schladming , leads to fourteen descending steps off a cliff , ending on a glass platform with vertigo-inducing views of the mountains below .
their reward , however , is the ` pure freedom ' of hovering above a 400-meter -lrb- 1,300-foot -rrb- drop while taking in the spectacular landscape of the austrian alps .
the 100-meter-long bridge , which took six months to build , is the highest in austria .
adrenaline junkies : these visitors to the dachstein glacier resort are some of the first to see the stunning views from the walkway .
at the top of the mountain : the bridge is situated at the highest point in austria and offers unrivalled views over the alps .
do n't look down : visitors bravely look over the glass wall at the 1,300 ft drop to the bottom of the mountains .
technical director karl höflehner , who oversaw this spectacular project , said : ' i am absolutely delighted that we managed to reach agreement with the nature conservation authority , which means that all visitors to the dachstein can now experience the breathtaking sensation of being suspended above the rock face as they gaze over the alps