when attending an event aimed at showcasing the finest in british fashion , you could be forgiven for blending into the background .
but , never one to go unnoticed , model and tv presenter alexa chung had no problems standing out on the red carpet at this evening 's british fashion awards , putting her best fashion foot forward in a beautifully-ornate gown designed by brit emilia wickstead .
the 31-year-old added a bit of flare to her ensemble with a quirky takeaway box-shaped charlotte olympia handbag , which was decorated with hand-stitched oriental-style insects .
scroll down for video .
putting her most fashionable foot forward : alexa chung wore a glamorous gown by british designer emilia wickstead .
cute and quirky : the model accessorized her ensemble with a fun charlotte olympia handbag .
ambassador for style : the 31-year-old has an official role with the british fashion council .
hosted by comedian jack whitehall , for the second year in a row , the awards are set to honour those who have greatly impacted the fashion industry .
the event boasted a guestlist of london 's best-dressed , including alexa 's close friends poppy delevingne and suki waterhouse , all of whom were there to see poppy 's younger sister cara scoop the award for model of the year for the second time .
cara 's fellow models and long-time friends karlie kloss and joan smalls took to the stage to present the 22-year-old , who first won the coveted prize in 2012 .
dressed in a beautiful burberry gown , cara thanked her fans for continuing to believe in and support her , saying : ' i would be nothing without fashion .
' shortly afterwards , her elder sister poppy seized the opportunity to share a touching tribute to the burberry model , congratulating her on her overwhelming fashion success .
all about the bag : alexa made sure that the photographers got a good look at her unique bag on the red carpet .
fashionable friends : alexa was joined at the awards by close pals poppy delevingne -lrb- c -rrb- and suki waterhouse -lrb- r -rrb- .
then and now : shortly before the ceremony began , alexa shared a snap of her beauty preparations on instagram .
earlier in the evening alexa , who is an ambassador for the british fashion