by .
arthur martin .
lurking in the shadows , this is the vile thug who scrawled the word ` islam ' on the bomber command war memorial in london .
the balaclava-clad vandal was caught on camera desecrating the monument to the 55,573 raf crew who lost their lives during the second world war .
cctv footage shows the suspect spraying the green park monument with red paint at 3.20 am on monday .
scroll down for video .
suspect : a cctv camera picked up this man as he approached the bomber command memorial on monday .
gotcha : the vandal , who covered his face with a balaclava -lrb- right -rrb- , snuck in and out of the shadows to spray -lrb- left -rrb- .
fled : the attack took around ten minutes before he walked calmly away along piccadilly towards knightsbridge in central london .
during the desecration , the vandal hides in the shadows when cars pass before continuing to spray the memorial .
the vandal wrote the word ` islam ' in 2ft-high letters and also sprayed over an inscription .
similar graffiti was sprayed on the .
animals in war memorial , in nearby park lane .
the # 7million bomber .
command monument was opened by the queen in june last year .
gerry abrahams , 90 , of margate in .
kent , who flew more than 31 bombing missions , said : ` if anyone knows who .
this man is , please tell the police .
suspicious : another cctv camera appears to capture the moment before the war memorial was vandalised .
the man surveys the statue at the centre of the memorial .
this still is from footage released by the raf benevolent fund .
disrespect : the cctv footage , thought to be captured between 3am and 5am , shows what looks like someone spraying -lrb- top right -rrb- .
attack : the bomber command memorial in green park , london , was sprayed and then covered up by police .
message : this image shows the word ` islam ' daubed on the animals in war memorial , but police are not sure if it was carried out by muslim protesters or far-right groups trying to stir up trouble .
a tarpaulin covers part of the animals in war memorial on park lane , which