by .
mark duell .
published : .
05:00 est , 14 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:19 est , 14 october 2013 .
as blustery weather sweeps across britain , the stunning sight of 420ft wind turbines has created something of a spectacle off the coast .
the turbines , near clacton-on-sea , essex , which provide power for 125,000 homes , even dwarfed a large tanker in the surrounding north sea .
they are part of the gunfleet sands wind farm , run by danish firm dong energy , which has just installed two more turbines that stand at 485ft .
huge : the turbines , near clacton-on-sea , essex , which provide power for the 125,000 homes , even dwarfed a large tanker in the surrounding north sea .
in a row : the turbines are part of the gunfleet sands wind farm , run by danish firm dong energy , which has just installed two more turbines that stand at 485ft .
wet weather : flooding in wrexham , north wales , was pictured today as motorists tried their best to make their way around the area .
make it through the rain : traffic in difficult driving conditions caused by heavy rain and low light on the a1 at newcastle-upon-tyne .
making a splash : cars having to negotiate large puddles in birmingham , west midlands , which made for difficult conditions on the road this morning .
tricky : over the weekend , huge swathes of the country were lashed by ferocious downpours .
cars are pictured having to negotiate puddles in birmingham today .
picture perfect : visitors to trebah , near falmouth in cornwall .
are impressed to see the beautiful hydrangea valley is still in full bloom .
flower power : two children visiting trebah , near falmouth in cornwall , look at the impressive hydrangea valley .
louisa murphy , 22 , was visiting .
clacton and said of the spectacle : ` whatever you think of wind energy , .
there 's no denying this is an impressive sight .
` people .
have been commenting on how impressive the blades are when you see them .
all rotating .
it could even end up being a tourist attraction .
' meanwhile , a beautiful morning mist was photographed today rolling in near batcombe vale ,