by .
julian robinson for mailonline .
harry redknapp has offered dubious support to malky mackay - the football manager accused of sending racist texts - insisting : ` he has n't murdered anyone , he has n't raped anyone and he is not a paedophile .
' the queens park rangers manager made the controversial remark days after it was claimed mackay had exchanged a series of racist , sexist and homophobic text messages with iain moody while they were at cardiff city football club .
mr redknapp believes the scot should be given the chance to redeem himself , adding : ` he 's made a mistake and it should n't end his football career .
' scroll down for video .
harry redknapp , pictured , has backed malky mackay to make a return to football , insisting : ` he has n't murdered anyone , he has n't raped anyone and he is not a paedophile ' harry redknapp believes malkay mackay , pictured , should be given the chance to redeem himself , saying : ` he 's made a mistake and it should n't end his football career ' redknapp 's comments come after it was claimed malky mackay , right , had exchanged a series of racist , sexist and homophobic text messages with iain moody , left , while they were at cardiff city football club .
but troy townsend , the education and development manager for the anti-discrimination campaign group kick it out has been left dismayed by the comments .
` what he has said has no benefit at all .
i do n't know what is in harry 's head when he 's saying that .
' -lrb- mackay 's alleged comments -rrb- have anti-semitic and racial connotations and at the end of the day it 's affecting a group of people and we should be more respectful of those people .
` what harry has said shows a lack of understanding about the situation .
these are really sensitive issues and you have to respect the reasons behind them .
he 's almost saying ` it ai n't that bad is it ?
' , but unfortunately for some people , it is .
' the text exchanges outlined in the daily mail 's exclusive report date back to when mackay and moody worked as manager and head