by .
luke salkeld .
updated : .
02:02 est , 9 august 2011 .
with solid wooden frame , veranda and steps , the construction of this wendy house clearly involved careful planning .
but according to the local authority , it should have only have been built with planning permission .
now the owners fear they may be ordered to take it down .
unnoticed : sally and brook johnson said this wendy house had been in their garden for 18 months , but the council say they now require retrospective planning permission .
sally and brook johnson say they were ` flabbergasted ' when they were told the structure would require a retrospective planning application .
they say the wendy house has been standing in the grounds of their # 1million country house unnoticed since they moved into their home 18 months ago .
and they say it would have remained that way if they had not asked for a planning officer to assess a proposed extension to their house .
they say the officer proceeded to wander around the grounds of their home - without permission - before spotting the offending structure .
mrs johnson described the wendy house , which is used by an unnamed six-year-old child , as being ` within a garden wall under a tree which can not be seen from anywhere ' at their home in baydon , near marlborough , wiltshire .
she is furious that she has been ` forced ' to put in a retrospective application , which if refused will mean the wendy house will almost certainly have to be pulled down .
mrs johnson claimed having to get planning consent for a wendy house for a six-year-old child ` is unnecessary and is far beyond what the planning process is for ' .
and she said the cost of the planning application ` far exceeds the cost of the wendy house ' .
` what has happened here is extraordinarily unusual , ' she said .
` we were completely flabbergasted .
it is beyond my comprehension - i do not understand why we need planning permission .
` -lsb- the .
planning officer -rsb- was here to look at a planning application we had put .
in for an extension .
he chose to walk around the property and look .
wherever he wanted to