a southern california man who is thought to have carved his name onto his girlfriend 's chest with a razor blade has been charged with kidnapping and domestic battery .
sergio joaquin mendoza , 25 , from santa ana , is also charged with criminal threats and use of a deadly weapon after allegedly taking his girlfriend around in his car and repeatedly assaulting her .
the pair had been renting a room from mendoza 's grandmother before he is thought to have demanded that she let him carve his first name onto her chest if she was going to leave the house last saturday .
sergio joaquin mendoz , 25 , from santa ana , faces more than 11 years in prison after allegedly carving his first name into his girlfriend 's chest , not allowing her to leave the house and repeatedly assaulting her .
relatives told the couple , who had been in fights where the boyfriend allegedly threw punches over the previous week , to leave after the incident , according to the santa ana police department .
the woman , who was never allowed to leave the house on her own that evening despite being cut with the razor , then suffered two days of brutal assaults .
her boyfriend allegedly drove her around to different parking lots .
mendoza is thought to have head-butted and tried to strangle his girlfriend while threatening her if she tried to leave the vehicle during the hours he stopped to sleep in parking lots .
the victim was able to run away from the car on monday the 23rd , and found shelter after running into a local business bleeding .
the girlfriend was bleeding when she escaped from her boyfriend , ran to a local business and called 9-1-1 in west santa ana .
she was taken to the hospital for treatment , according to police .
it is also believed that mendoza previously forced the woman to stay in the car when he was at work , according to the orange county district attorney 's office .
the suspect was found in a relative 's garage on thursday .
mendoza is being held on $ 100,000 bail and faces 11 years and eight months in state prison .
the boyfriend is charged with one count of felony kidnapping , one count of felony criminal threats ,