by .
mark prigg .
nasa 's curiosity rover has been sitting in the same spot on mars for several weeks carrying out the first x-ray analysis of soil from another planet .
however , the space agency has spent the last few days painstakingly taking 55 different pictures which it plans to stitch together to create a self portrait .
however , interest in the rover is so great that one amateur astronomer beat them to it .
curiosity 's latest self - portrait , stitched together by a space fan from raw images sent back by the rover .
the image , above , combines 55 photos taken .
with the rover 's mahli camera , which sits outstretched on the end of .
curiosity 's arm .
the probe moved the camera to different positions in .
each image so the arm is n't visible .
amateur astronomer and science .
writer stuart atkinson stitched together the raw images that curiosity .
beamed back to earth on oct 31 , tweeting the picture and telling followers ` it 's just a sneaky peek in advance of the official image being released by the msl guys .
' however , he admitted the best is yet to come - so far , the rover has only sent back the .
smaller , thumbnail versions of these images , with the full-sized ones .
arriving in the coming days .
nasa is then expected to produce its own version .
with the full resolution images .
the space agency has been making every image from curiosity available to the public on a special web site , giving space fans an amazing insight into exactly what the rover is doing every day .
a selection of the ` raw ' images that make up the self portrait .
the rover has sent back several self portraits so far .
engineers have been using the to check the rover 's systems are operational .
they are also used to check its parts and moving correctly with barcodes on the rover that can be analysed to check it is the exact shape it should be .
curiosity 's last self portrait was a black and white landscape shot .
this image shows a ` bite mark ' where nasa 's curiosity rover scooped up some martian soil .
the historic first scoop