two babies were born with incurable diseases after shocking blunders in ivf treatment that should have screened out the dangerous inherited conditions .
both mothers had gone to the same clinic to ensure they did not pass on life-limiting illnesses that ran in their families .
but mistakes at a laboratory used by the care fertility nottingham ivf clinic resulted in the outcome the women had so desperately wanted to avoid .
scroll down for video .
two babies were born with incurable diseases after shocking blunders in ivf treatment that should have screened out the dangerous inherited conditions -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
the fertility watchdog has damned the incidents as ` grade a ' errors -- the rare and most severe type .
one mother wanted to screen out sickle cell anaemia -- a serious blood disorder that can lead to complications including strokes , breathing problems and high blood pressure .
the other patient wanted to stop her child from developing neurofibromatosis , which causes tumours to grow along the body 's nerves and can reduce a sufferer 's lifespan by up to 15 years .
but after mistakes by a laboratory used by the clinic , both women became pregnant and gave birth to babies who had these illnesses .
the mix-up is revealed in a report which has been published by the human fertilisation and embryology authority -lrb- hfea -rrb- .
the couple whose baby has neurofibromatosis -- which carries the risk of major problems including learning difficulties and cancer -- were ` distraught ' when the clinic broke the news , according to the medical director of care fertility nottingham , maha ragunath .
a spokeswoman for hfea said last night : ` these two incidents are very serious and have no doubt been devastating for the couples involved .
they had treatment to have a healthy child but may now have children affected by a serious genetic condition .
' the two mothers ' identities have not been disclosed .
they originally went to the clinic for a pre-implantation genetic diagnosis -lrb- pgd -rrb- -- a cutting-edge technique that allows genetic testing of an embryo for inherited diseases before it is implanted as part of ivf treatment .
under strict regulations , this type of screening is available only to women who are at high risk of passing on a serious genetic disorder