by .
lawrence booth .
follow @@ the_topspin .
jos buttler was 14 when he discovered he had not quite got to the pitch of the ball in a first xi game for king 's college taunton against west country rivals blundell 's school .
but he did n't panic .
extending his hands through the shot , he deposited the blundell 's off-spinner over extra cover for six .
then he did it again .
his coach was dennis breakwell , the former northamptonshire and somerset slow left-armer .
` he just went `` bump '' .
video scroll down to watch buttler deserves his chance .
what a blast : big-hitting jos buttler blazes away for england .
` he hit the ball that hard .
it was timing .
it 's a gift .
you ca n't coach that sort of thing .
' by the time buttler was 16 , and averaging almost 95 as king 's captain , breakwell reckoned he was a ` better cricketer ability-wise than ian botham at that age ' .
until then breakwell , who is still head groundsman at the school , believed the best 16-year-old he had seen was his old northamptonshire team-mate peter willey .
` then i saw jos buttler .
' with english cricket aching for a good-news story , there is of course the risk of saddling a test debutant with an impossible burden .
and so far buttler 's most eye-catching deeds -- not least an incendiary 74-ball 121 in a one-dayer against sri lanka at lord 's two months ago -- have come in the limited-overs arena .
natural talent : a teenage jos buttler at king 's college in 2006 .
video buttler deserves his chance .
but it would take a peculiarly english kind of conservatism to play down the potential of the nation 's new wicketkeeper-batsman .
unsurprisingly , that conservatism has already had an airing .
after the fireworks at lord 's , alastair cook suggested buttler , 23 , was not ready for test cricket .
it felt like an unnecessary slap on the wrist .
yet the demise of matt prior means he can set about laying the angst to rest , starting with sunday 's third test against india in southampton .
there will be failures along the way .
but for those who knew