by .
daily mail reporter .
last updated at 8:37 pm on 10th november 2011 .
two offshore racers have been killed after their powerful speedboat flipped up into the air before crashing at high speed at a world championship event .
spectators and organisers watched as big thunder marine - a 46ft skater catamaran with four 1,200 horsepower engines - was almost torn open by the force of the collision .
the powerboat came down so hard in the third lap of the seven-lap race that its right front hull was severely damaged .
the accident led to the deaths of throttleman robert m. morgan , of sunrise beach , missouri , and driver jeffrey tillman , of kaiser , missouri .
tragic : big thunder marine , a 46ft skater catamaran , goes airborne during a violent accident at the key west world championship event .
robert m. morgan and jeffrey tillman both died following the crash .
bob morgan was one of two racers who died in the crash at key west harbour in florida .
the race was halted following another accident because rescue services were severely stretched at the event .
the tragedy marred the opening day of three days of racing at the key west world championship event .
superboat international president john carbonell said he witnessed the crash , which occurred yesterday next to a spectator area inside key west harbour in florida .
` he was probably going about 130mph and the boat 's propellers were barely in the water , ' mr carbonell said .
` the boat apparently caught some air and went bow -lrb- front -rrb- up ; straight into the air , came down and went backwards .
' mr carbonell said rescue divers were deployed to the accident site in less than a minute .
both men were removed alive from the wreckage of the catamaran and transported to lower keys medical center , he added .
mr tillman died either before or just after arrival at the hospital .
rescue attempt : work to extract the two racers from big thunder marine takes place .
fatal : crew members emerging from the catamaran motley crew after it overturned .
the accident led to the closure of the race following the earlier tragic crash involving big thunder marine .
organisers said mr morgan died soon after leaving