by .
daily mail reporter and associated press reporter .
published : .
23:15 est , 11 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:16 est , 12 july 2013 .
former chicago bulls star scottie .
pippen is being sued over a fight last month at an upscale southern .
california restaurant that left an autograph-seeker hospitalized with a .
head injury .
the $ 4 .
million lawsuit filed thursday in los angeles superior court says .
49-year-old plaintiff camran shafighi simply asked pippen for a .
photograph for his girlfriend 's 12-year-old son .
instead , .
the suit says , shafighi got a ` brutal and unjustified physical attack ' that included spit in the face , a shove , and a punch that sent shafighi .
to the ground .
former chicago bulls star scottie pippen is being sued over a fight last month at an upscale southern california restaurant that left an autograph-seeker -lrb- pictured -rrb- hospitalized with a head injury .
basketball legend scottie pippen poses with his wife , larsa pippen , and their children on june 17 , 2013 in hollywood , california .
` at no .
time did or could mr. shafighi physically provoke or fight back , as he .
was knocked unconscious with the first blow , ' the lawsuit says .
sheriff 's .
officials , who were still investigating the incident , said pippen .
voluntarily came into a station to be questioned and was cooperative .
he .
was not arrested and no charges have been filed .
investigators .
at the time said that pippen had been dining june 23 with his family at .
nobu , a restaurant on the beach in malibu frequented by celebrities .
shafighi was taking pictures of pippen inside the restaurant then outside in the parking lot , investigators said .
sheriff 's spokesman steve whitmore said several witnesses described shafighi as intoxicated .
pippin leaves the lost hills sheriff 's station after being questioned in connection with the alleged assault .
an .
argument ensued that led to violence , investigators said .
shafighi was .
taken to a hospital with a head injury , treated and released .
a phone message left after business hours for pippen 's attorney mark geragos was not immediately returned .
the .
47-year-old pippen won six nba titles