by .
james rush .
published : .
09:06 est , 17 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:18 est , 17 october 2013 .
this is the shocking moment a trusted carer is caught stealing money from the purse of a vulnerable pensioner .
the images show michelle english , 33 , taking cash from great-grandmother jean robson , aged 83 .
her grandson chris murphy caught english stealing from mrs robson 's purse when he set up a video camera in her living room after becoming suspicious after her money kept disappearing .
scroll down for video .
shocking : carer michelle english was caught on camera stealing from the purse of vulnerable pensioner jean robson after her grandson set up a video camera in the front room .
caught on camera : chris murphy set up the video camera after mrs robson 's family became suspicious that money was going missing .
mr murphy , of huntly , aberdeenshire , said : ` my grandmother has dementia and we noticed money was going missing and initially we thought she might be squirreling it away .
` but it kept happening and we soon worked out that it was a third party that was taking the money .
` so we set up the camera and used an ultraviolet pen to mark the notes .
that 's how we caught her .
` at the time we had great suspicions it was her -lrb- michelle -rrb- , but it was still really shocking when we actually saw the footage .
` we were just so aghast that someone would be prepared to steal money from a vulnerable old lady .
` but now i am quite satisfied that a conviction has been secured .
in the act : the images show english taking cash out from the purse of great-grandmother mrs robson .
` hopefully by releasing this footage we can raise awareness and make sure these sort of incidents are cut down .
' english admitted the thefts at aberdeen sheriff court on wednesday and was given a community payback order of 140 hours of unpaid work and forced to pay # 100 compensation .
mr murphy , also criticised aberdeenshire council for failing in its duty to look after his grandmother and may take legal action against them .
hearing : english admitted the