by .
anna pursglove .
published : .
18:57 est , 14 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:18 est , 15 july 2013 .
when it comes to beauty products , bitter experience has taught me that price frequently has little to do with effectiveness .
in fact , many of my cut-price buys from high street chemists and supermarkets have outperformed ` cult ' brands that seem to deliver nothing more than pseudo-scientific credentials at inflated prices .
so when i heard this month that a cream costing just # 1.69 was taking the beauty industry by storm , i was n't at all surprised .
` genius on dry skin ' : bottle o'butter has suddenly shot to the top of every beauty must-have list - and for good reason .
once only available in afro and afro-caribbean shops and salons , a cocoa butter body cream called bottle o ' butter has suddenly shot to the top of every beauty must-have list .
everyone from the beauty bloggers to the mumsnetters is falling over themselves to give an opinion -lrb- good , on the whole -rrb- while the product is now widely available online - though at significantly hiked-up prices .
` it 's genius on dry skin - you have to try it !
' enthused my beauty addict friend lily , whipping a bottle from her shoulder bag in the middle of a recent barbecue .
observing lily 's dewy and entirely scale-free limbs , the assembled women eagerly began slathering the stuff on to knees , elbows , shins and any children who strayed into range .
` looks industrial , ' observed my bemused husband - a fair point given that the packaging is definitely not one of the product 's strong points .
there 's the name for starters : ` bottle o ' butter ' sounds less like a pampering treat than a prop from pirates of the caribbean .
then there 's the bottle 's challenging colour - reminiscent of something treated in ronseal .
but lily would not be silenced on the subject .
the cream is n't sticky , she promised , and does n't smell sickly like some cocoa butter creams do .
it 's rich -lrb- the product contains lanolin as well as cocoa butter -rrb- and would therefore be perfect to use