when kevin moran casually offered his girlfriend molly mcginnis to duck into a photo booth for some fun pictures , she had no idea that with the click of a shutter her life would change forever .
mcginnis , moran 's high school sweetheart , did not know that her boyfriend of seven years had come up with a creative way to propose to her in an intimate setting but in such a way that their special moment would be preserved for posterity .
as the two sat grinning inside the photo booth on tuesday , kevin quickly reached into his pocket and popped open a jewelry box revealing an engagement ring inside - just in time for the camera to capture the priceless expression of surprise on molly 's face .
lovebirds : molly mcginnis had no idea she was in for the surprise of her life when her boyfriend of seven years , kevin moran , pulled her into a photo booth at an iowa mall .
priceless look : as the two were taking pictures , kevin reached into his pocket and pulled out a ring box .
she said , ` yes !
: molly was stunned and delighted , and of course she accepted kevin 's proposal .
a video of moran 's off-the-beaten-path proposal , which has since gone viral on reddit and youtube , shows molly breaking into a smile and saying the one word kevin was hoping to hear : ` yes !
' the happy couple smile and giggle , with molly appearing shell-shocked and utterly delighted .
the final picture of the two inside the photo booth shows the lovebirds sealing their engagement with a kiss .
the backstory of the heart-melting proposal is that moran lured mcginnis to an iowa mall under the pretense that they had to buy some presents for the holidays , abc 7 chicago reported .
as it so happened , the impromptu shopping trip fell on the couple 's seventh anniversary .
after the proposal , the couple went out for dinner to celebrate their engagement .
sealed with a kiss : kevin confessed on reddit that he was very nervous and had been practicing opening the ring box .
toast to love : molly and kevin are seen celebrating their engagement and seven-year anniversary at a restaurant after the unforgettable proposal .
tue