by .
sally lee .
and australian associated press .
australian police today admitted that it may be impossible to recover the bodies of all 298 victims as intense fighting forced international investigators back from the crash site for a second time .
the delegation of australian and dutch police and forensic experts stopped in shakhtarsk , a town around 20 miles from the fields where the aircraft was downed , amid sounds of explosions .
a high-rise apartment block in the town was hit by at least two rounds of artillery , according to reports and dozens of families living in the area fled .
pro-russian rebels admitted they had lost control of part of the crash site .
meanwhile in canberra , australian federal police deputy commissioner andrew colvin says there is a possibility they wo n't get to the crash site in the near future .
scroll down for video .
members of the dutch and australian forensic investigation teams stand near vehicles in donetsk , ukraine on monday .
fighting around the malaysia airlines crash site in eastern ukraine prevented dutch and australian police officers from reaching the wreckage for a second day .
` of course it is a highly volatile area , ' he said on monday , adding that safety was paramount .
mr colvin warned of the difficult circumstances the mission faces , including the size of the crash scene , trauma to the bodies of victims , and complications gaining access to the site almost two weeks after the malaysia airlines plane was brought down by a surface-to-air missile .
` we have to prepare ourselves for the possibility that not all remains will ultimately be recovered , ' he said .
the dutch-led police mission will make a second attempt to gain access to the crash site in eastern ukraine on monday after it was forced to abandon a bid on sunday because of intense fighting in the area .
australian federal police deputy commissioner andrew colvin says there is a possibility they wo n't get to the crash site in the near future .
` we have to prepare ourselves for the possibility that not all remains will ultimately be recovered , ' mr colvin said on monday .
a pro-russian rebel touches the mh17 wreckage at the crash site of malaysia airlines flight mh17 , in eastern ukraine