by .
jennifer newton .
the commissioner of the metropolitan police has today apologised to the family of a woman whose shooting sparked the 1985 brixton riots after an inquest revealed failures by officers .
sir bernard hogan-howe made the apology to the family of dorothy groce , known as cherry , who was shot by police during a bungled raid at her home .
mrs groce was paralysed from the chest down following the shooting by armed police , who were searching for her son .
cherry groce , pictured in 1986 , who was paralysed from the chest down after being shot during a bungled police raid on her home , which sparked the 1985 brixton riots .
she died 26 years later in 2011 from kidney failure , which a pathologist directly linked to the gunshot wound .
an inquest jury today said the raid by metropolitan police and hertfordshire police should never have gone ahead , one of eight police failures which they found contributed to her death .
in a statement sir bernard said : ` today , i apologise unreservedly for our failings .
i also apologise for the inexcusable fact that it has taken until now , for the met to make this public apology .
` sadly , this means that the person who most deserved to hear the apology , those words ` we are sorry ' , is no longer here .
` however , cherry 's children , her friends and others are here and they too deserve an apology .
i am sorry for the years of suffering which our actions and omissions caused to your family .
' armed police accidentally shot mrs groce , pictured in 1985 recovering in st thomas ' hospital , after they raided her home searching for her son .
the commissioner also described the operation which saw mrs groce shot as ` inadequate in both its planning and delivery ' and the shooting itself as ` preventable ' .
he added : ` mrs groce bore her suffering with dignity and her story is a powerful reminder to all officers of our responsibilities when we use force , or plan for its possible use .
` what is clear is that in this case , we , as an organisation , failed to meet those responsibilities and in doing so caused