by .
emma reynolds .
published : .
06:44 est , 12 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
21:02 est , 12 june 2012 .
the world 's youngest gastric sleeve patient claims having risky weightloss surgery at 12 years old transformed her life .
betsy sanchez , from coahuila in mexico , is delighted to have slimmed down from 15 to ten stone since having 70 per cent of her stomach removed .
having now taken up exercise for the first time , 14-year-old betsy is no longer a target for cruel bullies who teased her about her size .
radical change : betsy sanchez before the weightloss surgery , left , and after shedding five stone , right .
active lifestyle : betsy , who was morbidly obese at 15st , is now 10st and enjoys horse-riding and spending time with friends .
the change took place thanks to the her uncle , dr guillermo alvarez , a bariatric surgeon who carries out the controversial permanent weightloss operations on adolescents .
betsy 's mother ana , the doctor 's second cousin , says that taking the drastic step was the only way to stop her daughter following the .
same heartbreaking path as georgia davis , the 19-year-old british girl whose food .
addiction caused her to balloon to 63st .
` diet and exercise did n't work for betsy - she was addicted to food , only surgery would work , ' said 39-year-old mrs sanchez .
` if georgia had an operation at 12 , she 'd be happy and healthy now .
she 's lost years of her life .
she might be too big now to safely have the operation - which proves it 's sometimes better to have it young .
' food obsessed : betsy , pictured with her mother ana , struggled with her weight from the age of four .
controversial procedure : betsy 's surgery was carried out by her uncle dr guillermo alvarez , left .
dr alzarez says having surgery is .
helpful for children who are struggling to lose weight because having a .
much smaller stomach restricts their food intake .
he .
claims the surgery not only benefits a child 's health - helping prevent .
medical issues such as diabetes and liver disease - but improves their .
confidence and allows