christopher taylor drowned after the emergency dispatcher missed the alert and the control room supervisor admitted he may have been distracted .
a student drowned after paramedics and police were delayed when two 999 operators missed the emergency call , an inquest heard .
christopher taylor had been spotted desperately clinging onto a branch after falling into the river avon in bath last january .
a passerby called 999 but by the time emergency services reached the scene the sporty 21-year-old had disappeared in the freezing river .
the inquest heard there had been an unexplained delay between the time of the call and when police officers and paramedics were sent to the scene .
an emergency dispatcher admitted she had missed the alert while the control room supervisor claimed he may have been distracted doing admin .
christopher had been celebrating the end of his exams with friends when he fell into the river at 4am last january .
an underwater search team retrieved his body from the river avon in the centre of bath , somerset , downstream later that day .
coroner maria voisin questioned why there had been the unexplained five minute delay .
the two control room staff responsible for dispatching officers said they did not know why they did n't respond straight away .
supervising emergency officer dispatcher pete jennings said he did not see the emergency flashing on his screen as he may have been doing paperwork at the time .
he said : ' i really can not explain it or recall what i was doing at the time .
' emergency dispatcher hayley deacon added that she did not immediately see it on her computer screen because she may have been dealing with another incident .
she said : ' i really can not recall what i was doing , and why i did not see the emergency light flashing .
' the sporty 21-year-old had been celebrating the end of exams with frends when he slipped to his death into the river avon -lrb- pictured -rrb- in the centre of bath , somerset .
talented christopher , who was a keen tennis player , was studying chemistry at the university of bath when he went out in the city on january 23 .
just weeks before his death he had posted a facebook message about having the ` best year