by .
anna edwards .
published : .
14:48 est , 27 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:08 est , 28 september 2013 .
social workers and medics knew nothing about the young boy discovered starved and mummified in his cot because his mother failed to co-operate with services , a court heard today .
hamzah khan , whose severely malnourished and skeletal remains were only discovered almost two years after he died in squalor at his mother 's filthy home had never been seen by a gp after his birth .
and there were no medical records on him from the age of two weeks old until he died aged four and a half , bradford crown court heard .
amanda hutton 's 4-year-old son hamzah khan was found dead at her home in bradford .
his body was still dressed in a baby-gro , intended for a baby aged six to nine months , when neighbours called police in september 2011 , .
but by then it was too late and he had died 21 months earlier , on december 15 2009 , his body lying in the cot ever since .
his mother amanda hutton , who drank heavily and suffered domestic violence from her husband aftab khan , consistently failed to keep doctors appointments , failed to get him immunised and slammed the door in the face of repeated calls from health visitors , the court heard .
aftab khan arriving at bradford crown court where hutton is charged with the manslaughter of their son , hamzah khan .
hutton , 43 , from bradford , denies the manslaughter of her son by gross negligence by allowing him to starve and failing to get medical assistance .
dr kathryn ward , a paediatrician at .
airedale nhs trust in yorkshire , told the jury medical records showed .
after hamzah was born in june 2007 , he was only ever seen once by a .
midwife and once by a social worker , in november 2006 , three years .
before he died , when he appeared ` well cared for and well dressed ' .
` from two weeks of age , we know nothing about this child , ' dr ward told the jury .
` his personal development , behaviour , his personality or general health .
it 's a