as well as keeping alive hopes of an unlikely charge to the premier league title , victory for arsenal at turf moor on saturday will also ensure arsene wenger 's men claim the longest winning streak in the top-flight this season .
the gunners have won seven straight games since defeat against fierce rivals tottenham at white hart lane on february 7 , a run of form which has moved them to second place in the table .
now just seven points behind leaders chelsea , arsenal have a chance to surpass manchester city 's equally impressive run of seven victories in a row this season when they take on relegation-threatened burnley in saturday 's late kick-off .
arsenal celebrate last week 's 4-1 victory over liverpool which took their winning streak to seven games .
victory against burnley will ensure arsenal claim the longest winning streak in the top-flight this season .
olivier giroud -lrb- centre -rrb- and co celebrate against newcastle as the gunners won 2-1 at st james ' park .
giroud flies through the air as the frenchman celebrates opening the scoring in the 3-1 win against west ham .
alexis sanchez roars with delight after finding the net as arsenal defeated qpr 2-1 at loftus road last month .
giroud points to the sky after scoring in the first half of arsenal 's 2-0 victory over everton at the emirates .
santi cazorla -lrb- left -rrb- is all smiles after scoring in arsenal 's 2-1 victory over crystal palace at selhurst park .
theo walcott celebrates finding the net against leicester as arsenal started their winning streak infebruary .
city earned maximum points from seven games prior to throwing away a two-goal lead in a 2-2 draw at home to the clarets on december 28 .
with burnley battling for survival , the gunners will be wary of a similarly damaging result when they take on sean dyche 's spirited team in front of the sky sports cameras .
but if they do manage to take three points from turf moor , arsenal will still be on target to match their best ever winning streak in the premier league era by the time the season is over .
the gunners hold the record for the most consecutive wins , having come out on top in 14 successive games between february and august in 2002 .