a ship carrying the bodies of chinese gold miners from new zealand that sank more than 100 years ago has been found .
s.s. ventnor was discovered near whangarei , off the northern coast of new zealand , in 2012 and renewed hopes that the 499 bodies of chinese miners on-board would be returned home to their families .
the ship was on its way back to china so the bodies could be buried back home in line with tradition , the new zealand herald reported .
unfortunately , it hit a reef just two days into its journey from wellington in 1902 .
scroll down for video .
a school of fish swim past the ship 's wreckage , which has been submerged for more than 100 years .
part of the ship 's hull is visible in this photograph in 150m deep waters off the coast of new zealand .
diver sandy varin examines the wreckage of the s.s. ventnor during its discovery .
the chinese miners had been in new zealand to see if they could get rich during the country 's gold rush during the 1860s , which happened in areas such as otago and the west coast on the south island .
the find has also raised controversy among new zealand 's chinese community who have accused the documentary crew who searched for the wreckage of disrespecting the remains of the dead .
in photographs , schools of fish are seen swimming around the mast of the ship .
to verify it was the s.s. ventnor , documentary maker john albert and his team recovered some artefacts from the wreckage .
it was found about 20 kilometres west of hokianga harbour , in the north island , in waters 150 metres deep .
but the new zealand chinese association say the community is ` outraged ' the ship did not remained untouched , the new zealand herald reported .
the association 's kirsten wong said there was ` genuine dismay ' in the early settler community because of the lack of respect for the 499 people 's remains .
fish swim past the propeller of the ship in shots taken from footage filmed by a documentary crew .
the ship was discovered just west of whangarei , off the coast of new zealand 's north island -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
the s.s. ventnor sunk -lrb-