by .
sara malm .
a fourth book in the millennium series will be published in 2015 , despite author stieg larsson passing away nine years ago .
the book will see a new writer taking on larsson 's mantle to continue the story of journalist mikael blomkvist and his sidekick lisbet salander - the girl with the dragon tattoo .
the millennium trilogy was published posthumously and became a .
world-wide success which made it onto the silver screen twice , both in .
sweden and hollywood .
the girl who sold out ?
swedish publishers nordstedt has announced that there will be a fourth book in the girl with the dragon tattoo series which saw its heroine translated onto the screen by noomi rapace in 2008 .
publishers nordstedt have chosen an .
author for book four and is planning on releasing it in 2015 , on the .
tenth anniversary of the first book , the girl with the dragon tattoo .
` there will be a new novel .
we have thought about it for a while , ' publishing manager eva gedin told aftonbladet .
all .
three books in the millennium series were published after stieg .
larsson 's death and he never got to experience the immense success of .
his work , which was turned into a hollywood film in 2011 with bond-actor .
daniel craig as mikael blomkvist and rooney mara as lisbeth salander .
eva gabrielsson , stieg larsson 's partner of 32 years , was shocked to find out about the new book .
' i think it is a bit greedy .
it 's already a billion-pound industry , ' she told aftonbladet .
` it is distasteful to try to make more money .
' the man with the golden pen : stieg larsson died in 2004 after suffering a heart attack walking up seven flights of stairs to his office and never saw his work published .
the millennium trilogy was published posthumously and quickly became a bestseller in europe and the u.s. .
the girl with the actual book : eva gabrielsson , stieg larsson 's partner of 32 years , has hit back at the new book calling the publishers ` greedy ' and maintain she still has stieg 's original script for a fourth book - which will not be part of the