a pair of unmistakable glasses which belonged to bespectacled funnyman benny hill have emerged for sale more than 20 years after his death .
the wire-rimmed specs were worn by the slapstick comic in a 1973 sketch called the deputy in which he played a bungling wild west sheriff .
hill had eye-holes drilled in the thick lenses - because contrary to popular belief there was nothing wrong with his sight .
making a spectacle of himself : the wire-rimmed glasses that tv funnyman benny hill wore in the deputy sketch for his hugely popular tv show are set to go under the hammer at c&t auctions in rochester , kent .
he became famous for his unique style of rude and raunchy comedy that often included chasing scantily clad women .
his tv series the benny hill show was such a hit that it ran for almost four decades and made him a household name .
the glasses are the last item to be sold from a private collection of memorabilia assembled by a fan following benny hill 's death in 1992 .
experts have tipped them to fetch # 600 when they go under the hammer at c&t auctions in rochester , kent .
the glasses are being sold with letters of provenance from benny hill fan club benny 's place and frances bolwell , a costume designer who worked on the benny hill show .
glen chapman , a specialist in tv memorabilia at c&t auctions , said : ` benny hill is a tv legend and there is nothing more recognisable than his round glasses .
double vision : the specs , pictured with auction tag , were worn in a 1973 edition of the comic 's show where he played a wild west sheriff .
hill had two holes drilled in the lenses as he could n't see through the thick glass .
comic legend : benny hill was a fixture of tv schedules in the 1980s with his show 's mixture of slapstick , silent comedy and sketches , often featuring him being chased by scantily-clad women , attracting millions of viewers .
` these ones are like the bottoms of milk bottles , but benny hill 's eyesight was fine so he had holes drilled into the lenses so he could see .
` they come from a scene called the deputy that