by .
alex gore .
published : .
05:47 est , 27 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
08:12 est , 27 december 2012 .
a mother and son have had their electronic tags removed so they can celebrate christmas and new year 's eve despite being convicted of a festive burglary .
a mother and son convicted of burgling a house during the festive period have been told they can remove their curfew tags so they can celebrate christmas and new year 's eve .
magistrates sparked outrage by telling julie crowe , 40 , and son jack , 18 , just days before christmas day that they were free to enjoy the festive season with their family in gillingham , kent .
the pair successfully applied for the resections to be lifted until january 2 , angering law-abiding members of the public .
curfew : magistrates told a mother and son they could remove their tags so they can celebrate the festivities .
the mother and son were sentenced in september for stealing # 250 worth of duvets , ornaments and vases from a show home in kempston , bedfordshire , three days after christmas last year .
julie crowe was also guilty of making fake charity buckets and given a community order and four month curfew restricting her to her kempston home between 7pm and 7am daily .
jack crowe is serving six month on a tag .
a reader of a local newspaper 's website bedfordshire-news .
co.uk said : ' a bad call by the magistrates .
maybe if the lovely miss crowe and her wonderful son missed the family knees-up in gillingham , they would think a bit harder about ripping off charitable folk and stealing property ?
' chair of the bench at at bedford magistrates court , sandra reynolds , said : ` because of your good compliance with your sentence we are going to grant this application .
we are not extending the curfew length so you both get a lot of time off .
' removed : the mother and son were told their curfew would be lifted at bedford magistrates ' court .
the court heard julie crowe was prepared to have the days off added to her sentence , but her son could not because he is serving the maximum sentence on tag .
jane anderson