too soon : st louis cardinals outfielder oscar taveras died sunday in a car accident in his native dominican republic .
less than a year after making his major league baseball debut , st louis cardinals outfielder oscar taveras has died in a car crash .
the 22-year-old slugger 's death was confirmed by his agent and newspapers in his native dominican republic , after he was involved in a traffic accident there on sunday .
his girlfriend , identified as 18-year-old edilia arvelo , was also reportedly in the 2014 chevy camaro when it crashed and died as well .
` he was n't carrying documents at the time of the accident , but his body was identified by family members , ' col. diego pesqueira of the metropolitan transportation agency said of taveras .
national police spokesman jacobo mateo moquete said he was told by the mayor of sosua that taveras lost control of his vehicle and went off the road .
it was reported that he died while driving on a stretch of road between the towns of cabarete and sosua .
' i simply ca n't believe it , ' cardinals general manager john mozeliak said in a release .
' i first met oscar when he was 16 years old and will forever remember him as a wonderful young man who was a gifted athlete with an infectious love for life who lived every day to the fullest .
' cardinals chairman bill dewitt jr. said the organization was ` stunned and deeply saddened ' by taveras ' death .
scroll down for video .
smashed : this photo shows oscar taveras ' heavily damaged chevy camaro after the st louis cardinals player died in a crash with his young girlfriend in the dominican republic on sunday .
` oscar was an amazing talent with a bright future who was taken from us well before his time , ' dewitt said .
` our thoughts and prayers are with his family and friends tonight .
' ` all of us throughout major league baseball are in mourning this evening , ' baseball commissioner bud selig said in a release .
` oscar , a young member of the baseball family , was full of promise and at the dawn of a wonderful career in our game , evident in his game-tying home run against the