older women never tire of hearing the tick-tock of the biological clock which is supposed to ruin their chances of having a healthy baby , but a new study reveals babies born to mothers aged over 40 can have better physical and emotional well-being .
and with a host of celebrities giving birth in their forties , researchers from birkbeck university of london and university college london have highlighted a growing trend in their study on older mothers .
singer gwen stefani , 44 , gave birth to a baby boy called apollo bowie flynn rossdale in february this year , while actress halle berry , 47 , gave birth to her latest child maceo last year .
researchers from from birkbeck university of london and university college london assessed children of women older than 40 , like singer gwen stefani who had her third child at 43 , and compared them with those born to younger mothers in their twenties .
uma thurman meanwhile did n't plan on having any more children after the two children she had with ex-husband ethan hawke , until she met new man arpas busson .
they welcomed their daughter luna into the world when the actress was 42 .
researchers assessed children of women older than 40 and compared them with those born to younger mothers in their twenties .
while they might tire their mothers out and be harder to catch -- the research suggests children born to mothers over 40 are healthier .
the study revealed mothers who give birth over the age of 40 were less likely to have sickly children .
halle berry , 47 , gave birth to her latest child maceo last year .
the study concluded that children of older mothers were 22 percent less likely to accidentally injure themselves and nearly a third less likely to be admitted to hospital by the age of three .
the offspring of older women are also more likely to have better emotional well-being as the likelihood of conflict between parent and child was found to decrease as the maternal age increased .
and language development by the ages of three and four was also better for the children of older mothers .
the number of women over the age of 40 having a baby has increased more than fourfold in the last 30 years , figures from the