by .
katy winter .
published : .
11:39 est , 1 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
13:00 est , 1 january 2014 .
the festive season usually brings heart-warming examples of compassion and kindness .
but for these puppies , it has not been a season of goodwill , as they were cruelly abandoned in a quarry in leeds just days before christmas .
rescued from the freezing temperatures , the dog trust leeds is now looking for a new home for the twelve-week-old puppies .
staff named the 12-week-old puppies jingle and bells , and they are looking for a new home in the new year .
the duo , named jingle and bells , were severely underweight and suffering from mange when they were found by a passer-by and brought to the centre .
currently recovering at the dogs trust centre in leeds , the charity hope to successfully re-home them in the new year .
amanda sands , manager at dogs trust leeds , told the yorkshire evening post : ` every year we see dogs like jingle and bells being abandoned over the christmas period and it never gets any easier .
when they were found , both pups were severely underweight and suffering from mange , but are now recovering at the dogs trust centre in leeds .
` the puppies were frightened , cold and in terrible condition when they first came to us .
' the centre , like many around the country , is constantly under strain from the number of dogs abandoned , rescued or given to the charity when owners feel they can no longer care for them .
the number of stray dogs dealt with .
by councils and authorities across the uk between april 1 2010 and march .
31 2011 was 126,176 - a 4 per cent increase on the previous year .
dogs trust care for around 16,000 dogs each year at 18 rehoming centres around the country and never destroy a healthy dog .
if you think you can offer jingle or bells a home , call 0113 2814920 or visit : www.dogstrust.org.uk .
and sadly , there are many more ... dogs , cats , rabbits ... with their sad faces , these abandoned creatures would melt any heart .
they 're among the christmas guests at the rspca shelter in