by .
matthew blake .
it is the size of a strawberry and weighs a bit less than three pound coins .
but if you had this rare blue beauty in your pocket you would be carrying around a diamond that could be worth more than # 60million .
the ` exceptional ' 122.5-carat blue diamond was unearthed at the cullinan mine in south africa which is renowned for producing giant gems .
rare gem : petra diamonds ltd said it had recovered the ` exceptional ' 122.52-carat gem -lrb- pictured from two angles -rrb- at its cullinan mine in south africa .
sparkler : the jewel , about the size of a strawberry -lrb- pictured -rrb- , is so pure that it is expected to eclipse the current world 's most expensive diamond - a 507-carat white diamond dug from the same mine that sold for # 20 million in 2010 .
a blue stone from the mine fetched .
# 508,000 per carat earlier this year .
if this much larger one achieves a .
similar valuation , it would command a price tag of # 62million -- .
smashing the record price paid for a rough stone .
anyone .
who buys it , however , will be hoping for better luck than the owners of .
the famous deep blue hope diamond .
it supposedly puts a curse on those .
who possess it , as the guillotined louis xvi and his wife marie .
antoinette discovered .
the .
newly discovered diamond was dug up by jersey-based petra diamonds at .
its mine near pretoria .
one industry insider said it was almost unheard .
of to find a blue stone weighing more than 100 carats .
diamond mine : other notable diamonds discovered at the cullinan mine -lrb- pictured -rrb- are the 25.5 carat cullinan blue diamond found in 2013 and sold for # 10 million -lrb- $ 16.9 million -rrb- , and the star of josephine diamond found in 2008 and sold for # 5.59 million -lrb- $ 9.49 million -rrb- .
rough diamond : it comes months after petra sold a 29.6 carat blue diamond -lrb- pictured -rrb- from the same mine for more than $ 25 million .
rough to royalty : a miner holds the cullinan diamond shortly after it was found in 1907 -lrb- left -rrb- before it was