a couple have transformed a disused city centre factory into one of britain 's most energy-efficient homes - which costs just # 300 per year to run .
julian marsh and his wife judy liebert began the project to convert a former meat factory into a beacon of green technology in 2009 .
now , five years later , the home is in the running to be crowned the greenest home in britain .
it features a waterless composting toilet , translucent walls to reduce the need for electric lighting and corridors on the outside the insulate the central rooms .
how it looks now : architect julian marsh and judy liebert pictured standing in front of their eco-home which has become one of the greenest in the country .
before : julian marsh bought this disused meat factory building in 2009 for # 150,000 with the intention of transforming it into a beacon of green technology .
transformation : the meat factory is now a spacious home filled with natural light throughout the building .
julian , 63 , an architect professor at .
sheffield hallam university , south yorkshire , said : ` it 's a huge .
honour that our house has been named as one of the greenest in the uk - .
and it would be great if it was awarded as the greenest .
` judy .
and i are very proud of the work we have done and it 's great that our .
efforts have been recognised .
it would be an amazing triumph to win but .
it is n't everything to us .
` we just want to prove that it is possible , even in an urban environment , to build homes which are environmentally friendly .
` we have n't got much time to start taking our energy consumption , and the effect it is having on the planet , seriously .
' after spending # 150,000 to buy the former factory in nottingham , the .
couple invested a further # 500,000 to knock the building down , .
decontaminate the land and build the property .
costly : the couple spent # 500,000 knocking the building down , decontaminating the land and building the new property .
back to basics : the eco-home has a composting toilet which requires the user to scoop a handful of