the year was 1902 and the rich of london lived in peace and prosperity in a city which was the financial centre of the world .
but just yards from where the upper classes of the capital resided in opulence , the poor scratched an existence in chronic misery in east end slums .
disguised as a stranded sailor , american journalist jack london took to the streets of whitechapel to document the struggles of london 's destitute , in what is believed to be the earliest contemporary account of life on the city 's streets .
he wrote the people of the abyss -lrb- 1903 -rrb- based on his first-hand account of living in the east end for several months the previous year , sometimes staying in workhouses or sleeping on the streets .
in eighty-six days he gathered an enormous amount of material , read hundreds of books and thousands of pamphlets , newpapers , and parliamentary reports , composed his book , typed it all out , took two-thirds of the photographs with his own camera .
the conditions he experienced and wrote about were the same as those endured by an estimated 500,000 of the contemporary london poor .
now the seminal work has been republished as handbound box set .
the people of the abyss -lrb- 1903 -rrb- is a book by jack london about life in the east end of london in 1902 .
he wrote this first-hand account by living in the east end , sometimes staying in workhouses or sleeping on the streets , and writing and photographing all he saw .
a photo entitled ` view in wapping ' in the groundbreaking book .
disguised as a stranded sailor , american journalist london took to the streets of the east end to document the struggles of london 's destitute .
a photo titled ` under the arches ' shows destitute and drunk men slumped under the arches where they were forced to sleep .
a group of starving ` ticket men ' queue at a salvation army courtyard , waiting for a ticket to afford them food .
london wrote : ` for over two hours i had waited outside , and for over another hour i waited in this packed courtyard .
i had had nothing to eat all night , and i was weak and faint , while the