by .
david mccormack .
published : .
10:09 est , 18 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
11:54 est , 18 december 2012 .
sandy hook gunman adam lanza , 20 , deliberately destroyed his computer 's hard drive , erasing potentially valuable evidence , before going on friday 's bloody rampage .
the fbi is trying to recover information from his hard drive , but has admitted it may not be possible as lanza smashed it with a hammer or screwdriver and may also have overwritten it in a bid to hide his secrets .
cellphones and computer games have also been seized , but police have found no evidence to suggest that he was being treated with any drugs prescribed for mental illness .
crime scene : investigators have trawled the lanza 's home for evidence and taken away his smashed computer , plus cellphones and video games .
adam lanza , right , lived at the house on yogananda street with mom nancy until friday 's massacre .
` the kid knew what he was doing , ' a law enforcement source told new york magazine .
` this was a planned event .
there is no question about it .
' lanza left no note or letter offering a motive for the killings , or explanation for why he targeted innocent school children .
investigators have trawled lanza 's home for any hope of evidence which might lead to a greater understanding of what prompted his rampage .
connecticut state police lieutenant paul vance said investigators are examining ` anything that can provide us with information ' about lanza .
detectives are poring through his cellphone records and voicemails , viewing text messages and social network pages , hoping to find answers .
they are also using search warrants to get medical records to determine if he was being treated for a medical or psychiatric ailment , and what , if anything , was prescribed , a source told seattle pi .
much of the evidence seized involves .
video and internet gaming material .
according to a plumber who worked at the home in newtown , adam lanza was ` obsessed ' with weapons and violent video games such as call of duty .
police have found no evidence to suggest that lanza was being treated with any drugs prescribed for mental