by .
daily mail reporter .
police are thought to be close to making an arrest in the high-profile murder case of menachem stark but , despite the orthodox jewish real estate developer owing as much as $ 40 million debts at the time of his death , his killers could have been following up an unpaid bill of just $ 20,000 .
according to the new york post , investigators are focused on a contractor and several of the 40-year-old 's relatives , almost three months after the discovery of his charred body in a long island dumpster on january 3 .
stark was abducted outside his office at 331 rutledge st in brooklyn about 11.35 pm the night before .
the biggest development in the case since has been location of the van used in his abduction , which was caught on cctv cameras parking on the street at 5pm on the day of his kidnapping .
scroll down for video .
breakthrough : on january 14 police located the dodge minivan -lrb- center -rrb- used in the kidnapping of menachem stark , which was carrying ohio numberplate and is believed to have lead them to man of interest .
a contractor who allegedly murdered slumlord menachem stark was owed $ 20,000 by the brooklyn developer , it has been claimed .
a suspect in the kidnap and murder of stark is seen on security camera footage on the night of january 2 .
the man arrived at the scene in the minivan at 5pm and allegedly abducted stark at 11.35 pm .
the same man who parked the van had been seen lurking in the area since december 19 .
when stark left his office he was confronted by two men in the snow , whom he spoke to for two minutes before being pulled into the car .
the 2002 dodge minivan , which was carrying number plates from ohio , was located on january 14 in brownsville , 10 days after stark 's murder .
stark 's dna was found inside the van , whose owner was questioned by 90th precinct cops at the time it was located .
the contractor at the center of the investigation is said to have a connection to the van .
investigators also have been able to track the cellphone of one of the suspects in the area where