miss new york kira kazantsev was named the new miss america on sunday night , marking the third year in a row that a contestant from her state has walked away with the crown in the nationally televised pageant .
kazantsev received the crown at atlantic city 's boardwalk hall from outgoing miss america - and miss new york - nina davuluri .
for her talent performance , kazantsev sang pharrell williams ' happy while sitting cross-legged on the stage and banging a red plastic cup on the floor .
scroll down for video .
miss new york kira kazantsev she was named miss america 2015 during the annual pageant held in atlantic city on sunday .
spelling mistake : twitter was soon awash with people pointing out the misspelling of pride and prejudice author austen in a caption during kazantsev 's talent performance .
her win came despite an embarrassing spelling mistake that appeared on screen during her talent performance .
as kazantsev sang her heart out , information about her interests popped up on screen - including that she loves anything jane austin -lrb- sic -rrb- .
twitter was soon awash with people pointing out the misspelling of pride and prejudice author austen .
many on social media were critical of kazantsev 's performance , but she said she was inspired by the 2012 movie pitch perfect in which anna kendrick 's character auditions for an a capella group by performing rhythmically with a cup .
kazantsev also said she did it to show future contestants they can win the miss america pageant by performing whatever talent routine they like , regardless of what others think of it .
miss new york kira kazantsev plans to speak out against domestic violence during her yearlong reign as miss america .
kira kazantsev , right , walks the runway after she was named miss america 2015 with nina davuluri , miss america 2014 , left , who was also once miss new york .
` the reason why i chose to do that talent is i wanted every single little girl in america to be able to see that you can do that talent - you can do whatever talent you want on national television - even with a red cup - and still be miss america and have the time of your life , ' kazantsev said .
'