by .
suzannah hills .
published : .
06:49 est , 24 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:03 est , 24 july 2013 .
lee ellis , 39 , stole roof tiles and lead flashing from the home of his former partner and two children .
a father-of-two who literally stole the roof over his children 's heads by stealing tiles and lead from their house has walked free from court .
unemployed lee ellis , 39 , climbed up on to the roof of former partner jill slater 's house in castleford , west yorkshire , in the early hours of the morning and removed the tiles and lead flashing .
ms slater was was asleep at the property with their three-year-old twins and her 15-year-old daughter from a previous relationship when she awoke to footsteps on the roof .
she rang police and then looked out the window - coming face to face with her former partner as he climbed down from the roof .
ellis fled the scene on foot but was caught by police officers after a brief chase following the theft on june 18 .
wakefield magistrates court heard the tiles had been stacked up on the roof and a large quantity of lead flashing was found on the ground outside the house .
lisa evans , prosecuting , told the court miss slater had to claim # 3,500 from her insurance company for the damage ellis caused to her home .
she said : ` it sounded like rubble falling down and then footsteps .
she was afraid and went in to her older daughter 's room , who was also afraid .
' mitigating at the hearing yesterday , craig sutcliffe said his client had taken sleeping tablets and had little recollection of the incident .
he said : ` he had no intention to cause upset to his own children or the mother of his children .
the break up with miss slater was difficult for mr ellis .
` it was n't a situation where there was a clean break between them , that 's inevitable when there are children in the family .
` also , despite the fact that they split up some time ago , they have periodically got back together which has perhaps led to a state of confusion about whether the relationship was