by .
martin robinson .
published : .
11:44 est , 9 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:25 est , 9 december 2013 .
tragedy : victoria harrison , 17 , bled to death after an artery was torn during a routine operation , an inquest heard .
a teenage hairdresser bled to death over 15 hours after a surgeon tore an artery during a routine operation , an inquest heard today .
victoria harrison died in her bed at kettering general hospital , whose staff failed her in 43 different ways .
the 17-year-old was so scared for her life she even texted a picture of her blood-soaked t-shirt to her boyfriend in the hours before she died .
she was admitted to hospital for routine key-hole surgery on august 15 last year after suffering abdominal pains .
but during the 30-minute operation to remove her appendix , she suffered internal bleeding when surgeons tore a hole in an artery while inserting a micro-camera into her stomach .
staff managed to repair the hole but she lost almost half a pint of blood and she was sent to recover on a ward , but died the next day .
an inquest at the best western hotel in corby , northamptonshire , heard nurses failed to read her medical notes which indicated she had suffered a large bleed during surgery .
she was not properly checked and nurses failed to take her blood pressure which would have indicated her blood loss .
despite complaining of being in pain nurses gave her morphine until she suffered heart failure and died at 7am on august 16 .
her death also sparked a huge investigation by hospital into her care .
a report by kettering general hospital nhs foundation trust found staff made 43 errors while caring for miss harrison .
bereft : victoria 's mother tracy foskett and sister sarah francis have demanded answers about how their loved-one died .
damning : a report by kettering general hospital nhs foundation trust found its staff made 43 errors while caring for miss harrison there before she died .
the inquest heard her surgeon shady hosny said one of the abdominal wall arteries started bleeding during the operation .
within 30 minutes the bleeding had stopped but it was unclear from medical notes how much blood she had lost exactly but