by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
01:11 est , 19 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
01:57 est , 19 june 2012 .
taking a cue from new york city 's proposed ban on sugary drinks , one massachusetts town is looking to pass a similar crackdown to combat obesity and diabetes .
residents of cambridge may have to sacrifice larger portions of soft drinks in its battle of the bulge , nearly a month after new york city mayor michael bloomberg made national headlines with his own proposal .
cambridge mayor henrietta davis submitted the proposal at a city council meeting on monday night .
scroll down for video .
controversial : a proposed ban on large sugary drinks in both new york city and cambridge , massachusetts has started a heated debate .
the size limit on the drinks was not mentioned in her resolution , but it 's expected to follow bloomberg 's limit of 16 ounces .
cambridge mayor henrietta davis told whdh : ` when people are served these gigantic portions of soda in bottomless cups , sometimes it 's just more than people are able to resist .
' also like bloomberg 's resolution , the davis ' measure has ignited a heated discussion .
axis sivitz , 25 , of cambridge , told the boston globe that he supports the ban , saying : ` when faced with a health crisis , you have to do something about it .
' her honour 's quest : cambridge mayor henrietta davis submitted the proposal at a city council meeting on monday night .
obestity battle : drinks this large would be eliminated from restaurants in cambridge , massachusetts , if davis ' proposed ban goes through .
sophia talamasm 29 , told the paper she 's against davis ' proposal .
she said : ` sometimes you need a soda .
' cambridge is home to harvard university , where bloomberg got his mba degree .
nanny : mr bloomberg has been criticized for banning bad foods like a protective nanny .
new york city opened the issue for public debate after bloomberg pitched the crackdown to the city council late last month .
while bloomberg has faced uproar in the big apple over the ban , polls show that new yorkers are mostly split on the issue .