thousands of hungarians .
protested in budapest against a planned new tax on internet data transfers which they said would not only increase .
the tax burden but also curb fundamental democratic rights .
and freedoms .
prime minister viktor orban 's government , which has been .
widely accused of adopting anti-democratic policies , first .
unveiled plans for the new tax last week in the draft 2015 .
tax bill submitted to parliament .
the draft tax bill contains a provision for internet .
providers to pay a tax of 150 forints -lrb- 40 pence -rrb- per .
gigabyte of data traffic , though it would also let companies .
offset corporate income tax against the new levy .
scroll down for video .
thousands of hungarians lift their mobile phones in protest at plans to impose a tax on internet data transfers .
prime minister viktor orban 's government , which has been widely accused of adopting anti-democratic policies , first unveiled plans for the new tax last week in the draft 2015 tax bill submitted to parliament .
the rally on sunday was organised by a facebook group which .
has over 210,000 supporters .
the protesters , which some local .
websites estimated as numbering over 10,000 , gathered in front .
of the economy ministry chanting : ` free hungary !
free internet !
' the organisers of ' 100,000 against the internettax ' said in a press release : ` the move ... follows a wave of alarming anti-democratic .
measures by orban that is pushing hungary even further adrift .
from europe .
` the measure would impede equal access to the internet , .
deepening the digital divide between hungary 's lower economic .
groups , and limiting internet access for cash-poor schools and .
universities , ' they added .
the draft tax bill contains a provision for internet providers to pay a tax of 150 forints -lrb- 40 pence -rrb- per gigabyte of data traffic , though it would also let companies offset corporate income tax against the new levy .
the protesters , which some local websites estimated as numbering over 10,000 , gathered in front of the economy ministry chanting : ` free hungary !
free internet !
' at one point , protesters held up their mobile phones , lighting up the square in front of