the jet-setting bacardi rum empire heiress monika barcardi has claimed that she was blackmailed by the playboy stepson of the founder of the italian car design dynasty abarth .
europe is now braced for a trial promising to spin a real-life tale of glamour , wealth , stealth and sex .
raphael abarth , 57 , was arrested after demanding a # 234,000 ` connection fee ' for putting monika in touch with the high society set she was later to marry into .
police say she paid him close to # 80,000 before she realised she was being ` shaken down ' .
she refused to hand over any more cash and called in detectives .
jet set : monika bacardi , pictured here with joan collins at a party last year , married cuban-born billionaire luis adalberto facundo gomez del campo bacardi in 2000 .
he died five years later .
betrayal : abarth , left , demanded cash from monika for increasingly bizarre reasons , it is claimed .
she helped him with dentist work he needed but then wanted money for a miracle healer , she claimed to police .
' i lived in fear for mine and my daughter 's life , ' she told police .
italian-born monika , now 54 , who once helped to run her family 's real estate business , married the cuban-born billionaire luis adalberto facundo gomez del campo bacardi after she went to work for him .
she allegedly got the job thanks to a recommendation from raphael 's mother , anneliese , the third wife of carlo abarth who died in 1979 .
he founded a famous italian motorcycle firm and in 1933 won acclaim across the continent when he beat the orient express train in an 800-mile race from vienna to ostende in belgium .
he went on to become a top designer for fiat and porsche .
according to arbarth , monika was hired after anneliese made the introductions and she and luis married in 2000 .
her 's was a world ever-after of private jets , presidential hotel suites , exotic villas , servants , jewels and all the glittering prizes money could buy .
luis was a board member of the family rum business for 40 years , and passed away just five years after their marriage .
they had one child together