by .
sam adams .
published : .
04:37 est , 20 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
01:44 est , 21 september 2012 .
a haul of art worth more than $ 10 million has been stolen from the home of a wealthy californian banker known as the ` bond god .
' pieces by some of finest artists of the 20th century , including celebrated dutch painter piet mondrian , were among the 13 works snatched from the santa monica residence of jeffrey gundlach .
the thieves also took mr gundlach 's porsche , expensive watches and wine during the raid , which is thought to be one of the most costly of its kind on a private home .
theft : art by some of the finest painters of the 20th century were taken during the raid , including this piece -lrb- pictured -rrb- by the canadian-born artist philip guston .
valuable : also taken was an eye catching piece by the dutch artist piet mondrian -lrb- pictured left -rrb- and a work by the impressionist painter guy rose -lrb- right -rrb- .
raid : this piece by american landscape painter william wendt was part of the stolen haul .
santa monica police have published .
pictures of the art work in a bid to track the pieces down , while mr gundlach has reportedly offered a $ 100,000 reward for the return of his property .
$ 1,000 is also being offered for information leading to the arrest and .
conviction of those who carried out the raid , according to santa monica police .
the theft took place between 3 pm last wednesday and 8 pm on friday while the owner was away from his santa monica home .
among the watches stolen were high-end .
pieces by breitling , tag heuer and philip patek , while the car stolen .
was a red 2010 porsche carrera 4s .
victim : among the art work stolen from the home of financier jeffrey gundlach -lrb- pictured left -rrb- were pieces by the american artist joseph cornell -lrb- an example of which is pictured , right -rrb- .
the items are believed to have been taken from different rooms within the house .
the haul included a painting by the expressionist artist richard .
diebenkorn and two glass-fronted boxes by the american surrealist artist and