marseille missed the chance to extend their lead at the top of ligue 1 , a defeat to monaco preventing them from taking a major advantage over psg .
with the champions having suffered a shock defeat away to strugglers guingamp , marseille arrived in the principality knowing a win would take them four points clear at the top of the table .
but a goalkeeping mistake from the usually dependable steve mandanda saw the league leaders slip up , as bernardo silva took advantage to score the game 's only goal .
bernardo silva is congratulated by his team-mates after scoring the games only goal for monaco .
steve mandanda can not believe his own mistake as monaco 's goalscorer silva celebrates with andrea raggi .
brice djadjedje escapes the tackle of monaco defender andrea raggi , only to see his shot well saved .
rod fanni , who missed the best chance of the first half when well-placed , makes a tackle on nabil dirar .
monaco : subasic , tavares , toulalan , abdennour , raggi , bakayoko , joão moutinho , dirar -lrb- ocampos 78 mins -rrb- , silva -lrb- diallo 91 -rrb- , ferreira-carrasco , martial -lrb- germain 82 -rrb- .
subs not used : stekelenburg , , traore , lópez menendez , bahamboul .
booked : moutinho 43 , raggi 85 , ocampos 90 .
marseille : mandanda , dja djedje , fanni , n'koulou , mendy , imbula , lemina -lrb- boutobba 84 -rrb- , thauvin , payet , a. ayew -lrb- batshuayi 72 -rrb- , gignac .
subs not used : aloe , morel , samba , omrani , romao .
booked : lemina 45 , mendy .
referee : tony chapron .
in a game of few clear-cut chances , it was always likely to take a mistake , or a moment of magic to break the deadlock , and in the end the winner came from a combination of the two .
a lovely move down monaco 's right hand side , the best of the match , opened up the away defence , with yannick ferreira-carrasco and nabil dirar combining beautifully .
but , when anthony martial cut the ball back for silva , he was afforded an inexcusable amount of space 15 yards out by a marseille defence that had been bamboozled by a simple stepover .
even