by .
jill reilly .
published : .
09:34 est , 27 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:59 est , 27 february 2013 .
inspiration : writer stephane hessel has died aged 95 .
stephane hessel , the concentration camp survivor who inspired the occupy wall street movement has died aged 95 .
mr hessel who was a member of the french resistance passed away overnight in paris according to his wife .
as a spy for the french resistance , he survived the nazi death camp at buchenwald by assuming the identity of a french prisoner who was already dead .
as a diplomat , he helped write the u.n. 's universal declaration of human rights .
and at age 93 , after a distinguished but relatively anonymous life , he published a slim pamphlet that even he expected would be little more than a vanity project .
but mr hessel 's 32-page time for outrage sold millions of copies across europe , tapping into a vein of popular discontent with capitalism and transforming him into an intellectual superstar within weeks .
translated into english , the pocket-sized book became a source of inspiration for the occupy wall street movement .
in the book , mr hessel urges young people to take inspiration from the anti-nazi resistance to which he once belonged and rally against what he saw as the newest evil : the love of money .
the book , called indignez-vous in french , had an initial run of 8,000 copies in 2010 and sold for 3 euro -lrb- $ 4 , # 2.60 -rrb- before becoming a best-seller .
unexpected bestsller : mr hessel 's 32-page time for outrage sold millions of copies across europe , tapping into a vein of popular discontent with capitalism and transforming him into an intellectual superstar .
man behind the movement : translated into english , the pocket-sized book became a source of inspiration for the occupy wall street movement .
born in germany , mr hessel and his parents immigrated to france in 1924 , where they settled into an avant-garde life , hanging out with artists like alexander calder and marcel duchamp .
mr hessel fled to london to join the resistance led by gen. charles de gaulle in 1941 , but sneaked back into occupied france on a spying mission in 1944 , where