stoke paid a nice tribute to newcastle 's cancer-suffering winger jonas gutierrez in their matchday programme .
but they also had a little bit of mischievous fun , bizarrely quoting newcastle 's odds to win the premier league -- an outlandish 5,000-1 .
they did not , however , mention that they themselves are 2,500-1 !
it 's fair to say that quoting the odds on relegation would have been a little more relevant .
incidentally , stoke are 9-1 for the drop while newcastle are as short as 4-1 .
jonas gutierrez of newcastle in action against bacary sagna -lrb- left -rrb- and aaron ramsey of arsenal last season .
newcastle 's cheick tiote was revealed as having two wives and a mistress on monday morning .
the midfielder was only rumbled when his mistress found out about his second marriage , for he had promised to marry her as well .
ironically , it was also on monday that manager alan pardew revealed his love for the ivorian on the pages of sportsmail , saying : ` i love him .
i just love that he 's a winner ' .
mr tiote , it seems , is a man in demand .
cheick ismael tiote of newcastle battles with marko arnautovic of stoke on monday evening .
the magpies wore their garish new third kit for the first time , a pea green and navy design which was unveiled earlier this month .
quite why they need a third kit is beyond most supporters and only one of the 2,500 in the away end could be seen sporting the jersey .
their previous ` blue and green ' kit was worn for just one match in the mid nineties .
that , however , brought them a little more luck , andy cole scoring the only goal at sheffield wednesday on that occasion .
newcastle 's previous ` blue and green ' kit was worn for just one match in the mid nineties .
united owner mike ashley was last heard outside of a london pub saying pardew was ` dead , finished and over ' if the team were beaten here at stoke .
well , the billionaire was in attendance and he arrived in a chauffeur-driven people carrier before being shielded from the rain by a stoke official as he entered the stadium .
dressed