police say arizona cardinals running back jonathan dwyer broke his wife 's nose with a head-butt during an argument that began after she learned about his recent phone contact with another woman .
search-warrant records made public tuesday say the july 21 argument came after dwyer 's wife came to believe her husband was cheating .
dwyer was arrested last week after his wife told police her husband assaulted her on july 21 and 22 at their phoenix apartment .
the arrest came at a time when the nfl and commissioner roger goodell are under fire over a series of violent off-the-field encounters involving some marquee players , including ray rice , adrian peterson and greg hardy .
domestic violence : arizona cardinals running back jonathan dwyer -lrb- far right -rrb- is accused of beating up his wife , kayla -lrb- center -rrb- for refusing to have sex with him and throwing a shoe at their young son -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
the nfl has said the dwyer case will be reviewed under the league 's personal-conduct policy .
the day after his arrest , the cardinals placed dwyer on the reserve/non-football illness list , meaning he ca n't play for arizona again this season .
dwyer is charged with aggravated assault , misdemeanor assault , disorderly conduct , criminal damage and preventing the use of a telephone during an emergency .
messages left for his lawyer , jared allen , were n't immediately returned tuesday .
dwyer is scheduled for a status conference on october 6 and an october 9 preliminary hearing .
his wife , 27-year-old kayla tobin dwyer , left the state after the incidents , but came forward two weeks ago after dwyer apparently sent suicidal text messages including a photo of a knife .
arrested : dwyer was arrested wednesday on aggravated assault charges in connection with two altercations at his home in july involving his family .
handcuffed : phoenix police officers escort arizona cardinals running back jonathan dwyer , to the 4th avenue jail following his arrest on wednesday .
in the first encounter , police say dwyer attempted to kiss and undress his wife , but she refused .
someone who heard the argument called police , who showed up at the apartment but did not make an arrest .
dwyer hid in a shower and his wife said she had n't