oribe peralta scored in the 89th minute to earn america a draw against the montreal impact in the first leg of the concacaf champions league final .
the second-half substitute headed home a cross from argentine midfielder rubens sambueza .
argentine striker ignacio piatti had put the impact ahead when he converted andres romero 's ball in early in the first half .
ignaciio piatti celebrates after opening the scoring with the message ` grandfather i love you ' piatti celebrates with team-mate dilly duka after putting the canadian side in front .
oribe peralta beats callum mallace to the ball to head home the equaliser for america .
nigel reo-coker celebrates with his team-mates after the opening goal .
peralta celebrates after his goal ensured the concacaf champions league final remains finely balanced .
goalkeeper evan bush of canada 's montreal impact is seen with a laser beam on his eye .
1997-04 wimbledon .
2004-07 west ham .
2007-11 aston villa .
2011-12 bolton .
2012-13 ipswich .
2013-14 vancouver whitecaps .
2014 chivas usa .
2015 - montreal impact .
nigel reo-coker , formerly of west ham and aston villa , captained the impact for 76 minutes before he was replaced .
' i think it 's a great result for us , ' he said .
` it was not an easy place to come and get a result .
at times , we played some great football and we showed what we were capable as a team .
we could have done a little bit more some other times , but in the end , we kept ourselves in it .
' reo-coker 's coach frank klopas added : ; ' a 1-0 win would have been great , but i think a 1-1 draw gives us confidence for the second leg .
' montreal now need a scoreless draw or a win in the second leg , to be played next wednesday night at home at olympic stadium , to become the first canadian team to win the concacaf tournament .
reo-coker captained the impact to a credible draw against america .
callum wallace passes the ball past darwin quintero and erik pimente during the draw .
erik pimentel -lrb- left -rrb- battles for the ball with dilly duka in the first leg of the final .
peralta launches into a diving header during