by .
daily mail reporter .
middle aged men whose diet is loaded with junk food - such as processed meat and sugary drinks - are at greater risk from depression , according to a new study .
however , researchers found eating plenty of fruit and vegetables wards off the blues .
a study of more than 2,000 men found a healthy diet reduced their risk of developing the mental illness which affects almost a fifth of british adults .
middle aged men whose diets are loaded with junk food - such as processed meat and sugary drinks - are at greater risk of suffering from depression .
and shedding the pounds by improving diet and exercising more was associated with fewer cases of the condition .
nutritionist anu ruusunen , of the university of eastern finland , said : ` the study reinforces the hypothesis a healthy diet has potential not only in the warding off of depression , but also in its prevention .
' patients with depression often eat poorly and consume fewer nutrients , but it has been unclear whether diet is linked with the risk in healthy people .
the new study found those who ate most vegetables , fruits , berries , whole grains , poultry , fish and low fat cheese suffered less symptoms and a lower risk of the condition during 13 years of follow up .
increased intake of folate found in vegetables , fruits , berries , whole grains , meat and liver also had a beneficial affect , along with greater coffee consumption .
and participation in a three year lifestyle intervention programme involving a separate group of 140 middle aged men and women improved depression scores , with slimmer bodies leading to fewer symptoms .
eating plenty of fruit and vegetables wards off the blues .
but a junk food diet characterised by eating a lot of sausages , processed meats , sugary drinks , desserts and snacks , manufactured foods and baked or processed potatoes was associated with an increase in cases .
contrary to some earlier observations , vitamin b12 intake , tea drinking and total caffeine intake were not related to the risk of depression in this study .
the study was based on the population-based kuopio ischaemic heart disease risk factor study and the participants were all middle aged or older finnish men