by .
wills robinson .
they have become a deadly component in modern warfare - conducting lethal air strikes and stealthy surveillance missions .
but drones could now be invading social media because of the newest craze in self-portraits - ` dronies ' .
the self-shot aerial videos taken from the remote-controlled aircraft look set to overtake ` selfies ' according to a new report by high street retailers .
scroll down for videos .
new craze : snowboarders in new zealand have started taking ` dronies ' by attaching cameras to the remote-controlled aircraft and flying them above the slopes .
spectacular ` selfie ' : they attach cameras to the devices before hovering them above the slopes .
tech-savy customers have adapted drone technology which is being used to film everything from houses to extreme sports from the air .
the dramatic rise in sales of personal drones has been boosted by the new ` dronie ' craze while the personal aircraft are also becoming more affordable .
latest figures from electronics specialist maplin reveal sales of drones have shot up by 200 per cent in the last eight weeks with the retailer predicting drones to be the ` must-have ' gift this christmas .
maplin spokesperson breffni walsh , said : ` people are clearly opting to take the selfie to new levels and ` dronie ' demand has soared .
soaring : retailers predict the new trend will overtake selfies as the pilotless devices become more affordable .
views : the drones can take close-up pictures or stunning panoramic images from a greater altitude .
` drones will be the `` must have '' gift this christmas and we 've already seen a huge spike in the number of customers coming into store to purchase them for their loved ones .
' the term ` dronie ' is defined by the urban dictionary as ' a photo taken of one 's own self using a remote-controlled pilotless aircraft .
' one of maplin 's most popular models is the new dji phantom fc40 quadcopter drone costing # 369.99 .
small enough to fit in a back-pack , it comes with an attachable hd camera to allow photographs and video to be shot using the specially built app .
footage can be swiftly uploaded onto a computer or directly to youtube and other video sharing sites .