hell hath no fury like a woman scorned , the 17th century saying goes .
and one wife , hell-bent on revenge for her husband 's philandering , has proved it is as true today as when first coined more than 300 years ago .
furious with her cheating husband , delores cureton used a gun and a hammer to smash up his lincoln town car as it sat in the driveway of their home in york county , south carolina .
a scorned wife used a gun and a hammer to smash her philandering husband 's car after finding out he had been cheating on her in york county , south carolina .
the 61-year-old woman pulled up to the house in her own vehicle before getting into her husband 's to smash the windows and taillights .
the 61-year-old 's partner , john cureton , was inside the house with another woman at the time , police were told .
she was arrested for criminal domestic violence despite her husband 's decision not to press charges .
according to kvs12.com , mrs cureton pulled up outside the house in her own vehicle in a violent rage .
she then got into her husband 's car where he stored a gun in the glovebox .
afraid of being shot , mr cureton stood back as his wife tried to load the weapon , he said .
mrs cureton then fetched a hammer from her own truck to begin smashing the taillights and windows of her husband 's car before passing out .
when police arrived the woman was clutching a blood-soaked towel .
she was taken to piedmont medical center and later charged with criminal domestic violence after admitting most of her husband 's claims were true .
it was never established whether or not another woman was inside the house during the incident .
delores cureton fetched a hammer -lrb- right -rrb- from her own car to further damage her husband 's vehicle .
police were told the woman was reacting to news her husband had been cheating on her .
police were told how mrs cureton took her husband 's gun from the car 's glove box during the attack .
she was taken to hospital after collapsing at the scene and was later charged with criminal domestic violence .
mrs cureton 's husband did not press