a sixth suspect was arrested friday in connection with the september shooting of 13 people in a chicago park .
darren curtis , 28 , faces a litany of charges for his involvement in the sept 19 mass shooting on the basketball court of a south side park .
mr curtis has been charged with three counts of attempted murder and three counts of aggravated assault , a chicago police department spokesperson told mailonline .
scroll down for video .
the sixth person arrested : darren curtis , 28 , is the latest person arrested in connection with the september shooting at chicago 's cornell park .
mr curtis was apprehended friday at his south side home , police said .
he is expected to appear sunday afternoon in central bond court .
it is not exactly clear how mr curtis was involved in the attack , and officials are not commenting at this time .
the arrests come as the youngest .
victim - 3-year-old deonta howard - is said to be making a speedy recovery after he was shot in the cheek .
police .
have identified two gunmen and three others who were accomplices , most of .
whom face attempted murder and aggravated battery charges .
recovering : deonta howard , 3 , was hit with a bullet in the cheek during the gang-related shooting on thursday .
next steps : the boy is due to be released on wednesday and his mother shamarah leggett -lrb- right -rrb- says that he will need reconstructive plastic surgery on his face during the recovery .
investigators believe tabari young , 22 , .
was the principal gunman and he was charged tuesday , mccarthy said .
bryon champ , 21 , who was charged a day earlier , was also a shooter , the .
police superintendent said .
a suspected lookout , brad jett , 22 , and kewane gatewood , 20 , have also been charged in connection to the shooting , which is believed to be retaliation for a previous gang shooting weeks earlier , according to wls .
another suspect , david logan , 22 , has been charged with unlawful use of a weapon and obstructing justice , according to the chicago tribune .
authorities describe champ as a documented gang member and say he was convicted in july 2012 on charges of