the troubled son of dynasty star kate o'mara hanged himself after she asked him to move out of her home , an inquest heard yesterday .
it is thought dickon o'mara had been dead for up to three weeks when his body was discovered on new year 's eve , just days before his 50th birthday .
he had spiralled into a life of drink and drug abuse after suffering brain damage when he was run over three years earlier , the court heard .
in a final text to his mother he wrote : ` i wish the car that hit me was going faster .
' dickon o'mara , the troubled son of dynasty acress kate o'mara , was found hanged in a garage of her home , an inquest has heard .
the inquest heard he appeared to have been sleeping in the garage of his mother 's home after she asked him to leave her cottage two months earlier because she could no longer cope with his behaviour .
by then , the 73-year-old actress had been hospitalised with pneumonia .
she was still too ill to attend yesterday 's inquest .
the unemployed theatre technician had been hit by a car in january 2010 and suffered brain injuries which affected his balance and left him unable to work .
miss o'mara later bought a property in long marston , warwickshire , in the hope her son could obtain work at the royal shakespeare company in nearby stratford-upon-avon .
but he struggled to find a job .
detective constable philip hewish told the court that mr o'mara ` struggled to cope ' with his mother 's diagnosis of pneumonia in september ` and his drinking became worse ' .
mr o'mara 's godmother patricia purkiss -lrb- left , with belinda cochrane , right , kate o'mara 's sister , leaving the inquest today -rrb- said his mother loved him dearly .
pictured right is mr o'mara as a boy with his mother .
police were called to an argument between the pair at her cottage in october , which led to her renting a home for him in stratford .
the following month , a friend of mr o'mara 's contacted police after he texted her with the message : ` it 's time to die .
' he was found ` safe and well '