by .
gerri peev .
liberal democrat stephen williams attacked the rule that councils had to hold a referendum if they wanted to raise council tax by more than two per cent .
the liberal democrat 's local government minister has described his own department 's flagship policy on council tax as ` absurd ' .
liberal democrat stephen williams attacked the rule - handed down by his own department for communities and local government - that councils had to hold a referendum if they wanted to raise council tax by more than two per cent .
he also suggested that town halls should be able to impose a new ` bedroom tax ' on hotels in tourist areas .
and in comments at a fringe event at his party 's conference in york , mr williams also suggested that planning minister nick boles was ` hated ' by his own party .
mr williams said of the coalition 's council tax policy : ` a referendum on tax rises is absurd .
if we had it for income tax , vat , then the country would probably grind to a halt .
' he then went on to spell out his vision of giving councils powers to introduce even more taxes , saying ` why should n't we generally provide that local government can set new taxes , possibly across a range of areas ?
' .
` you could have a genuine ` bedroom tax ' on hotels , for instance , in major tourist areas - seaside towns , and cities like york .
the city council would have done very well out of us this week if there was a # 1 tax on every room .
that 's where i want us to get to .
' the minister offered a bleak assessment of the impact his own department for communities and local government was having because of its cuts .
` some district councils , because of the fall in central government grant , are undoubtedly going to get into severe financial difficulty - and viability questions will probably be asked over the next two to three years , ' he said .
planning policy was ` constantly changing ' under the coalition .
` nick boles is hyperactive in that area - which is good in a way , ' mr williams said