the formation that louis van gaal started with against swansea -- three central defenders and two wing backs -- is a hard enough system for seasoned professionals to get right , let alone a group of youngsters , including a few making their debuts at old trafford .
i 've always felt it demands too much of the wing backs , who have to cover so much ground .
if their positioning is not spot on , then the central defenders have to react and cover the danger , but this can result in your team shape being dragged from side to side .
and that 's exactly what happened to united on saturday .
video scroll down to watch louis van gaal : our confidence will be smashed .
shock ?
ki -lrb- left -rrb- celebrates as swansea go 1-0 up against manchester united at old trafford .
mishaps : the build-up to swansea 's opener highlighted how united were dragged from side to side .
there were 29 passes in the swansea move for the first goal , but it should have been stopped sooner .
ashley young , playing as a wing back , dropped to full back , which meant he was marking nathan dyer -lrb- 1 -rrb- .
tyler blackett should have moved across to act as the full back , leaving young to deal with swansea right back angel rangel .
instead , darren fletcher and ander herrera were forced to press rangel -lrb- 2 -rrb- .
blackett got too tight to gylfi sigurdsson but chris smalling and phil jones needed to move across to cover .
they did n't and they left swansea acres of room to run into -lrb- 3 -rrb- .
jubilation : swansea players celebrate going ahead in the second-half in front of their travelling fans .
down : how united conceded their first goal against swansea on saturday at old trafford .
by the time the ball reached sigurdsson , the united midfield , who should have been protecting the defence , were nowhere to be seen .
with the defenders also out of position , ki sung-yueng was left free to fire home from the edge of the area .
three points : gylfi sigurdsson wheels away in celebration after scoring the match-winner .
out of position : manchester united were all over the place for swansea 's