the owner of a california arms store says a federal agency has raided his property in search of the names of customers who purchased gun parts , despite a temporary restraining order preventing it from doing so .
dimitrios karras , owner of ares armor in oceanside , says that the bureau of alcohol , tobacco , firearms and explosives -lrb- atf -rrb- agents have threatened to shut down his business unless he hands over a list of 5,000 customers who bought ar-15 lower receivers , the sale of which the atf says is illegal .
the receiver is the part of a firearm that houses the operating parts .
ares armor sold thousands of plastic 80 per cent receivers with colors marking where to drill , making it easier and cheaper to build an ar-15 assault rifle .
scroll down for video .
parts seller : dimitrios karras 's store ares armor has been selling illegal ar-15 lower receivers , according to the atf .
raid : karras says federal agents have searched his store already , despite a restraining order .
according to fox news , it is legal to build rifles from scratch without serial numbers , but only if the receiver is made to atf specifications , which the ones karras sold were not .
karras says he arranged for atf agents to pick up the illegal receivers wednesday morning , but baulked at turning over the names of his customers .
` they said either give us these 5,000 names or we are coming in and taking pretty much anything -- which is a huge , huge , huge privacy concern and something we are not willing to do , ' he told fox 40 .
fearful of a government raid on his store , karras took out a temporary restraining order , preventing atf agents entering the property .
` they were going to search all of our facilities and confiscate our computer and pretty much shut our business down , ' karras said .
` the government invades our privacy on a daily basis and everyone thinks its ok .
' ` this is one of those situations where hopefully the governmental institutions will come in say this is protected and no you 're not taking it from them .
' gun base : the lower receiver is essentially the frame of the