president barack obama kicked off the spring season on saturday with a weekend golf getaway in florida at the resort where he once caused a stir by playing with tiger woods .
during his stay at the floridian national golf club in palm city , less than 50 miles up the coast from palm beach , obama planned to be out of public view , with no official events scheduled .
first lady michelle obama and daughters malia and sasha are not on the trip .
local media reports the 53-year-old will tee off with former nba star alonzo mourning , former nfl star and sportscaster ahmad rashad and cyrus walker , a cousin of obama 's senior adviser , valerie jarrett , according towptv .
oh hey : president barack obama waves from air force one upon his arrival at st. lucie international airport in fort pierce in florida on saturday .
he is spending the weekend in palm city playing golf .
air force one : obama traveled to fort pierce , florida to stay at the floridian national golf club , where he will hit the links .
he is scheduled to return to washington on sunday .
welcome : the president barack is greeted on the tarmac by rep. patrick murphy , d-fla. , and fort pierce , mayor linda hudson , on saturday .
weekend away : first lady michelle obama and daughters malia and sasha were not on the trip .
vip luggage : an aide carries a golf bag to the motorcade of us president barack obama upon arrival at st. lucie international airport in fort pierce , florida .
in the zone : president barack obama sits in his limousine after his arrival at st. lucie county international airport in palm city on saturday .
two years ago , obama played 18 holes at the floridian with woods and practiced with woods ' former swing coach .
this time , the president 's partners were expected to be a few friends who are his frequent golf guests .
obama flew to the airport in fort pierce before making the short trip to palm city .
word of obama 's golf game with woods in 2013 came initially from a professional sports journalist who was on the course and tweeted about it , even though the white house had prohibited the traveling press