a mother whose face was hideously deformed by acid sprayed by her married lover appeared in court today and accused him of ` turning me into a monster ' .
speaking on the first day of richard remes 's trial for attempted murder in belgium , patricia lefranc said she was ` determined to look him in the eye and show the jury what he has done to me ' .
the 48-year-old , who underwent 86 operations following the attack , added : ' i hope to convince the court that he did indeed want to murder me .
' before and after : patricia lefranc was seriously disfigured in the attack allegedly carried out by her ex-lover .
richard remes insisted that he did n't realise the sulphuric acid would have such devastating consequences .
remes , 57 , is said to have planned the sulphuric acid attack after ms lefranc ended their relationship just over two years ago .
ms lefranc told brussels assizes that december 1 , 2009 was the day remes ` finally destroyed my life .
' she said he was waiting for her as she emerged from a lift in the brussels suburb of molenbeek-saint-jean .
he sprayed the sulphuric acid , once referred to as ` oil of vitriol ' by medieval european alchemists , all over her head and upper body , she told the court .
she said she was convinced she would die , but neighbours in a nearby building heard her screams and managed to get her to the burns unit of a nearby hospital , where she lay in a coma for three months .
ms lefranc said : ' i hope remes is convicted of attempted murder , and not just for assault and battery with torture .
he did not just want to hurt me , he wanted me out of the way .
i just hope that i get to tell the court what i experienced , and how it hurt .
trial : patricia lefranc -lrb- right -rrb- pictured arriving at a brussels court with lawyer daniel spreutels -lrb- left -rrb- for richard remes 's trial .
accused : richard remes -lrb- top -rrb- talks with his lawyers on the first day of his trial .
' i would also appeal to his wife .
she .
paints me as a manipulator who