a cancer patient has been told the ` wonder drug ' that doctors claim extended his life is too expensive for the nhs to fund .
kevin hughes , of canvey , essex , took part in clinical trials of abiraterone to treat his prostate cancer .
but the 58-year-old has been left devastated by a decision this week by the national institute for health and care excellence -lrb- nice -rrb- not to fund the drug for patients who , like him , have not undergone chemotherapy .
mr hughes was given three years to live after being diagnosed with advanced prostate cancer last april .
scroll down for video .
kevin hughes , pictured , has been left ` devastated ' after being told the ` wonder drug ' that has extended his life is too expensive for the nhs to fund .
after taking part in a clinical trial for the drug abiraterone before having chemotherapy , doctors now believe he will go on to live longer than expected .
the drug is currently available on the nhs to men who have already gone through chemotherapy .
but nice has ruled that the ` wonder ' medication is too expensive to give to men before they have undergone the much more gruelling cancer treatment .
mr hughes , of canvey , essex , said : ` under normal circumstances they give people abiraterone when they are in the very advanced stages and everything else has failed .
abiraterone , pictured , is currently available on the nhs to men who have already gone through chemotherapy .
` nice 's decision is a very bad one .
i can empirically show what the drug has done for me .
` it 's just wonderful .
before i got on it , people were calling it the wonder drug and i have to say it 's pretty special .
' mr hughes was being treated with zolodex hormone injections , which resulted in hot sweats and fatigue , and had radiotherapy before the start of the clinical trial .
he said : ' i had no symptoms , so when i was diagnosed , let 's say it was n't my best day .
' i walked around in a fog for a week and so did my wife .
but you get over it , readjust and get on