by .
graham poll .
follow @@ mail_gpoll .
click here to read sportsmail columnist and former arsenal defender martin keown 's experience of timewasting .
i did n't actually think chelsea wasted too much time .
as a professional team you do use up some , but there have been much clearer , embarrassing examples down the years .
the only advice i was given about this was when refereeing in europe .
the worst offenders were porto under you know who , and i was told that there is absolutely no point cautioning a player for timewasting .
why ?
because if you 've allowed it to last that long , to become that blatant , then it 's simply not worth it .
you 've not done your job properly in the first place .
video : scroll down to watch brendan rodgers on chelsea 's spoiling tactics .
tick tock !
jose mourinho tries to keep the ball from steven gerrard in an attempt to waste time .
euro trend : time-wasting is more prevalent in europe - where one of mourinho 's previous teams porto was especially guilty .
you officiate these situations on gut feeling and experience .
it 's down to you - these things are all about game management .
time-wasting .
is n't something that really sticks in the memory for me .
it is n't .
particularly bad in this country .
but like everything else it will begin .
to come in more and more .
we did n't used to dive as much , or go down at .
the slightest bit of contact .
there .
is a way to eradicate any threat of timewasting of course .
the solution .
is to have an independent timekeeper .
players are always bothering .
referees about the clock and additional time , but that would be taken .
away with someone sat up in the stands .
having .
30 minutes each half with the clock stopped when the ball is out of .
play is the way forward , but that 's far too sensible to ever be .
implemented .
clock watching : a way to put a stop to time-wasting would be to employ an independent timekeeper -lrb- not him -rrb- .
stop being so slow !
gerrard -lrb- second left -rrb- appears to appeal