by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
published : .
10:58 est , 4 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:31 est , 4 february 2013 .
rupert murdoch wined and dined three senior tory cabinet ministers and the mayor of london during two nights in london .
it emerged today that education secretary michael gove met the media mogul for a private dinner , also attended by foreign secretary william hague .
the night before mr murdoch had been joined by boris johnson , chancellor george osborne and homeland star damian lewis .
rupert murdoch held two dinners with senior conservatives last month , including with education secretary michael gove , it emerged today .
the revelations will raise fresh questions about the relationship between senior conservatives and the murdoch media empire .
publicly politicians have distanced themselves from media groups in the wake of the phone-hacking scandal .
the leveson inquiry into media ethics criticised how close politicians had got to senior media executives .
foreign secretary william hague attended the same dinner as mr gove .
` over the last 30-35 years and probably much longer , the political parties of uk national government and of uk official opposition , have had or developed too close a relationship with the press in a way which has not been in the public interest , ' the report said .
this included spending a ` disproportionate amount of time , attention and resource on this relationship ' often at the expense of other more important issues .
it found that there was no specific ` deal ' between david cameron 's conservative party and rupert murdoch news international empire .
but the prime minister is accused of undermining public confidence in politicians because there was a perception that he was too close to media executives .
on tuesday january 22 mr johnson and mr osborne met mr murdoch for a private dinner at the newspaper tycoon 's mayfair home .
old etonian lewis , who stars in the homeland series made by mr murdoch 's production company fox21 , was also there .
critics said mr johnson had to be more transparent about his meetings .
the following night the media mogul hosted another dinner , attended by mr gove , who used to be a columnist in the times which is owned by mr