hershey is looking at replacing the high-fructose corn syrup in some of its products with sugar .
will papa , chief research and development officer at the hershey co. , said the company uses a mix of sugar and high-fructose corn syrup in its products but that it is ` moving more toward sugar .
' ` we take into account what consumers want .
and consumers are telling us between the two , they prefer sugar , ' papa said .
under review : take 5 , paydays , almond joys and a york peppermint pattys are examples of hershey 's products that use corn syrup .
a switch to sugar would make hershey a high-profile example of the move away from high-fructose corn syrup in the food industry .
many people say they avoid it because it has gained a bad reputation for fueling weight gain and diabetes , though health experts says there 's not enough evidence to conclude it 's any worse than regular sugar .
in an emailed statement , hershey said its work on ` exploring ' the replacement of high-fructose corn syrup ` is just under way ' and that it did not have a timeframe on when it might be complete .
a representative for hershey , jeff beckman , cited almond joy , fifth avenue , take 5 and york as examples of products that use corn syrup .
he said classic hershey bars are made with sugar .
` our aim is to be transparent with our consumers about the ingredients we use in our products .
once we have more information to share , we will be back in touch , ' hershey said in its statement .
other products that have changed from high-fructose corn syrup to sugar include gatorade drinks and yoplait yogurt .
as for health , the american medical association has said there 's not enough evidence to specifically restrict the use of corn syrup .
the center for science in the public interest , which advocates for food safety , has also said that there 's no evidence that the sweetener is any worse nutritionally than sugar .
the corn refiners association , an industry group , has been pushing back at the negative perceptions about high-fructose corn syrup , which is generally cheaper than sugar .
in 2010 , the association submitted an