by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
16:32 est , 2 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:29 est , 2 october 2013 .
forgetful : fewer than half of the people in the survey could recall when princess diana died , even though it was only in 1997 .
the internet could be making us more forgetful , according to a study published yesterday , because it is so easy to ` google it ' the survey of 2,000 adults found fewer than half could name the year that princess diana died , even though it only happened in 1997 .
less than one third knew the year in which the berlin wall fell and just 50 per cent were aware of when man first walked on the moon .
remarkably , four in ten did n't know the year in which the terrorist attacks on the world trade center took place .
as many as 87 per cent of those who took part said a ` heavy reliance ' on the internet meant they made less of an effort to remember things ` because we can look them up ' .
the research , commissioned by grant 's whisky , examined the modern brit 's knowledge of famous historical events and the years in which they took place .
the study launches grant 's ` read all about it ' campaign which will offer purchasers of every special bottle , a free newspaper front page reprint from any date in history since 1903 .
unsurprisingly , the most common date known was the battle of hastings in 1066 , while the dates of the two world wars and england 's world cup win were also ingrained on the nation 's memory .
a spokesman for grant 's whisky said : ` certain dates are impressed upon us a lot at school and tend to stick but clearly the art for remembering dates fades and it seems we are now retaining less .
history : nine in 10 people could remember the battke of hastings was , 1066 .
` particularly in terms of recent events , for example people were four times more likely to know when the battle of hastings occurred than they were to know when the invasion of iraq took place .
` the internet is an incredible resource which enriches