by .
emily crane .
and sarah dean .
taxpayers could be forking out hundreds of millions of dollars a year so security agencies can properly monitor australian jihadists returning from conflicts in the middle east .
surveillance costs are expected to tip $ 8 million for just one jihadist as intelligence teams monitor the 150 or so australians who may return home having been suspected of fighting in countries like syria and iraq , the australian reports .
the high spending comes as police and surveillance agencies prepare for potentially the largest monitoring operation in australia to stop suspected fighters becoming home-grown terrorists .
scroll down for video .
mohamed elomar , who is believed to have left australia last year to fight in syria , is shown holding up the decapitated heads of two men .
khaled sharrouf , from sydney , is thought to be fighting with al-qaeda off-shoot islamic state of iraq and the levant .
the $ 8 million sum would reportedly cover eight-person surveillance teams working on five different rolling shifts for the entire year .
it also includes transport and high-tech surveillance equipment .
it comes as the federal government announced an additional $ 600 million in counter-terror funding this week for five different agencies , including the domestic spy agency asio and the australian federal police .
while security agencies will not reveal specific target numbers or spending figures , it is expected that some of the extra funding will be spent on this extra and expensive surveillance .
` the important thing here is to give us the tools that we need to ensure that people who are a serious threat to our country are appropriately dealt with , ' prime minister tony abbott said this week .
prime minister tony abbott announced an additional $ 600 million in counter-terror funding this week for five different agencies , including the domestic spy agency asio and the australian federal police .
the funding came as an australian jihadist posed with decapitated heads and supposedly gave advice on how people could access deadly explosives in sydney on twitter .
mohamed elomar , who is wanted by the australian federal police for his activities in the middle east , renewed his social media attack on his former home country on a new twitter account after his previous one was shut down last week .