anyone who knows roy hodgson will tell you that england 's head coach is a lovely guy .
charming fella , brilliant company , great stories .
frankly , that does n't make you the man to remain in the most prestigious football job in this country .
this is a resignation issue .
england are as good as out of a world cup after two group games .
it is a modern-day football scandal .
we thought that wretched 4-1 defeat against germany in bloemfontein four years ago was bad .
somehow , this was even worse .
this defeat , with luis suarez allowed to trample all over england 's defence , hurts more than any other because we could all see it coming .
video scroll down to watch sportsmail 's neil ashton and charles sale give their verdict .
time to learn : pele thinks roy hodgson can ` review what went wrong and come back stronger ' dejected : england were knocked out of the world cup in dismal fashion in a tough group d .
video hodgson needs italian miracle .
do n't allow anyone from the fa , the england team or the management to brainwash you in the coming days about this squad being in development and everything going according to plan .
poppycock .
next stop is russia and after that qatar , where fa chairman greg dyke has set the national team the target of winning the tournament .
not going to happen out there , greg .
how about we set out to win the tournament at hand with the country 's best players available playing in the best positions and worry about the big picture another time ?
wayne rooney told us that this was the best england team he has ever been involved with and we 're meant to keep a straight face .
consoled : england 's tormentor luis suarez talks to captain steven gerrard .
flashback : england 's 4-1 defeat by germany in 2010 was an all-time low at a world cup .
everybody knows that five-year plans , master plans and fa inquiries keep people who should n't be in high profile positions in high profile positions .
this effort really is shameful .
we have been looking forward to a world cup in brazil for an entire lifetime and the chances are