by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
08:18 est , 23 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:35 est , 23 may 2013 .
one of ` the great masterpieces of british art ' has been saved for the nation in a deal that will see it go on show across the country .
salisbury cathedral from the meadows by john constable has been bought for # 23.1 million in a deal arranged by the tate .
the deal , with the family of the late lord ashton of hyde , includes tax concessions that make it equivalent to an open market sale of # 40 million .
best of british : the tate have announced that they bought john constable 's salisbury cathedral from the meadows .
moving : the iconic painting is put in place at the tate britain today .
tate director nicholas serota said : ` salisbury cathedral from the meadows is one of the great masterpieces of british art .
' i am extremely grateful to the owners who have worked with us while we have raised the funds to ensure the painting remains in the uk .
' a grant of # 15.8 million from the heritage lottery fund was central to the sale of the landscape work .
the acquisition is part of a partnership .
between the tate and four other galleries - the national museum of .
wales , the national galleries of scotland , colchester and ipswich .
museums and the salisbury and south wiltshire museum .
new generation : a group of children admire the painting displayed at tate britain .
all four museums will have the chance to exhibit the work , ensuring that it stays in the uk .
jenny abramsky , who chairs the fund , .
said the ` substantial ' investment was a recognition of the painting 's .
status as a ` precious and quintessentially british heritage icon ' .
she said : ` it is unimaginable that this particular painting might have ended up anywhere other than a uk public collection ' .
the .
1831 painting , one of the artist 's large scale works known as .
` six-footers ' , shows the cathedral under a dark sky illuminated by a .
rainbow .
it is often .
interpreted as a metaphor for the pressure felt