half of all cancer cases are spotted at a late stage when treatment is less likely to be successful , experts have warned .
they calculate that more than 52,000 patients a year are having their odds of survival cut because the disease is not being caught quickly enough .
the shocking figure is based on huge variations in diagnosis around england , with some cancers almost five times as likely to be diagnosed late in some parts of the country as others .
lung cancer is the most likely to be spotted late -- with fewer than one in four cases caught early .
late diagnosis is blamed on factors from a ` stiff upper lip ' to gps under pressure not to refer patients for costly tests .
cancer research uk , which commissioned the analysis of nhs data , said that early diagnosis is ` crucial to give patients the best chance of survival ' .
delays in treatment can not only be deadly , but can also mean patients are subjected to much more aggressive treatments than would have been necessary earlier in the disease 's progress .
for instance , a woman with breast cancer might only have surgery if the tumour is spotted early .
but if the disease has spread , she may face rounds of gruelling chemotherapy and radiotherapy as well .
overall , 46 per cent of cancer in england are diagnosed at an advanced stage -- when they have spread to other parts of the body , making them harder to treat .
the figure rises to 77 per cent for lung cancer , britain 's biggest cancer killer .
when it is diagnosed early , seven in ten patients will live at least a year -- compared to around one in four when found late .
cancer research uk 's chief executive harpal kumar said : ` not to invest in earlier diagnosis is to fail cancer patients ' if every part of the country did as well as the best , the ` survival prospects ' of more than 52,000 patients a year would be improved , the incisive health report estimates .
this does not mean all would be cured -- some would simply live longer or be spared gruelling treatments .
but 5,000 more patients would be alive five years after diagnosis .
the added cost