australian vegetarians might be healthier than meat-eaters but they are unhappier .
australian vegetarians might be healthier than meat-eaters but they are unhappier and more prone to mental health disorders , new research suggests .
the alere wellness index shows vegetarians drink and smoke less and are more physically active than their carnivorous counterparts .
but they are also more likely to have depression and anxiety disorders , according to the index made up of scores for nutrition , fitness , smoking , alcohol , psychological wellbeing , body mass and medical conditions .
dr john lang , who developed the wellness index for preventive healthcare company alere , says the adoption of a vegetarian diet can sometimes follow the onset of mental disorders .
` so the diet is n't the cause but rather the symptom , ' he said .
` if you think of people that are committed to being a vegetarian it 's a fairly significant commitment and it picks up people at the fringe of the obsessive-compulsive spectrum .
' the study , which is based on 50,000 surveys a year conducted by roy morgan research , also shows vegetarians are less optimistic about the future , with 28 per cent more likely to suffer panic attacks and anxiety disorders .
they are also 18 per cent more likely to suffer from depression than the general population .
the alere wellness index shows vegetarians drink and smoke less and are more physically active than their carnivorous counterparts .
the study also shows vegetarians are less optimistic about the future , with 28 per cent more likely to suffer panic attacks and anxiety disorders .
in 2012 , a german study of more than 4000 vegetarians and meat-eaters linked vegetarianism with higher rates of depression and anxiety .
an analysis of the respective ages at adoption of a vegetarian diet and onset of a mental disorder showed that the adoption of the vegetarian diet tends to follow the onset of mental disorders , they concluded .
but the good news for vegetarians is that they have the highest nutrition scores - with 105.9 points compared to 100.7 points for meat-eaters .
vegetarian victoria president mark doneddu said he 's never felt happier since giving up meat .
` i 've been a vegetarian for about 22 years and vegan for the last 18 of those ,