a man giving doctors a demonstration on how 3d printers can assist surgery collapsed with a kidney stone - then made a model of his own organ to help his operation .
john cousins , who owns a 3d printing services company , was giving a talk on the medical uses of the technology at bournemouth hospital .
but during the demonstration in october last year he passed out in agony and was rushed to the facility 's own a&e department for scans .
after doctors removed his appendix that afternoon , they said mr cousins would need a further operation to extract a kidney stone .
john cousins used his firm 's 3d printing software to make a model of his own kidney before having surgery to remove a stone from it .
the model cut the operation time significantly and helped guide surgeons .
scans revealed the stone was big - 3.5 cm - and shaped like a stag 's head -lrb- left picture , left of centre -rrb- .
mr cousins was able to work from images taken by surgeons to make the model .
scans revealed the stone was big - 3.5 cm - and shaped like a stag 's head .
while waiting for the second operation , which was conducted on monday , mr cousins used his 3d printer technology to make a model of his kidney .
he said : ` while i was lying in the hospital bed i thought `` hang on , we could utilise the technology '' .
' i talked it all through with the surgeon and we decided we would try and create a model of my kidney .
' and surgeons at southampton general hospital did end up using the fake organ as a guide during the op .
medics say having the plastic kidney slashed an hour from his two-hour kidney stone removal operation on monday .
mr cousins , 46 , of southampton , hampshire , said : ` while giving the demonstration , i collapsed on the floor in excruciating pain .
they took me to the a&e and found i had appendicitis and a kidney stone .
` they operated to remove the appendix that afternoon and as i was recovering and talking to the consultant i thought , hang on , we could utilise the 3d technology here .
' he