by .
claire ellicott .
published : .
10:32 est , 10 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
02:06 est , 14 january 2014 .
three lapdancers dressed in ` miniskirts , stilettos and daisy duke shorts ' kidnapped a club boss , a court was told .
curtis woodman said he was outside his office when the women , their female manager and two men drove up in two bmws .
mr woodman said they ` surrounded him ' before bundling him into one of the cars and driving off .
the women claimed he owed them more than # 20,000 for working at his pop-up nightclub during the cheltenham festival in march 2012 .
curtis woodman told jurors lapdancers wearing ` miniskirts , and daisy duke shorts ' kidnapped him and he was forced to transfer money into the account of lapdancers ' manager , charlotte devaney -lrb- right -rrb- .
it is alleged that mr woodman was kidnapped , robbed of # 60 cash and his # 4,650 breitling watch , and assaulted during a two-hour ordeal .
he also claims he was forced to transfer # 4,800 into the bank account of the lapdancers ' manager , charlotte devaney , while in the vehicle .
mr woodman , from cheltenham , denied basing his claims on the guy ritchie gangster film revolver and said the incident on september 3 last year left him ` in fear of his life ' .
the women had been hired as hostesses for five days during the horse racing festival , and were promised 50 per cent of credit card payments , as well as all cash takings , bristol crown court heard .
accused : lapdancers mandy cool , left , rachel goodchild , right , stephanie pye , bottom left , and dj and manager charlotte devaney , bottom right , are accused of taking mr woodman hostage and robbing him .
the terms of licensing meant that .
stripping was prohibited on certain nights -- but the women still .
` insisted on taking their clothes off ' .
mr woodman claims they had signed contracts agreeing to wear ` bikinis .
and nipple tassels ' , but they ignored this , and forfeited their right to .
the money .
mr woodman told the court in the months afterwards he had received calls demanding