ched evans continues to divide sheffield united fans over whether the club should re-sign the striker , who was convicted of raping a 19-year-old in 2011 , following his release from jail this week .
fans chanted loudly in support of the 25-year-old , who continues to profess his innocence , as sheffield united beat bradford city 2-0 at valley parade in their first game since evans was released from wymott prison , near preston .
but tv presenter and women 's rights campaigner charlie webster urged the club not to re-sign evans , stating that she would quit her role as a sheffield united patron if he was given his job back .
video scroll down to watch sheffield united fans on re-signing ched evans .
charlie webster says she will quit her role as sheffield united patron if they re-sign ched evans .
sheffield united fans show their support for ched evans during saturday 's match at bradford city .
` this is my club that i was brought up in , watching games at the stadium since i was four years old , ' said webster .
` i also worked at the club as a patron for the foundation , which is about integrity and respect .
` my club is about community .
it has much more power than just football .
` it influences the next generation and i do n't believe it is sending out the right message to employ a convicted rapist .
` i wo n't stand here and represent that .
not in my name , not in my community and not in my club .
' sheffield united are deliberating bringing back the welsh striker following his release .
webster , who was sexually assaulted as a teenager , is a lifelong blades fan but stated that she would be deeply saddened if they recruited the wales striker again .
` he is a celebrity , ' she said , ` they 're cheering him on .
when i was four-years-old i cheered on a set of footballers , i was influenced by them and the people around them .
` what is the influence going to be for the next generation , cheering on a convicted rapist -- that he did n't do anything wrong ?
` as much as i love my football club -- which i