as a sequel of sorts to the diane sawyer 20/20 special , tv viewers will be able to follow bruce jenner 's journey as he transitions into a woman in his forthcoming eight-episode docu-series on e! starting july 27 .
but it is allegedly his sons burt , brandon and brody jenner and stepdaughter kim kardashian who are hesitant to hear and watch just how much their 65-year-old patriarch will reveal about gender change .
` they are warning him to slow down on revealing too much of his journey on reality tv , ' a source told tmz in a monday report .
scroll down for video .
follow-up : bruce jenner will chronicle his journey as he transitions into a woman in his forthcoming eight-episode docu-series on e! , a project that worries his kids according to tmz on monday .
there is no denying that bruce 's six biological children and four stepkids are ` proud ' of the father figure as some called him their ` hero ' on twitter shortly after the abc interview aired on friday .
and as the former olympic gold medalist moves forward with his long-awaited physical transformation , the spotlight and attention on him will be brighter than ever .
` kim and the boys think bruce was spectacular on the diane sawyer special and in won over millions of people in the process .
his kids have gone to their dad to express their concern , ' the insider told the gossip site .
` they say they 're worried bruce 's upcoming docu-series might `` de-class '' what he 's accomplished .
they also urged bruce not to do other interviews , and finish the process in private .
' the only kardashian : ` kim and the boys think bruce was spectacular on the diane sawyer special and in won over millions of people in the process , ' added a source .
jenner sons : ` they are warning him to slow down on revealing too much of his journey on reality tv , ' it was also shared .
brandon and his brothers : ` they urged bruce not to do other interviews , and finish the process in private , ' it was noted .
adding : ` bruce believes the docu-series will educate people and create empathy , so he 's committed .