by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
04:06 est , 20 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
04:07 est , 20 january 2014 .
popular : grüner veltliner is the most popular austrian wine , accounting for 36 per cent of the nation 's vineyards .
it is almost three decades since millions of bottles were tainted with engine coolant .
now , finally , the austrian wine industry appears to be off the rack - with a huge boost in popularity at waitrose .
the upmarket supermarket chain recorded a 53 per cent rise in sales last year compared to the year before , after a steep rise in the number of vineyards .
the times reported the number of large-scale vineyards in austria has increased from 1,000 five years ago to 1,600 in 2012 , with wine now worth more than # 115 million to the national economy .
the news comes 29 years after millions of bottles of austrian wine were tainted with diethylene glycol in one of the biggest food and drink scandals of the last century .
growers had added the sweet-tasting chemical , used to make antifreeze , in a desperate bid to make batches of cheap , unappealing wine more appetising .
west germany banned all austrian wine completely and several people were arrested and fined over the scandal .
in all , 36 million bottles were destroyed and had to be poured into the ovens of a cement plant as a cooling agent because they could not be emptied into the sewers .
the scandal almost destroyed the austrian wine market completely , with legitimate merchants unable to convince foreign buyers that their bottles would not be suspect .
a year later , the amount of austrian wine being exported had dropped by 90 per cent .
however , the strict laws brought in after the scandal gave growers the chance to abandon the ` pile high , sell cheap ' culture favoured before by many in austria .
boost : austrian wines have seen a leap in sales of 53 per cent year-on-year at waitrose .
waitrose wine buyer cat lomax told the times the quality of wine emerging from the country has transformed .
willi klinger , general manager of the austrian wine marketing board , told the newspaper demand from the uk was outstripping that