the discovery of the bodies of two women in an abandoned atlanta house have police there searching for a possible serial killer .
nicole startell 's remains were found ` badly decomposed ' and stuffed inside a closet .
police believe the 31-year-old was killed months ago .
heather camp 's body was discovered tucked under a sheet .
the 33-year-old had only been dead a few days when officers found her .
both slayings are believed to have taken place inside the home , which is reportedly used by squatters .
the killings have also been described as ` definitely connected ' by an atlanta police captain , the atlanta journal-constitution reported .
scroll down for video .
gruesome : the body of nicole sartell , pictured , was found in a home on madrona street in atlanta , georgia , december 19 .
also found was the body of 33-year-old heather camp .
authorities first found camp 's body hidden by a sheet in a bedroom - and sartell 's stashed in the bedroom closet as police executed a search warrant , wxia-tv reported .
sartell disappeared in august and the closet containing her body was nailed closed , according to wsb-tv .
both slain women were later identified by the medical examiner 's office , the atlanta journal-constitution reported .
a neighbor of sartell named charles freeman told wsb-tv last week ' i put out posters on her with a reward with anybody that knows her whereabouts and we never had heard anything .
' ' i wish i knew for sure if it was -lsb- sartell -rsb- because it would ease my heart , ' he also said at the time .
` she was like my daughter and i loved her very much .
' another neighbor , larry powers , told wsb-tv of the house ` unfortunately there 's a lot of wrong activity over there and the door wo n't lock .
it 's basically easy for people to come in and out .
' scene : capt. paul guerrucci has said that the murders took place inside the home .
investigation : authorities are seen at the madrona street home where the bodies of heather camp and nicole sartell were found .
at the time , capt. paul guerrucci with the atlanta police department told the affiliate station ` the body -lsb-