lily marie hartwell , 14 , is facing arson and attempted murder charges after police say she admitted to setting fire to her mom 's home .
a 14-year-old girl has been accused of setting fire to her home in port richie , florida , in the early hours of thursday morning while her mom and brother were sleeping inside .
the teenager , lily marie hartwell , had argued with her mom on wednesday evening over household chores and had been reading an ebook called soul eater about killing people , the pasco county sheriff 's office reported .
the teen 's mother and 9-year-old brother were able to escape the fire after being awoken by the smoke alarm at about 1.45 am .
the mother realized the girl was not with them and went back inside to find her , but was driven back by the heat , said sheriff chris nocco .
firefighters also went into the burning house three times to search for the girl before concluding she was not there , investigators said .
later , the girl sent her mother a text saying : ` mom , i 'm so sorry .
i do n't know why i did it .
did any of -lsb- you -rsb- get hurt ?
' according to the police report .
the girl has been taken into custody and charged with one count of arson and two counts of attempted murder , reports suncoastnews .
investigators say she has admitted to starting the fire by soaking a towel and bedsheet with bleach and rum then setting them alight in the garage .
the girl told investigators that she then walked to a nearby park bathroom and went to sleep , after packing a bag with clothes , bottled water , cookies , knives , lighters and flashlights .
the 14-year-old girl has been accused of setting fire to her home in port richie , florida , in the early hours of thursday morning while her mom and brother were sleeping inside .
the slender man is a prevalent internet myth that has been a viral sensation since it emerged online in 2009 and police have revealed that the girl had written about him in her journal marked ` keep out ' before lighting the blaze , nocco said , she changed out of her loose-fitting pajamas realizing they