by .
sara smyth .
published : .
12:59 est , 25 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:41 est , 26 august 2013 .
with neon fingers and bulging blood orange eyes , the red-eyed tree frog is hard to miss , even in the dense jungle of costa rica .
but this adventurous frog has made sure he stands out as he used his bulbous fingers and toes to grip onto a photographer 's camera , ipad and beer bottle .
in an unusual meeting of nature and technology , the curious tree frog , or agalychnis callidryas , struck a pose on top of wildlife photographer nicholas reusens ' canon camera .
adventurous : this bold red-eyed tree frog looks unfazed as he crawls onto wildlife photographer nicholas reusens ' camera .
walking into the 21st century : nature and technology meet in this remarkable image when the long-limbed frog walks on top of an ipad in the middle of the jungle .
the 37-year-old spanish photographer spotted the amphibian in the guanacaste province , costa rica .
he said : ` it 's always a joy to witness such amazing creatures of nature .
` each time i see them i feel like i need to go back to costa rica .
' i really miss the natural atmosphere one can feel there , a mix of peace and wilderness , something special that attracts me to go back to this land again and again .
' i thought it was amusing when the one frog hopped onto the camera .
' the tree frogs have red eyes with vertically narrowed pupils , vibrant green bodies with yellow and blue striped sides .
distinctive : it 's hard to believe this is one of nature 's most inconspicuous animals .
by tucking in their legs and closing their eyelids , the frog can blend into the surroundings .
say cheese : from climbing up a vine to posing on a more unusual prop - a beer bottle , the frog did n't shy away from the camera .
the vibrantly coloured frogs are found in costa rica as well as tropics in central america and northern south america .
they spend most of their time off the ground and living in the canopy and can be distinguished from other species by its well-developed discs