chelsea continued their 100 per cent record in the uefa youth league as jeremie boga 's first-half double eased them to victory over maribor .
boga struck after 13 minutes and again on the stroke of half-time as adi viveash 's team moved to the brink of qualification for the knockout round .
they had earlier beaten schalke 4-1 and sporting lisbon 5-0 to take command of group g and tuesday 's win over the slovenians further strengthened that position .
chelsea 's jeremie boga celebrates the first of his goals against maribor in the uefa youth league .
boga high-fives ruben loftus-cheek after doubling chelsea 's advantage at their cobham training ground .
chelsea : thompson , sammutt -lrb- wakefield 19 -rrb- , christensen , clarke-salter , aina , loftus-cheek , colkett , kiwomya , musonda -lrb- palmer 60 -rrb- , boga , brown -lrb- c -rrb- -lrb- ugbo 79 -rrb- .
substitutes not used : baxter -lrb- gk -rrb- , christie-davies , scott , mukhtar .
scorer : boga 13 , 45 .
maribor : prineg , straus , sostaric , uskokovic , marjanovic , rober , lorbek -lrb- c -rrb- , grmek -lrb- mulalic 90 -rrb- , volmajer -lrb- bjedov kobe 76 -rrb- , hajric -lrb- polanc 81 -rrb- , kramaric .
substitutes not used : moravac -lrb- gk -rrb- , flis , karic , babsek .
booked : rober , hajric .
referee : bryn markham-jones -lrb- wales -rrb- .
chelsea dominated from the off at their cobham training ground and took the lead when boga exchanged passes with captain isaiah brown before firing home with aplomb .
charlie colkett then had a chance to double the lead on chelsea 's next attack but scuffed his shot wide from six yards out .
charlie wakefield , who had replaced the injured ruben sammut early on , then forced maribor goalkeeper damjan prineg into a save with brown unable to get to the rebound .
a free-kick from colkett and an effort from charly musonda forced prineg into evasive action as chelsea pressed hard for a second goal .
it duly arrived on the cusp of half-time and in stylish fashion .
brown back-heeled to boga , who took a touch to set himself and then powered the ball home from outside the box .
boga could have claimed a hat-trick in the second-half but fired over