billy jones knows sunderland have blown the chance to put serious distance between them and the bottom three .
the black cats drew 0-0 at aston villa on sunday despite the hosts playing most of the second half with 10 men .
fabian delph was sent off but gus poyet 's side could not break them down , 48 hours after losing 3-1 to hull .
sunderland 's billy jones , seen here competing with ron vlaar -lrb- left -rrb- and fabian delph -lrb- right -rrb- , knows his team passed up a golden opportunity to put daylight between themselves and the premier league bottom three .
sunderland could only draw with aston villa on sunday despite playing against 10 men in the second half .
sunderland only have a four-point cushion to the premier league relegation zone .
they are 14th in the barclays premier league , four points above the drop zone , and jones knows they have missed an opportunity after their 1-0 derby win at newcastle .
` it could easily have been two wins , and that would have made it three wins on the bounce after newcastle , ' said jones , ahead of the new year 's day trip to manchester city .
` when villa went down to 10 men , we saw how we need to improve in the final third - create more chances and take more chances .
` at times , we looked a bit vulnerable because we were so gung ho .
` but we feel it 's two points lost .
the gaffer knows how disappointed we are as a collective .
villa 's fabian delph was sent off by referee martin atkinson but sunderland failed to take advantage .
sunderland manager gus poyet would also have been frustrated with the two points dropped at villa .
' i do n't think he felt the need to rant and rave afterwards .
it was just a general discussion .
' jones played against hull and villa after overcoming hamstring problems and feels the two games prove his injury woes are over .
` every time it happens , and unfortunately for me it 's happened a few times over the last year , there 's always a big inquest , ' the 27-year-old told the sunderland echo .
` you have a chat about it and