the bbc has been savaged for its ` astonishing ' campaign survey on global warming .
the bbc has spent hundreds of thousands of pounds of taxpayers ' money asking 33,000 people in asian countries how climate change is affecting them .
the # 519,000 campaigning survey by little-known bbc media action is designed to persuade the world to adopt more hard-line policies to combat global warming .
it was immediately condemned yesterday as a flagrant abuse of the corporation 's rules on impartiality and ` a spectacular waste of money ' by a top academic expert .
every year , bbc media action gets .
# 22.2 million from the taxpayer via the foreign office and department .
for international development .
its climate survey , published this month , is called from the ground up : changing the conversation on climate change .
in it , farmers and villagers in india , china , vietnam , nepal , pakistan and indonesia were asked how climate change was ` affecting their lives already ' and about their future concerns .
they described less predictable rainfall , droughts , declining harvests and an increase in respiratory disease caused by dustier soil , and blamed them on global warming .
the survey does not clarify whether these descriptions are supported by data , nor whether climate change is indeed the cause .
it also includes graphs showing a steep rise in global temperatures -- but they end abruptly in 2000 , when temperatures stopped rising at all .
the report ends with advice , apparently written for climate activists : ` do not talk about scientific or technical abstractions .
talk about the problems they face in their daily lives ... speak in language that makes sense to people in terms of how they experience climate change .
' bbc media action has a # 40 million annual budget , and the proportion not funded by the taxpayer is paid by the european union , the bill & melinda gates foundation , and the us government .
its website states it ` belongs to the bbc ' , and ` builds on the fundamental values of the bbc to guide its work ' .
its chairman is peter horrocks , director of the bbc world service group .
trustees include newsreader george alagiah .
john whittingdale , chairman of the commons