by .
john drayton .
brazil manager luiz felipe scolari should keep his job because of the good work he did during his 19 months in charge , the president-elect of the brazilian football confederation has argued -lrb- cbf -rrb- .
the selecao were humiliated 7-1 in the world cup semi-final by germany to be eliminated from a tournament hosted in their own country but scolari should not be sacked according to marco polo del nero .
` to me , he stays , ' del nero told the estado de sao paulo newspaper .
right man for the job ?
brazil football confederation 's president-elect thinks manager luiz felipe scolari is still the right man for the job despite the humiliating 7-1 semi-final loss to germany in their home world cup .
opposites : brazil 's defenders look dejected as germany celebrate their fourth goal in belo horizonte .
nightmare : andre schurrle scores germany 's seventh goal as davis luiz looks on .
` what happened was a tactical error .
that was the problem .
but we all make mistakes .
it can happen to anyone .
` the important thing is that he did a good job .
the campaign and the preparations were good .
a base exists .
' it was the first time del nero or jose maria marin , the man he will replace as head of the cbf next april , have spoken about the historic defeat .
scolari , who led brazil to their fifth world cup title in 2002 , has not revealed his long term plans .
he will lead brazil in saturday 's third place play-off match against holland .
the former chelsea and portugal manager has lost just three times in 28 matches since taking over in november 2012 .
however , many fans called for his head after brazil 's heaviest ever world cup defeat against germany .
humiliation : brazil 's 7-1 semi-final loss to germany was their heaviest ever world cup defeat .
crestfallen : scolari was gesturing to himself on the touchline as brazil conceded five first-half goals .
nightmare : some brazil fans have called for scolari to be sacked following the semi-final humiliation .