by .
carol driver .
laura skywalker matthews added the jedi middle name by deed poll in 2008 ¿ for a laugh ¿ .
a star wars fan missed out on her summer holiday after she was refused a passport because she changed her name to skywalker .
laura skywalker matthews added the jedi middle name by deed poll in 2008 ` for a laugh ' after joking with friends about her love of lead character luke skywalker .
but the joke backfired when officials took eight weeks to refuse her passport application - meaning miss matthews missed out on a summer break to amsterdam .
the 29-year-old was told by passport officials that her new signature l skywalker infringed on a trademark - despite it previously having been accepted for her driving licence .
she said : ` it 's absolutely ridiculous .
they told me the issue was with my signature because l skywalker is trademark .
` i have the same signature on my driving licence , bank cards and everything else .
` how can everybody else be happy with that signature , apart from the passport office ?
` luke skywalker is a trademark but not my signature `` l skywalker '' .
` it 's been extremely stressful trying to sort all this out and i 've now missed my trip to amsterdam .
` the whole application process has been an utter shambles from start to finish .
` i never knew a little joke between friends was going to cause this many problems .
' miss matthews sent off for a new passport in may ahead of a pre-planned trip to amsterdam on july 16 .
but despite numerous calls to follow up the application , she was only told this week that her application had been refused .
scroll down for video .
` really stressful ' : confirmation of laura 's name change , which the passport office has said breaches trademark restrictions .
the home claims adviser , who lives with her partner darren stewart , 30 , at their home in southend , essex , said : ` i changed my name by deed poll back in 2008 .
` i really like star wars and me and a friend were joking about what silly name we would have if we could choose one .
` i just