click here to see harry redknapp 's team from the seventies .
where are gazza 's friends now he needs help ?
i drove kenny dalglish to west ham training .
for 50 years , harry redknapp has been one of football 's most colourful and outspoken characters .
now he 's written a book every fan will want to read .
in redknapp 's new book ' a man walks on to a pitch ' - serialised exclusively by sportsmail this week - the qpr manager picks his team of the eighties .
sportsmail can exclusively reveal harry redknapp 's greatest team from the eighties .
alan hansen : latter day bobby moore .
never rushed , always cool , laid back .
in the 1978 -- 79 season , liverpool conceded just 16 goals in 42 matches and kept 28 clean sheets .
hansen reminded me of bobby moore .
i never saw bob throw himself into a diving header or make a lunging tackle because he 'd seen the danger ages earlier and was in the right place .
hansen was the same .
alan hansen was an integral part of the liverpool team which enjoyed so much success during the eighties .
hansen , pictured with -lrb- left to right -rrb- ronnie rosenthal , ian rush , ronnie whelan and john barnes , celebrates winning the first division title in 1990 .
hansen 's defensive play , seemingly always in the right place , reminded redknapp of bobby moore .
paul mcgrath : lived life to the full !
ron atkinson rated him as better than john terry and tony adams -- put together .
he was a great player , but we probably never saw how good he could have been because of the way he lived his life .
what a player he was , but what a player he could have been .
he was a big lad ; strong , quick , powerful .
paul mcgrath made over 150 appearances for manchester united during the eighties and was described by redknapp as ` strong , quick and powerful ' former man united boss ron atkinson rated mcgrath better than john terry and tony adams - put together .
giggs would have solved england 's problems ... he was born to play left wing .
wenger heralded a change in english football ...