damning report : lieutenant colonel daniel davis said he ` witnessed the absence of success on virtually every level ' a us army officer has accused the american military of painting a misleading picture of progress in the war in afghanistan .
lieutenant colonel daniel davis turned whistleblower and broke ranks with the official portrayal of the afghan war after he ` witnessed the absence of success on virtually every level .
' ` how many more men must die in support of a mission that is not succeeding ?
' colonel davis asked in an article titled ` truth , lies and afghanistan : how military leaders have let us down .
' ` no one expects our leaders to always have a successful plan , ' he said in the article .
` but we do expect -- and the men who do the living , fighting and dying deserve -- to have our leaders tell us the truth about what 's going on .
in the piece published online in the armed forces journal , which colonel davis admitted may cost him his career , he says he believes it is his duty to speak out because he has access to classified material which prove a disparity between what has happened and what the public is told .
rising death toll : the body of army brig. gen.terence j. hildner was returned to dover air force base , del yesterday .
` how many more men must die in support of a mission that is not succeeding ?
' colonel davis asked in his article .
he said that if americans were able to compare ` the public statements many of our .
leaders have made with classified data , this credibility gulf would be .
immediately observable .
' in the online article discussing u.s. progress in the afghan war , colonel davis made several damning assertions : .
` what i saw bore no resemblance to rosy official statements by u.s. military leaders about conditions on the ground .
' ' i witnessed the absence of success on virtually every level .
' ` in all of the places i visited , the tactical situation was bad to abysmal .
' ` how many more men must die in support of a mission that is not succeeding and behind an array of more than seven