kicking back and relaxing with his arms outstretched , this chilled-out frog appears to be loving life as he takes some time out on a water lily leaf .
the little frog is pictured happily perched with his legs stretched out in front of him and enjoying a bit of ` me ' time .
the pictures were taken by photographer angela nelson , 45 , in her home town of bristol .
this chilled-out frog was pictured relaxing with his arms outstretched , as he took some time out on a water lily leaf .
she said : ' i found the frog sitting in this unusual position a few times ; i took photographs as i had never seen a frog sit like this in ten years of keeping them as pets .
' i was alarmed initially - this kind of behaviour is something i had never encountered before .
` but after closely observing it , i watched it go about its usual daily activities without any problems , so assumed it was just something this lazy frog might do occasionally .
' the theloderma corticale is known to live in subtropical or tropical lowland forests , and can be found in countries such as northern vietnam or china .
its nickname , the ` mossy frog ' , comes from the fact its skin is mottled green and brown , which creates an effective camouflage when it is sat on rocks .
angela said : ' i am lucky enough to have a partner who owns three reptile shops , which provides me with endless opportunities to photograph a large array of species .
the frog was pictured by photographer angela nelson , who said she had never seen one sitting like this in ten years of keeping them as pets .
` i 've had ten years of experience with reptiles and frogs and always study an animal before photographing it , as it 's vital to know each species different behaviour in order to ensure i can prevent stress .
` some animals i only keep out for 10 minutes or so , whilst others are content to do their thing for 30 minutes or so .
' i am passionate about reptiles and frogs and i have gone to great lengths over the years to educate people about the care of these