by .
ellie zolfagharifard .
published : .
05:51 est , 27 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
09:58 est , 27 january 2014 .
it might seem like blue-sky thinking , but this concept for a highrise farm may just make the utopian vision of sustainable cities a reality .
belgian architect vincent callebaut has designed a 132-floor ` urban farm ' which he claim is the answer to a healthier future for the estimated six billion people who will live in cities by 2050 .
imagine , he says , stepping out of your highrise apartment into a sunny , plant-lined corridor , biting into an apple grown in the orchard on the fourth floor .
the vertical farm is shaped like the wings of a dragonfly and the design of belgian architect vincent callebaut .
he believes it is the answer to a healthier future for the six billion people who will live in cities by 2050 .
you take the lift to your office , passing the rice paddy and one of the many gardens housed in the glass edifice that not only heats and cools itself , but also captures rainwater and recirculates domestic waste as plant food .
this , claims mr callebaut , is the city of the future .
he envisions a self-sufficient ` living organism ' of avant-garde buildings which some critics have dismissed as daft or a blight on the landscape .
` we need to invent new ways of living in the future , ' the 36-year-old designer told afp at the paris studio where he plies his trade .
` the city of tomorrow will be dense , green and connected .
the goal is to bring agriculture and nature back into the urban core so that by 2050 ... we have green , sustainable cities where humans live in balance with their environment .
' belgian architect vincent callebaut -lrb- pictured -rrb- claims his ideas were initially met with criticism .
` they made fun of me , ' he said .
` they said i created a piece of science fiction ' the structure includes areas for meat , dairy and egg production , orchards , meadows and rice fields along with offices and flats , gardens and public recreation spaces .
it is estimated that food production will have to increase by 70