by .
associated press reporter .
and daily mail reporters .
a man who has been arrested on suspicion of killing two young brothers and one sibling 's fiancee has a previous criminal record .
the san diego union-tribune reported sunday that 29-year-old carlo gallopa mercado was arrested on gun charges in april but later released .
mercado was arrested late friday in mira mesa and booked on suspicion of killing salvadore belvedere and ilona flint , both 22 , in the early hours of christmas eve last year outside westfield mission valley mall in san diego .
belvedere 's 24-year-old brother , gianni , was found dead in a car trunk about 3 1/2 weeks later and some 90 miles north in riverside .
victims : gianni belvedere , 24 , ilona flint , 22 , and salvatore belvedere , 22 , were murdered in california last year .
an arrest has now been made in connection to the triple homicide .
killed : brothers gianni belevedere -lrb- left -rrb- and salvatore belvedere -lrb- right -rrb- were victims of homicide late last year .
an arrest has now been made in their murder case .
dead : gianni belvedere 's body -lrb- left -rrb- was foun in the trunk of his car .
he had not been seen since the murder of his fiancee , ilona flint -lrb- center -rrb- and his .
younger brother , salvatore belvedere .
they were found shot dead in a san .
diego mall parking lot on christmas eve 2013 .
police have scheduled a monday news conference to discuss the arrest .
gallopa mercado is scheduled to be arraigned wednesday .
the connection between mercado and the triple homicide is not yet known .
at the time of the murders , san diego police were baffled by the crime , having no motive and no suspects .
the mystery began on christmas eve at westfield mission valley mall .
macy 's had extended their shopping hours until 2am for christmas shoppers .
flint , who worked at a small shop in the mall , called 911 about 1:15 a.m. and said she had been shot .
she said she did not know where she was but was somewhere near the mall .
police found her and salvatore belvedere in a black sedan between macy 's and a christmas tree lot .
the