arsenal manager arsene wenger insists the fa cup holders will not underestimate the potential of being on the end of an upset at brighton on sunday .
the gunners head to the amex stadium on the back of an impressive 2-0 win at manchester city last weekend , which moved them closer to the barclays premier league top four .
wenger , though , will be taking nothing for granted against the seagulls , who have regrouped under new manager chris hughton and defeated sky bet championship promotion-chasers ipswich 3-2 on wednesday night with two goals from on-loan liverpool forward joao teixeira .
olivier giroud -lrb- top -rrb- and alexis sanchez have a play wrestle during arsenal training .
top scorer sanchez was in high spirits as he larked about with mesut ozil -lrb- left -rrb- and giroud .
germany international ozil -lrb- right -rrb- , with youngster dan crowley , is expected to start against brighton .
arsenal manager arsene wenger has vowed that the gunners will be taking the fa clash seriously .
santi cazorla and hector bellerin -lrb- right -rrb- were all smiles during a sunny day 's training .
` we have to study them well , ' wenger said .
` in the cup , you have to be ready from the start and people like that can always surprise you if you are not ready .
' arsenal came through a fourth-round tie at brighton in january 2013 with a late winner from theo walcott , but not before being pushed by gus poyet 's well-organised team who were at the time themselves pressing for the championship play-offs .
` it is always difficult in the championship away from home , ' said the gunners boss .
` we remember brighton from a couple of years ago , it was a very difficult game against a team who were on the way up - they were fighting at the top level with gus poyet .
` we needed to dig deep to get out with a positive result .
' england international theo walcott is set for a return after recovering from a long-term injury .
keeper wojciech szczesny could also make a return after losing his place recently .
in form cazorla , pictured training with aaron ramsey , could be rested for the game .
ozil stretches out a boot as cazorla