by .
mike jaccarino .
published : .
17:57 est , 1 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
22:06 est , 1 september 2012 .
id documents could soon be a thing of the past as google is set to allow smartphone owners to use an app instead of traditional methods .
as paperless methods of payment become increasingly popular , the digital revolution is also set to extend to driver 's licences and other forms of identification , according to executives from the web giant .
the news raises the prospect of people ditching their traditional wallets entirely - and being able to flash a phone when asked for id by a police officer .
futuristic : the mountain view , calif. company will - in short order - permit users of its google wallet ` app ' to store driver 's licenses - and other forms of i.d. - on their cell phones .
the wall street journal 's marketwatch website is reporting the digital titan will soon permit users of its futuristic e-wallet app to store driver 's licenses - and other forms of id - on their cell phones .
theoretically , digital id users could then download virtual boarding passes at an airport , check in for a flight , or provide id to a police officer who has pulled you over for speeding .
` we want you to be able to leave your leather wallet at home , ' robin dua , google wallet 's head of product management , reportedly told a web conference this week .
there is no word yet on when the internet search company will roll out the aforementioned new google wallet features .
e-wallet users will be able to download virtual airport boarding passes , check in for a flight , or - theoretically in the future - provide i.d. to a police officer who has pulled you over for speeding .
marketwatch reports the company best known for its search portal declined comment on when it would be upgrading the already-available app , or how many people have thus far downloaded it from its website .
a google representative was not immediately available for comment on saturday .
google wallet already allows tech-savvy users to store on their smart phone mastercard , visa , discovery and american express credit cards and then pay for