by .
toni jones .
as paris fashion week rolls on the major trends of the last month 's global catwalk are already being dissected by the world 's editors and style elite , and orders for the must-haves of next season are being placed by the fanciest fashion stores .
despite being only a small part of a finished outfit , accessories are key in these thriftier times as consumers clamour to own a piece of their favourite label without the hefty price tag .
on tuesday stella mccartney showed off space-age sunglasses and skin-coloured heels at her show in the palais garnier , today cara delevingne showcased luxury backpacks and wonder wigs at chanel , but it is belts all over the catwalks of new york , london , milan and paris that have caught the eye of the trend-forecasters .
for spring/summer 2014 designers including dolce & gabbana , burberry and pucci have all brought back the statement belt .
the message is the bigger the better and huge buckles and extra hardware have added a tougher feeling to an otherwise feminine style .
belts were a key look for the women of the 1940s and 1950s who defined tiny waists with full skirts and tight belts and for many design houses , specifically christian dior , it became a signature style .
today we look at the trend from the current collections and possible inspiration from the archives .
carolina herrara in new york : prim checks meets plastic fantastic .
balmain in paris : touches of 80s excess .
michael kors in new york : colours and fabrics nod to nature .
dolce & gabbana in milan : roman style rules the catwalk .
burberry in london : pretty embellishment adds interest .
lanvin in paris : a rigid robo effect in gunmetal grey .
1970s : a parisian model wears a tailored christian dior suit complete with a snakeskin belt .
1996 : a young carla bruni wears a metallic belt as she walks for chanel in paris .
1960s : this demure women matches her belt to her full-skirted diy prom style dress .
the waist rules : a 1950s model -lrb- l -rrb- wears a tapered dress with a wide sash belt and italian actress sophia loren -lrb- r -rrb- reclines on a lounger in a cherry red belt circa 1960 .