a benefits cheat who claimed he could barely walk while starring for his pub football team has avoided jail .
raymond billam illegally pocketed # 15,000 of taxpayers ' money after he said he was severely disabled due to back and knee problems .
but fraud investigators secretly filmed the 40-year-old midfielder taking to the pitch for a sunday league team after being tipped-off about his fraudulent claims .
the grandfather-of-four admitted benefit fraud and was sentenced to 26-weeks in prison suspended for two years .
cheat : raymond billam , 40 , claimed he was unable to walk more than a few metres , but was filmed running and jumping as he took to the pitch for his pub football team .
shaven headed billam claimed he was unable to walk more than 20 metres without falling and needed crutches to get around .
but between september 2008 and april 2014 he pulled on the green and black shirt of ingsfield lane football club and two other teams in the mexborough and district sunday league .
in total billam of bolton-on-dearne , south yorkshire , played over 87 games while dishonestly claiming incapacity benefit , barnsley magistrates court was told .
julie grant , prosecuting , said : ` over three consecutive sundays he was playing football , running , jumping and participating fully showing no signs of discomfort .
' his appearances and goals were even posted on the internet , magistrates ' heard .
` clearly this is not consistent with somebody unable to walk without aids , ' the prosecutor added .
when billam was arrested he said he had ` good days and bad days ' and he was so well-known in the league that others could have been playing under his name .
but he could not provide investigators with a list of names .
billam admitted defrauding the department of work and pensions by pocketing # 15,066 through dishonestly failing to notify a change in circumstances which affected his disability living allowance .
chris peace , defending , said billam , who has four grandchildren , had worked as a contractor for yorkshire water for 16 years until he suffered a serious back injury in 2006 which needed surgery .
he initially made a legitimate claim and went from 13 to 18 and a half stones and had problems with drinking and gambling