a female adventurer has spoken out about sexism after she was turned down for a bbc show because of her gender .
sophie radcliffe , who has cycled from london to paris in 24 hours , participated in iron man and completed the three peak cycle challenge , applied for a new show , world 's toughest army , but was rejected based on her sex .
sophie , originally from windsor and now living in chamonix , applied for the show , which specifies it is looking for the ` toughest men in the country to tackle some of the hardest military courses in the world ' .
however , according to the telegraph , she received a reply explaining that in keeping with the selection criteria of the special forces , only men could apply .
sophie radcliffe applied for bbc 's new show , world 's toughest army , but was rejected based on her sex .
the letter explained : ` the idea is we want to keep it as `` real '' as possible and in the special forces we are featuring , women are not currently eligible unfortunately .
' on bbc 's website , the show 's blurb reads : ` over days of intense physical and mental endurance , our candidates will attempt a uniquely constructed programme based on real techniques used by special forces from around the world .
` bodies and brains will be stretched to the limit as staff sergeants from around the world push our hopefuls to the maximum of their capacity ... and beyond .
' sophie , who wants to inspire women to believe in themselves the way she does , told the paper how disappointed she was by the incident .
her rejection letter explained : ` the idea is we want to keep it as `` real '' as possible and in the special forces we are featuring , women are not currently eligible unfortunately ' sophie has cycled from london to paris in 24 hours , participated in iron man and completed the three peak cycle challenge .
` tv programmes like this , make all our hard work to encourage women seem like a waste of time , ' she said .
` everybody knows men are strong .
everybody knows men can join the army .
i feel women are going