by .
peter allen .
published : .
08:15 est , 30 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
19:39 est , 30 november 2012 .
dominique strauss-kahn is to get a loan of almost # 2million from his estranged wife to help pay off the new york hotel maid he was accused of sexually assualting .
an out-of-court deal has reportedly been agreed between the former head of the international monetary fund and nafissatou diallo , 33 .
it is expected the agreement will see her dropping a civil lawsuit she pursued against him after a criminal prosecution collapsed last year .
loan : .
with no income or savings , strauss-kahn will have to ask .
multi-millionaire heiress anne sinclair , his 64-year-old wife who left .
him in the summer , for half of the money .
accuser : nafissatou diallo maintained her claims the she was the victim of a ` violent , sadistic attack , ' despite criminal charges being dropped .
the french newspaper le monde reported yesterday that the pair would meet a judge in new york next friday to sign the deal .
` the discussions have been giong on for weeks , months , ' said michele saban , a friend of strauss-kahn , 63 , who saw him recently .
` the agreement should be confirmed at the start of next week .
we are moving towards the end of a tragedy .
' le monde revealed yesterday that the .
man once tipped as a future president of france has turned to his .
ex-wife , anne sinclair , to help him fund the settlement .
stauss-kahn has travelled to new york .
from his home in paris on a number of occasions in the past month to .
broker the deal with miss diallo 's representatives aimed at making her .
` quietly ' drop her case say friends .
` according to his confidants , he must .
give $ 6million -lrb- # .7 million -rrb- to the woman who has accused him of sexual .
assault , ' le monde reported .
` according to friends , he has confided that .
he personally does not have this sum .
` he has therefore told his family that he will be getting a bank loan of $ 3million -lrb- # 1.8 million -rrb- .
`