by .
snejana farberov for mail online .
and associated press .
russia 's food safety watchdog will conduct checks on mcdonald 's restaurants in the urals region in response to complaints , a day after four branches of the chain were shuttered in moscow .
natalya lukyantseva , an official in the sverdlovsk regional office of the agency , told ria novosti and interfax that unplanned checks were being carried out in a number of restaurants after residents voiced safety concerns .
the inspections come one day after the agency , known in russia as rospotrebnadzor , ordered four moscow-based restaurants to suspend operations , citing ` numerous ' sanitary law violations .
scroll down for video .
shuttered : in this photo taken on wednesday , august 20 , 2014 , one of closed moscow 's mcdonald 's outlets in downtown moscow w .
lights out : a man looks through the glass door at the entrance of a closed branch of mcdonald 's in moscow .
allegations : russian officials are alleging that the us fast food chain had violated sanitary rules .
one of those restaurants , on moscow 's central pushkin square , was the first to open in the soviet union in 1990 , drawing crowds of thousands that circled around the block .
the restaurant became a symbol of domestic reform and openness with the west , and today it is one of the company 's most visited venues in russia .
the shutdown comes in the wake of rising tensions between russia and the west .
after the u.s. and the european union slapped sanctions on a range of russian banks and crucial industries last month in reaction to vladimir putin 's annexation of crimea , russia responded with a wide-ranging ban on food products imported from those regions .
mcdonald 's could not be immediately reached for comment about the checks in the sverdlovsk region , but a statement posted on the russian version of its website wednesday said the company was doing ` all it can for a speedy opening ' of the four moscow restaurants .
on wednesday evening , the lights were off inside the popular pushkin square mcdonald 's restaurant - which is usually crammed with diners - and a sign on the door said it was shut ` for technical reasons .
' it was hugely