a review of the evidence used to convict abdelbaset ali al-megrahi of the 1988 lockerbie bombing has confirmed beyond doubt he was responsible for the killings , it has been claimed .
sources close to the review , carried out by the crown office and police scotland , have said there is ` not a shred of evidence ' to support suggestions he was wrongly convicted .
the libyan intelligence officer was convicted in 2001 for killing 270 people in the bombing of pan am flight 103 , but more than two decades on , there are lingering suspicions he was a scapegoat used to cover up the involvement of other middle eastern countries .
scroll down for video .
convicted lockerbie bomber abdelbaset ali al-megrahi pictured in bed in 2011 as he was dying of cancer .
here megrahi is pictured being escorted by security officers through tripoli in 1992 .
a new review of the case against him has found there is not a ` shred of evidence ' to support conspiracy claims .
it 's also been claimed his imprisonment was a price worth paying by libya for the lifting of crippling sanctions , imposed for several years after megrahi was identified in scotland and the us as the likely bomber .
however , sources close to the recent review have told the times that pursuit of the case in libya only confirmed the evidence against megrahi - and even further implicated lamin fhimah , who was originally accused but acquitted .
police claim any planting of evidence to frame megrahi would needed to have been done within a very short space of time and furthermore , it would require knowledge of all the evidence in the case still to come , the paper reported .
megrahi died two years ago after being controversially released from a scottish jail in 2009 on compassionate grounds because he had terminal prostate cancer .
his release , based on the understanding he had only three months to live , caused outrage in the u.s. , which lost 189 citizens in the terrorist attack .
relatives in the us said they remained convinced that megrahi had been freed to appease the libyan government , smoothing the way for a string of lucrative deals .
all 243 passengers and 16 crew members were killed , as were eleven residents in lockerbie when