disturbing footage has been released of a schoolyard brawl involving junior students at a school in sydney 's west last tuesday .
students from glenmore park high school , in penrith , nsw , became involved in a vicious fight erupting during the school day in which students were pushed to the ground and physically assaulted .
the brawl allegedly started when two year nine students began arguing verbally and drew more students in when onlookers pushed those standing near the fight .
scroll down for video .
students from glenmore park high school , in penrith , nsw , became involved in a vicious fight last tuesday .
students from the school were pushed to the ground and physically assaulted .
the brawl allegedly started when two year nine students began arguing verbally .
` all older boys were pushing all random girls into it and that 's how it got bigger and bigger , ' a student from glenmore park high told 9news .
the footage shows students screaming , punching one another and pulling hair .
one girl is in the middle of the brawling group , and appears to fall to the ground under the attack .
' -lsb- they were -rsb- punching her in the face and pulling her hair , there was so much screaming it was getting so wild , ' another student told 9news .
' i could n't move i was getting pushed around because of how many people were in the fight .
' while the argument originated between two junior students , senior students allegedly involved themselves , including students from year 11 .
the footage shows students screaming , punching one another and pulling hair .
one girl is in the middle of the brawling group , and appears to fall to the ground under the attack .
the footage shows a male yelling ` girls , get out of here ' as the brawl continues to escalate .
a teacher attempted to break up the brawl , and it is understood that police were called to attend the scene .
first aid was administered to several students , but there were no serious injuries sustained by those involved .
nsw education minister adrian picalee confirmed that five students had been suspended as a result of the incident .
there will be ongoing mediation between the students involved