by .
bianca london .
published : .
12:19 est , 10 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:55 est , 10 december 2013 .
as a recent survey reveals that women are more concerned with the state of their skin than any other body hang-up , it is no surprise the skincare business has rolled out a multitude of products that promise to turn back the effects of time .
but one area that often gets neglected is the delicate area above the eye because no product has ever been designed to target that specific area - until now .
elizabeth arden has unveiled prevage anti-aging + intensive repair eye serum - an eye treatment that claims to help reduce the severe signs of skin aging in just one use , especially the look of deep lines and crepiness that affect the delicate upper eyelid area .
banish the lines : elizabeth arden has unveiled prevage anti-aging + intensive repair eye serum which claims to get rid of wrinkles - including those on the eyelid .
developed in partnership with bascom-palmer eye institute , the leading centre for eye research and aesthetics , the new cream even claims to work in just fifteen minutes .
the new formulation combines elizabeth arden 's exclusive idebenone technology , the single most powerful antioxidant , with a blend of arazine and thiotaine .
botox in a bottle ?
the new formulation contains elizabeth arden 's exclusive idebenone technology but at # 95 , it does n't come cheap .
arazine claims to soothe skin and help reduce signs of ageing caused by inflammation , while thiotaine promises to protect skin from free radical damage due to environmental assaults .
it also utilises moisture trap technology - a .
complex of hyaluronic acid , barley and sea plant extracts that work to .
help lock in moisture and plump and smooth skin .
it contains optical diffusers and silicones , which claim to provide a soft focus effect to .
scatter light and diminish the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles for .
immediate bright and luminous skin .
but does it work ?
apparently so ; 75 per cent of women noted a clinical improvement in deep and fine lines in 15 minutes after use .
the results also revealed that seven out of 10 women preferred the new prevage