by .
dan bloom for mailonline .
an orphaned baby aardvark which was less than three months old when its mother was shot by a farmer has found a loving home at a nature reserve .
little barkie was found confused and frightened near the n/a ` an ku sê wildlife sanctuary in namibia , where his near-hairless body was at risk from the african winter nights .
staff at the reserve near the capital windhoek now take him out for daily walks to accustom him to his environment - and even have a special pair of ` pyjamas ' to keep him warm .
just lazing around : barkie with a staff member at the sanctuary after being rehabilitated to his environment .
ant no sunshine when she 's gone : little barkie the aardvark lost his mother when he was three months old .
saved : barkie is now taken for daily walks by staff at the n/a ` an ku sê sanctuary near windhoek , namibia .
aardvarks are common in large parts of africa but they come into conflict with farmers , because they often dig holes through which livestock can escape into predators ' jaws .
when female aardvarks are shot their young are left vulnerable , because they usually remain by their mother 's side for the first six months of their lives .
staff said barkie is now recovering well on a healthy foraged diet of termites and other insects .
a spokesperson for the sanctuary said : ` the killing of aardvarks is tragically a common occurrence in nambia , where farmers and landowners heavily depend on their livestock to eke a living out of this desert land .
` the natural burrowing and digging behaviour of aardvark inadvertently causes holes in fences that allow the livestock to escape , making them vulnerable to free-roaming carnivores .
a spokesman for the sanctuary said : ` the behaviour of these elusive creatures has remained undiscovered , but with barkie 's help we hope to erase their misunderstood reputation of these magnificent mammals ' every cloud : aardvarks , with huge ears , noses and tongues , normally remain with their mothers for six months .
unusual : the name aardvark means ` ant pig ' in afrikaans , the language of south africa 's original dutch settlers .
` sadly aardvarks have gained