plants are slowing the effects of climate change far more than expected , researchers have found .
they said the impact of rising co2 levels on plant growth has been underestimated by 16 per cent , as they thrive with more of the gas in the atmosphere .
and as plants absorb co2 , this has led to overestimates of how much of the greenhouse gas is left in the atmosphere .
researchers say the impact of rising co2 levels on plant growth has been underestimated by 16 per cent .
in a separate study , reported in the same journal , scientists artificially elevated co2 levels in a us prairie grasslands ecosystem for eight years .
they found that the added carbon had increased the overall volume of the plants and promoted the ecosystem 's stability by reducing the growth of normally dominant plant species .
the study was conducted by climate and earth scientists at the university of texas at austin and oak ridge national laboratory in tennessee .
it says a 16 per cent ` correction ' would be ` large enough to explain the persistent overestimation of growth rates of historical atmospheric co2 by earth system models ' .
` our study will lead to improved understanding and modelling of carbon -- climate feedbacks , ' the paper says .
lianhong gu , from the climate change institute at oak ridge national laboratory in the united states , said most carbon-cycle models had over-predicted the growth rate .
dr gu said the growth rate of carbon levels had been over-predicted by 17 per cent over a 100-year period .
the study in the proceedings of the national academy of sciences focusses on the slow diffusion of co2 in plant leaves , with particular attention to the mesophyll or their inner tissue .
it concludes : ` carbon cycle models that lack explicit understanding of mesophyll diffusion will underestimate historical and future terrestrial carbon uptake .
` consequently , they will overestimate historical and future growth rates of atmospheric co2 concentration due to fossil fuel emissions , with ramifications for predicted climate change .
' professor peter cox , professor of climate system dynamics at the university of exeter , said even if the study was correct , the effect will be ` relatively small ' compared to uncertainties about how much carbon will be absorbed by