by .
alexandra ryan .
published : .
21:02 est , 23 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
21:02 est , 23 february 2013 .
glamorous weather girl nuala carey has revealed some interesting romantic encounters outside her presenting job .
television viewers see the professional side of weather girl nuala carey as she explains the deep troughs and complex lows that will determine tomorrow 's weather on rté .
but now the vivacious blonde presenter has revealed some surprising highs in her romantic life and some unsuspected celebrity connections .
the bubbly dubliner , 36 , has admitted to snogging famous actor jared leto and spending a night in the arms of hollywood star mel gibson -- though the latter encounter happened in the wicklow mountains for a film .
` i certainly do n't think i 'm really wild but there definitely is a fun side to me that people do n't give me credit for , ' nuala said .
` it 's because of the job i do , it 's a serious job .
i have to be professional , it 's only appropriate .
' in an interview with suburbia magazine , the popular meteorologist says her career took an unexpected twist , developing from a passion for acting .
` my life took a different turn than i expected because i was actually offered a place in trinity college for their drama course , ' she said .
` i turned it down so i made the decision to change my direction .
i was afraid that i would be limiting myself .
you could be the best actress in the world and still not be getting work .
i was worried about that .
' she still dabbled in acting , however -- working on braveheart with international star mel gibson .
` i did extra work for years .
i worked as a body double on the film braveheart .
i spent a whole friday night with mel gibson holding me in his arms in the woods in glendalough and there were paparazzi hiding in the woods .
nuala carey as viewers see her as a weather girl on rté .
` i was covered in fake tan because i was at a debs the night before and they were trying to wipe me down .
mel was a