by .
jo macfarlane and martyn halle .
published : .
17:15 est , 29 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
16:59 est , 31 december 2012 .
few gifts could be more precious than the one david whaymand gave to his wife carolyn this christmas .
when cystic fibrosis sufferer carolyn was told her kidneys were failing and that her only chance of survival was a transplant , her devoted husband stepped in without hesitation to offer one of his own organs .
it was a touching gesture of love and one david was happy to make after 15 years of marriage to his childhood sweetheart .
gift of life : husband david whayland was a donor for his wife carolyn 's kidney transplant just before christmas .
but what makes his sacrifice all the more remarkable is that , in similarly desperate circumstances 13 years ago , david also gave carolyn a portion of one of his lungs .
these two inspiring deeds are now thought to represent a world first .
doctors and transplant experts say there are no known cases in which a living donor has given up two organs .
this is due to the serious risks of such surgery .
the fact that the recipient in both case was david 's own wife makes the story even more extraordinary -- especially considering that it is highly unusual for a husband to be able to donate to his spouse , as finding a suitable match for a transplant is notoriously difficult .
world class treatment : carolyn received her transplant at hammersmith hospital in west london .
the latest successful operation took place at hammersmith hospital in west london on december 12 and the couple were back at their # 500,000 home in ingatestone , essex , in time for christmas .
david , 39 , an accountant for bank j.p. morgan , told the mail on sunday : ` they say marriage is in sickness and in health .
when i married carolyn i knew it would n't be easy and that she might die without a transplant .
when it came to me being a live donor , i did n't hesitate for a second .
' i was prepared to make the sacrifice that could have seen us both lose our lives .
i could n't stand by and watch