these incredible self-portraits shot in remote landscapes capture the essence of a young photographer 's wanderlust .
taken across iceland , wales and her native canada , snapper elizabeth gadd scouts out breath-taking locations and drops herself right in the middle of her amazing photographs .
in one photo , elizabeth , from vancouver , canada , strides away from the abandoned hull of a plane as snow-tipped mountains watch over in the distance .
elizabeth gadd 's ` be still ' image is her favourite and she described it as being one of the ` calmest moments in my life ' one of ms gadd 's incredible images from skgafoss waterfall in southern iceland , with the force of nature spectacularly overwhelming .
taken across iceland , wales and canada , snapper elizabeth gadd scouts out breath-taking locations and drops herself right in the middle .
her favourite photo is entitled ` be still ' , where she is stood in the middle of a foggy lake surrounded by mountains .
elizabeth said : ' i remember it being one of the quietest , calmest experiences of my life .
' i set up the camera on the shore and then walked knee-deep into the cold water and stood still for several minutes .
` every time the water stilled completely , i would move slightly to create ripples around me for the photos .
` the only other movement around was a small flock of geese quietly floating across the water in the distance .
` with everything so quiet and still , it felt almost as if that moment was frozen and i was suspended in time .
' ms gadd 's incredible self-portraits are shot in remote landscapes and they capture the essence of the young photographer 's wanderlust .
the scene of ms gadd surrounded by snow-covered mountains and trees in the us state of oregon is like something out of a fairy tale .
ms gadd uses a remote control to take the photos and often does several takes to get the light and setting just right .
many of ms gadd 's photographs involved her running through scenic landscapes ; this one is taken in a park in vancouver , canada .
this incredible image was taken in jungle a forest in hawaii , where ms gadd almost blends in with the tree