by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
11:52 est , 9 march 2012 .
| .
updated : .
13:19 est , 9 march 2012 .
a couple is suing a health center for ` wrongful birth ' after a prenatal test intended to pick up whether a foetus has down syndrome failed - and their daughter was born with the condition .
ariel and deborah levy , from portland , oregon , who have two other children , said in a lawsuit they would have aborted their daughter kalanit - who is now four - if they had known .
they are suing legacy health in north portland , which they claim conducted a botched test , for $ 3 million - the amount they believe they will have to pay over kalanit 's lifetime for her care .
happy : kalanit levy , pictured with her brothers , was born with down syndrome after a botched prenatal test failed to spot the condition .
her parents are now suing for the costs of her extra care .
following a nine-day trial in portland , jurors are now deliberating over a case that could have far-reaching - and questionable - implications for children born with with conditions such as down 's .
there are fewer than 10 ` wrongful birth ' cases in the u.s. every year as prenatal tests are 99.7 per cent accurate - and few parents want to face a legal challenge if they do fail , the oregonian reported .
yet experts believe there could be a boom in the lawsuits as women in their late 30s and 40s are increasingly having babies and relying on genetic screenings to signal problems , the paper added .
civil engineer ariel and .
dental hygienist deborah , who say they love kalanit and intend to give her the same opportunities they have given their sons , were stunned when hospital staff told them she appeared to have down 's .
deborah levy , 39 , told doctors she had taken a test - a chorionic villus sampling , or cvs for short - before the birth and that the results had showed their child would be normal .
` we were told we had nothing to worry about , ' ariel levy told jurors .
parents : ariel , left , and deborah levy ,