by .
paul sims .
last updated at 10:56 pm on 26th august 2011 .
cruel : sarah semple , from lancaster , starved and beat the eight-year-old girl .
she was jailed for nine months .
a girl of eight was starved , beaten and forced to do chores in the freezing cold by her stepmother while her university professor father did nothing .
sarah semple , 36 , pulled out clumps of the girl 's hair and repeatedly slapped her .
the child was often left to go hungry and once climbed on a table to grab some chocolates .
when semple noticed she had chocolate on her face she ordered her husband , professor kirk semple , 44 , to ` leather ' his daughter .
she then struck the girl repeatedly with a pair of trainers .
bradford crown court heard that semple , a former administrative worker , appeared to care more for the rabbits she bred commercially than the child .
in an online advert she wrote : ` i give my rabbits plenty of daily cuddles .
i aim to make sure that each feels loved , safe and happy .
' last night semple was beginning a nine-month jail term after she admitted child cruelty and assault .
her husband , who pleaded guilty to child cruelty through wilful neglect , was given a six-month jail sentence , suspended for 12 months , and ordered to carry out 100 hours of unpaid community work .
judge peter benson told the couple : ` you are both highly intelligent people and that is unusual in a case of this sort because the stereotypical case of cruelty to a child involves quite often inadequate single parents struggling in deprived circumstances .
that is n't the case here .
` that little girl was treated in a cruel and heartless manner .
she looked at both of you to look after and protect her .
' he told the husband : ` you were aware of the physical abuse and did nothing to prevent this dreadful treatment .
' kirk semple , a professor in environmental microbiology at the university of lancaster , married sarah thomas in 2007 , two years after the death of his first wife when the girl was three .
heartless : kirk semple was given a six-month jail sentence ,