british tennis star andy murray comfortably won his first round match on day one of the australian open tennis tournament .
the sixth seed stayed well on top of his opponent - india 's yuki bhambri - and will now play australian marinko matosevic in the second round .
murray 's fiancee kim sears was seen smiling court-side as she watched her husband-to-be put the pressure on the 22-year-old .
this comes as local favourite ana ivanovic , who once dated australian golfer adam scott , was knocked out of the open by czech player lucie hradecka .
scroll down for video .
britain 's andy murray faces indian qualifier yuki bhambri in round one of the australian open .
murray 's fiancee kim sears is seen watching court-side at melbourne park 's margaret court arena .
fans watch murray , who was well on top of his opponent - india 's yuki bhambri .
murray and sears got engaged in november last year after dating for nine years .
murray 's mother judy murray -lrb- back row , second from right -rrb- and kim sears -lrb- front , right -rrb- .
ivanovic , from serbia , is fifth seed making her the highest seed to exit the tournament so far .
murray , 27 , had a fine end to 2014 after arriving in melbourne last year uncertain after back surgery .
but the three-time runner-up could potentially have to conquer world no. 10 grigor dimitrov , who leads the band of hungry young guns with eighth seed milos raonic , then federer , nadal and djokovic in successive matches to win this year 's open .
` obviously a very tough draw .
very difficult draw , ' murray said .
` if you have to play all of those players , obviously it 's going to be extremely difficult to come through that .
i 'm aware of that .
' tennis fans have arriving early at melbourne park for day one of the australian openon monday .
local favourite ana ivanovic , who once dated australian golfer adam scott , was knocked out of the open .
ivanovic , of serbia , played against lucie hradecka of the czech republic during day one of the open .
ivanovic is fifth seed making her the highest seed to exit the tournament so far .
rafael nadal of