by .
alex gore .
published : .
05:10 est , 11 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:46 est , 11 february 2013 .
charged : two men are due in court today charged over the death of constable philippa reynolds -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
two men are due in court today to face charges over the death of a policewoman whose patrol car was hit by a stolen 4x4 in northern ireland .
constable philippa reynolds , 27 , from the greater belfast area , died when the unmarked car she was travelling in turned into the path of the vehicle in londonderry in the early hours of saturday .
one of the men , aged 25 , has been charged with ten offences , including causing death by dangerous driving , aggravated vehicle taking causing death or grievous bodily injury , burglary and driving while unfit .
the other man , aged 23 , has been charged with aggravated vehicle taking causing death or grievous bodily injury , burglary , criminal damage and assisting an offender .
they are both due to appear at derry magistrates ' court this morning .
ms reynolds , a former teacher , had been in the police service of northern ireland for two years .
her commander in derry , chief superintendent stephen cargin , said the officer was one of the most enthusiastic he had worked with .
he added : ` she was enthusiastic , bubbly and had a beautiful personality .
she was just loved by her colleagues and she turned that love to the community she served .
' aftermath : forensic officers study the scene around the car constable reynolds had been travelling in .
wreckage : a crumpled 4x4 remained at the scene while police gathered evidence .
line of duty : constable reynolds was sitting in the rear driver 's seat when the vehicles collided .
` she was a young 27-year-old officer , .
just two years ' service , in the prime of her life , doing what she loved .
to do - and that was serving the community to the best of her ability , ' he said .
` her colleagues are devastated , as i am as her commander , as we all are as a police service .
' mr cargin said he believed the