by .
dominic king for the mail on sunday .
mario balotelli 's # 16million move to liverpool will be made official in the next 48 hours as his agent warned that this is the player 's last chance to star at an elite club .
the italy forward flew to the uk on friday evening to begin his medical and met liverpool manager brendan rodgers at the club 's melwood training ground , where hundreds of supporters had gathered to welcome him .
balotelli completed the second part of his medical on saturday before returning to milan and it is now a question of when liverpool announce he has become their ninth - and most unexpected - signing of the summer .
chance : mario balotelli -lrb- red -rrb- has his last chance at ` elite level ' at liverpool , says his agent mino raiola -lrb- centre -rrb- .
how is was : balotelli playing against liverpool in the colours of manchester city back in august 2012 .
incoming : mario balotelli has been to liverpool to complete his # 16million move from ac milan .
friday fun : hundreds of fans gathered outside training ground to catch a glimpse of balotelli in liverpool .
he has agreed a three-year , heavily incentivised # 90,000-per-week contract and mino raiola , balotelli 's long-term adviser , has urged him to seize the opportunity .
after playing for both milan clubs , as well as manchester city , by the age of 24 , balotelli has not stayed in one place long enough to make a positive name for himself and raiola is aware of the consequences should he fail on merseyside .
` at his age , if balotelli fails at liverpool , his career at an elite level is over , ' raiola told the italian newspaper corriere dello sport .
` it is all or nothing .
` the negotiations -lrb- with liverpool -rrb- have been very smooth and fair .
they have been going on for three months .
it is not a scoop .
` liverpool were the only team in england who wanted to sign mario .
i wanted him away from italy , from press , pressure and expectations .
steven gerrard will help him .
he needs to feel free to score goals and play well .
' rules : liverpool manager