by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
13:02 est , 8 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:56 est , 8 november 2013 .
tragic : hilda fairweather , who froze to death in the grounds of the care home were she lived after staff failed to notice she gone missing or carry out checks .
a 91-year-old woman with dementia froze to death in the grounds of the care home where she lived after being ` completely overlooked ' by staff , a court heard .
hilda fairweather was not reported missing from the abele view home in iverley , near stourbridge , west midlands , until the morning after she wandered outside through a fire door .
stoke-on-trent crown court heard that only two staff were looking after 29 residents on the freezing january night in 2009 when mrs fairweather died of hypothermia .
although the fire door was found ajar shortly after mrs fairweather disappeared , the court heard a head count - which would have taken seven minutes - was not carried out .
checks on her scheduled for during the night were not done and staff did n't even realise they 'd failed to put her to bed .
the company that owns the home , abele view ltd , pleaded guilty at an earlier hearing to failing to ensure the safety of its residents and making an insufficient risk assessment .
today it was fined # 133,000 and ordered to pay # 122,412 in costs .
prosecutor bernard thorogood said the safety breaches at the isolated home were committed despite numerous previous incidents in which confused residents had wandered off .
on one previous occasion an elderly man had left the building barefoot and plunged into a ditch , the court heard .
mrs fairweather , originally from kidderminster , was last seen by staff at 7.30 pm on january 29 , 2009 , and was found dead at 7.45 am the following morning .
mr thorogood told the court : ` in the intervening time she should have been put to bed , and she should have been checked for other purposes through the night .
' records which should have shown the scheduled checks were missing , said mr thorogood , who outlined 18 instances of ` accepted criminality ' on behalf of abele view .
as well