dental kits which allow people to carry out their own fillings and repair caps and crowns at home are on the rise as patients say they ca n't afford a visit to the dentist .
the kits , which can cost as little as # 5 or even be bought in pound shops , are intended to provide a temporary solution for lost fillings or broken caps and crowns .
however , more and more people are said to be buying the kits to carry out their own dental work as the price of receiving filling by a nhs dentist in england is as much as # 52 .
more and more people suffering from dental problems are turning to diy dentistry kits due to the price of nhs dental treatment -lrb- picture posed by model -rrb- .
according to the guardian , one of the biggest sellers of first aid dental kits is dentek , who sell around 250,000 products a year , although there is no research on how they are used .
among the items they sell are a temporary filling material as well as cap and crown cement .
and although department for health figures show that more people than ever are receiving dental treatment on the nhs , experts are pointing to anecdotal evidence , which suggests that diy dentistry is on the rise .
john wildman , a professor of health economics at newcastle university told the newspaper : ` people at the lower end of the distribution curve - on big housing estates in the north-east , for instance - are effectively completely unreported .
one of the dentrek kits that can be bought to provide a temporary filling or repair a cap .
` they do n't take part in surveys and they do n't go to gp surgeries .
which is why you have a situation where people in the north-east have gaps in their teeth and are resorting to diy dentistry .
' meanwhile others have pointed to the fact that in certain parts of england registering with an nhs dentist can be difficult due to huge waiting lists .
an investigation last year found that some people were being forced to register with surgeries up to 40 miles from their home as nearby practices were refusing to take-on new patients .
it also found that some nhs dental surgeries