by .
sean o'hare .
published : .
08:56 est , 29 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:16 est , 30 january 2013 .
egypt 's army chief said political strife was pushing the state to the brink of collapse .
it 's a stark warning from the institution that ran the country until last year as cairo 's first freely elected leader struggles to contain bloody street violence .
general abdel fattah al-sisi , appointed by president mohamed mursi last year to head the military , added in a statement on tuesday that one of the primary goals of deploying troops in cities on the suez canal was to protect the waterway that is vital for egypt 's economy and world trade .
egyptian protesters clash with security forces in front of the semiramis hotel in central cairo today .
egyptian protesters celebrate the capture of a state security armoured vehicle seized in tahir square .
anti-mursi protesters celebrate on the military vehicle as troops try to control the recent outbreak of trouble .
sisi 's comments , published on an official army facebook page , followed 52 deaths in the past week as a result of disorder .
it highlighted the mounting sense of crisis facing egypt and its islamist head of state who is struggling to fix a teetering economy and needs to prepare egypt for a parliamentary election in a few months that is meant to cement the new democracy .
after almost seven months since mursi took office , egypt politics have become even more deeply polarised .
opponents spurned a call by mursi for talks on monday to try to end the violence .
instead , protesters have rallied in cairo and alexandria , and in the three suez canal cities - port said , ismailia and suez - where mursi imposed emergency rule .
today , thousands were again on the streets of port said to mourn the deaths of two people in the latest clashes there , taking the total toll in mediterranean port alone to 42 people .
most were killed by gunshots in a city where weapons are rife .
mohamed ezz , a port said resident speaking by telephone , heard heavy gunfire through the night .
` gunshots damaged the balcony of my flat , so i went to stay with my brother , '