judge said .
internet was being ` hijacked by those who pander to the unacceptable and evil for .
profit ' by .
emma reynolds .
published : .
06:50 est , 1 may 2012 .
| .
updated : .
19:49 est , 11 june 2012 .
a child porn addict who began looking at indecent images when he was just 15 amassed almost a quarter of a million pictures by the time his ` base ' addiction was uncovered .
daniel hylands , 27 , began looking at indecent pictures of children online while he was still a schoolboy and was caught 12 years later when police raided his merseyside home .
he was tracked down after he used a credit card to pay a sophisticated system allowing access to more than 200 websites containing sick images of children .
addiction : according to experts children are more likely to get hooked on pornography and some have even said to be spending 10 hours a day looking at explicit material .
a survey this week revealed that two-thirds of the public back the daily mail 's campaign for an automatic block on online porn .
the mail has called on internet service providers to block porn sites from homes unless adults ask to see sexual content when they set up internet access .
but the government is resisting the opt-in system , preferring a less stringent opt-out alternative in which users are asked when they set up their internet access whether they want porn blocked .
experts who analysed hylands 's computer tower after it was seized in may 2010 found 228,681 images of abused children , said prosecutor paul blasbery .
the vast majority were in the least serious category but there were some in all five classifications , including 154 in the two most serious groups .
when interviewed , store manager hylands admitted he had started viewing such images when he was 15 , but he initially claimed he had wanted to identify those looking at them so he could expose them to the authorities .
hylands , now of southport , pleaded guilty at liverpool crown court to 17 offences of downloading child porn images covering a four-year period .
shame : hylands admitted the charges at liverpool crown court , but he initially claimed he had wanted to identify those looking at them