diego maradona has agreed that lionel messi is now his heir .
former tottenham legend and argentine world cup winner ossie ardiels believes messi is now better than maradona and even pele .
` for some time i have thought that diego could never be surpassed , and nor could pele , but no longer .
i would now say that lionel messi will go down in history as the no. 1 player of all time , the best that there ever was , ' said ardiles .
right path : lionel messi has inspired argentina to two victories in brazil .
top of the world : diego maradona led argentina to world cup glory in mexico in 1986 .
video all star xi : lionel messi .
` yes , i would now say that lionel is the very best , but of course you would wonder just how much better maradona or pele would have been if they had the advantage of such advancements in the game .
' but for many it will only be if messi can lead argentina to victory at a world cup that he will be regarded in such esteem as maradona .
after flopping at the last world cup , messi is on the right path having scored two superb individual goals to seal successive victories and could well further stamp his personality on this tournament against nigeria .
in that respect , messi has started better in terms of goals than maradona did in 1986 , who only scored one goal at the group stage in a draw against italy .
he then struck his two ` beast and beauty ' goals against england in the quarter final and then two more in the 2-0 semi final win over belgium , although he did n't score in the 3-2 final win over west germany .
karim benzema will he hoping to fill his boots in the race for the golden boot .
the real madrid striker , who could be up for grabs this summer , currently trails brazil 's neymar , who is now on four , by one goal .
but if france stay in free-scoring mode against ecuador then benzama would expect to be on the score sheet .
free-scoring : france , and three-goal striker karim benzema , have impressed in brazil .
if he does strike