when piers morgan asked ed miliband last year what he was like at school , the labour leader hesitated , before answering timidly : ` i used to be good at the rubik 's cube .
' he has been similarly reticent about his family , shielding wife justine and their two young children , daniel and samuel , from the limelight .
but , with a series of polls showing that his ratings lag behind those of his party and the tory determination to target him personally , mr miliband has decided to shrug off his natural shyness .
shrug off shyness : ed miliband , pictured with wife justine and sons samuel -lrb- left -rrb- and daniel -lrb- right -rrb- has been reticent about his family in the past .
a new film , dubbed ed : the movie by aides , attempts to highlight the human side of the self-confessed ` geek ' .
the party political broadcast , to be screened nationwide on wednesday , shows him and his wife playing with their children .
and it highlights his school days at a tough north london comprehensive , with mr miliband , 42 , recalling how he used to dodge scraps in the playground .
former classmates line up to praise his down-to-earth background , and say it will help him to be a good prime minister .
` chatty ' : mr miliband , aged 12 , in his haverstock school days and he is a self-confessed ` geek ' the mail on sunday has also obtained mr miliband 's school reports , which show despite his excellent results he was no teachers ' pet .
he had to be separated from his pals because their noisy antics were disrupting the class .
there is no mention in the broadcast of david cameron 's progress from prep school to eton or the prime minister 's bullingdon club days at oxford .
but the labour message is clear : ed is an ordinary guy , dave is n't .
miliband 's science teacher at haverstock school in north london in 1983 , mr ashby , said of ed , then aged 13 : ` edward has worked well .
his main problem is he can be very chatty and argumentative when he is with his friends .
i have often had to separate them .
'