by .
rob cooper .
a father forced his three young children to live in squalor in a home knee-deep in rubbish after his partner left him - because it was ` her job to do the cleaning ' .
police who raided the dirty home found dog mess , rotting food and even human excrement smeared all over the walls .
the 37-year-old father told officers he blamed the conditions - branded ` appalling ' by a judge - on his former partner leaving .
knee deep in dirt : these are the vile conditions that three children aged under 12 were forced to live in .
their 37-year-old father avoided jail after admitting child neglect .
filthy : dog mess was found in the mouldy property and there was human excrement smeared on the walls .
the father , who can not be named for legal reasons , tried to blame the mess on his former partner who he said was responsible for cleaning .
officers discovered the three neglected children - all under 12 - living among empty milk cartons , rotting food and broken glass , with swarms of flies in the air .
the cooker in the home in knowle west , bristol , was caked in grease and fresh food was left in a fridge that was filled with black mould .
police described the home which had grime smeared on every window as ` the worst they had ever seen ' .
but despite the conditions the father was spared prison for neglecting his children and was given a suspended sentence .
bristol crown court heard that when police first challenged the man - who can not be named for legal reasons - he refused to let them past the front door .
but they went back armed with cameras to capture the squalor .
neil treharne , prosecuting , said : ` he blamed his ex-partner .
he said faeces from the dog littered the house and it was her responsibility .
` he said refuse in the kitchen was from where a dog ripped a bin bag open and it was her responsibility .
dirty : fresh food sits on the shelves in the fridge which is so mouldy it is completely black in places .
` he said the state of the cooker was her fault as she was responsible