whatever caused small space rocks to lump together billions of years ago , magnetism is unlikely to be the reason .
scientists announced today that measurements made by the european space probe philae , which landed on comet 67p in november , show the comet 's core is n't magnetised .
some astrophysicists have suggested that magnetism might have been responsible for aligning and then binding together rocks into larger boulders during the early stages of planet formation .
a composite of 18 images showing off the comet 67p/churyumov-gerasimenko activity from different angles as seen between 31 january -lrb- top left -rrb- and 25 march -lrb- bottom right -rrb- , when the spacecraft was at distances of about 30 to 100 km from the comet .
but in a paper published online by the journal science , the team led by hans-ulrich auster at the technical university of braunschweig , germany , said their data -- which benefited from three unexpected bounces that allowed philae to collect more results than planned -- do n't support this theory .
` if the surface was magnetised , we would have expected to see a clear increase in the magnetic field readings as we got closer and closer to the surface , ' said auster .
` if comet 67p/churyumov-gerasimenko is representative of all cometary nuclei , then we suggest that magnetic forces are unlikely to have played a role in the accumulation of planetary building blocks greater than one meter -lrb- 3 feet -rrb- in size .
' allan h. treiman , a senior scientist at the lunar and planetary institute in houston , texas , who was n't involved in the study , said the results credibly suggest other forces were responsible .
magnetic data before -lrb- top -rrb- and after -lrb- bottom -rrb- the cliff collision at between the first and second touchdowns .
height above the surface is plotted on the x-axis and magnetic field strength on the y-axis .
the measurements -lrb- crosses -rrb- are compared with a hypothetical model -lrb- solid line -rrb- assuming a slightly magnetised surface .
data collected by the rosetta plasma consortium fluxgate magnetometer on board the orbiter -lrb- top -rrb- and the rosetta lander magnetometer and plasma monitor on board the lander -lrb- bottom -rrb- have been used to investigate the magnetic properties of comet 67p/churyumov-gerasimenko .
studying the properties of a