the country best known for sheep , soggy weather and tv series gavin & stacey is spectacularly displayed from above in a series of photographs taken by a local photographer , and wales enthusiast .
michael catania , a software development manager from mold in north wales , spends two hours once a month scanning the skies in his tiny plane for picturesque shots of the local countryside .
the 52-year-old said , ` the photographs highlight how beautiful the countryside is in north wales .
the diversity of landscape and seascapes is breathtaking .
' ' i fell in love with north wales when i went to university in bangor and i consider myself very lucky as i have the opportunity to fly myself around the mountains and the coast .
` once you spot what you want , you then have to consider how best to approach the best viewpoint to capture the image safely .
' i enjoy the different perspective you get from the air and sometimes i do not take a camera so the photography does n't get in the way of just enjoying the view .
' while not enjoying the view , catania has captured red wharf bay in anglesey , intricate meandering tributaries , ynys gored goch island and a 500ft quarry that 's still in use between llanfairfechan and penmaenmawr , among others , in a beautiful new light .
boat for one ?
yns gored goch island is home to one detached house in the middle of the menai straits .
the flow of water separates angelsey from the mainland .
meandering tributaries make their way to the sea and around beached yachts at red wharf bay on the north east side of anglesey during low tide .
emerging from the depths : sandy banks break the sea 's surface by the town of beaumaris on the north east cost of anglesey .
never mind the sheep , look at this beautiful coastline near bangor towards llanfairfechan in wales .
a winding road along a rocky output known as the great orme .
michael catania credits his aerial ventures with giving him a ` different perspective ' on even simple scenes .
the dee estuary near mostyn docks with flows into liverpool bay and looks like an oil painting when shot from above .
a quarry in the clouds :