u.s. company kythera claims to have invented an injection which can banish fat under the chin .
james corden , known to have a double chin , is pictured at the hbo post golden globe party .
a double chin is the dreaded sight faced by many people looking into a mirror .
now , a u.s. company claims to have invented an injection which can banish that chin bulge .
atx-101 , an experimental drug made by california-based kythera biopharmaceuticals , is injected into the skin over a series of treatments spaced no less than one month apart .
the drug is a type of deoxycholic acid - a naturally-occurring molecule that helps the body break down fat , according to kythera 's website .
it acts ` immediately on targeted fat cells ' but is ` rapidly cleared ' from the chin , leaving surrounded tissue largely unaffected , kythera claims .
it says fat under the chin is influenced by ageing and genetics , and can often not be changed by diet and exercise alone .
while this area of the face is important to patients , it is undertreated , according to kythera .
atx-101 not yet been approved by the food and drug administration -lrb- fda -rrb- , the body that regulates medicines and cosmetics in the u.s. .
but in clinical trials the injections were tested on more than 1,600 people , with 90 per cent reporting it reduced the fat under their chin after two years , kythera said .
as part of the trial , atx-101 was injected up to four or six times , based on the amount and volume of the fat under the chin .
however , common side effects included pain in the chin , numbness , bruising , swelling , redness , firmness , itching , a burning or prickling sensation and nodules .
while kythera said these side effects were ` temporary ' and ` mild-to-moderate in severity ' , in previous studies 13 per cent of participants dropped out of the trial due to these effects .
if approved by the fda atx-101 will be a ` first-in-class ' drug to stop double chins , kythera said .
other treatments for fat under the skin are invasive , or lack evidence , according to a study on atx-101 published in the british journal of dermatology