by .
harriet arkell .
published : .
08:09 est , 6 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:57 est , 7 september 2013 .
an elderly woman was arrested on suspicion of murder this morning after the body of a man in his 70s was found in a country park .
paramedics found the man after they were called to the car park of the seven sisters country park in sussex in the early hours of this morning .
police , who said that the woman , who is in her 70s , was taken to hospital suffering from ` injuries ' , are examining several theories including the possibility of a failed suicide pact .
police guard the scene after an elderly man was found dead at seven sisters country park in sussex today .
it is believed that the woman raised the alarm herself just before 2.30 am today , calling emergency services to the remote spot on the edge of the friston forest , outside seaford .
detectives said the couple were known to each other but they would not confirm that they were husband and wife .
a sussex police spokesman said that the man died in the country park , which includes the seven sisters chalk cliffs and leads to beachy head , although they stressed the man was found within the park rather than near the steep cliffs .
map : the elderly man was found in a car park at seven sisters country park near eastbourne .
detective sergeant dave tye said : ` to help us with our investigations we have closed a section of the seven sisters country park , along with the car park at exceat .
' a blue coloured police forensic tent could be seen erected at the scene of where the body was found .
police are in the process of contacting the man 's next of kin , and said they believed the couple were not from sussex but from elsewhere in the south-east of england .
a spokesman for the south east coast ambulance service said : ` we were called to just off the a259 , at the exceat car park .
` sadly one man aged in his 70s was pronounced dead at the scene .
` we also treated a woman aged in her 70s .
she was taken