the poster child for what democrats claim is a gop ` war on women ' lashed out at hillary clinton on wednesday in exclusive comments to mailonline , calling her ` hypocritical ' for defending a child rapist in 1975 and laughing about it in a taped interview .
former missouri republican rep. todd akin crashed and burned in his 2012 bid for a u.s. senate seat , after claiming that exceptions in abortion bans for rape victims were n't necessary because ` if it 's a legitimate rape , the female body has ways to try to shut that whole thing down .
' ` but let 's assume that maybe that did n't work or something : i think there should be some punishment , ' he said ten weeks before that election , ` but the punishment ought to be of the rapist , and not attacking the child .
' akin .
emerged from 18 months of media silence to double down on those .
comments , and to blast the leading democratic presidential contender .
with a blistering verbal salvo .
scroll down for video .
` legitimate rape ' : todd akin insists he was right about the rarity of pregnancy caused by rape , and is attacking hillary clinton for her role in marginalizing her husband 's sexual-assault accusers .
double standard ?
former secretary of state hillary clinton defended the rapist of a 12-year-old girl in 1975 , winning him a ` time served ' sentence of just two months in jail .
akin says he has n't rule out running for office again , and may be laying the groundwork with a new book explaining his epic collapse in 2012 .
` it .
is incredibly hypocritical that hillary clinton would carry on about an .
imagined `` republican war on women '' , ' the former six-term congressman .
told mailonline , ` when she once got a child rapist off the hook who she .
knew to be guilty , and laughed about how she did it when interviewed .
' ` in .
the process , she de-legitimized the legitimate claims of the .
12-year-old victim and then slandered the victim to justify her .
tactics .
' clinton was embarrassed ten days ago when the washington free beacon published an audio interview from the early 1980s in