rare behind-the-scenes photographs taken on the set of classic movie jaws are to be sold at auction after surfacing almost 40 years later .
the pictures include shots of star roy scheider , who played shark-hunting police chief brody in the legendary 1975 film , and director steven spielberg .
there are also several pictures of the giant mechanical rubber shark that wreaked terror on the fictional seaside resort of amity .
rare behind-the-scenes photographs taken on the set of jaws are due to be auctioned off .
the archive includes several shots of the giant mechanical rubber shark that wreaked terror on the fictional seaside resort of amity .
star roy scheider , who played chief brody , is pictured -lrb- right -rrb- in a hardware shop in a break during filming .
the shark can be seen being hoisted in the air before being moved into position .
the shark can be seen being hoisted in the air before being moved into position as well as sat in a dry dock during a break in the filming .
other shots include the large welcome sign outside the fictional resort of amity which featured in the movie .
elsewhere , there is a picture of the ` orca ' , the wooden fishing boat used to hunt down the man-eating great white shark , and a snap of the sand dunes also seen in the film .
along with the photo album , the archive includes red and orange life jackets worn by spielberg , scheider and co-stars robert shaw who played ` quint ' and richard dreyfuss who starred as ` hooper ' .
the life vests are marked with ` jaws ' and ` orca ' .
the archive was amassed by a nautical technician who worked on the set .
a technician with one of the huge mechanical dummy sharks in a break from filming .
other shots include the large welcome sign outside the fictional resort of amity which featured in the movie .
the orca fishing boat , as featured in the classic 1975 film jaws .
it is being sold by his family through nate d sanders auctioneers of los angeles with a pre-sale estimate of $ 30,000 .
numerous documents make up the collection including ` shooting call ' sheets issued to the cast and crew .
one of the sheets is