by .
luke norman .
double world cup winner ronaldo is certain coach luiz felipe scolari ` will change something ' to reawaken brazil 's attack in friday 's world cup quarter-final match against colombia .
` we are waiting for a good performance by brazil .
we are not playing well .
i am disappointed with the first four matches , ' said ronaldo , the joint-leading world cup goal-scorer of all time .
' i think he -lrb- scolari -rrb- will change something .
i do n't know what .
' video scroll down to watch brazil legend ronaldo : scolari needs to change something .
talking tactics : scolari -lrb- centre -rrb- chats to his players in training earlier this week .
been there , done it : ronaldo lifts the world cup in 2002 with scolari -lrb- back right -rrb- watching on .
there has been much speculation that right back dani alves and striker fred are in danger of being cut from the starting line-up .
one player who will certainly be missing is defensive midfielder luis gustavo , who picked up a second yellow card and is suspended .
paulinho , who started the first three group games before being replaced by fernandinho , is a candidate to return to the starting line-up .
strikers fred and jo have between them netted just one of the eight goals scored by brazil in the tournament so far .
like many of his countrymen , ronaldo sees this faltering strike force as an area of concern .
misfiring : brazil striker fred has not impressed so far leading the line at the world cup .
video fully fit neymar points to ronaldo inspiration .
` they are n't playing well .
there are no secrets , my advice is to run a lot and try and score as much as you can , ' he said .
` but it 's not easy to play like a no 9 , even if you have neymar playing with you .
' ronaldo can probably understand the pressure that is on the 22-year-old neymar .
ronaldo was famously hit by a mysterious illness on the day of the 1998 world cup final , with many blaming it on the pressure the then 21-year-old forward was facing .
but he thinks neymar , who has scored four goals so