shocking photographs showing the bloody beheading of four alleged spies in iraq have been released by islamic state .
the images , given the disturbing title ` harvesting of spies ' , were taken in the iraqi province of salahuddin and published on social media .
according to the captions , the four men were accused of being spies for the baghdad government and had been condemned to death by an islamic court .
depraved : the images of the execution were taken in the iraqi province of salahuddin and published on social media .
unusually for an isis public execution , no residents appear to have been allowed to witness the killings , despite them being carried out in a public place .
kneeling in matching black jumpsuits , the four alleged spies are shown with their hands tied behind their backs .
isis fighters , three with their faces covered with balaclavas and another wearing a baseball cap , are pictured posing behind their victims with sharp knives .
an isis official , carrying a machine gun and with his index finger pointing to the sky , is shown coordinating the execution .
dressed in a long tunic and wearing a head scarf , the man appears to be a local isis governor or judge .
the bearded official steps back and at his command , the four prisoners are beheaded on the tarmac road .
alleged spies : the four men were accused of being spies for the baghdad government and had been condemned to death by an islamic court .
kneeling in matching black jumpsuits , the four alleged spies are shown with their hands tied behind their backs .
unusually for a public isis execution , no residents seem to have been allowed to witness the killings , despite it being carried out in a public place .
the final two photos - too graphic to publish - show the severed heads of the victims .
just last week , footage was released of nine men being executed by isis for allegedly being spies .
each man was forced to give interview before their murder in which they admit to spying on the terror group 's location , movement and armament .
all nine of them - blindfolded with hands bound behind their backs - are then escorted outside by masked terrorists who eventually instruct