by .
emma innes .
published : .
06:21 est , 22 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:04 est , 22 march 2013 .
middle-aged men who physically act out their dreams while asleep are five times more likely to develop dementia , researchers have found .
moving around , walking , talking or hitting out while asleep is the strongest predictor that a man will develop dementia with lewy bodies -- the second most common form of dementia in the elderly after alzheimer 's .
another example would be unconsciously mimicking the action of holding a steering wheel while dreaming about driving a car .
physically acting out dreams is a condition known as rapid eye movement -lrb- rem -rrb- sleep behaviour disorder .
middle-aged men who acts out their dreams while asleep are five times more likely to develop dementia in old age .
researchers at the mayo clinic , in .
the u.s. , found that men with the condition are five times more likely .
to develop this form of dementia than those who display other risk factors currently used to make the diagnosis , such as hallucinations .
rem sleep is the phase of sleep during which the most vivid dreams occur , while rem sleep behaviour disorder is the name given to the condition that causes the loss of the normal muscle paralysis that occurs during rem sleep .
this precursor can appear as much as three decades or more before a diagnosis of dementia with lewy bodies is made , the researchers said .
this type of dementia accounts for ten per cent of all cases in the elderly .
for most people , dreams occur purely in the mind while the body is resting .
however , people who suffer from rem sleep behaviour disorder physically act out their dreams while they are asleep .
they physically move around , walk , talk or hit out in their sleep .
it is often not diagnosed until it starts to prove a danger to the sufferer 's bed partner .
studies of animals suggest that the symptoms of rem sleep behaviour .
disorder may be caused by lesions on the brain stem -lrb- the area of the .
brain which joins the spinal cord -rrb- .
the disorder can be treated quite successfully using medications such as antidepressants .
.