by .
beth stebner .
published : .
10:34 est , 12 march 2012 .
| .
updated : .
10:46 est , 12 march 2012 .
a teenager on probation told police he struck his girlfriend 's young son friday night after the boy would n't stop crying , resulting in the toddler 's death .
tyree wright , 19 , who was arrested five times before for assault and robbery charges , reportedly told police that while babysitting 23-month-old jacquil degraffenreid for his girlfriend , he struck the boy twice .
the boy 's mother , 21-year-old natalie garner received a call from wright around 9pm friday night to say that her son was sick .
scene : tyree wright , 19 reportedly told police that while babysitting 23-month-old jacquil degraffenreid for his girlfriend , he struck the boy twice at his brooklyn home .
ms garner had apparently left her son in wright 's care while she went to work at her catering job .
by the time she returned to wright 's home on shepard avenue in cypress hills around 2am , she told police that jaquil was acting sluggishly and lost consciousness , the new york post reported .
that 's when ms garner called 911 , sources told the paper .
jaquil was taken to kings county hospital , but was pronounced dead on arrival .
the autopsy report says his cause of death was caused by ` lacerations of the liver and pancreas with internal hemorrhage due to blunt-impact injuries .
' authorities are still investigating what caused the toddler 's injuries .
tragic : the boy was taken to kings county hospital , where he was pronounced dead ; an autopsy report said he died from internal bleeding and cuts to his liver and pancreas .
doctors told police they also found bruising on the boy 's forehead and torso .
wright was charged with felony assault and acting in a manner injurious to a child , though it is likely that the charges will be upped to murder , a spokesman for the kings county district attorney 's office told the new york times .
records show he was jailed in both 2009 and 2011 .
he was on probation until 2014 for robbery , cbs new york said .
neighbours were devastated when they heard the news .
` it