by .
james salmon .
published : .
21:09 est , 1 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
21:10 est , 1 november 2012 .
barclays traders toyed with electricity prices at several major power trading hubs in the western u.s. to boost their own profits .
the men were caught , and barclays slapped with a $ 470million fine , after they bragged about the price rigging in a series of damning , foul-mouthed e-mails .
four traders are accused of conspiring to sell electricity at a loss to drive prices down between november 2006 and 2008 .
this enabled simultaneous bets on falling energy prices to reap huge profits , leading to losses of $ 140million for other investors and pensions funds .
emails and phone messages between foul-mouthed barclays traders in new york reveal how they bragged about rigging energy prices in america to make huge profits .
however , the actions are not believed to have raised energy prices for consumers .
critics yesterday said the .
expletive-ridden correspondence provides further evidence of the ` rotten .
culture of casino banking ' that built up under bob diamond , the disgraced former ceo of the british bank .
the price manipulation took place at .
four electricity-trading hubs across the western u.s. , according to the .
federal energy regulatory commission .
the hubs are : mid-columbia in .
washington state , palo verde in phoenix , arizona and south path 15 and .
north path 15 in california .
these hubs are where electricity is channelled , stored and then distributed around the region .
barclays and other banks trade in complicated financial instruments which bet on electricity price movements at these hubs .
the bank faces a # 270million fine by the us federal energy regulatory commission for allegedly manipulating the energy market across western america between november 2006 and 2008 .
the accused barclays traders -- daniel brin , scott connelly , karen levine and ryan smith -- face penalties totalling $ 18million .
connelly was described as ` the leader of the manipulative scheme ' and the highest paid .
he faces a $ 15million fine .
the bank was also ordered to pay back $ 35million in profits made from the alleged energy manipulation scam .
but , .
in arguably a more devastating blow to barclays , the