by .
chris hastings .
published : .
15:58 est , 11 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:13 est , 11 may 2013 .
a set of portraits drawn by one of the key figures in the profumo affair has been discovered -- 50 years after they were ` disposed of ' .
the pictures were drawn by stephen ward , the ` fixer ' in the 1960s scandal who was accused of introducing minister of war john profumo to showgirl christine keeler .
the pair enjoyed an illicit affair but after keeler was subsequently discovered to be sleeping with russian naval attaché yevgeny ivanov , profumo was forced to resign from the cabinet and ward was prosecuted for living off the immoral earnings of prostitution .
portraits : christine keeler has identified the picture on the left as a portrait of her .
the right portrait is said to be of mandy rice-davies .
the pictures were drawn by stephen ward , the ` fixer ' in the 1960s scandal .
leaving court : christine keeler -lrb- right -rrb- with mandy rice-davies -lrb- left -rrb- leaving the old bailey when stephen ward was on trial facing vice charges .
lawyers acting for ward , who committed suicide in 1963 while on trial , considered the portraits sensitive and gave orders for them to be removed from public view .
but the artworks , which are reproduced today for the very first time , survived because the clerk of the now-defunct law firm m. a. jacobs & sons secretly gave them to one of his best friends for safe keeping .
the distinctive pencil , chalk and charcoal sketches include portraits of 14 sitters , including keeler and ivanov .
keeler , who has studied the portraits on behalf of the mail on sunday , last night identified a picture of a young woman with her hair in a bun as a portrait of her .
other sitters are believed to include profumo and mandy rice-davies , a friend of both ward and keeler who had a string of affairs with high-profile figures of the day .
ward , who met many of his portrait subjects through his work as a high society osteopath , was instrumental in introducing some of the key players in the controversy to each other and was at the infamous party at