the 9/11 museum has won a top entertainment award alongside the wizarding world of harry potter during a ceremony in disneyland - angering victim 's families who claim officials have made ground zero a theme park , not a shrine .
the themed entertainment association honored the $ 700 million national september 11 memorial & museum with an award for ` extraordinary cultural achievement ' , leaving relatives complaining it was more concerned with profit than the memory of their loved ones .
the black-tie award ceremony was held in the grand ballroom at the disneyland hotel on saturday and cost $ 520 to attend for non-members .
a shrine : families of those who died during 9/11 have said it is deeply inappropriate for the national september 11 memorial & museum to accept an award for ` entertainment ' ` it 's totally outrageous that they would participate in this , ' said jim riches , a retired firefighter who lost his son , jimmy on september 11 .
speaking to the new york daily news , riches said , ` it 's a moneymaking place for entertainment and they got an award for it .
they 've made it into an amusement park .
' furious , riches said that ground zero is a place where almost 3,000 people died , not a theme park ride .
' i do n't think they should have sent somebody there to accept an award for a cemetery , ' riches told cbs2 's alice gainer .
` it 's supposed to be a place that 's dignified and respectful where our loved ones are to be buried .
it 's not the metropolitan museum .
' deep emotions : two people embrace during the opening ceremony of the national september 11 memorial in may of 2014 .
deep significance : united states president barack obama speaks at the dedication ceremony for the national 9/11 memorial museum .
sacrifice of heroes : destroyed ladder truck of fdny ladder co. 3 is one of many exhibits on display at the 9/11 museum .
honor guards comprised of members of fdny , nypd , and papd entering the stage during the opening ceremony of the 9/11 museum last year .
before the announcement the 9/11 museum revealed it had welcomed two million visitors since opening last may , most of whom are charged