families were evacuated from a hotel at disneyland paris yesterday , amid fears that a shooter was on the loose in the theme park .
there were separate reports of gunfire outside a synagogue in the city 's 19th district yesterday morning , and another potential hostage situation at a pharmacy in jaures .
tensions were already high in the city following the deaths of 17 innocent people in a wave of terrorist attacks last week .
scroll down for video .
immediate response : armed police stand guard inside disneyland paris amid reports of another terror threat .
evacuation : families were evacuated from a hotel at the theme park , as tensions in paris reach breaking point -lrb- file photo -rrb- .
the sequoia lodge hotel -lrb- pictured -rrb- at disneyland paris was briefly evacuated following a security incident .
a euro disney spokesman told mailonline : ` at 11.30 am paris time on saturday , january 10 , the sequoia lodge hotel at disneyland paris was briefly evacuated following a security incident , which turned out to be a false alarm .
` as a precaution a number of guests were taken into the hotel car park as is usual resort procedure .
` the whole process , which mainly concerned the lobby area , lasted less than an hour , with the safety cordon lifted quickly and the rest of the resort was not affected in any way .
' france 's president has warned its citizens to remain vigilant in the wake of a brutal attack on the charlie hebdo magazine , the fatal shooting of a policewoman and a deadly showdown between a hostage-taker and police at a jewish supermarket .
the french defence ministry has placed 500 extra soldiers on patrol around paris to calm nerves in the wake of the attacks .
interior minister bernard cazeneuve said france will keep its highest possible security level in the greater paris area .
initial reports of a gunman in the theme park yesterday morning conflicted with separate accounts that police were investigating a bomb threat .
and according to le parisien , a woman was arrested after shouting from her window that she was hayat boumeddiene , who 's wanted in connection to the hostage drama which left five people - including the killer - dead in vincennes yesterday .
tense : police investigated