when young british models cara delevingne and rosie huntington-whiteley stepped out at paris fashion week wearing v-neck tops slashed to their waists this week , onlookers might have expected an abundance of breast on show .
after all , the new trend for deep-plunge necklines leaves little to the imagination .
but there was , in fact , barely any cleavage to be seen -- despite the minimal material .
for this slick new style , spearheaded by the slimmest of celebrities , is actually all about having no cleavage .
it is , indeed , the ` no-cleavage cleavage ' : a daring display of chest that demonstrates not acres of soft , ample bosom but a hard , toned torso without a whiff of wobble .
scroll down for video .
rosie huntington-whiteley : it 's hard to upstage a strip sequin jumpsuit , bur rosie 's gravity-defying body puts this balmain creation in the shadows .
but then , this plunge is designed to do one thing : show off a taut , perfect torso .
gwyneth paltrow : gwyneth manages a laid-back take on the tux by pairing relaxed trousers with her plunging neckline .
the result is effortlessly chic , though the chunky gold chain emphasises her jutting collarbone .
abbey clancy : grown-up rather than gimmicky , she channels the no-cleavage cleavage look in a classic white suit .
perhaps it is the fear of flashing , or lavish amounts of sticky tape under the jacket , which leaves her looking uncomfortable .
cara delevingne : dramatically plunging is an understatement -- this top is smaller than most swimming costumes .
coupled with stripy , see-through trousers and a waist-squeezing belt , her balmain jumpsuit screams ` look at my chest !
' kate hudson : kate 's beautifully draped frock is a red carpet winner , complete with regal train and shimmering fabric , but it 's the plunge neck that steals the show , and the toned skin and body it reveals .
georgia may jagger : proof that no-cleavage cleavage can be classy .
georgia 's sophisticated thierry mugler dress flashes large amounts of flesh but strikes a balance between chic and sexy .
sienna miller : sienna 's low-cut lace dress with waterfall hem needs only one accessory -- a golden tan .
oh , and perfectly toned , svelte