her black leather handbag sold for a rather conservative # 25,000 at auction four years ago .
but collectors seem less willing to part with the same amount of money for margaret thatcher 's armoured ` battle bus ' , which is rusting in a dealer 's yard because nobody will meet the asking price .
the 1983-registered , 17.5-tonne vehicle - which has travelled less than 17,500 miles - was built in an armoured shell for the former prime minister in northern ireland , after the brighton bombing .
no buyers ; the 1983-registered , 17.5-tonne vehicle - which has travelled less than 17,500 miles - was built in an armoured shell for margaret thatcher 's use in northern ireland , following the brighton bombing .
strength : the bus , powered by a 12-litre rolls-royce engine , can carry about 35 passengers and features a blast-proof floor and armour-plated glass throughout , as well as a bomb-proof armour-plated body .
it is not clear exactly when baroness thatcher used the vehicle on her visits to northern ireland , although it was deemed safe to transport the politician and her ministers there during the troubles .
her first visit to northern ireland as prime minister was to belfast in august 1979 , three months after taking office - and two years before the hunger strikes by republican prisoners in 1981 .
and a year after the brighton bomb , she signed the anglo-irish agreement in 1985 , giving the irish republic a say in northern ireland 's affairs for the first time - causing unrest among unionists .
the bus , powered by a 12-litre rolls-royce engine , can carry about 35 passengers and features a blast-proof floor and armour-plated glass throughout , as well as a bomb-proof armour-plated body .
but the vehicle has been sitting for a year in a lot in rural northamptonshire owned by tanks and surplus military equipment dealer nick mead , after he paid # 16,940 for it february 2013 .
the bus was almost sold last year to a foreign buyer in iran for # 17,000 , but the deal fell through because of the huge shipping costs involved .
interior : the vehicle has been sitting for a year in a lot in rural northamptonshire owned by tanks and surplus military equipment dealer nick mead , after he paid # 16,940