by .
louise cheer .
a video of two unsuspecting fast food employees who were the victims of a practical joke pulled by an australian youtuber has gone viral .
so far the clip - which lasts for almost four minutes - of tyson williams performing the prank call has attracted more than 160,000 views .
it involves williams putting two domino 's pizza employees on the phone to each other using the ` merge calls ' function on his mobile phone .
scroll down for video .
a video of a brisbane man pranking two domino 's pizza employees has gone viral .
in the footage , the brisbane man dials the number of domino 's pizza in forest lake - south of the queensland capital - on his iphone .
a pizza chain employee named ` ron ' greets him and prepares to take his pick-up order .
williams - whose friend is having trouble keeping his amused laughter at bay off-camera - orders two deep pan pepperoni pizzas , two thin 'n' crispy hawaiian pizzas , two cheesy breads and a 1.25-litre bottle of coke under the name of ` rogan ' .
at one point , it looks like williams is about to break his facade and lose his composure , but he keeps it together and tells ron to hold on - saying he has to ask his friend what dessert he wants to order .
while ron is on hold , williams then dials the number of the acacia ridge branch - also in brisbane 's south - of domino 's pizza .
tyson williams posted the video on youtube and so far it has had more than 160,000 views .
two employees - one from the acacia ridge store -lrb- pictured -rrb- and one from the forest lake store - were victims of the prank .
a ` rhiannon ' answers the phone and asks him : ` would you like pick-up or delivery ?
' williams tells her to hold and proceeds to take ron off hold , and asks him to read the order back - but not before williams merges the calls so rhiannon thinks ron is the one placing the order .
what ensues is a lot of confusion on the part of both employees who do n't realise that neither is placing an order , but trying to