just ten foreign property developers are behind plans for tens of thousands of new homes across london , fuelling fears that britons will continue to be priced out of the capital 's housing market .
the investors from hong kong , china , malaysia , australia singapore and sweden own sites earmarked to create more than 30,000 properties .
overseas buyers regard london property as a stable investment .
the increase in sales has led critics to label the homes ` safety deposit boxes ' , with many of the owners never actually living in the properties -- or even visiting them .
iconic : how battersea 's famous power station could be developed by a malaysian consortium .
in april , the mail reported how chinese investors were creating a national housing shortage .
developments in st john 's wood in north london , the greenwich peninsula and the olympic park are reportedly being sold to overseas investors -- with many of the homes offered to foreigners first .
swedish furniture retailer ikea is developing 1,200 homes next to the olympic park in east london , while a malaysian consortium is redeveloping battersea power station in south london , which will include thousands of new homes .
a company run by malaysian billionaire ananda krishnan plans 104 luxury homes on the site of the former st john 's wood barracks in north west london , where homes could sell for more than # 5million each , while a subsidiary controlled by hong kong billionaire henry cheng kar-shun plans 10,000 homes in greenwich , east london , including three-bedroom apartments costing more than # 800,000 .
there is interest from middle and far eastern investors for hyde park barracks in west london , which the ministry of defence is selling for # 650million before its conversion to homes , and singapore developer oxley holdings is planning 3,400 homes in royal wharf , east london .
nicky gavron , the former deputy mayor of london and chairman of the london assembly 's planning committee , told the guardian : ` there is a perception these major residential developments backed by international money , particularly in super-high towers , only serve a market for overseas investors who want to buy a luxury flat in a skyscraper to treat as a safety deposit box .
from the mail on april 5 : the