by .
john edwards .
follow @@ jealty .
louis van gaal is planning to announce his arrival as manchester united manager by pulling off the spectacular signing of bayern munich forward thomas muller .
muller 's bayern team-mate toni kroos and borussia dortmund pair mats hummels and marco reus have all been linked with van gaal , who will be confirmed as david moyes ' successor next week .
but informed sources in germany have revealed that muller is the name at the top of val gaal 's wanted list and that he is the one manager the germany striker would leave his home club for .
wanted man : louis van gaal wants to sign bayern munich forward thomas muller for manchester united this summer .
forward planning : dutchman van gaal is set to be appointed as manchester united boss next week .
new look : our mocked-up version of how muller would look in a manchester united home shirt .
frustrated figure : muller , pictured here tussling real madrid 's gareth bale , is not happy with his role at bayern .
muller is unhappy with his role on the fringes of bayern 's starting line-up under pep guardiola and has become increasingly frustrated at being left on the bench for key games , such as the bundesliga showdown with their main rivals dortmund and champions ' league tie against united .
bavarian-born , he saw himself spending his entire career at the allianz arena but has been forced to contemplate the unthinkable of seeking a fresh start .
according to sources close to him , van gaal 's imminent appointment as united boss has turned his sights towards old trafford .
while there have been widespread reports of some players being at odds with the holland coach , due to his confrontational style , muller readily concedes he owes his standing as one of germany 's foremost forwards to the 62-year old .
as manager of bayern , van gaal promoted muller from the junior ranks and helped establish him as one of the bundesliga 's most accomplished finishers .
undecided : ryan giggs ' role next season is not known .
history : muller , pictured here in action against united , was brought through bayern 's youth ranks by van gaal .
new man : louis van gaal -lrb- right -rrb- has