alice powell 's hopes of taking part in next weekend 's abu dhabi grand prix look doomed , even though her grandfather is ready to dip into his savings to help her become a formula one driver .
powell , 21 , from chipping norton , was in the reckoning to drive in the first practice session for caterham but the team 's administrators told sportsmail that they would sign two drivers for the full weekend rather than take on someone extra for one part of it .
alice powell was in reckoning to make her formula one debut for caterham in abu dhabi next weekend .
powell 's grandfather offered to pay # 35,000 for her to race in the first practice session .
powell hoped to line up on the grid alongside fellow brits lewis hamilton , jenson button and max chilton .
maria teresa de filippis : the italian became the first female to race in f1 at 1958 belgian grand prix .
lella lombardi : another italian , raced 17 times in 1974-76 and only female to achieve a top-six finish .
divina galica : the brit was multi-talented , captaining women 's olympic ski team in 1968 and 1972 and driving in three grands prix .
desire wilson : qualified 16th for home grand prix in south africa in 1981 , but retired after her car was damaged .
giovanna amati : rose through f3 and f3000 ranks , though she never qualified for f1 grid .
and the bid of # 35,000 from powell 's grandfather is unlikely to be enough to secure her a race seat .
` we have had five people show real interest in driving , ' said finnbar o'connell , of administrators smith & williamson .
` whichever two are picked will be involved in each practice session .
' while powell 's chance looks to have gone , the door may yet open for another young british driver .
jolyon palmer , son of former f1 driver dr jonathan palmer , is now a front-runner according to one well-placed source .
palmer , 23 , certainly deserves his break after being crowned gp2 champion last month , making him the first british winner of formula one 's feeder series since lewis hamilton eight years ago .
caterham 's administrators launched a ` crowdfunding ' project last week in