nasa has returned some of the most stunning true-colour images of saturn , showing the planet suspended in eternal beauty alongside its largest moon .
the crystal-clear images were produced by nasa 's cassini spacecraft , which has been circling saturn for the last eight years .
titan is one of the most earth-like bodies in the solar system and , even if it is ` just ' a moon , it is bigger than the planet mercury .
the images also capture the changing hues of saturn 's northern and southern hemispheres as they pass from one season to the next .
in many respects , saturn 's largest .
moon , titan , is one of the most earth-like worlds we have found to date .
with .
its thick atmosphere and organic-rich chemistry , titan resembles a .
frozen version of earth , several billion years ago , before life began .
pumping oxygen into our atmosphere .
scroll down for video .
saturn as we generally see it : nasa 's most detailed images yet -lrb- below -rrb- can show us the colour diversity as seasons sweep the planet .
amazing images : titan , saturn 's largest moon , measures 3,200 miles , or 5,150 kilometers , across and is larger than the planet mercury .
artist 's concept : what titan might look like from the surface - a rocky world with liquid lakes .
titan is of great interest to .
scientists because it has a substantial , active atmosphere and complex , .
earth-like processes that shape its surface .
the moon is enveloped by an orange haze of naturally produced photochemical smog that frustratingly obscured its surface prior to cassini 's arrival .
since 2004 , the spacecraft 's observations have taken the study of this unique world into a whole new dimension .
cassini has revealed that titan 's surface is shaped by rivers and lakes of liquid ethane and methane -lrb- the main component of natural gas -rrb- , which forms clouds and occasionally rains from the sky as water does on earth .
winds sculpt vast regions of dark , hydrocarbon-rich dunes that girdle the moon 's equator and low latitudes .
volcanism may occur as well , but with liquid water as the lava .
on its journey to saturn , cassini .
carried the european-built huygens