by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
04:54 est , 7 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:03 est , 7 december 2013 .
a middle-aged man kept his dead mother 's body in a freezer for over six months so he could continue to collect her pension , a court has heard .
philipe brough , 54 , is accused of preventing the lawful and decent burial of pensioner louise brough whose frozen body was discovered by police at her flat in portsmouth .
brough , who was his 90-year-old .
mother 's carer , is alleged to have committed the offences over six .
months before officers made the gruesome find .
macabre : philipe brough is accused of keeping his mother 's dead body in a freezer so he could continue to collect her pension .
he has also been charged with failing to .
tell the department of work & pensions that his mother had died in a .
bid to keep receiving her benefits .
detectives .
initially arrested brough as a murder suspect and quizzed him on fraud .
in connection with the death of his mother in august .
detectives initially arrested brough as a murder suspect and quizzed him on fraud in connection with the death of his mother in august .
but a post-mortem examination later revealed the elderly woman , from portsmouth , hants , had died of natural causes .
her .
son was rearrested on suspicion of obtaining money by deception while .
being questioned by police two days after police discovered her body .
brough was then released on bail , and later charged with preventing the lawful and decent burial of his mother 's body .
both charges run between february 28 and august 13 , portsmouth magistrates court heard.the .
fraud charge relates to an alleged failure to inform the department of .
work & pensions that his mother had died , contrary to the fraud act .
2006 .
brough .
is accused of dishonestly failing to disclose the information in a bid .
to receive benefits that were paid to his mother and to him as her .
carer .
brough , .
who spoke only to confirm details of his name , date-of-birth and .
address , stood alone in the dock during the five-minute hearing .
he