abu hamza told how he ` happy ' he was about the september 11 attacks .
abu hamza told how he ` happy ' he was about the september 11 attacks in a broadcast interview , saying it left muslims and non-muslims around the world rejoicing , according to a tape played for the jury at his terrorism trial on monday .
he did not hesitate when asked about the attack that killed nearly 3,000 people and could be heard casually speaking of the attacks in the undated interview with a canadian broadcaster , even equating what al qaeda did to the hero in american movies .
he is currently on trial in new york after being extradited to the us to face terrorism charges .
` everybody was happy when the planes hit the world trade center , ' hamza said in the interview .
` anybody who tell you he was not happy , they are hypocrites .
' he said the world trade center was a legitimate target because of its role in globalisation .
` it 's the centre of , of , of evil , ' hamza said .
` political and financial evil for the whole world .
' the interview was played after u.s. district judge katherine forrest last week turned down a request by defence lawyers to exclude it from trial on the grounds that it would unfairly prejudice their client .
` expressing clear and unequivocal support for terrorism is no doubt prejudicial , ' the judge said .
` however , the defendant is charged with just those sorts of crimes .
' hamza , 56 , has pleaded not guilty to charges that he conspired to support al qaeda by trying to set up a terrorist training camp in 1999 in oregon .
he also is accused of helping to abduct two american tourists and 14 others in yemen in 1998 .
four hostages died .
he did not hesitate when asked about the attack that killed nearly 3,000 people and could be heard casually speaking of the attacks in the undated interview with a canadian broadcaster , even equating what al qaeda did to the hero in american movies .
the tape was played during the testimony of a terrorism investigator for the prosecutor 's office in manhattan .
` this is what you teach your people in