by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
18:46 est , 30 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
02:36 est , 31 july 2013 .
a missing boy 's mother has dropped a civil lawsuit against the child 's stepmother whom she believes kidnapped him , but she vows to keep searching for her son .
oregon woman desiree young filed the $ 10 million suit against terri horman last year , alleging the stepmother kidnapped kyron horman , who vanished three years ago when he was seven-year-old .
on tuesday , she dropped the case , saying it could n't move forward without information the police wo n't release because of the ongoing criminal investigation into the boy 's disappearance .
but , in a press conference in portland , young begged the court to order horman to return her son or say where his body is .
scroll down for video .
still fighting : desiree young , pictured on tuesday , announced she has dropped a civil lawsuit against her son 's stepmother whom she believes kidnapped him , but she vows to keep searching for her son .
devastated : kyron horman was 7 when he disappeared from school in june 2010 .
no arrests have been made .
she said she has never given up hope that he will be found alive .
` every day you are not here safe in my arms is another day of agonizing torture , ' she said .
' i will find you .
it 's all i want .
i will not stop .
i will never stop .
' young announced her decision to withdraw the lawsuit tuesday after a hearing before a multnomah county judge , according to kgw.com .
kyron horman disappeared from his portland school in june 2010 .
no arrests have been made .
horman has n't commented on young 's allegation , but the desperate mother urged her again to cooperate on tuesday .
appealing to the woman directly she said : ` terry , i can not tolerate this silence .
' she said that horman continues to stonewall investigators .
` i 'm still going to bring pressure on terri .
i 'm not going away , ' young said .
prime suspect : terri horman , left , the stepmother of kyron horman , right