by .
daily mail reporter .
updated : .
12:44 est , 27 october 2011 .
a pair of transgender lesbians today told of their joy at becoming man and wife , and also wife and wife , on the same day - after one had a sex-change .
jenny-anne bishop , 65 , formerly called paul , and elen heart , 68 , who was once named alan , initially got together as a male gay couple in 2004 .
the pair , who are both divorced and have five grown-up children between them , lived together in clwyd , wales , for six years as transgender lesbians .
just married : jenny-anne -lrb- right -rrb- and elen -lrb- left -rrb- pose with their transgender bridesmaid gabrielle -lrb- centre -rrb- outside the metropolitan community church in manchester today .
but the couple decided against surgery due to the associated risks at their age until last year - when jenny-anne went under the knife for a gender reassignment op .
father-of-two jenny-anne went on to have a breast augmentation procedure this january followed by facial feminisation surgery .
the couple have now officially tied the knot as ` husband and wife ' after opting for a private civil ceremony in north wales .
retired graphic designer elen , who takes herbal hormones to make her appearance more feminine , took on the role of groom and wore a silky red dress and bright red high heels .
the couple refer to father-of-three elen - who started living as a woman in 2004 - as the ` groomness ' .
retired product sales manager jenny-anne wore a strapless cream bridal gown complete with a train and a tiara and took on the part of bride .
they were officially announced as husband and wife in front of four close friends , who attended as witnesses .
the retired newlyweds then had a gay wedding service at the metropolitan community church in manchester , where transgender friend gabrielle was their bridesmaid .
the couple tied the knot as ` husband and wife ' in a registry office before having a church blessing .
pucker up : jenny-anne -lrb- right -rrb- was married for 31 years before she divorced in 2000 .
elen is twice divorced .
jenny-anne said : ` it was a beautiful weekend .
we had so much support and