by .
nina golgowski .
published : .
10:25 est , 13 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:54 est , 13 march 2013 .
terminated : gresham elementary school principal tom klansnic claims he is losing his job of 10 years because of his sexual orientation .
a beloved elementary school principal in oregon claims he 's being forced from the job after coming out as gay sparking anger among parents but no comment from his school district .
tom klansnic has worked as principal of north gresham elementary school for the last 10 years but this year will be his last according to a vote by the school board last week without a reason for his abrupt termination cited .
during his seventh year as principal in 2010 , mr klansnic and his wife divorced with him soon after revealing to family and friends that he is gay .
it 's after that admission , his attorney judy snyder says , that his supervisors treatment toward him dramatically changed .
` he 's .
been a very successful principal and he 's continued to be a very .
successful principal even under close scrutiny of the last two years , ' ms snyder told koin .
before that , the suburban portland district had twice renewed his contract without performance complaints , said ms snyder .
` he 's .
had a great deal of difficulty getting specifics as to what he has .
failed to do to meet performance expectations , ' she said .
officials of the gresham barlow school district said they could n't comment because it 's a personnel matter .
scroll down for video .
issues : the suburban portland school district had twice renewed the principal 's contract without performance complaints his lawyer claims and now refuses to share any new ones .
' i think it is unfortunate , ' parent denise mccloud told the associated press on thursday during a public vote by the school board that reaffirmed his termination .
' i do n't see how anyone 's sexual orientation has anything to do with the job that they do .
' capri parker , president of the school 's parent-teacher group also agrees saying that nothing in his job performance which she has access to would suggest an issue .
` he is a fabulous principal