by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
19:04 est , 30 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
19:23 est , 30 january 2014 .
one in five britons wants to stop using cash , a study has found .
the research was undertaken after five leading banks said they would allow account holders to make payments to friends and retailers with their mobile phones .
the findings by consumer analysts mintel showed 18 per cent of britainâ $ ™ s internet users would prefer to go completely cashless .
one in five britons wants to stop using cash , a study has found .
the research was undertaken after five leading banks said they would allow account holders to make payments to friends and retailers with their mobile phones .
over a third -lrb- 38 per cent -rrb- were interested in making mobile payments â $ `` and an enthusiastic 8 per cent said they would apply right away .
support for a cashless society is greatest in london , where 30 per cent of residents said they were ready to say goodbye to cash .
toby clark , director of research at mintel , said this was because london already had the infrastructure , and added : â $ ˜a major shift is on the horizon , and the integration of mobiles into payments has only just begun .
over a third -lrb- 38 per cent -rrb- were interested in making mobile payments - and an enthusiastic 8 per cent said they would apply right away .
` as mobile payment and wallet services become more widely available , and more intuitive and efficient to use , it will be difficult for consumers to resist adopting them .
` while just eight per cent of brits claim they would apply for a mobile payment system straight away , across an adult population of around 50 million adults , that still represents a potential user base of four million people : there is a huge market out there if providers are able to come up with a product that represents a tangible upgrade to existing technology .
' support for a cashless society is greatest in london where 30 per cent of residents would be happy to stop using cash altogether .
however , the figure declines to just 13 per cent of those living in