by .
sarah fitzmaurice .
last updated at 3:23 pm on 11th january 2012 .
he might be up for a number of gongs .
this awards season but george clooney is the real winner because he gets .
to attend all the events with his gorgeous girlfriend .
stacy keibler looked stunning as she .
arrived with her man at the 2011 national board of review awards gala .
tonight - where he also picked up the gong for best actor for the .
descendants .
the couple arrived at cipriani 42nd .
street in new york city and as ever clooney and his girl were in high .
demand from the crowds of fans .
scroll down for list of winners ... golden couple : stacy keibler looked gorgeous as she arrived with george clooney at the 2011 national board of review awards gala at cipriani 42nd street .
hand in hand : george and stacy arrive to the ceremony linking hands .
the 32-year-old former wrestler .
looked stunning in a figure-hugging black gown by marchesa which .
boasted jewelled detail around the neckline .
the aspiring actress paired the dress with brian atwood heels and a sparkling hard jimmy choo clutch bag .
the blonde beauty showed off her hair teased into a loose up ` do and a flash of scarlet red lipstick finished off her look .
golden couple : the 32-year-old former wrestler looked stunning in a figure-hugging black gown by marchesa which boasted jewelled detail around the neckline , while george looked dapper in his tuxedo .
in demand : george was seen signing autographs while stacy held back chatting to other attendees on the red carpet .
the man of the moment : the actor seemed more than happy to oblige his fans .
as ever george was looking .
dapper in his tuxedo and bow tie and happily obliged many fans with .
autographs as the pair made their way to the event .
chloe moretz stepped out in a bright red set miu miu resort ensemble with a thin black waist belt for the event .
the teenager accesorised with a cute glittering headband and aqua blue nails for the occasion .
lady in red : chloe moretz stepped out in an all-stain miu miu resort ensemble with a thin black waist belt for the event .
she 's