by .
ashley collman .
teacher arrested : former greer high school choir teacher jessica bollinger was arrested last week after admitting to having sex with a student ` at least five times ' but insists the affair happened after he graduated .
a 31-year-old former choir teacher at a high school in south carolina was arrested this week after admitting to having sex with a student ` at least five times ' .
the principal of greer high school confronted 31-year-old teacher jessica bollinger last november , following allegations that she had sex with a former student .
bollinger told the principal that she had sex with the student , now 18 , ` at least five times ' but that their relationship started after he graduated .
bollinger was officially put on suspension pending an investigation into the allegations on november 20 , and she resigned two days later .
now law enforcement officials are charging bollinger with sexual battery , saying she had sex with the student months before he graduated - when he was still 17 .
they say the relationship started on october 1 , 2012 and lasted until the following june 5 , 2013 .
though 17 is the age of consent , in south carolina it is still illegal for a teacher to have sex with a student .
bollinger had been a teacher at greer high school since august 2004 .
following bollinger 's arrest , the school made a statement which read : ` ms jessica bollinger , former choral teacher at greer high school , resigned friday afternoon , nov 22 , during the course of the district 's investigation of the allegations .
crossing the line : police investigators believe that the affair started when the student was still 17 and in high school .
in south carolina , it 's illegal for a teacher to have sex with a student .
charged : greer was arrested thursday and charged with sexual battery with a student 16 or 17 year old , no aggravated force or coercion .
above , jessica 's home in greer .
` she had been placed on administrative leave on nov 20 pending investigation by the school district and law enforcement .
district officials will report their findings to the state department of education to take action regarding her teaching certificate .
' bollinger