by .
steve nolan .
published : .
08:02 est , 26 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:19 est , 26 april 2013 .
it is the inspiration behind an iconic fantasy castle which has enchanted children and adults across the world for decades .
and now a stunning french palace said to have helped inspire the creation of walt disney 's magical cinderella castle could be all yours - it 's up for sale for # 18million .
with its lavish art noveau interior and decked out in head to toe with pyrenean marble , the chateau d'aubiry really is a fairy-tale home and is attracting the attention of billionaire moguls and euromillions lottery winners .
but the beautiful 19th century masterpiece looks nothing like disney 's interpretation of a castle fit for a princess .
fairy tale home : the chateau d'aubiry , said to have been one of the inspirations behind walt disney 's cinderella castle , is up for sale for # 18million .
inspiration : the chateau , pictured left , is said to be one of a number of castles that inspired walt disney 's iconic castle , right .
the chateau , located on the les aspres mountain chain in the pyrenees close to the town of perpignan , boasts 15 bedrooms , a chapel , vineyards , a wine cellar and more than 12 acres of sprawling yet immaculately kept gardens .
the 26,910 square foot property , which was built by former baker and cigarette paper inventor jean bardou , is on the market with zenith sotheby 's and is said to have attracted quite a stir among interested parties .
a source at the prestigious estate agent said : ` the fabulous home has superb panoramic views facing south and is protected by the mountains from the infamous tramontane winds .
` it is all lavishly decorated in the style art nouveau and has all the luxurious features that anyone could dream of .
` there has been plenty of interested parties who have expressed an interest - it really is a once in a lifetime chance to own such a property .
' stunning : the chateau is decked out with pyrenean marble throughout and beautiful works of art .
has potential : as well as the main building , the chateau has a number of