perched atop their trusty and in some cases fairly serious motorbikes , women in traditional moroccan dress , including abayas and hijabs , face the camera with steely stares .
many displaying an impressive attitude and wearing bright sunglasses , the women are framed by the rich and vibrant colours of their african heritage .
photographed as part of an exhibition named ` kesh angels these striking images capture the vibrant street culture of morocco and pay tribute to the biker culture of the young women of marrakesh .
scroll down for video .
hassan says that though the concept of a biker gang is imagined , the cities passion for motorcycles is very much a reality .
hassan used the vibrant colours of marrakesh as his inspiration for the clothes and as his back drop .
perch atop some fairly serious motor bikes , women in abayas and hijabs face the camera with aplomb .
though not part of the problem gangs that do exist in the city and perpetuate crime , these women still possess a fierce attitude and a formidable presence .
usually found painting henna on tourists in marrakesh 's main square , the women represent the blending of traditional cultures and modern feminism , with many speaking numerous languages and working full time alongside being a mother .
created by moroccan - born , uk-based artist hassan hajjaj the exhibition is currently on display in the taymour grahne gallery in new york .
speaking to vice magazine , hassan says that though the concept of a biker gang is imagined , the cities passion for motorcycles is very much a reality , and his inspiration for the series .
the frames for the photographs using products or objects hassan found in markets : cans of fanta , tins , or boxes of chicken stock .
usually found painting henna on tourists in marrakesh ¿ s main square , the women in the photos represent the blending of traditional cultures and modern feminism .
many displaying an impressive attitude and wearing bright sunglasses , the women are surrounded by the rich and vibrant colours of their african heritage in the exhibition on display at the taymour grahne gallery .
` marrakech is really a bike city ; everyone rides them .
women , kids , old men , families , everybody .
it 's transportation ;