a host of celebrities and fashionistas from all walks of life are milling about the streets of new york during mercedes-benz fashion week .
but where 's a celeb to stay ?
and more importantly , where do us lesser mortals go if we want to rub shoulders with the rich and famous .
with so much choice in new york for chic , luxurious hotels , mailonline travel rounds up the ` hotels most likely to ... ' and explores the most popular hang-outs for the rich and famous .
scroll down for video .
the carlyle , a rosewood hotel .
new york : designer of the moment victoria beckham has stayed here .
people to see , places to go : eva longoria -lrb- left -rrb- and david beckham -lrb- right -rrb- leaving their new york hotels to head off to the latest catwalk show .
the carlyle , a rosewood hotel .
who goes : designer du jour victoria beckham , nicole kidman , mick jagger , jack nicholson , leonardo di caprio .
jfk even had an apartment here way back when and princess diana booked a suite here once - all perhaps drawn by the hotel 's strict policy on discretion .
located on madison avenue , the carlyle , a rosewood is a new york landmark .
luxury suites with stylish separate bedrooms , elegant furnishings and views of beautiful interior courtyards abound .
the hotel also showcases art and sets itself up as a sanctuary of refined taste .
hotel highlights include the café carlyle , the gallery restaurant , and sense spa .
out and about in new york : rihanna -lrb- left -rrb- appears to watch the newest designs at new york fashion week , and liv tyler is captured in relaxed mode on the streets of her city .
the empire hotel : the empire 's hip rooftop bar is a draw for celebrities and it 's in a nightlife hotspot .
the empire hotel : just across the street from lincoln centre , where models strut the catwalk during nyfw .
the empire hotel .
who goes : heidi klum , amber tamblyn , whitney port .
empire 's hip rooftop bar is a draw for celebrities who fancy some late night partying .
open year-round and with stunning views of the upper west side , the hotel