by .
associated press reporter .
an arizona woman convicted of fatally beating her husband with a hammer will spend the rest of her life in prison , a judge ruled friday , as he denied her request for a chance at parole after serving 25 years .
the jury that convicted marissa devault in the january 2009 killing of dale harrell had spared her the death penalty in late april and instead handed down a life sentence .
it was up to a judge to formally impose the sentence and decide whether devault would have a chance at parole .
maricopa county superior court judge roland steinle heard tearful pleas for leniency from devault 's three daughters , but he picked the harsher punishment .
marissa devault , convicted of fatally beating her husband with a hammer , cries as she listens to testimony during her sentencing friday , june 6 , 2014 , in phoenix .
she will spend the rest of her life in jail .
marissa devault 's request for parole after 25 years was denied by a phoenix judge on friday and she was instead sentenced to life .
murdered : devault was found guilty in april of brutally beating her .
husband dale harrell -lrb- pictured -rrb- to death in 2009 , while trying to repay .
$ 300,000 in loans to her ` sugar-daddy ' boyfriend .
steinle said he rejected devault 's claim that she committed the murder because she was a victim of domestic violence and instead noted that he believes she killed him out of greed .
` there is nothing in this record of the defendant that would justify parole , ' steinle said , adding that he did n't believe she was remorseful .
prosecutors say devault , 36 , killed harrell in a failed bid to collect on a life insurance policy to repay about $ 300,000 in loans from her boyfriend .
devault said she killed her husband in self-defense and told investigators he had physically and sexually abused her in the past .
harrell , 34 , died nearly a month later at a hospice because of complications from his head injuries .
devault , wearing a jail uniform , sat in the courtroom 's jury box as harrell 's relatives asked the judge to deny her the possibility of parole .
devault tilted her