by .
sarah griffiths .
published : .
13:42 est , 16 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:43 est , 16 july 2013 .
adults in child-like bodies temporarily living in a specially-designed virtual environment start to see the world like they did when they were young , according to spanish scientists .
researchers from the university of barcelona found that when they placed adults in a virtual body of a four-year-old , adults participating in the experiment identified with child-like attributes and began overestimating the size of objects .
the scientists believe their research , published in pnas , could be used to trigger forgotten childhood memories .
adults in child-like bodies temporarily living in a specially-designed virtual world -lrb- pictured -rrb- , see the world more like they did when they were young , according to spanish scientists .
as reported by bbc news , to participate in the study , adults donned a motion-capture suit to track their body movements and a special head-mounted display to enable them to move around their new virtual world just as they would normally .
it is generally accepted that the human brain is ` accommodating of illusory changes ' so if a person moves at the same time as their virtual character , they feel as if they are really traveling through that virtual world .
mel slater led the team at the university , which found that participants reacted differently in situations depending on whether they were inhabiting the virtual body of a four-year-old compared to an adult 's body merely scaled down to the same size as a child 's .
to participate in the study , adults .
donned a motion-capture suit to track their body movements and a special .
head-mounted display to enable them to move around their new virtual .
world just as they would normally .
while 'em bodiment illusions ' are known to make surrounding objects seem larger if a person is placed in a smaller virtual body , the scientists were surprised that those in a child 's body overestimated the sizes of objects to a much larger extent .
when faced with a choice of two rooms to enter , adults in child-like bodies chose a matching room .
they were also asked to categorise themselves as having child-like or adult-like attributes .
those in the child