a mississippi man believes that a hairless , dog-like animal he shot on his property is n't a dog at all - according to matthew harrell , the animal he killed is the legendary chupacabra , a ferocious creature that most animal experts agree is a nothing more than an urban legend .
mr. harrell was ` coon hunting ' at his home in leake county when he first was confronted by the four-legged beast .
at first , he thought the animal was a raccoon , or coyote - his neighbor reported that the animal already had killed three of his chickens .
his opinion quickly changed when - according to mr. harrell - he noticed that the animal had glowing red eyes and that it appeared aggressive .
scroll down for video .
legend : a mississippi man says this animal killed on his property is a legendary chupacabra .
convinced : hunter matt hewharrell is certain that the animal he killed is a chupacabra .
` this one just was n't lunging .
he was down like a cat , ' harrell told .
wjtv-tv .
` when i was standing right yonder , he hit right here .
and i was .
seeing the teeth and red eyes .
it looked like he was going to jump down .
there and i did n't give him the chance .
' mr. harrell shot the animal with a .22 - calibur rifle .
he then shot it again to make sure he 'd killed it .
the animal , mr. harrell noticed , is nearly hairless and has nails much longer than a dog 's .
he 's convinced the animal is a chupacabra .
` my dog , even when it 's dead , my dog 's been scared of it , ' mr. harrell says of the animal .
chupacabra translates from spanish to ` goat-sucker , ' in reference to the legendary animal 's affinity for sucking the blood of live animals , particularly domesticated goats .
the legend of the chupacabra date back to 1995 in puerto rico , where many local farmers claimed to have seen the animal after finding their livestock had been killed .
myth : this illustration shows how the chupacabra is depicted in modern mythology .
claws : hewharrell insists that the animal 's claws are much longer