by .
sarah griffiths for mailonline .
whale song , wolf howls , frog croaks and bird chirps are complex forms of communication - just like human speech , according to new research .
these creatures may not be able to master advanced language techniques , but their unique calls are much more than just random noises , a study shows .
the ` speech ' of seven different species of birds and mammals found they appear to be generated by processes similar to how we speak .
monkey business : oranguatans may not be able to master advanced language techniques , but their unique calls are much more than just random noises , a study shows .
the mockingbird , for example , can mimic more than 100 distinct song types of different species , and the long string of wails and snorts of the from a rock hyrax - a type of badger - signify male territory .
the study .
suggests there may be a ` missing link ' on the path from animal .
communication to human language that has not yet been found .
` multiple .
studies are finding more and more stepping stones that seem to bridge .
this gap , ' said dr arik kershenbaum , from the national institute for .
mathematical and biological synthesis in knoxville , tennessee .
dr kershenbaum said uncovering the process could help scientists understand the origin of human language .
love birds : scientists conducting the study looked for evidence of markovian noises in the noises made by seven creatures - chickadees , finches -lrb- pictured -rrb- , bats , orangutans , killer whales , pilot whales , and hyraxes .
but while the vocalisations suggest language-like characteristics , scientists have found it difficult to figure out the complexity .
typically , they have assumed the sequence of animal calls is generated by a simple event called a ` markov process ' , named after a russian mathematician eighty years ago , which is dependent on what happened last .
earlier .
this year a bbc documentary called ` talk to the animals ' investigated .
how creatures , ranging from fireflies to hippos , talk to one another .
presenter .
lucy cooke , an oxford zoologist , said : ` ever since i was a kid i have .
longed to be a