ballon d'or winner cristiano ronaldo hit the headlines for all the wrong reasons on saturday when he was given a straight red card for kicking out at edimar fraga during real madrid 's 2-1 win over cordoba .
ronaldo , who also appeared to slap fullback jose crespo during the match , has clearly had better days at the office and looks set for a minimum two game ban for his antics .
but it 's not the first time the explosive attacker has seen red , as sportsmail takes a look a look back the portuguese winger 's fiery side .
ballon d'or winner cristiano ronaldo is shown red following an altercation during the games against cordoba .
ronaldo kicks out at cordoba 's edima fraga before being sent off at the nuevo arcangel stadium .
a frustrated ronaldo appears to lash out at cordoba defender jose angel crespo during the 2-1 win .
aston villa 0-2 manchester united .
after scoring twice on the final day of the 2004 season , ronaldo was sent off after receiving two yellow cards for simulation .
however , his first booking was retrospectively rescinded meaning he did not serve a suspension .
ronaldo opened the scoring against aston villa in 2004 but was later sent off during the game at villa park .
ronaldo was sent off for two cases of simulation against aston villa but later saw them rescinded .
manchester city 3-1 manchester united .
cristiano was shown a straight red card in the derby with manchester city following a late challenge on ex united player andy cole .
it was to prove costly as united went on to lose the derby 3-1 with darius vassell and trevor sinclair among the goals .
a fresh faced ronaldo is given his marching orders by referee steve bennett during the manchester derby .
portsmouth 1-1 manchester united .
ronaldo received a red card and a three match ban after appearing to headbutt portsmouth midfielder richard hughes during manchester united 's 1-1 draw at fratton park .
ronaldo fails to enjoy his day by the seaside as he is shown a red card against portsmouth .
ronaldo grapples with matt taylor before being given his marching orders during united 's draw at fratton park .
manchester city 0-1 manchester united .
yet another manchester derby provided yet another red card for ronaldo