experts predict 2015 will be the year when people forsake gadgets , social networks and other technology in favour of a simpler lifestyle .
having the latest gadget or app has been a status symbol for years , but all that could be about to change .
experts predict 2015 will be the year when people forsake gadgets , social networks and other technology in favour of the simple life .
recent figures have already revealed that certain social networks are losing favour , and now a digital trends report believes we are entering the era of the ` neo-luddite ' .
the prediction was made by london-based communications agency hotwire in its sixth annual digital trends report .
` while there are many early adopters out there scrambling around to get their hands on the latest smartwatch or iphone , there are a group of much cooler kids working out ways to kill tech altogether , ' explained the report .
` welcome to the era of the neo-luddite .
they 're here to make sure you switch off .
' one reason given for the decline is the growing irritation of adverts on apps , sites and other screens .
` overall we accept that there is an unspoken contract between us and the web , ' continued the report .
` we can access content for free , in exchange , brands can make us look at adverts for a bit of time .
` but there are a growing number of people who want to take that virtual contract , burn it and dance around its ashes .
` so much so that they will be more than happy to part with a bit of up front capital in exchange for the facility to get rid of adverts from their online experience altogether .
` ad blocking , as it 's known , is at an all-time high .
what 's more it 's not grumpy 40-something it managers that are doing this - it 's the youth .
' neo-luddite is a slang term used to describe someone who believes that using science and technology has moral and social implications .
it is used to describe those who are considered to be anti-technology , or those who dislike or have a difficult time understanding and using modern science and technology .
one reason given for