under threat : a man from kiribati in the pacific is trying to claim asylum in new zealand on the grounds that he is fleeing the effects of climate change .
a man from one of the earth 's lowest-lying nations is trying to convince judges he and his family are refugees .
but he admits they are not fleeing persecution ; instead , he says , they are trying to escape the disastrous effects of climate change .
the 37-year-old and his wife left his remote atoll in the pacific nation of kiribati six years ago for drier land in new zealand , where their three children were born .
but immigration authorities have twice rejected his argument that rising sea levels make too dangerous for him and his family to return to his homeland .
on october 16 , the man 's lawyer , michael kidd , plans to argue the case before new zealand 's high court .
mr kidd , who specialises in human rights cases , told the associated press he will appeal the case all the way to the country 's supreme court if necessary .
legal experts consider the man 's case a long shot , but it will nevertheless be closely watched , and might have implications for tens of millions of residents in low-lying territories around the world .
kiribati , an impoverished string of 33 coral atolls about halfway between hawaii and australia , is home to about 103,000 people and has been identified by scientists as among the nations most vulnerable to climate change .
in a transcript of the immigration case obtained by the ap , the i-kiribati man describes extreme high tides known as king tides that he says have started to regularly breach kiribati 's coastal defences .
these inundations of saltwater , he says , kill crops , flood homes and sicken the country 's people .
new zealand 's immigration laws prevent the ap from naming the asylum seeker .
he said that starting around 1998 , king tides began regularly breaching the sea walls around his village , which was overcrowded and had no sewerage system .
the fouled drinking water would make people vomit , he said , and there was no higher ground that would allow villagers to escape the knee-deep water .
he claimed that returning to the island would