by .
emma innes .
published : .
12:17 est , 28 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:17 est , 28 february 2013 .
a baby has cheated death after she was randomly chosen to have a new blood test .
five-month-old habul khatoon was one of 430,000 babies chosen by doctors at sheffield children 's hospital to be screened for five serious conditions .
the test showed that habul has the rare metabolic condition , maple syrup urine disease -lrb- msud -rrb- , which causes a potentially fatal build up of amino acids in the blood .
as soon as the results came in the seriously ill baby was rushed to hospital , where they discovered she was just hours from death .
habul khatoon -lrb- pictured with her mother , fahmeeda -rrb- was diagnosed with maple syrup urine disease when she was just hours from death .
her mother , fahmeeda khatoon , said : ` it was a big shock to begin with .
the nurses called me on the phone and then a few minutes later they were at the door .
` they called an ambulance straight away to take habul into hospital .
at this point she was n't crying , she was lethargic and already in a coma-like state .
' mrs khatoon , who lives in birmingham , had a normal pregnancy and only realised there was something wrong when her daughter did not settle like normal babies .
msud is so rare , and symptoms are initially so broad , that any number of ailments could have been causing the symptoms .
` she was trying to cry but she was n't able to .
we did n't know what to do , ' said mrs khatoon .
however , the child was saved because she took part in the newborn screening just six days after she was born .
two days later , when habul was eight-days-old , the results came back showing that she had msud , a genetic disorder which stops the body breaking down parts of proteins called amino acids .
the test identified high levels of the amino acid leucine in habul 's blood , a condition which can lead to coma , brain damage and death if not treated .
sheer luck : habul was only diagnosed because she was selected for