by .
nina golgowski .
published : .
08:39 est , 27 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:48 est , 27 march 2013 .
a university is under fire after a class assignment instructed its students to write the word ` jesus ' on a piece of paper , throw it on the floor and then stomp on it .
florida gov rick scott has now demanded an investigation into the ` offensive ' assignment after a florida atlantic university professor allegedly threw a student out of his class for refusing to participate .
ryan rotela , a junior at fau 's davie campus who describes himself as a devout mormon , says it was his refusal to participate that led to his suspension .
scroll down for video .
assignment : ryan rotela , a junior at florida atlantic university , says his intercultural communication professor instructed him to write the word jesus on a piece of paper like seen here .
refusal : after her wrote it down he was then told to place it on the floor and then stomp on it , an act he says he refused to do , leading to his suspension .
` anytime you stomp on something it shows that you believe that something has no value .
so if you were to stomp on the word jesus , it says that the word has no value , ' mr rotela told cbs12 .
the assignment instructed in dr. deandre poole 's intercultural communication class was meant to demonstrate the power of words and symbols , according to the exercise .
` this exercise is a bit sensitive , but really drives home the point that even though symbols are arbitrary , they take on very strong and emotional meanings , ' the exercise taken from st. norbert college communications professor jim neuliep reads .
` most will hesitate .
ask why they ca n't step on the paper .
discuss the importance of symbols in culture .
' mr rotela said he went to speak with his professor 's supervisor two days after , and found himself suspended .
threatened : mr rotela , who describes himself as a devout mormon , says that after he returned with an attorney from the texas-based liberty institute his school apologized .
apology : the university has since apologized calling