dawn bainbridge -lrb- pictured -rrb- led a ` family business ' stealing thousands of pounds worth of clothes from high street stores before selling them on .
a mother-of-two branded ` fagin ' made almost # 50,000 in a lucrative family shoplifting firm with her daughters - and now they have been told to pay back just # 1 each .
dawn bainbridge , 47 , of west rainton , county durham , led a ` family business ' that saw her and her two daughters steal thousands of pounds worth of clothes from high street stores across the north and sell them online through facebook .
their company ` designer goods north east ' took more than # 7,000 in online payments in just four months , had detailed sales records and even a debters ' book .
in a note seized by police , one daughter boasted of making # 100 a week and said she dreamed of going it alone .
at newcastle crown court last year judge sean morris jailed bainbridge for 30 months , her daughter claire bainbridge , 21 , for 20 months and other daughter caitlyn bainbridge , 19 , to 16 months behind bars .
the mother , who is still serving her sentence , and two daughters , who have since been released , were back in court today for a hearing under the proceeds of crime act .
prosecutor bridie smurthwaite told the court the mother made # 15,017 , claire made # 26,180 and caitlyn made # 7,476 from their illegal enterprise .
the court heard none of the women have any assets that can be seized or sold so they were ordered to pay back just # 1 each .
miss smurthwaite told the court : ` there are confiscation orders in the sum of # 1 , that sum to be paid within 28 days .
' the mother was allowed 56 days to pay back her # 1 as she is the only one still in custody .
the women face up to seven days behind bars if they fail to pay the # 1 each on time .
claire bainbridge , 21 , -lrb- pictured left -rrb- and sister caitlyn bainbridge , 19 , -lrb- right -rrb- were both ordered to pay # 1 each .
during sentencing last year the judge slammed bainbridge 's