by .
will stewart in moscow .
published : .
19:13 est , 15 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:42 est , 15 june 2013 .
on the run : sergei polonsky has been posting pictures of himself on twitter since he skipped bail .
a missing businessman who should be the star witness in a trial featuring media tycoon alexander lebedev has been put on russia 's ` wanted ' list after being charged in connection with a # 121 million fraud and theft case .
sergei polonsky is accused of embezzling millions in downpayments from potential residents of a luxury residential development in moscow .
polonsky , who is believed to be hiding in israel , failed to appear before police investigators last week in moscow .
his absence is now set to trigger a hunt by interpol and demands for his extradition to russia .
the property mogul has apparently .
been on the run after skipping bail following his arrest in cambodia .
over an allegation of assault .
he .
has since taunted investigators by tweeting a series of pictures of .
himself in exotic places .
one of the latest , posted on june 8 , shows him .
in a boat in what looks like a location in the far east .
the .
fraud charges ` have been brought in absentia through his lawyer ' , .
according to a spokesman for the russian interior ministry , who added .
that polonsky could be imprisoned for ten years if found guilty .
polonsky 's .
arraignment in a major fraud case highlights the increasing sense of .
fiasco over the trial of lebedev , 53 , whose family owns the independent .
newspapers and london evening standard .
lebedev , who also owns russia 's only major independent investigative newspaper , is accused of hooliganism motivated by political hatred in hitting out at polonsky during a confrontation on a tv talk show .
lebedev 's legal team has branded the moscow trial a ` farce ' , yet it is due to continue on friday .
many believe that the hooliganism charge , which carries a penalty of up to five years in jail , is part of a crackdown ordered by president vladimir putin on his enemies and critics .
on trial : russian media magnate alexander lebedev