this is the 12-sided # 1 coin that will replace the version that 's been in circulation for more than 30 years in 2017 .
experts say the new , bi-metallic coin , which will be in two colours , will be the most secure coin in circulation in the world .
the striking design featuring a rose , leek , thistle and shamrock emerging from a royal coronet was created by 15-year-old schoolboy david pearce , who won a royal mint competition .
scroll down for video .
the new 12-sided # 1 coin design that will replace the current version , designed by 15-year-old david pearce .
the current # 1 coin has been in circulation since 1983 - much longer than the normal life cycle of a modern british coin .
its technology is said to be no longer suitable for a coin of its value , leaving it vulnerable to ever more sophisticated counterfeiters .
more than 6,000 people entered the competition to design the new coin .
david pearce , of queen mary 's grammar school in walsall , was surprised by a phone call from the chancellor this week telling him he had won .
his design features the four well-known symbols of the uk emerging from a royal coronet .
the royal mint estimates that about three per cent of all # 1 coins - or a staggering 45 million - are now forgeries .
in some parts of the uk , the figure is as high as six per cent .
over the past few years , around two million counterfeit # 1 coins have been removed from circulation each year .
george osborne meeting with children who entered the competition at number 11 downing street yesterday .
in a nod to britain 's heritage , it is the same shape as the 12-sided threepenny or thrupenny bit , which was in circulation from 1937 until decimalisation in 1971 and was in the first group of coins ever to feature the portrait of queen elizabeth ii .
the threepenny bit was the first british coin to use a 12-sided shape , which was popular during the second world war since its distinctive size and shape made it the easiest coin to recognise during the blackout .
the new # 1 coin will affect many aspects of daily life , including vending machines