by .
hugo gye .
published : .
11:07 est , 10 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:52 est , 10 april 2013 .
` bright young star ' : promising scientist katharine giles , 35 , was killed in a road accident this week .
a brilliant young climate scientist was this week crushed to death by a truck while cycling to work through central london .
katharine giles , who has presented her work to mps , was killed by the massive vehicle as it made a left turn in rush hour traffic near victoria station on monday morning .
dr giles was a researcher and lecturer at university college london , recently named the fourth best university in the world .
the 35-year-old last year addressed .
politicians on the problems of fresh water storage in the arctic , which .
was one of the focuses of her research .
she had worked at the centre for polar observation and modelling at ucl since taking her phd from the university in 2005 .
it .
is the second tragedy to hit the department in 2013 , after its director .
seymour laxon died of a brain haemorrhage when he fell down a flight of .
stairs in the early hours of new year 's day .
dr .
giles , who worked closely with him and had been tipped to become his .
successor , took over some of his research after his death and had .
published papers in a number of prestigious journals .
her .
work included exploring the link between wind flow and melting ice , and .
she was awarded a fellowship from the natural environment .
research council .
horrific : dr giles 's mangled bicycle lying in the road near victoria station in central london on monday morning .
the head of dr giles 's department , philip meredith , said : ` it is with great sadness that i can confirm that our talented friend and colleague , katharine giles , died in a road traffic accident while cycling to work on monday of this week .
` coming so soon after the accidental death of katharine 's own closest colleague , seymour laxon , we are all left with a sense of the outrageous unfairness with which some of our best colleagues have been taken