by .
snejana farberov .
published : .
15:47 est , 1 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:39 est , 2 november 2013 .
the man accused of going on a deadly rampage apparently targeting tsa agents inside los angeles international airport has been named as paul anthony ciancia .
a motive .
for the fatal shooting was n't clear but ciancia was wearing fatigues and carrying a bag .
containing a handwritten note that said he ` wanted to kill tsa and .
pigs ' and that may have made a reference to a conspiracy theory about a totalitarian force trying to take over the world , according to a federal official who wished to remain anonymous .
friends and former classmates are now trying to connect the quiet young man who was sometimes the target of bullies , with the apparent anti-government attacker who opened fire and killed a tsa agent .
scroll down for video .
identified : paul anthony ciancia has been named as the gunman in the lax airport shooting .
caught : ciancia , who was shot in the head during a standoff with police , was handcuffed to a gurney .
` he kept to himself and ate lunch alone a lot , ' said former classmate david hamilton , who attended salesianum school with ciancia .
' i really do n't remember any one person who was close to him ... .
in four years , i never heard a word out of his mouth , ' hamilton told the los angeles times .
` he was quiet and people would take advantage of that .
' welfare check : officers visited ciancia 's apartment after his father raised concerns .
another .
former classmate ; jeff skidmore , said that ciancia may have had a speech .
impediment and did not like speaking in front of the class .
skidmore .
told the paper that he did not remember ciancia ever being bullied , .
saying instead that he was just left alone by his peers .
a different federal official said that it was clear from the note that he expected to die in the standoff .
` this was clearly a suicide mission ... he did not expect to walk away from this , ' the official told usa today .
the 23-year-old gunman is said