alexa chung showed her fashion allegiance to designers north of the border at the scottish fashion awards last night opting for an ensemble designed by christopher kane .
sticking to her signature style the model opted for an over-sized white shirt and floral print silk dress from the designer 's spring / summer 2012 collection teamed with tan suede brogues .
doctor who star karen .
gillan , d&g model david gandy and face of chanel stella tennant were .
among others to attend the seventh annual red carpet event , held at the clyde auditorium .
in glasgow .
scroll down for video .
alexa chung arrived on the red carpet to host the scottish fashion awards wearing christopher kane designs .
taking to the stage alexa presented christopher kane with the evening 's top prize , scottish fashion designer of the year 2012 .
the 29-year-old st martin 's graduate who has had global .
success with his signature graphic silk prints , beat off competition from two-time winner jonathan saunders .
he said : ' i am extremely proud and grateful to receive my award .
from left : face of chanel stella tennant , d&g model david gandy and doctor who star karen gillan .
from left : sugababe jade ewan , scottish model of the year tali lennox and millie mackintosh in supertrash .
` scotland has such a wealth of great .
fashion talent from design through to production and the heritage is .
something that we should all be proud of .
' kane , wearing a mixture of prada , .
versace and his own eponymous label , added : ` i 'm here with other really talented .
designers , friends of mine , and we are all winners .
' doctor .
who actress karen gillan - who also played the role of supermodel jean .
shrimpton in the bbc drama we 'll take manhattan earlier this year - was .
named scottish fashion icon .
she wowed guests in a striking yellow and black mini dress , which she teamed with black heels and a nude bag .
from left : awards founder and chairman tessa hartmann , scottish artist tallia storm and dionne bromfield .
tali lennox , daughter of annie lennox , .
took home the scottish model of the year prize for a second consecutive .