fifa president sepp blatter has caused yet another storm by committing the world football body to the multi-million-pound funding of a film that is regarded as little more than a giant vanity project .
united passions , which was launched with blatter in attendance at the cannes film festival yesterday , tells the history of fifa through founder jules rimet , played by gerard depardieu , joao havelange and blatter himself -- who is depicted by tim roth .
it is understood the film , which has received a lukewarm reaction , cost # 19million to make , of which fifa paid # 16million , although a zurich source claimed it was only half that amount -- but still a huge investment .
red carpet : fifa president sepp blatter -lrb- second from left -rrb- attends the premiere of the the homesman with actor gerard depardieu -lrb- second from right -rrb- and director frederic auburtin -lrb- right -rrb- .
there is great angst within fifa that blatter made the personal decision to commit to such a vast spend after being strongly advised to steer well clear of the proposed film -- brought to his attention by algeria 's fifa executive member mohamed raouraoua .
it is north african sources who are adamant that blatter has bankrolled at least 85 per cent of the movie , which is expected to be a box-office flop .
once involved , blatter was very hands-on in the production .
having seen an original draft back in march , the fifa president demanded a number of changes , including him lecturing the fifa marketing department , as opposed to the fifa executive , on rooting out corruption after his first election in 1998 .
blatter is expected to be unopposed when he stands for a fifth term at the annual congress in sao paulo at the start of june .
big spender : blatter is believed to have spent # 16million of fifa money on film united passions .
bbc sport , whose guidelines over tv and radio talent working elsewhere are never clear -- especially with many being freelance -- have interfered in cricket correspondent jonathan agnew 's dealings with waitrose .
a waitrose promotion of agnew giving a cricket-style commentary on stuart broad and jimmy anderson going around the supermarket was removed from youtube on bbc orders .
agnew , who admits it