there was a hum of mutinous muttering as they trooped out of the emirates on saturday night .
no strident protest , no outright rebellion , nothing so crude ; but the frustration , the discontent were all too evident .
it was best expressed at arsene wenger 's press conference , when an earnest scribbler began : ` arsene : dominating teams and not finishing them off .
is it a case of deja vu ?
' a pause : ` of course , you 'll know what that means .
' for half a second , the manager 's post-match face hovered on the brink of a smile .
but the summary had been perfectly accurate .
having fashioned sufficient chances in the first 25 minutes to have won half a dozen matches , arsenal frittered them one by one .
the emirates sensed a penalty would be paid , and they were right .
arsenal 's kieran gibbs -lrb- left -rrb- and santi cazorla look dejected after their 2-1 defeat against manchester united .
the result heaps pressure on boss arsene wenger as his side could have won the match inside the first half .
united were second best at pretty well everything , save the one virtue which counts for more than all the others .
wayne rooney demonstrated it to clinical perfection .
rooney spent 85 minutes watching some of the most expensive attackers in english football miss chance upon chance .
then , with united breaking at pace and the arsenal defence suicidally stretched , he accelerated on to a pass , changed from foot to foot , and raised a delicate chip beyond the goalkeeper .
as lessons go , it was utterly emphatic .
yet rooney knew , arsenal knew , everybody in this part of north london knew that arsenal should have been home and hosed before united had even raised their voice .
but the chest-thumping chants of united 's travelling circus told their own story .
united were installed in the top four , while what might have been a night of solid arsenal advancement became a slow decline into upper mid-table .
wayne rooney -lrb- right -rrb- scored manchester united 's second goal in their 2-1 win at arsenal .
united captain rooney celebrates scoring his side 's second in their victory on saturday night .
louis van