the obama administration released an outline of its fiscal 2014 budget today promising that the president 's budget ` reduces the deficit and puts the nation on a sound fiscal course .
' ` every new initiative in the plan is fully paid for , so they do not add a single dime to the deficit , ' the white house pledges .
an initial walk through the budget proposals released overnight to reporters , however , suggests that republicans in congress will need some convincing .
the budget will hit congressional offices less than 24 hours after the government 's top watchdog agency declared that nearly $ 100 billion was wasted last year in duplicative and overlapping programs stretching into every corner of the washington bureaucracy .
scroll down for video .
defense : obama on wednesday defended his budget , saying , ` when it comes to deficit reduction , i 've already met republicans more than halfway .
' seeing things differently : house speaker john boehner wo n't like what president barack obama has to say about the federal budget on wednesday .
the star attraction of tuesday 's capitol hill hearing on the subject was the tale of three separate government agencies that spend money inspecting catfish , and the annual waste of $ 14 million that goes along with it .
house republicans in the oversight committee hearing room were not amused .
and gop budget hawks wo n't be smiling when they read a prominent declaration in the white house 's outline that has already been shown to be an exaggeration .
the budget , it says , ` would achieve $ 1.8 trillion in additional deficit reduction over the next 10 years , bringing total deficit reduction to $ 4.3 trillion .
this represents more than enough deficit reduction to replace the cuts required by the joint committee -lsb- on -rsb- sequestration .
' the implication , one which the white house has made more deliberately in the past , is that barack obama has already squeezed $ 2.5 trillion out of the government 's next ten deficit statements .
obama himself said during a press conference on january 14 that he had signed bills into law that contained ' a total of about $ 2.5 trillion in deficit reduction over the past two years .
' factcheck.org , a program of