a transgender army veteran made history as she became the first senior to have sex reassignment surgery under medicare .
denee mallon , 75 , of albuquerque , new mexico waged a long and difficult battle against the government insurance program , and claimed victory when a u.s. health and human services board ruled back in may that medicare could no longer deny the service , which they deemed medically necessary for transgender individuals .
and now , mallon says she finally ` feels complete ' following the procedure .
scroll down for video .
history : denee mallon , a 75-year-old army veteran , became the first person to have sex reassignemnt surgery under medicare .
long battle : mallon has waited decades to undergo the surgery , living as a woman since the age of 40 .
' i feel congruent , like i 'm finally one complete human being where my body matches my innermost feelings , my psyche , ' mallon told nbc news .
` it 's taken me all these years and detours , potholes and whatnot to finally be where i am right now .
' medicare decided to ban the surgery in 1989 , saying it was ` experimental , ' and noting a ` lack of well controlled , long-term studies of the safety and effectiveness of the surgical procedures and attendant therapies .
' back then , mallon was not yet eligible for the government program , but she faced her own problems when her doctors refused to approve the surgery , largely because mallon was still having sex with women .
' i have a difficult time relating to somebody what it feels like to be me , ' explained mallon .
` one of the obvious things people will say is , `` it 's a lifestyle choice .
you 've made this choice .
'' well , it 's far deeper than that .
it 's so a part of my basic psyche , there 's no escaping it .
' mallon , who has been married three times and has five children , says she realized she was different when she just 5-years-old , and that all of her wives have been aware of her identity .
those women tried to change her , but it never took says mallon .
inspiring : ' i finally