england captain wayne rooney was presented with a golden cap from sir bobby charlton to commemorate his 100th international appearance before kick-off against slovenia at wembley .
rooney received the cap alongside his sons , kai and klay , and the manchester united striker revealed exactly what a special moment it would be to reach three figures in england appearances earlier in the week .
` as a young boy it was always my dream to play at wembley , ' said rooney , who made his debut at upton park 11 years ago against australia in 2003 .
wayne rooney -lrb- left -rrb- receives a golden cap from england legend sir bobby charlton .
rooney on the pitch at wembley before kick-off against slovenia alongside his sons , kai -lrb- right -rrb- and clay -lrb- left -rrb- .
england skipper rooney received the above cap for his 100th international appearance on saturday .
england supporters acknowledge captain rooney playing his 100th game .
rooney in action during england 's euro 2016 qualifying victory over san marino at wembley .
england captain wayne rooney 's next landmark target will be to become england 's all-time record scorer .
here is where he currently stands : .
1 .
sir bobby charlton , 49 goals .
2 .
gary lineker , 48 goals .
3 .
jimmy greaves , 44 goals .
4 .
wayne rooney , 43 goals .
` so to go out there and receive the cap , in particular from bobby charlton , will be a special moment for me .
it will be an incredible feeling .
' but while rooney , 29 , will enjoy the moment , he is already looking ahead at breaking some long standing england records , such as peter shilton 's record cap total of 125 and charlton 's record of 49 england goals .
` they are two records that have stood for a lot of years .
to be in touching distance of reaching them , which is something i hope i can do , is not something that is really in my mind at the minute , ' rooney said .
` as you get closer to them , you will start to look at them , but at the end of the day if they are going to come , then they will come .
'