by .
ellie zolfagharifard .
in ` x-men : days of future past ' , super-villain magneto is shown ripping a baseball stadium from its foundation and levitating it off the ground .
inspired by this incredible power , a plumber from lincolnshire has attempted to recreate this metal-controlling power using home-made magnetic shoes .
colin furze , 34 , spent a week creating the strange gadget , which allow him to walk upside down along metal ceilings .
scroll down for videos .
mr furze built the magnet in the shoes .
using a microwave transformer , with one of the coils removed , and .
hooking it up to a car battery .
he then placed the transformer on a shoe shaped plate and clamped his foot to it .
he has attached straps to the shoes with switches which power the flow of electricity and enable him to walk .
the father-of-one said he could potentially use his mad invention to scale skyscrapers , instead of taking the lift .
` the shoes are great fun but it is rather bizarre trying to walk upside down , you have to really force your feet on to the ceiling , ' said mr furze , who lives in stamford , lincolnshire .
` it 's rather nerve-racking because if the electricity fails the magnets wo n't work and i will fall .
an x-men fan has invented his own magnetic shoes which help him to walk upside down .
colin furze , 34 , spent a week creating the amazing shoes after being inspired by comic book character magneto , who can move metal with his mind .
mr furze built the magnet in the shoes using a microwave transformer , with one of the coils removed , and hooking it up to a car battery .
he then placed the transformer on a shoe shaped plate and clamped his foot to it .
` i think the shoes could be useful for beating the queues at a railway station by walking over the top of everyone 's heads or running along the side of buildings in busy shopping streets .
' mr furze built the magnet in the shoes using a microwave transformer , with one of the coils removed , and hooking it up to a car battery .
he then placed the transformer on a