warning : glyphosate is most commonly used in the popular weedkiller roundup .
a weedkiller used in millions of gardens has been identified as a potential cancer risk .
the world health organisation 's cancer agency asked a group of 17 international scientists to decide whether glyphosate posed a risk to humans .
the international agency for research on cancer -lrb- iarc -rrb- declared that the chemical , which is the world 's most widely used weedkiller , is a ` probable human carcinogen ' .
glyphosate is most commonly used in the popular weedkiller roundup , which is made by the american agro-chemical giant monsanto .
the firm -- which strongly disputes the iarc 's findings -- sells the herbicide to farmers in the us , where crops can be genetically modified to give them immunity to glyphosate .
american gm plants like maize and soya beans can then be blanket-sprayed with roundup to get rid of weeds without killing the crop .
use of the chemical has soared in the past decade , and it has been found in water and food on the shelves in the uk , including bread and cereal bars .
the iarc report points out that 750 products contain glyphosate , and its use has increased sharply with the development of gm glyphosate-resistant crop varieties .
the research looked at evidence from studies published in the us , canada , and sweden since 2001 .
it concluded that there was evidence that glyphosate can cause tumours in mice and rats in laboratory experiments -- and could cause dna damage to human cells .
iarc panel chairman aaron blair , from america 's national cancer institute , said : ` there was sufficient evidence in animals , limited evidence in humans and strong supporting evidence showing dna mutations and damaged chromosomes .
' dr blair said concern is growing about glyphosate .
but he pointed out that the iarc panel did not prove that glyphosate definitely caused cancer .
he went on to say : ` we have looked at , `` is there evidence that glyphosate causes cancer ?
'' and the answer is `` probably '' .
that is different to `` yes '' .
' monsanto has issued a fierce defence of roundup , accusing the iarc group of relying on ` junk science ' and calling for the report to