a student pilot who lost half a wing in a potentially disastrous mid-air collision with his instructor managed to land his fighter jet safely .
the unnamed airman brought his f-16c back to base after losing five feet from the plane 's right wing above kansas during a mock dogfight .
he smashed into his instructor after losing sight of him during the practice encounter - sending the second fighter jet plummeting to earth .
ravaged fighter : an accident left this f-16c fighter jet without half a wing - but its trainee pilot managed to bring it home safely .
mid-air smash : the pilot smashed into a jet flown by his instructor after a practice dogfight went wrong .
while the plane was obliterated when it hit the ground , its pilot managed to eject in time and was not badly hurt .
meanwhile the student managed to bring his damaged vehicle 100 miles south to an air base in tulsa , oklahoma , and made a safe landing .
images of the collision were released this week as part of an air force investigation into the crash .
according to the washington post , investigators determined that a missile on the right wing tip of the student 's plane tore through the right wing of his instructor 's plane , close to the fuselage .
less lucky : the instructor 's jet was destroyed when it crashed into a kansas field - though the instructor himself managed to eject and was not badly hurt .
wreckage : the smashed plane , which lost parts of its wing and tail fin in mid-air , is seen here where it landed .
damaged : air force investigators estimated that the accident cost $ 22.5 million .
in one piece : both pilots were at the controls of an f-16c fighter jet , pictured above in las vegas , nevada -lrb- file -rrb- .
it then also hit the plane 's right-hand tail fin , sending the plane hurtling to earth .
the student shouted repeatedly over the radio for the instructor to bail out , which he did , landing just 60ft from the wreckage of the plane .
the collision came after both student and instructor misinterpreted the other 's maneuvers and turned towards one another at an altitude of 7,500 ft. the two planes were supposed to