by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
10:12 est , 13 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
12:19 est , 13 november 2012 .
david petraeus ' biographer-turned-mistress paula broadwell sent an anonymous email to general john allen about florida housewife and military social liaison jill kelley , as broadwell suspected kelley of having a romantic relationship with petraeus as well .
the cyber love triangle expanded as it was revealed today that allen was electronically connected with broadwell after he received an email from one of her dummy accounts .
he then went on to tell kelley , a married mom that he denies having an affair with , who in turn reported the emails to the fbi .
because of their respective involvement in the unfolding case , the pentagon has requested access to the 20,000-30 ,000 pages of communications between allen , the commander of u.s. and nato forces in afghanistan , and kelley .
scroll down for video .
` sweetheart ' : general john allen -lrb- left -rrb- reportedly called jill kelley -lrb- right -rrb- ` sweetheart ' in emails , which are now under scrutiny as he was also contacted by petraeus ' mistress from a dummy email account .
in light of the extra marital affair between broadwell and petraeus , pentagon spokesmen have been quick to dismiss ideas of a similar affair between allen and kelley though their confirmation of some ` inappropriate communication ' among those thousands of pages of emails has sparked further curiosity about the nature of their relationship .
one divulged example reported in the washington post was allen 's use of the word ` sweetheart ' in referring to married mom kelley , but a senior pentagon official said that proves nothing as the 58-year-old general is from virginia and the word is used in the south as a platonic phrase and not one demonstrating a romantic relationship .
mrs kelley runs in the same social circle as both petraeus and allen as she serves as an unpaid social liaison for the military and often hosts events at her million-dollar home located only a couple of miles from macdill air force base .
allen served there from july 2008 to june 2011 .
allen , a four-star marine general , succeeded petraeus as the top american commander in afghanistan in july 2011 .