she quit her role as oxfam ambassador in a row over her controversial super bowl advert for sodastream - and chose to keep her links with the israeli fizzy drink firm .
now speaking for the first time since she severed her ties with the humanitarian group , scarlett johansson insists she never saw herself as a role model in the first place .
in an interview with dazed magazine , johansson did not .
directly address the row with oxfam , but said : ' i do n't see myself as .
being a role model ; i never wanted to step into those shoes .
scroll down for video .
' i never wanted to step into those shoes ' : scarlett johansson insists she never wanted to be a role model in her first interview since she quit as oxfam ambassador in a row over her links to sodastream .
controversial : scarlett johansson featured in an advert for sodastream that aired during the super bowl .
` how .
could i wake up every day and be a normal person if i was completely .
aware that my image was being manipulated on a global platform .
how .
could i sleep ?
` you have to .
have peace of mind .
you 've got to be able to protect those things .
how .
else could you exist ?
you 'd go crazy , anybody would go crazy .
' the row erupted after johansson featured in an advert for the fizzy drinks firm which featured in the superbowl earlier this month .
palestinian workers wait in the production line at the controversial soda stream factory in mishor adumim .
hitting back : johansson with sodastream chief executive daniel birnbaum who claimed that his company was being demonised by activists .
scarlett johansson gives her first interview since the row to dazed magazine this week .
the 29-year-old actress said she had a .
` fundamental difference of opinion ' with the charity after it said it opposed .
all trade from israeli settlements because they say it is illegal and .
denies palestinian rights .
sodastream .
has a large factory in an israeli settlement in the west bank - a .
territory captured by israel in 1967 and claimed by the palestinians .
johansson instead chose to keep her role as brand