by .
associated press .
and daily mail reporter .
the chicago-area home where ferris bueller 's friend cameron famously ` killed ' his father 's prized ferrari finally has a new owner .
the 5,300-square-foot house in highland park , chicago , illinois , sold on thursday for $ 1.06 million after five years on the market and several mark-downs .
it featured in the iconic 1986 film , starring matthew broderick as ferris bueller , as the home of bueller 's neurotic best friend cameron frye , played by alan ruck .
scroll down for video .
five years on the market : this october 4 , 2009 photo shows visitors touring the pavilion in the back of the modernist home in highland park , illinois , that was featured in the movie ferris bueller 's day off .
classic : in the 1986 movie ferris and his best friend cameron watch in horror as cameron 's father 's cherished ferrari crashes to its death through a glass wall and into a ravine .
that scene : at the end of the film cameron 's father 's beloved ferrari crashes into the ravine below .
open plan : the wood and glass home is set in the countryside of highland park , illinois .
no movie magic : the house failed to sell for the original price of $ 2.3 million in 2008 .
it went back on sale for $ 1.5 million in 2011 and finally sold for $ 1.06 million thursday .
craig hogan is regional director at coldwell banker previews .
he would n't say who bought the four-bedroom , steel-and-glass house built on the edge of a wooded ravine .
however , hogan did say that the buyers bought the property , not because of its hollywood past , but because they love the building .
` at the end of the day , what sold the house was not the notoriety of the property but the architecture .
we sold it to a couple who are architecture buffs who want to restore it .
believe me , it was not connected to the movie , ' he told crain 's chicago business .
cult : the 80s film launched the career of matthew broderick -lrb- center -rrb- , alan ruck -lrb- right -rrb- and sloane paterson -lrb- left -rrb- .
modern : the