by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
06:27 est , 10 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:35 est , 10 july 2013 .
her father is facing his last appeal against a tax fraud prison sentence .
but that has n't stopped barbara berlusconi , his glamorous daughter , from relaxing in the sun in sardinia .
the former italian prime minister 's daughter was pictured on tuesday getting close to economics student lorrenzo guerrieri .
relaxing : barbara berlusconi , the daughter of italy 's former prime minister silvio berlusconi , looked relaxed yesterday with her new love interest despite news that her father 's final appeal will happen later this month .
the couple looked happy in each .
other 's company as they sunbathed on a jetty of the mediterranean island 's villa certosa , in porto .
rondo , and swam in the clear waters .
the pictures may draw a line under the end of miss berlusoni 's relationship with footballer alexandre pato .
the couple were together for two years .
and five months but split in march - two months after they were .
separated by 12,000 miles due to the footballer 's move to corinthians .
close : the pair chat with a friend , miss berlusconi embraced by mr guerrieri .
stripping off : miss berlusconi undresses to join her friends and beau sunbathing on the jetty .
now it seems miss berlusconi is smitten with academic mr guerrieri .
the economics student , who works in a .
wine shop in the evenings to pay for his degree , seems relaxed and happy .
in the company of the former premier 's daughter .
accompanied by a couple of friends , they seem a million miles away from any worries about miss berlusoni 's father .
content : the pair look comfortable in each other 's company at they sunbathe on the jetty with friends .
together : soaking in the sun , it seems apparent the pair are an item .
cuddling up : barbara puts her arm around student lorenzo as they sunbathe on the jetty .
after a series of court cases and .
subsequent appeals against a tax fraud conviction , mr berlusconi has .
just one attempt left in a couple of weeks to try to avoid being jailed for