by .
andy newport , press association .
joe royle has joined the sky bet championship side norwich as a football consultant .
the former everton , manchester city and oldham boss joins a new look set-up at carrow road following relegation from the premier league .
last month , neil adams was confirmed as the club 's full-time manager and the club have also appointed falkirk boss gary holt and former under-21 boss mark robson as first team coaches .
experienced head : joe royle appointed football consultant at norwich .
adams said : ` mark and gary are two people i 've worked with closely and both will bring enthusiasm , hunger and experience to the coaching team .
they have also played at the highest levels in this country .
` joe is someone who i have played for at both championship and premier league level , and he has amassed a vast amount of knowledge during his time in the game .
he has been there , seen it and done it so to speak , and has also been very successful during his time as both a player and a manager .
' royle will support and advise adams ' football management team having initially worked with the new boss when he was manager of oldham athletic during adams ' playing days .
norwich plan to announce a new technical director shortly and are currently interviewing a number of candidates for the position of director of recruitment .
moving on : gary holt is returning to his old club norwich with his family .
early on monday afternoon falkirk released a statement on their website explaining to supporters that holt was moving to carrow road .
but just two hours later they were forced to remove that statement as they admitted no deal had been agreed and that holt was still in charge at the falkirk stadium .
when norwich then announced on their website at around 5pm that an agreement had been reached , the original falkirk statement was then reposted and the apology taken down .
former scotland international holt - an ex-canaries player - will now link up again with boss adams , who he worked alongside in the norwich academy set-up before moving back to scotland last year when he was handed the falkirk job .
after clearing up their earlier