by .
lillian radulova .
relationship : the woman seduced the boy when she was 22 and he was 13 -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
a melbourne woman who repeatedly had sex with a 13-year-old boy and had three of his children has escaped jail .
victorian county court judge christopher o'neill sentenced her to three years in prison , suspended for three years .
the woman now has six children and judge o'neill said her family circumstances had to be taken into account in the sentence .
` normally offending of this seriousness would warrant a significant jail sentence , ' judge o'neill said .
' -lrb- but -rrb- there is a discretion to the court to grant special mercy where the circumstances of family hardship are exceptional .
' judge o'neill said the woman 's husband worked full time to support the children .
' i accept that almost every waking moment is spent looking after the children in one way or another , ' he said .
the woman , who can not be named , began having sex with the boy in august 2004 , when she was 22 and living next door to his family in melbourne .
the victorian county court was on tuesday told the woman had three daughters to her victim , the first of whom was born when the boy was just 15 .
the woman , now 32 , pleaded guilty to maintaining a sexual relationship with a child under the age of 16 .
judge o'neill said the woman gave the boy alcohol , drugs and freedom , but that was not evidence of grooming or predatory behaviour .
the boy was 13 when the pair started having sex .
they lived together for a time and had their first child when he was 15 .
the couple had two more children before they split up in 2009 .
court case : she avoided jail time due to caring for six children , despite maintaining a relationship with the boy until 2009 .
prosecutor francesca holmes said the boy 's mother tried to tell authorities while the relationship was occurring , but they declined to act when both denied it .
defence barrister barnaby johnson said after the relationship ended , the victim set up a hate page on facebook directed at the woman .
he said people put