by .
jason groves .
moscow last night warned that plans for european sanctions on russia 's banks , oligarchs and defence sector will make the global financial crisis worse .
european ambassadors gathered in brussels yesterday to hammer out a tough new package aimed at bringing some of the country 's leading banks to their knees .
officials also agreed travel bans and asset freezes on a number of senior figures , including vladimir putin 's spy chief .
scroll down for video .
russia 's ambassador to the uk alexander yakovenko , pictured with the queen in 2011 , suggested the west will suffer more if it presses ahead with sanctions .
but in a menacing intervention , russia 's ambassador to the uk alexander yakovenko suggested the west will suffer more if it presses ahead with sanctions that moscow considers ` illegal , unreasonable and counterproductive ' .
mr yakovenko did not specify whether russia would retaliate , although moscow has the power to cause chaos by turning off the gas supplies that many eu countries rely on .
but at a press conference in london , he said : ` in my view the sectoral sanctions against russia may well trigger a long anticipated end-game of the present global crisis .
' it was also reported last night that moscow could take retaliatory action against british firms operating in russia such as shell and bp .
a diplomatic source told the telegraph : ` we want friendly relations .
we will go along as far as we can then we will retaliate .
' mr yakovenko also denied that moscow was arming the separatists suspected of shooting down flight mh17 and accused the west of trying to cover up the true causes of the crash .
a pro-russian rebel touches the mh17 wreckage at the crash site near the village of hrabove , eastern ukraine .
his comments came as it emerged proposed eu sanctions on russia 's state-owned banks go much further than expected .
leaked documents reveal plans to restrict their ` access to capital markets ' .
they would be banned from issuing new bonds in the eu , a market worth # 6billion last year .
the move would affect four major banks including sberbank and vtb , both listed on the london stock exchange .
but proposals to curb defence exports