mini toiletries bottles and free teabags may be considered fair game .
but some hotel guests have a hard time resisting the urge to pilfer anything they can get their hands on , with robes , coat hangers , slippers and sheets being common temptations .
so an intuitive hotel in australia has employed the art of reverse psychology , listing the most coveted items on a menu , complete with prices .
scroll down for video .
warning : before you run off with that robe , remember it will end up on your bill - at a cost of over # 90 .
the qt hotel group came up with a menu of 14 items , which included coffee mugs , shoe horns , coat hangers , eye masks , a cocktail shaker and bathroom glasses .
the menu , entitled desire , was placed in all of their suites , to remind guests that any stolen items would be appearing on their bill .
prices range from nine australian dollars -lrb- almost # 5 -rrb- for an eye mask to 175 australian dollars -lrb- around # 96 -rrb- .
a spokesman for the group said the menus are becoming ` increasingly becoming more and more popular ' .
naughty , naughty : bathrobes and coat hangers are some of the most common items pinched by hotel guests .
a grand piano .
the hefty instrument was stolen from the starwood hotel group by three people dressed in overalls , who walked into the reception and quietly rolled it out .
a stuffed boar .
at the hotel du vin in birmingham , a guest was caught trying to pilfer a mounted boar 's head from the hotel 's billiard room .
sex toys .
the residence in bath offers kinky accessories to its guests - some of whom have been caught red-handed , and red-faced .
the mini-bar .
for some people , one drink is never enough .
some naughty guests at the the parkroyal in kuala lumpur wanted the entire mini-bar , including the fridge .
a marble fireplace .
a guest at the four seasons beverly wilshire hotel is alleged to have taken the entire marble fireplace .
a survey by novotel hotels revealed the most common items stolen from hotel suites included bathrobes , towels , cushions , tv remote controls and coffee