tributes are pouring in for former liberal prime minister malcolm fraser , the giant of australian politics who died aged 84 on friday morning .
his office issued a statement confirming the news ` with deep sadness ' , saying he had suffered only a ` brief illness ' .
` we appreciate that this will be a shock to all who knew and loved him , but ask that the family be left in peace at this difficult time , ' it said .
mr fraser was prime minister from november 1975 until march 1983 .
he controversially came to power as caretaker prime minister following the dismissal of labor leader gough whitlam by governor-general sir john kerr .
mr fraser 's party had blocked the supply of money for the government in the senate , forcing the constitutional crisis .
gough whitlam would dub fraser ` kerr 's cur ' , although , perhaps in a sign of mr fraser 's compassion , the two would have a rapprochement later in life .
under his leadership , the coalition then won the largest landslide of any political party at the 1975 federal election .
prime minister tony abbott today hailed mr fraser 's service , acknowledging him and mr whitlam as ` fierce australian patriots ' .
` malcolm fraser held true to the belief that his actions were in the best interests of australia ... he was rightly proud of his government .
' scroll down for video .
malcolm fraser was prime minister from november 1975 until march 1983 .
he was elected to federal parliament when he was just 25 .
in a statement , malcolm fraser 's office said : ' it is with deep sadness that we inform you that after a brief illness john malcolm fraser died peacefully in the early hours of the morning of 20 march 2015 ' you can call me -lrb- caretaker -rrb- prime minister : malcolm fraser strides down the steps of old parliament house , on the day gough whitlam was dismissed .
divisive : the method in which malcolm fraser rose to power did not endear him to much of the population during the politically turbulent period of the 1970s .
fraser 's government won the largest majority of any party at any federal election in 1975 .
in office , mr fraser championed a