by .
associated press .
russia 's troop buildup on the ukrainian border increases the threat of an invasion by president vladimir putin 's army , defense secretary chuck hagel said today .
speaking to reporters at u.s. european command in stuttgart , germany , hagel said he agrees with poland 's foreign minister , who said wednesday that the increase in russian forces near ukraine 's border heightened the risk of an invasion .
' i think it 's a reality , of course it is , ' said hagel , who was in stuttgart for meetings with his military leaders in europe , including the top commander , air force gen. philip breedlove .
columns of tractors with self-propelled artillery on the highway in russia are pictured heading towards the russian-ukrainian border on july 31st .
` when you see the build-up of russian troops and the sophistication of those troops , the training of those troops , the heavy military equipment that 's being put along that border , of course it 's a reality , it 's a threat , it 's a possibility - absolutely , ' hagel said .
u.s. and nato officials say there are now about 20,000 russian troops massed just east of ukraine 's border .
the u.s. also says russia continues to train and equip separatists battling ukraine 's government .
russia has repeatedly rejected ukrainian and western claims of a military buildup on the border .
` the longer that russia perpetuates and instigates this tension and the possibility of escalating their activity , it 's going to get worse .
and we have to be prepared for that , ' hagel said .
among the scenarios that worry some in nato is putin potentially sending russian troops into eastern ukraine in the guise of a ` peacekeeping ' force .
that concern has deepened as the russian-supported separatists appear to lose the initiative against ukrainian governme .
ukrainian army tanks pictured moving past a checkpoint as they patrol the area near eastern ukrainian town of debaltseve on sunday .
hagel also said that russia 's provocative actions are forcing the u.s. and its allies to take a close look at how nato is structured and prepared for such military crises and other challenges of the future .
u.s. officials have talked about the need to set up a