defence secretary michael fallon warned some areas were ` swamped ' by migrants .
defence secretary michael fallon provoked a furious row yesterday after warning that communities were being ` swamped ' by european immigrants .
last night he was reprimanded by no 10 for his use of the word and rival politicians lined up to criticise what they called his ` excessive language ' .
tory backbenchers , however , said it was appalling that a minister had been told to retract comments when all he had done was speak out frankly on immigration .
during a tv interview , mr fallon said some towns were ` under siege ' from ` huge numbers ' of migrants and that action was needed to tackle free movement rules .
he spoke of trying to ` prevent whole towns and communities being swamped by huge numbers of migrant workers ' .
he was responding to a question about german chancellor angela merkel 's declaration that she would not back the uk 's bid to change the rules -- a major blow to david cameron .
but his use of the word ` swamped ' in relation to immigration and asylum -- which has long been toxic in british politics , provoked fierce criticism .
even ukip 's immigration spokesman branded his words ` excessive ' .
last night a government source said mr fallon had admitted he had made a mistake , and should have used the less emotive term ` under pressure ' .
ukip leader nigel farage said the fact mr fallon had used such language showed how ` panicked ' the conservatives were over their failure to control migration and the threat posed by his party at next month 's rochester and strood by-election .
in an embarrassing mark of coalition disarray , another cabinet minister said britain actually needed eu migrants to fill unskilled jobs in the agricultural sector in the very same areas mr fallon was referring to .
asked if she agreed that migrants were needed , environment secretary elizabeth truss told the bbc 's sunday politics : ` i accept we do , yes .
' ` i 'm an mp in norfolk , and there is an element of migrant work force , that 's very true , ' she said .
german chancellor angela merkel , who is meant to be one