a down 's syndrome man who suffocated to death .
while being arrested by police for refusing to leave a movie theater idolized law enforcement , it was revealed today .
robert ethan saylor , 26 , was an avid follower of tv show ncis and was so interested in the police that he would regularly call 911 so they would come to the house so he could to talk to them .
but on january 12 , he died following a confrontation with the very people he idolized , after he asphyxiated as three police officers tried to restrain him at a theater in frederick , maryland .
loss : robert ethan saylor , who died in police custody , was said to be obsessed with law enforcement .
saylor had been watching zero dark thirty at the cinema with a health aide and when it finished , he wanted to watch it again and refused to leave .
a cinema employee called three off-duty sheriff 's deputies - lt. scott jewell , sgt. rich rochford and deputy 1st class james harris - who were working a security job at a nearby shopping center .
when the officers , who were not wearing police uniforms , approached saylor and tried to arrest him , he began lashing out .
they handcuffed him and allegedly his face was put to the ground as he was being apprehended , abc news reported .
the officers then realised he was suffering a ` medical emergency ' .
music-lover : robert saylor pictured with a relative was a big music fan and a member of his church choir .
on leave : lt. scott jewell , left , and sgt. rich rochford , right , were two of the officers at the scene .
the officers removed the handcuffs , administered first aid and took him to frederick memorial hospital where he later died .
` ethan .
was developmentally disabled , not a criminal , ' joseph espo , a lawyer .
representing saylor 's parents , patti and ron saylor , told the washington .
post .
` he was .
entranced by police and police departments and liked communicating with .
them to the extent that , if there was ever a complaint , it was that he 'd .
call so they could come to the house so he