by .
alex finnis for mailonline .
a pair of indian teenagers being plucked from obscurity by a struggling sports agent to go and play professional baseball - this is the fanciful story behind disney 's latest film - million dollar arm .
but amazingly , it is based on real life .
rinku singh and dinesh patel 's incredible rags to riches story took them from extreme poverty to the bright lights and big money of major league baseball , completely transforming their lives - all thanks to a game show .
struggling sports agent j.b. bernstein , played by jon hamm in the film , took a punt at rejuvenating his career by heading to india .
his aim - trying to find boys who had never played the game before and turn them into huge stars .
scroll down for trailer .
real-life stars : rinku singh -lrb- left -rrb- and dinesh patel -lrb- right -rrb- are the inspiration behind new film million dollar arm .
pitch perfect : singh -lrb- left -rrb- and patel -lrb- right -rrb- pose for a photo shoot in their pittsburgh pirates kit .
silver screen : the pair shown as depicted in the new hit disney film , which stars mad men actor jon hamm .
these boys turned out to be singh and patel - neither of whom had pitched a ball in their lives .
they both lived in poverty-stricken villages in the state of uttar pradesh , in the north of the country , without running water - but ended up being flown to america and being put on the books of the pittsburgh pirates .
singh , the son of a truck driver from bhadohi , lived with eight other siblings in just one room , while patel was forced to be brought up by his grandmother in khanpur as his parents were too poor to afford to raise him .
but then along came the million dollar arm - a reality tv show dreamt up by bernstein which would literally pitch 37,000 hopefuls against each other for the prize of $ 100,000 , a shot at a major league baseball contract - and a chance to change everything , not just for themselves , but for their families .
humble beginnings : both singh and patel grew up in poverty , yet found themselves moving to