by .
julian robinson .
donna wright , pictured leaving newton aycliffe magistrates court , has been described as a ` nasty individual ' by richard lee .
a father has branded an internet hoaxer a ` nasty individual ' after she posed as his missing daughter then flouted a court by harassing the family .
donna wright , 34 , broke a restraining order to telephone richard lee , whose daughter katrice has not been seen since she disappeared in a busy naafi store near a british army base in germany in 1981 .
wright , from oak terrace , west cornforth , county durham , was last year sentenced to a 12-week jail term , suspended for 18 months , for harassing katrice 's mother sharon in gosport , hampshire , and katrice 's sister natasha .
wright turned nasty after a dna test proved she was not the missing girl , and sent spiteful messages over facebook .
after eight court hearings and sacking her solicitor previously , wright has now admitted also harassing 64-year-old mr lee , from hartlepool , after conclusive phone records were produced .
on december 2 last year she rang him at 11.45 pm and several times after that , despite a restraining order to prevent her from contacting katrice 's family .
she will be sentenced on june 4 to allow for pre-sentence and psychiatric reports to be produced .
district judge martin walker who dealt with her last march will sentence her for the fresh harassment charge .
viv waugh , defending , told newton aycliffe magistrates ' court his client had been diagnosed with bi-polar disorder and may have a personality disorder and is undergoing psychiatric treatment .
outside court mr lee , who was a sergeant in the king 's royal hussars based in germany when katrice vanished , was `` saddened '' that wright had been able to play the judicial system .
he said : ` she is not a fool .
` she has manipulated the system , and as far as i am concerned she is a nasty individual .
` all i want is an end to the whole saga , but a justifiable end .
' pictured is richard lee , father of missing girl katrice lee , holding a picture of his daughter .
he has described donna wright as a