when women first started coming forward to accuse bill cosby of rape last month , the public was surprised due to his flawless reputation as ` america 's dad ' .
it has now been revealed that a team of lawyers and publicists worked tirelessly to keep his image pristine for decades , by silencing alleged victims and keeping the media from reporting their claims , the new york times reports .
that apparently all-male team includes $ 850-an-hour hollywood lawyer martin singer -lrb- whose clients include charlie sheen and arnold schwarzenegger -rrb- , former william morris agent norman brokaw , his publicist son david , and new york lawyer john p schmitt .
scroll down for video .
reputation tarnished : in recent weeks , bill cosby has faced an onslaught of accusations from women who claim to have been raped or sexually assaulted by him .
a new report reveals how his legal and media teams have protected his reputation for decades .
protectors : high-profile hollywood attorney martin singer -lrb- left -rrb- , former william morris agent norman brokaw -lrb- center -rrb- , and new york lawyer john p schmitt -lrb- right -rrb- are three representatives of cosby 's who have helped silence the rape accusations over the years .
most of the allegations against cosby date back to the 1970s , which led to speculation over why the women stayed silent for so long .
like many rape victims , some of the women said they never reported the assault because they were scared of cosby 's power and feared damaging their reputation .
the reaction of cosby 's legal team to the women brave enough to come forward over the years proves that those who stayed silent had good cause for concern .
those who have reported their rapes , either to police or in the media , have had their claims called ` meritless ' by cosby 's legal team , who depict them as greedy women seeking to destroy the once-beloved comedian 's reputation for a cut of his fortune .
this pattern of intimidation goes all the way back to 2000 when an actress on his tv series ` cosby ' allegedly told police that he tried to put her hand down his sweatpants during a visit to his new york townhouse .
cosby 's lawyers threatened to sue the national enquirer