a django unchained actress who allegedly had sex with her boyfriend in a car has blamed society and the shooting of teenager michael brown for why she accused police of ` racially profiling ' her .
daniele watts claimed she was harassed by los angeles police department officers after they arrested her as she straddled her boyfriend brian james lucas in a silver mercedes in studio city .
watts , who is black , and her white partner were having sex in the vehicle near the cbs tv studios at the time , according to witnesses .
however , the actress has maintained they were only kissing .
now , she has blamed the killing of 18-year-old brown in the st louis suburb of ferguson - as well as her own history of allegedly racial profiling - for why she ` exploded ' at police .
scroll down for video .
couple : daniele watts claimed she was harassed by officers of the los angeles police department , who arrested her as she embraced her boyfriend brian james lucas -lrb- both pictured -rrb- in a car in studio city .
` lewd conduct ' : watts , who is black , and her white partner were having sex in the vehicle near the cbs tv studios at the time , according to witnesses .
however , the actress has maintained they were only kissing .
speaking at a panel discussion at usc 's school of law on monday , watts said : ` if we 're going to condemn me , then we also have to look at the entire society that i am a product of .
' referring to brown 's death at the hands of officer darren wilson on august 9 , she added : ` at a certain point , enough is enough and somebody has to say something .
' watts also told listeners that witnessing her black father being profiled by a white policeman when she was 16 had influenced her to pull the race card on officers on september 11 , according to the los angeles times .
the actress was detained by lapd sargaent jim parker after he responded to complaints that a couple was engaging in a ` lewd sex act ' and she refused to provide identification when asked .
arrest : now , watts -lrb- pictured crying during her