remarkable new images have emerged showing the haunting beauty of a mysterious siberian crater .
the photographs were released as it was revealed scientists are monitoring satellite images to check for other similar holes in northern russia in a desperate attempt to understand their origin .
and , for the first time , siberian scientists have used climbing gear to reach a frozen lake 34ft -lrb- 10.5 metres -rrb- deep in the hole to carry out tests .
scroll down for video .
when frozen , the accessible parts of crater -lrb- pictured from below -rrb- are around 54ft -lrb- 16.5 metres -rrb- deep , and scientists captured these latest remarkable images by using climbing gear to reach a frozen lake 34ft -lrb- 10.5 metres -rrb- at the bottom .
it is thought the crater was formed when heating from underground fissures released gas hydrates causing the dramatic blowout .
when this crater - on the northern yamal peninsula - was discovered earlier this year , theories ranged from a man-made hoax , to aliens , a meteorite , and even a stray missile from vladimir putin 's military .
one of the more popular theories is that the giant hole was caused by a phenomenon known as a pingo .
this is a subsurface accumulation of ice that has been covered by land .
when the ice melts it can leave behind a gaping hole that it once filled .
the other favoured theory is that the hole was caused by an explosion of methane underground .
the .
yamal peninsula is rich in natural gas , and a mixture of water , salt and gas could result in .
an explosion .
the other theory is that it was caused by a meteorite , but most experts have ruled this possibility out as the phenomenon does not resemble normal impact craters .
these have each been discounted , and the favoured explanation is that heating from underground fissures combined to release gas hydrates causing the dramatic blowout on the surface in july .
scientists claim the phenomenon may be similar to eruptions underwater in the atlantic ocean causing the bermuda triangle .
another popular theory is that the feature is a ` pingo ' .
this is a large chunk of ice that is located underground that can create a hole in the ground when it melts .