found dead : charles terreni jr has been named as the usc frat brother who died this week .
this is the 18-year-old university of south carolina freshman found dead in his frat house - apparently after a st patrick 's day party .
charles terreni jr was found dead at the pi kappa alpha house in columbia , not far from campus , around 10:30 am on wednesday , the morning after the alleged celebration .
circumstances leading up to his death are not clear , but the house was draped in st patrick 's decorations and a beer keg could be seen outside .
terreni was named on friday as the frat brother who had died by by a coroner , according to fox carolina .
his body reportedly had no obvious signs of injury - but toxicology tests which could shed more light on the death are yet to be completed .
neither the fraternity nor the university has explained the situation in detail .
however , usc suspended the fraternity in the wake of the death .
on thursday , neighbors told the fox affiliate that the house threw a party the night before , and noted the leftover keg wednesday morning .
' i would say there are three houses there , and i do n't know who exactly lives in them , but there 's always a frequency of parties going on , ' neighbor mehrdad vejdani said .
` at times , there can be a hundred people in that place .
live band in the backyard , which is fine .
i mean , some noise , but it does n't bother us too much .
' scroll down for video .
suspended : the pi kappa alpha house at the university of south carolina has been suspended , after a brother was found dead in a house wednesday morning .
rager ?
neighbors said the house had a party the night before , on st patrick 's day .
on wednesday , several stray cups and a keg were seen on the porch , as well as clover decorations .
the columbia police department and richland county coroner 's office have both labeled the death ` suspicious ' .
responding the terreni 's death , the fraternity 's national office released a statement saying the usc chapter had been placed on