the judge in the casey anthony trial has been branded by a former mistress as big a liar as casey !
judge perry was praised for his cool , methodical handling of the controversial casey trial but a source close to alleged mistress janis williamson paints an entirely different picture .
the 61-year-jurist was a cheating cad who relentlessly pursued miss williamson and then dumped her to protect his career , claims the source .
shocking allegations : healthcare consultant janis williamson says judge perry is a big lair .
father-of-two judge perry repeatedly lied to federal investigators after she brought their relationship out into the open and slapped him with a lawsuit , the national enquirer quotes the source as saying .
` judge belvin perry is as big a lair as casey anthony !
' the source told the national enquirer .
` janis told me , `` the main is a flat-out liar who tried to destroy my life .
it sickens me to hear people praising him .
they do n't know him like i do .
he 's a hypocrite '' .
' mr perry began pursuing miss williamson when she was a deputy court administrator for florida 's ninth judicial circuit in 1989 , the source said .
mr perry was a circuit judge in florida 's osceola county at the time .
the source said : ` janis said judge perry kept coming into her room and flirting with her .
` they played chess together and he kept asking her to lunch .
branded a womaniser : judge perry is accused of seeing other women while he 's cheating on his wife with janis .
convicted liar : casey anthony was kept behind bars for misleading police .
` janis told me `` i 'm a white woman from the south .
the last thing i 'd ever consider is having an affair with a black man .
but belvin persisted and one day he gave me a $ 250 jvc cd player '' .
' when asked what she had done to deserve such a gift , according to janis the judge allegedly answered : ` why do n't you just give me a kiss .
' the alleged affair began soon after , the source said .
to set up their trysts , the judge would call to say he