by .
aap .
and kate lyons for daily mail australia .
loved life : alana goldsmith was fun-loving , intelligent and successful , but she took her life at a train station in 2011 after fighting a long battle with anorexia nervosa .
there were ` mistakes and failures ' at the eating disorder clinic attended by a 23-year-old sydney woman who committed suicide in 2011 , a coroner found .
alana goldsmith attended the wesley eating disorder cline -lrb- wedc -rrb- for treatment of an eating disorder she had suffered from since she was a teenager .
on july 22 2011 , the day of her death , alana left the hospital twice and was not seen by staff .
she took her life at summer hill in sydney 's inner-west and was found dead hours after leaving for the final time .
the goldsmith family requested an inquest following her death , to review patient care and explore the issues impacting eating disorder sufferers , carers and practitioners .
magistrate mark douglass released a report into the events surrounding ms goldsmith 's death on monday , saying that ms goldsmith 's treatment at wedc was ` adequate but not optimal .
' ` the unpredictable nature of suicide makes prevention difficult .
the mistakes and failures at wedc did not lead to alana 's death .
' in july 2011 , a wedc doctor was concerned that ms goldsmith 's weight was in the moderately severe range of 42 kilograms .
ms goldsmith had been in and out of hospitals for two years dealing with her eating disorder before being admitted to the wedc on july 18 , 2011 .
scroll down for video .
alana -lrb- pictured right at austrade awards ceremony with former olympic swimmer grant hackett -rrb- killed herself in 2011 at the age of 23 .
the magistrate ruled today that while the wesley eating disorder clinic she was staying at had made ` mistakes and failures ' , they ` did not lead to alana 's death ' judy goldsmith , pictured at hospital with daughter alana and baby simone said alana 's delight at the arrival of her younger sister was typical of her ` joy ' of life .
` not being aware that alana twice left the wedc on the day of her death until it was too late