by .
martin robinson .
published : .
08:59 est , 8 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:55 est , 11 march 2013 .
apprentice winner stella english was today accused of ` running to the teacher ' when she complained to lord sugar that more than # 1.4 million from one of his businesses still had to be invoiced , a tribunal heard today .
the multi-millionaire is being sued for constructive dismissal by ms english , 34 , who won series six of the bbc1 show in 2010 .
ms .
english was given a # 100,000 role with lord sugar 's it division viglen .
as her prize but resigned in may 2011 and complained that her role there .
was that of an ` overpaid lackey ' , something her former boss strongly .
denied .
the mum-of-two previously told the east .
london tribunal how relationships at the company soured after she told .
her boss bordan tkachuk that # 1.4 million had not been invoiced .
giving evidence this morning , mr tkachuk accused the 34-year-old of setting ` false alarm bells ringing ' when she told lord sugar there was a problem .
legal battle : stella english , pictured arriving for the fourth day of the tribunal today , is claiming constructive dismissal by sir alan sugar -lrb- pictured yesterday -rrb- , who has called her ` suspicious ' and ` untrusting ' evidence : viglen chief executive bordan tkachuk -lrb- pictured right in the .
apprentice -rrb- accused her of ` running to the teacher ' by complaining to lord .
sugar about unpaid invoices .
` stella did n't understand .
this was work in progress so to come out and say there is missing money , .
then that is ridiculous without discussing it with me first , ' he said .
` numbers are all over place and it is normal there are outstanding amounts of money .
it is not a revelation .
` after the claimant went to lord sugar it was like she had set false alarm bells ringing .
` it 's like running to a school teacher claiming something that is n't true .
' previously she said when she emailed .
the viglen md asking if she could discuss these matters with him , he .
sent her a