a saudi cleric who once headed mecca 's religious police has received death threats after his wife appeared with him on tv wearing make-up without a veil .
sheikh ahmed al-ghamdi and his wife told the audience of a chat show that islam does not require women to hide their faces behind a niqab in public .
however his ` radical ' views have created a storm of controversy after his smiling wife , jawaher bint al-sheikh ali , was seen uncovered , even wearing nail varnish .
scroll down for video .
controversial : sheikh ahmad al-ghamdi , seen here , and his wife told the audience of national television show that islam does n't require women to hide their faces behind a niqab in public .
` happy now ?
every mobile phone now has a picture of your wife , you pimp , ' one outraged post on twitter read .
on the show , al-ghamdi told viewers : ` the prophet did not order women to cover their faces .
wearing make-up is allowed .
' ` no one is saying that it is not allowed for a woman to cover her face , but i am saying that it is not obligatory and i have evidence in jurisprudence of this .
' it 's a shocking u-turn for the former head of the religious police who was responsible for policing the dress code and behaviour of saudi citizens to ensure that they met strict religious requirements .
the ` police ' work on behalf of king abdullah and make sure that people do not go against strict islamic rule .
they patrol the streets checking dress code and strict separation of men and women .
confusion ?
al-ghamdi suggested that muslims became confused about ancient texts that mentioned the head scarf and the robe that women were commanded to wear .
king abdullah : the king employs a religious police to enforce behaviour that goes against strict islamic rule .
the host of the tv show , badria al-bishr , also appeared with her face uncovered in a move praised by liberals .
at the time of writing , the interview had racked up over a million views on youtube since it aired over the weekend .
but al-ghamdi told local paper , al-watan , that he had received several death threats with one radical