often overlooked in favour of it 's bigger sister stockholm , gothenburg , sweden 's second city , is making its mark on the culinary scene with four michelin star restaurants and a soaring food culture .
keen to sample a different aspect of swedish life , well-known presenter and dj alex zane visited the city to try some of its infamous seafood dishes .
` the city is still relatively untouched by tourists ' he says , and the best restaurant he ate in was sjömagasinet , which is ` the perfect place to enjoy fish in gothenburg ' .
read our q&a with him to find out what he made of the scandinavian city .
alex goes to gothenburg : ` the place was packed full of hidden marine gems ... .
all delicious !
' what hidden gems does gothenburg offer ?
described by many as the ` little london ' , i knew i was in for something special when i boarded the plane to sweden 's second city .
with a buzzing design scene and a vibrant bar culture , it 's not surprising that gothenburg is beginning to draw tourists in from across the world .
my visit to the city on the other hand , revealed some of the lesser-known reasons why people are making the journey here .
with the largest harbour in scandinavia -lrb- and it 's pretty impressive in size -rrb- and the term ` scandi food ' starting to be used by more and more visitors , the city 's reputation for cuisine is starting to appeal to more than just food experts .
for me , the place was packed full of hidden marine gems from the sea , all cooked and prepared in the ` gothenburg way ' and all delicious !
eat your heart out : scandinavian city now has four michelin star restaurants and a vibrant food scene .
catch of the day : gothenburg is known for its fresh fish and indoor feskekôrka market .
is it somewhere for a weekend or is there enough to do on a longer break ?
i could have eaten the food there for weeks , but there is more than enough to keep you entertained beyond the weekend if food alone does n't entice you .
we went to the liseberg amusement park on one of our