by .
jonathan o'callaghan .
you might think the future of driving will be limited to ` boring ' driverless cars that take us from place to place .
but toyota has other ideas in mind with their fv2 bike that looks like something out of the film tron .
they claim the bike , while autonomous , will be ` driving fun in the future ' by reading your emotions and providing information on its augmented reality display .
scroll down for video .
although teased before , the bike has now been unveiled at the new york auto show , which runs from 18 to 27 april .
if you think it looks like something plucked out of the realms of science fiction , you would n't be wrong .
the fv2 , which stands for ` fun vehicle 2 , ' is intended to give us a glimpse of a future where vehicle interaction between man and machine is greater than ever .
length : 3 metreswidth : 1.6 metresheight -lrb- sleep mode -rrb- : 0.99 metresheight -lrb- driving mode -rrb- : 1.78 metreswheelbase : 2.36 metresseating capacity : 1 .
the bike has four wheels : one at the rear , two in the middle and one at the front .
at the top of the bike is a sliding panel that closes when the bike is not in use .
` unlocking ' the bike will slide the panel up , allowing you to sit in the middle and also provide an interactive display on the panel 's interior .
using this display you can then give the bike a destination you wish to travel to .
the 2010 movie tron : legacy features ` light cycles ' that look fairly similar to toyota 's fv2 .
the bike 's display uses augmented reality to display real-time information , and the windshield also changes colour from red to green according to your mood .
the bike seems to offer a number of different positions for a rider to be in , from kneeling to standing .
how the rider would remain stable in some of these positions is unclear , but perhaps toyota are planning to include safety handles of some kind .
it 's also unclear what will power the bike , although an electric engine seems most likely .
the sizeable rear of