a dark cave thousands of feet up the side of a remote mountain in the philippines is the final resting place of these curious corpses known as ` fire mummies ' .
the ibaloi people , an ancient race from the philippines , smoked their dead dry for months to mummify them - giving them their firey nickname .
the preserved remains lie in dark caverns 4,000 ft up the side of mount timbac , near kabayan in the province of benguet , 200 miles north of capital manila .
scroll down for video .
creepy : some of the ibaloi fire mummies of the philippines , which were smoked dry for months to preserve them before being locked away in their mountain resting place for as long as 1,000 years .
necropolis : hundreds of skulls are piled up in the cave up the side of a mountain 200 miles north of manila .
protected : some of the corpses have been transferred to wooden boxes , presumably to protect them .
some of them have been locked away for more than 1,000 years .
the ibaloi 's burial practice endured until the arrival of spanish colonisers four hundred years ago and the mummy caves themselves remained untouched until the 19th century .
although only a handful of the mountainside ibaloi tombs are open to the public , many have become the target of vandals and looters in recent years .
it is believed only a few ibaloi elders know the specific locations of the 80 sacred caves .
they are said to perform ancient rituals at the tombs to this day .
well preserved : a close up of the feet of one corpse show how well it has lasted over hundreds of years .
ancient : the ibaloi 's burial practises endured until the arrival of spanish colonisers four hundred years ago .
camera shy : edgar alan zeta-yep , 31 , described how some mummies were positioned with their hands over their faces ` as if to shield the light from our torches ' .
right , mr zeta-yep looks at the entrance to the cave .
edgar alan zeta-yep , 31 , from the philippines , hiked up mount timbac to see the ancient mummies .
his visit came two decades after edgar first saw one of the mummies at a bangoiu city museum .