accused : ex-dane county sheriff 's deputy andrew steele , pictured , is accused of killing his wife .
police in wisconsin say that before she died , a wounded woman called 911 and identified the person who shot her as her brother-in-law , who had been a sheriff 's deputy .
a police affidavit obtained tuesday says kacee tollefsbol called 911 around 1 p.m. friday and said andy steele had shot her in the back .
when police arrived at steele 's home in the madison suburb of fitchburg they also found the body of his 39-year-old wife , ashlee steele , who had also been fatally shot .
the affidavit says the 38-year-old tollefsbol , of lake elmo , minnesota , also told a detective that andy steele had shot her before she died at uw hospital .
steele was arrested but has n't been charged .
the retired sheriff 's deputy had recently diagnosed with als and his wife was responsible for raising more than $ 20,000 to help him battle the disease .
authorities say ex-dane county deputy shot and killed the sisters in the couple 's fitchburg , wisconsin , home .
the dane county medical examiner determined both deaths were homicides .
fitchburg police were called to the couple 's home in the 3000 block of yarmouth greenway drive about 1 p.m. friday .
according to the affidavit , tollefsbol called 911 from her sister 's home and said her brother-in-law had shot her in the back and she thought he must have shot himself because she heard two shots .
officers found her in the basement , where she again said her brother-in-law had shot her .
she died shortly after arriving at the hospital .
accused : andrew steele is wheeled out of his home in a stretcher friday after allegedly murdering his wife and her sister .
members of a sheriff 's department swat team found ashlee steele dead in the home .
she had been shot in the head .
they found andrew steele in a laundry room and a 9 mm pistol on the counter .
he had not been shot but had non-life-threatening injuries consistent with a suicide attempt .
the affidavit said two rounds had been fired in the house .
according to twincities.com , no motive has been released for the slayings .
the steeles have