riot police in ukraine fell to their knees to ask for forgiveness for their colleagues who shot and beat antigovernment protesters in the recent kiev massacre .
the extraordinary scenes in lviv involved the berkut elite anti-riot force whose members had returned from duty in the capital .
they apologised on a stage in front of pro-europe protesters .
yesterday in the city of lviv members of the same unit were forced to knee on a stage and beg for forgiveness .
the officers told locals that they did not beat protesters , during a rally in central lviv .
officers from lviv berkut special police unit beg people of ukraine to forgive them .
returning from duty in kiev , crowds greeted them with chants of ` shame !
' and ` tribunal ' ' i am asking you to forgive us , ' said an officer who stood in front of other men .
in memory of those who were killed , we want to kneel down .
' the officers were greeted with chants of ` shame !
' and ` tribunal ' but they stressed they had not killed or beaten people themselves .
today it was revealed that some berkut riot police personnel have disappeared along with weapons .
interim interior minister arsen avakov said the officers were alarmed at the prospect of an investigation into their conduct on independence square when dozens of protesters were killed last week .
begging for forgiveness : members of berkut anti-riot unit prepare to leave their barracks in kiev .
brutal : berkut riot police shoot rubber bullets toward anti-government protesters on independence square on february 19 .
clashes : berkut riot police throw stones at anti-government protesters , who are throwing rocks in return .
riot police involved in more clashes with anti-government protesters on independence square on february 19 .
` we have difficulties with the berkut units which have been left without leadership .
` their leadership have fled , that is why today 's check up has shown that 35 persons are not at their subunit 's base .
this is a problem .
' in odessa and crimea in contrast , returning berkut police have been cheered by crowds waving russian flags , highlighting the deep divisions on the country over last week 's events which led to a revolution and the fleeing