by .
emily crane .
without a trace : blesilda gotingco , 56 , went missing after getting off a bus close to her auckland home on saturday night .
a body has been found in a new zealand cemetery after police charged a 27-year-old man with the murder of woman who went missing at the weekend .
blesilda gotingco , 56 , went missing after getting off a bus close to her auckland home on saturday night .
her mobile phone and shoes were found about 400 metres from the bus stop on the way to her home in birkdale , north of the city .
police found a body , believed to be that of ms gotingco , in a bush area of the eskdale cemetery on monday night .
a 27-year-old man is expected to appear in the north shore district court on tuesday afternoon or wednesday .
the gotingco family have been advised of the arrest and are devastated , according to police .
a team of 30 police officers had been looking for ms gotingco after she was reported missing by her family .
gotingco had planned to catch a bus from auckland city after finishing work at 7pm at tower insurance .
she spoke to her adult son at 6.21 pm but when her daughter arrived home from work about 3.15 am on sunday , she noticed her mother was n't home .
police found a body , believed to be that of ms gotingco , in a bush area of the eskdale cemetery on monday night .
officers erected a marquee tent at the cemetery after cordoning off the area .
neighbours said they heard a high-pitched scream followed by a car driving off near the place where her phone and shoes were found on sunday morning .
police were previously perplexed as to what happened to ms gotingco , revealing on monday they had no clue as to how she simply disappeared .
` our ideas are limitless but we hope she 's alive out there and someone knows where she is , ' police told reporters .
police charged a 27-year-old man on tuesday morning for the woman 's death .
police guarded the entrance to the eskdale cemetery in birkdale in connection with the search for blessie gotingco .
sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .