by .
martin robinson .
published : .
11:12 est , 6 august 2012 .
| .
updated : .
04:27 est , 7 august 2012 .
pictured for the first time , these are the 11 men and women who have admitted carrying out a sustained campaign of neglect , abuse and torture aimed at the vulnerable patients they were meant to care for .
bbc 's panorama caught them attacking disabled patients , with shocking footage showing victims being slapped , kicked , sat on and drenched with water at winterbourne view care home in bristol .
and now a year on from those disturbing revelations these workers have admitted cruelty charges , and will be sentenced later this year .
scroll down to see the shocking footage .
abusers : -lrb- left to right -rrb- kelvin fore , michael ezenagu , neil ferguson , sookalingun appoo and wayne rogers .
-lrb- bottom left to right -rrb- alison dove , charlotte cotterell , danny brake , graham doyle , holly draper and jason gardiner .
the final and now 11th former worker .
arrested , michael ezenagu , 28 , pleaded guilty at bristol crown court .
today to the ill treatment of patients .
wayne .
rogers , 31 , graham doyle , 25 , allison dove , 24 , jason gardiner , .
42 , charlotte cotterell , 21 , holly draper , 22 , all admitted similar .
offences .
while kelvin fore , 32 , sookalingun appoo , 58 , and danny brake , .
26 , and neil ferguson , 28 , have also previously admitted neglect .
a five-week undercover investigation , screened last june , filmed abuse at the privately-owned , purpose-built , 24-bed facility , on the outskirts of bristol .
following today 's case avon and somerset police released mugshots of the 11 defendants for the first time .
detective chief superintendent louisa rolfe said : ' i wish to acknowledge the support and patience of the victims and their families throughout our inquiry .
inquiry : panorama filmed residents at winterbourne view being assaulted and bullied .
this poor woman was dragged across the floor .
` we were shocked by the panorama programme as many people were .
the voice of the victim has been central to our investigation into this case .
` the investigation has