a wheelchair-bound council equalities adviser who arranged to have sex with a five-year-old girl and her mother at a travelodge has been jailed for two-and-a-half years today .
andrew holdsworth-wild , 59 , bragged online that he loves to ` have kids play with me ' as he arranged to meet the mother , who was actually an undercover police officer .
the westminster council officer was arrested by waiting police at victoria station in central london with condoms , a box of .
smarties , a colouring book and train tickets to maidstone , kent .
prison : andrew holdsworth-wild , who suffers from muscular dystrophy , was jailed for two-and-a-half years today .
covert officer ` jo ' made contact with .
holdsworth-wild through the true nudist website , as he sought out sex .
with her fictional daughter ` chloe ' , southwark crown court heard .
the conversations then moved to an msn .
forum where he said he enjoyed getting naked with his imaginary .
` daughter ' and liked ` playing , having sex and sexy times ' .
holdsworth-wild also said he would ` love to play with a family ' and made incestuous suggestions to jo .
holdsworth-wild , truro , .
cornwall , who has muscular dystrophy , wept .
as he was jailed today and begged not to be handcuffed to a dock officer .
as he was led from the court to begin his sentence .
he had denied a single count of arranging or facilitating the .
commission of a child sex offence but was convicted after a retrial .
gregory fishwick , for holdsworth-wild , tried to persuade the judge to pass a suspended prison sentence , adding : ` it is a simple example that for this man , life with a custody sentence would affect him far greater than any other sort of defendant .
' but judge john price said an immediate jail sentence was the only way of dealing with holdsworth-wild .
` i have no doubt he intended , had he been able to do so , to commit the act ' , he said .
` there are powerful points of mitigation , but in my judgement it has to be an immediate custody sentence .
' he was arrested at victoria station and he was carrying condoms , a colouring