stop : u.s. district judge catherine perry in st. louis ordered that the ' keep it moving ' policy cease .
a federal judge ordered missouri law enforcement agencies to stop forcing protesters to ` keep moving ' or face arrest deeming the practice unconstitutional .
u.s. district judge catherine perry in st. louis ordered that the practice cease following a lawsuit filed by the american civil liberties union of missouri challenging the policy .
in an effort to control angry crowds , authorities in ferguson , missouri have used the tactic on those demonstrating over the aug. 9 murder of the unarmed african-american teen michael brown who was shot and killed by darren wilson , a ferguson police department officer .
since the murder , violent protests have taken place in the small missouri town , many have been arrested , and many peaceful protesters have been threatened with arrest for failing to ` keep it moving .
' but not anymore .
perry issued an injunction monday , the guardian reports , stating that the police tactic unjustly restricts protester 's first amendment rights .
scroll down for video .
keep it moving : u.s. district judge catherine perry in st. louis ordered that the ' keep it moving ' policy cease following a lawsuit filed by the american civil liberties union of missouri challenging the policy .
missouri state highway patrol and st. louis county police are no longer permitted to ` arrest , threaten to arrest , or order to move ' those standing on ferguson public sidewalks not breaking the law , according to perry .
in the order , perry described the tactic as a ` blanket rule ' that is being used on those assembling peacefully .
five-second rule : ferguson police began using the tactic in mid-august calling it the ` five-second rule ' telling protesters that they must be moving at all times and could n't stand still for more than five seconds without facing arrest .
justice : michael brown -lrb- right -rrb- was killed aug. 9 by darren wilson -lrb- left -rrb- a ferguson police department officer .
perry wrote in the order that she issued the injunction ` because it is likely that these agencies will again apply this unconstitutional policy .
' though this ` unconstitutional ' policy has been halted , perry reportedly warned that police