the minnesota man .
accused of fatally shooting two teenagers has a surveillance system that .
recorded the cousins as they broke into his home on thanksgiving .
day .
the warrants allege byron david smith was sitting in .
a basement chair when he shot nicholas brady , 17 , and that he shot haile kifer , 18 , minutes .
later .
the warrants also say smith appeared to have blood on his shoes .
and clothes when authorities arrived .
authorities learned of the video and .
audio recordings while searching smith 's home .
they subsequently seized .
several computer memory cards and computer equipment .
scroll down for video .
killed : the bodies of cousins haile kifer , 18 , left , and nicholas brady , 17 , right , were found stashed in the .
basement of a man who claimed the teens broke into his home on .
thanksgiving .
before the burglary was discovered , .
deputies were called to smith 's neighborhood because a red mitsubishi .
eclipse was spotted in the driveway of a home owned by richard l. johnson , morrison county sheriff michel wetzel said .
nicholas .
brady , 17 , had been driving that car , although it was n't registered to .
him .
deputies questioned him , but then let him go , wetzel said .
a day later , byron smith shot and killed brady and brady 's 18-year-old cousin , haile kifer , in the basement of his little falls home .
smith told authorities that he disturbed the pair as they tried to break into his house and that he shot them in self-defense .
the same red mitsubishi eclipse was discovered friday parked around the corner from smith 's property .
in custody : byron smith was arrested after admitting to police he had killed the teens a day earlier .
` there are some preliminary indications that the johnson burglary may have been committed by the brady boy and the kifer girl , but it 's too early now to say definitively , ' wetzel said , adding that more information could be made available later today .
the minneapolis startribune reported that johnson , a retired high school teacher , had been in spain and did not know his home had been burglarized until he returned to