by .
richard spillett .
students at a top private school have produced a tarantino-style leavers ' video - which even features simon cowell .
the hour-long film produced by students at highgate school , north london includes a member of staff walking through the playground firing at pupils with a plastic machine gun .
he wields the weapon as youngsters are seen running in horror - before another tutor pretends to be shot and drops down dead .
scroll down for video .
the film produced by students at north london 's highgate school features a teacher shooting a toy gun .
the hour-long film ends with music mogul simon cowell giving his critique of the movie .
the hollywood-style film the ends with a critique from simon cowell , who jokes the pupils should ` stick to their day jobs ' .
the film gives an insight into the cultural reference points of today 's school leavers , with students featured cooking crystal meth in a nod to hit series breaking bad and twerking like controversial pop star miley cyrus .
the video , which was posted on youtube three weeks ago , also features cowell , who gives an x factor-style analysis of the pupils ' performance .
at the end of the video , cowell says : ` unbelievable , i expected better from highgate .
that video was complete and utter rubbish .
kidding .
' i like it .
i loved it .
good luck to all the highgate 2014 leavers .
and do n't quit your day job .
' adam pettitt , headmaster of # 18,000-a-year highgate , says the at-times violent film was made in a spirit of fun .
he said : ' a leavers ' film without controversy would be like fish and chips without the salt and vinegar , and the annual question is whether this joke or that joke is , in fact , in bad taste .
' the # 18,000-a-year school has defended itself against any accusations the video is in bad taste .
students scatter from the school 's playground as the teacher emerges with a gun in the film .
he denied claims that it referenced school massacres , added : ' i know that my leavers in 2014 would be genuinely upset if survivors of the tragic gun massacres in the us