by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
12:54 est , 10 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
15:45 est , 10 march 2014 .
it 's hard to know how anyone could feel anything but love for these two , but left on their own , a couple of unwanted pets have found a true bond in each other after a dog rescued a baby kitten in barstow , california .
beignet , a longhaired chihuahua , and gumbo , a tiny gray kitten , are a package deal , and were found by neighbors of a family who had moved away in early january .
the dog was found nursing the tiny kitten on a night when temperatures fell below freezing and would have died without the dog 's help .
scroll down for video .
best friends : a long-haired chihuahua and a tiny gray kitten from california are looking for a new home after being abandoned by their previous owners .
friendly fur : beignet the dog adopted gumbo the kitten after they were abandoned by their owners .
what a couple !
the two have been aptly named for their mardi gras debut - the pup is now called beignet and her kitten son is known as gumbo .
now an animal shelter , the helen woodward center in rancho santa fe is seeking a home for the unlikely pair that has redefined the mother and son bond .
beignet and gumbo 's remarkable story began when neighbors reported hearing what sounded like a relocated family 's abandoned dog tending to a new puppy in their former backyard .
with evening temperatures falling to 20 degrees , efforts were made to rescue the canine family .
instead of a new puppy , however , the mother dog was found nursing an abandoned kitten .
the animal shelter says the duo have provided a great deal of inspiration .
mardi gras parade : ` they love each other .
that 's all there is to it .
it 's not complicated , ' said the center 's inventory manager , labeth thompson .
` they needed each other and they were there for each other ' staying put : kitten gumbo stays near his mother ¿ s side .
symbolic : the two have been aptly named for their mardi gras debut -