a carer was caught red-handed stealing cash from a dementia-suffering grandmother after her suspicious family installed a spy camera .
edward helps , 61 , and his wife susan , 60 , rigged up the hidden device and concealed it inside a dvd player to catch leeanne edwards , 38 , in the act .
they became suspicious after susan 's frail mother irene goody , 85 , repeatedly asked for more money and cash kept disappearing last march .
but after police reportedly told them they were ` too busy ' to investigate , the family were forced to gather evidence themselves .
scroll down for video .
leeanne edwards was caught on camera stealing from dementia sufferer irene goody , 85 , after mrs goody 's family became concerned that money was going missing and set up a cctv camera in her flat .
mr helps bought a secret recording device from the internet and set it up at the sheltered flat in droitwich , worcestershire .
the camera then captured edwards brazenly rifling through drawers for cash .
mr helps handed the evidence over to police and edwards was arrested in may last year and charged with theft .
she pleaded guilty to stealing # 120 at worcester magistrates court yesterday and was told she could face jail when she is sentenced next month .
after the case , mr helps told how the family were forced to investigate the matter and gather evidence themselves when west mercia police refused to help .
the company director said : ` we were sure something was up because my mother-in-law kept asking for more money and was confused as to what she had spent it on .
` this kept happening over a period of weeks and it was starting to really upset her .
hundreds of pounds was going missing .
` when i contacted the police with our concerns they said they could n't help because they were too busy and did not have enough staff .
` they told me without evidence they could n't do anything - but surely it 's their jobs to at least look for evidence .
' the family said mrs goody trusted and liked edwards and was shocked when she saw the footage .
mr helps added : ` they -lsb- police -rsb- just said `` we 've got more