the life of a boy just days away from his third birthday was tragically cut short when he made a sudden turn on his scooter and was hit by an suv being driven by his mother .
tallin ` tui ' harding was riding his scooter in front of the family 's home in lehi , utah with his father kaj on saturday afternoon when he suddenly darted in front of his mother 's suv as she was leaving the driveway .
the boy 's grandfather , craig harding , said the mother-of-five is devastated and inconsolable .
tallin ` tui ' harding was tragically killed just days before his third birthday while riding his scooter when he darted in front of an suv being driven by his mother in front of their home in lehi , utah .
craig harding , the boy 's grandfather said the boy 's parents , nikki and kaj harding , are devastated and that the mother-of-five was ` inconsolable ' ` she is just beside herself , ' craig told fox 13 now .
` she has n't slept since , well , all night long .
she has n't eaten anything .
dad and her are totally distraught , of course .
' craig said his daughter-in-law , nikki harding , did n't see her youngest ` because of the height of the vehicle and smallness-of the child ' as he ` ran right into the front tire ' .
police said young tallin , nicknamed tui by his grandfather albert cameron iv , immediately died at the scene .
lehi police sgt. bill loveridge said no citations would be issued for the tragic accident .
` it was very traumatic for everybody , ' he told desert news .
craig described his grandson as a ` delightful ' little boy with ` his own little sense of humor , his own little personality ' .
` this is something you just do n't think about , ' he told fox 13 now .
` whoever thinks about having to plan a funeral arrangement for a two-year-old child ?
' neighbors have been tying around ribbons in tui 's favorite color , brigham young university 's blue , on trees in the community as a tribute to the child and his family .
neighbors have been tying ribbons in tui 's favorite