a former cia director said that the u.s. is the only country that could carry out a sustained attack against iran 's nuclear facilities in an effort to dissuade any such action by israel .
michael hayden , who was the director of the central intelligence agency until 2009 , granted an interview with israel 's oldest daily newspaper saying that issues regarding the location of the weapons , the stockpile of the attacker , and the collection of sufficient planning would all cause problems if israel were to attack and not america .
' i do not underestimate the israeli talent , but geometry and physics tell us that iran 's nuclear program would pose a difficult challenge to any military , ' mr hayden told haaretz .
dissuasion : former cia director michael hayden spoke to an israeli newspaper telling them a list of reasons why america would strike iran more efficiently than iran .
he explained that because any thorough attack on iran would not be a one-time event and would require repeated efforts , the united states would be better equipped because ` israel 's resources are more limited ' than america 's .
for decades , the relationship between the islamic republic of iran and the jewish state of israel has been contentious but more extreme rhetoric by iranian leaders escalated the balance to a worrying tipping point .
as united nations sanctions have done little to prevent iran from continuing their nuclear weapons development , israel continues to feel pressure to pre-emptively strike , but mr hayden was quick to push for patience , giving several reasons as justification .
` there is no absolute certainty that all targets are known , ' he said of the various nuclear development sites in iran .
dangerous : tensions have continued to grow over iran 's nuclear capability , and president mahmoud ahmandinejad -lrb- center -rrb- was see touring the facilities in 2008 .
locations : hayden said one of the problems with any potential strike would be that it will be difficult to find out where all of iran 's facilities - like this one in bushehr - are located .
` they will have to be revisited - which only the u.s. air force would be able to do - and the operation will only set the iranians back some time and actually push