leo santa cruz , the vaunted us-based mexican who defends his wbc world super-bantamweight title on the floyd mayweather-marcos maidana undercard in las vegas , is offering to fight belfast 's new folk hero carl frampton next .
as he prepared to enter the las vegas ring against long-time friend and fellow mexican manuel roman , santa cruz passed appreciative judgement on frampton 's brilliant winning of the ibf title from kiko martinez last saturday night .
santa cruz said : ` i am really hoping for a unification fight against frampton next .
i was impressed by his win over martinez and he is a very good boxer but i am confident i can beat him .
' video scroll down to watch mayweather ready for title defence .
leo santa cruz , pictured here fighting cristian mjares in las vegas back in march , has been impressed by belfast fighter carl frampton and hinted they could meet in his next contest .
santa cruz was impressed by the manner in which frampton beat kiko martinez in belfast last weekend .
so confident that he adds : ` yes , i am willing to fight in belfast even though frampton has all that home support there .
' santa cruz then sees himself going on to england to relieve scott quigg of the wba ` regular ' belt he defends against belgium 's stephane jamoye in manchester this saturday night .
all that would be by way of preparation for a duel for the undisputed super-bantam crown against cuban maestro guillermo rigondeaux .
the wbo champion 's brilliant defensive style has been criticised as unexciting in the us and santa cruz says : ` we need to build a meeting between me and rigondeaux into a super-fight because on his own he does not attract a big audience .
' santa cruz has also set his sights on fighting england 's scott quigg -lrb- left -rrb- , seen here against tshifhiwa munyai .
santa cruz is fighting on the undercard of the mayweather-maidana rematch in las vegas on saturday night .
wins over frampton and quigg would help him in that enterprise but there may be a delay if the belfast jackal is forced first to make a mandatory ibf defence against america 's little-known chris avalos .
meanwhile , golden boy promotions are willing to offer david haye