by .
victoria woollaston .
it 's easy to forget that bugs have faces - complete with eyes , a mouth and , if not a nose , a pair of large antennae .
but now a wildlife photographer has captured extreme close-ups of creepy crawlies - revealing the complex compound eyes of flies , the triangular profile of a praying mantis and a moth during metamorphosis among others .
many of the images have been lit in such a way they resemble mind tricks , optical illusions and even ink blots .
this macro image of a pair of owlflies was taken by 33-year-old photographer yudy sauw at his home studio in tangerang , indonesia .
owlflies are dragonfly-like insects with large eyes .
they are distant relatives of flies , dragonflies and damselflies and typically grow up to 2-inches -lrb- 5cm -rrb- long .
the images were shot by 33-year-old yudy sauw at his home studio in tangerang , indonesia .
he used a photography technique known as focus stacking , also known as focus blending , which combines multiple shots of the same subject , taken at different focal distances .
sauw was able to capture the extreme close-ups by placing his camera 4-inches away , but other shots were captured at up to 20-inches distance .
each image took around ten minutes and involved sauw keeping calm and still so not to disturb the insects .
sauw said : ` all of the photographs were taken in my studio in indonesia .
all of the insects had to be incredibly still for the process to work .
among his collection were a pair of owlflies , which sauw captured facing each other to resemble an ink blot .
owlflies are dragonfly-like insects with large eyes .
they are distant relatives of flies , dragonflies and damselflies and typically grow up to 2-inches -lrb- 5cm -rrb- long .
the images were shot using a photography technique known as focus stacking , also known as focus blending , which combines multiple shots of the same subject , taken at different focal distances .
sauw was able to capture extreme close-ups , including this shot of a soldierfly , by placing his camera 4-inches -lrb- 10cm -rrb- away .
in addition to insects , sauw also shot alien-looking images of praying mantises .
the head consists of a rounded