silent suspect : dzhokhar tsarnaev stopped talking when he was read his rights by police officials .
the surviving suspect in the boston marathon bombings admitted to his role in the attacks to the fbi - but clammed up when finally read his miranda rights .
it has been revealed that dzhokhar tsarnaev , 19 , initially confessed to authorities that he and his older brother , tamerlan tsarnaev , 26 , carried out the attacks during 16-hours of questioning over the weekend .
dzhokhar has been communicating with law enforcement officials by writing on a pad after suffering an injury to his throat during the frenzied manhunt for him which renders him unable to talk .
however , the moment he was read his rights on monday - which as a citizen of the united states entitle him to the constitutional right to remain silent and seek a lawyer - he stopped communicating .
indeed , it has been claimed that federal agents were surprised when a magistrate judge and a representative from the u.s. attorney 's office entered the hospital room and read tsarnaev his rights , four officials and one law enforcement official said .
investigators had planned to keep questioning him .
this apparent confusion came after the white house decided against treating tsarnaev as an enemy combatant .
it is unclear as to whether this will .
matter in court as the fbi says tsarnaev has already confessed to a witness .
a spokeswoman for u.s. attorney carmen ortiz said : ` before being advised of his rights , .
the 19-year-old suspect told authorities that his older brother , .
tamerlan tsarnaev , 26 , only recently had recruited him to be part of the .
attack ' .
tsarnaev and his brother , dzokhar tsarnaev , are accused of carrying out the april 15 twin bombings that killed three people and injured more than 260 .
mr livingstone sparked controversy by suggesting the brothers who launched the attack on the city 's marathon acted ` out of anger and demand for revenge ' over american foreign policy .
the debate over whether suspected .
terrorists should be read their miranda rights has become a sticking point .
many repuplicans believe they hinder intelligence gathering .
the department of justice has said .
investigators may wait until they have gathered intelligence about other .