whether she 's going high-fashion in a balmain campaign or popping out to the shops , kim kardashian never fails to look flawless .
but you can guarantee the 33-year-old did n't roll out of bed looking that good .
indeed , the world famous reality tv star and fashion icon has a glam squad on hand 24 hours a day to help her look immaculate .
one key cog in kim 's well-oiled machine is her make-up artist and old friend , mario dedivanovic .
scroll down for video .
kim kardashian 's make-up artist has shared his latest techniques for giving the star her flawless glow .
mario , who was the man that made sure she was picture-perfect for her and kanye west 's nuptials last year , has shared his latest tips and tricks behind perfecting kim 's contoured look .
speaking to grazia middle east , mario shared his top tips for defining kim 's eyes , creating a flawless base and revealed how he gives her those glossy lips .
he explained that to play up the drama of kim 's eyes , he uses a darker shade along her eye crease and a really light one to highlight her brow bone .
kim apparently loves wearing golden hues along her bottom lash and he uses liquid eyeliner ` winged up and out ' to complete the look .
mario dedivanovic met kim on a make-up shoot in new york over five years ago and they 've been working together ever since .
mario was the man that made sure she was picture-perfect for her and kanye west 's nuptials last year .
although she 's one of the globe 's wealthiest stars who could have her pick of the most high-end products , kim is happiest when mario uses drugstore brands .
to give her lashes volume , he sweeps on two coats of l'oreal voluminous mascara in carbon black .
revealing the key secret behind her famously contoured cheekbones , mario says he swears by giella eye m glam highlighter - a sheer highlighting powder he created for the brand .
he claims it gives you the most gorgeous , natural golden glow thanks to the pure and natural mineral pigments that diffuse light and make the skin look more luminous .
the multi-purpose product , which costs # 23 -lrb- $