an experimental surgery that implants an electronic device into the brain of people that are profoundly deaf to stimulate an awareness of sound has allowed a little boy in canada to hear things for the time .
and watching the moment that three-year-old auguste majkowski responds to music for the first time is sure to melt your heart .
the montreal toddler was born deaf but only properly diagnosed at 18-months-old .
doctors initially gave him bilateral cochlear implants , but following the surgery and six months of therapy , auguste did not respond whatsoever , according to fox news .
scroll down for video .
profoundy dead : auguste majkowski , 3 , from montreal , was given cochlear implants in both ears after he was diagnosed as at 18-months-old , but they did not work .
smart : afer his mother sophia gareau -lrb- left -rrb- saw on facebook that a child in north carolina had received a brainstem implant to help him hear , she went about researching .
ready to go : in may , auguste underwent brain surgery as part of a six-hour procedure to implant the abi device .
it was n't until his mother , sophie gareau , stumbled across a viral video on facebook featuring a deaf patient who had undergone a new procedure and began to hear again .
the video showed north carolina toddler grayson clamp hearing his father 's voice for the first time .
the surgery , an auditory brainstem implant -lrb- abi -rrb- , has only been performed about 1,000 times .
gareau began researching and believed her son was an ideal candidate .
she tracked down the team of doctors in california who performed the operation .
after a successful six-hour bran surgery in la in may , auguste has slowly been introduced to some sounds .
but his biggest breakthrough to date was at a recent family gathering when he began - much to the marvel of his parents - to react to music .
priceless : this is the moment auguste reacts to music , which he is able to hear for the first time .
` more , more ' : the three-year-old , who is learning to sign , does the symbol for ` again ' when the song comes on .
dance time : auguste jumps to his feet as the