northampton broke leicester hearts in last season 's aviva premiership play-offs - and saints boss jim mallinder believes the tigers will be ` hurting ' ahead of saturday 's showdown at franklin 's gardens .
the dramatic 21-20 victory for northampton , which was secured by a late tom wood try , ended leicester 's run of appearing in every premiership final since 2004 .
northampton marched on to twickenham , where they beat saracens in similarly dramatic circumstances to be crowned english champions for the first time , and victory this weekend would guarantee they lead the premiership heading into christmas .
northampton boss jim mallinder wants his team to be wary of leicester looking for revenge on saturday .
` it is going to be massive again , ' mallinder said .
` leicester have had a few sort of ups and downs a little bit this season , but generally they are getting back up there , they are playing well , they have got lots of players back and we know that games against leicester are good spicy affairs .
' while tigers will arrive in the hotbed of an east midlands derby following back-to-back european champions cup games against french heavyweights toulon , saints hardly broke sweat in racking up more than 100 points at italian side treviso 's expense .
mallinder , though , does not not believe such contrasting derby build-ups will have any bearing on their fierce rivals ' latest meeting .
` sometimes , it can help you in that you are playing at that level and intensity , but i think all our players are used to it , ' mallinder added .
` they play in enough big games over the season , and we are going into it in good shape .
we have got a good fit squad .
` what a cracking game it was last time -lrb- against leicester -rrb- .
courtney lawes is looking forward to being involved in another exciting encounter against leicester .
` it was so close and could have gone either way , so they will be hurting , but we also remember they 've had the better record against us over the past few outings .
` we won the last one , but generally they 've done the job on us .
' england lock courtney lawes ,