two albuquerque police officers were charged with murder monday in the shooting death of a knife-wielding homeless man that led to sometimes violent protests and a federal investigation into the city 's police force .
the decision to bring murder charges occurred at a time when police tactics are under intense scrutiny nationwide , fueled by the fatal shooting of an unarmed 18-year-old in ferguson , missouri , and the chokehold death of another unarmed man in new york city .
grand juries declined to charge officers in those cases , leading to large protests .
acknowledging the frustration over the secrecy of the proceedings in those cases , the albuquerque district attorney said she would bypass the grand jury process and instead present the murder case to a judge at a preliminary hearing that will be open to the public .
caught on camera : james boyd , 38 , left , is shown during a standoff with officers in the sandia foothills in albuquerque , new mexico before police fatally shot him .
murderers ?
swat team member dominique perez -lrb- right -rrb- and former detective keith sandy -lrb- left -rrb- fatally shot james boyd , a mentally ill homeless man who had frequent violent run-ins with law enforcement and they 've now been charged with murder .
` unlike ferguson and unlike in new york city , we 're going to know .
the public is going to have that information , ' district attorney kari brandenburg said .
police said swat team member dominique perez and former detective keith sandy fatally shot james boyd , a mentally ill homeless man who had frequent violent run-ins with law enforcement .
video from an officer 's helmet camera showed boyd appearing to surrender when officers opened fire , but a defense lawyer characterized him as an unstable suspect who was ` unpredictably and dangerously close to a defenseless officer while he was wielding two knives .
' ` i 'm looking forward ... to the da 's office presenting one single witness that says this is murder , ' said sam bergman , a lawyer for sandy .
the district attorney refused to provide specifics about the reasons for bringing the case , but said it was a lengthy and deliberate process involving several members of her staff .
according to kob , police recordings revealed officer keith