families of passengers on the missing malaysia airlines flight have expressed mixed feelings over whether the new data released shows that authorities are on the right path to finding the missing plane .
australian danica weeks , whose husband paul had just started a new fly-in fly-out job in mongolia when he went missing aboard mh370 , is a spokesperson for voice 370 , a committee set up to represent families of the 239 passengers and crew who were on the plane .
this group put the pressure on malaysia airlines to release the raw satellite data , and weeks told the sydney morning herald a that the move was a ` step towards transparency ' , but ` we are not sure why they held onto it for so long .
' scroll down for video .
danica weeks , whose husband paul was aboard missing plane mh370 says releasing the data was a move towards transparency .
` there does not seem to be anything in there that would have held back its release .
we are grappling with completely changed lives and ... trying to fight to get transparency at the same time .
we have been through enough , ' she said .
but the data has left their families bewildered and they have complained that the report is missing data , as well as comparable records from previous .
flights on mh370 's route that the families had requested .
weeks also said that the voice 370 would welcome anyone who can help them interpret the data and give feedback to the group .
the data from satellite communications with the plane , which runs to 47 pages in a report prepared by inmarsat , features hourly ` handshakes ' - or network log-on confirmations - after the aircraft disappeared from civilian radar screens on march 8 .
malaysia 's acting transport minister datuk seri hishammuddin hussein announced the data that helped track mh370 -lrb- pictured -rrb- will be released to the public tomorrow .
families of passengers are hoping that opening up the data to analysis by a wider range of experts can help verify the plane 's last location , nearly three months after the boeing 777 with 239 passengers and crew disappeared .
` when .
we first asked for the data it was more than two months ago .
i never