west ham striker diafra sakho has spoken of his ` sadness and anger ' at criticism directed towards him for not representing senegal at the african nations cup this month .
sakho was ruled out of the three-week tournament with a back injury , but came off the bench to score the winner on sunday as the hammers beat bristol city 1-0 in the fa cup fourth round .
a number of senegal fans vented their frustration on sakho 's official facebook page by posting comments underneath a picture of him celebrating the goal at ashton gate .
west ham striker diafra sakho celebrate putting sam allardyce 's side into a 1-0 lead against bristol city .
sakho salutes the travelling fans after coming off the bench and giving the irons a crucial late lead .
one fan wrote : ` so you 're not injured ?
' and another commented : ` congratulations on your goal , i hope you never play for senegal again , the senegalese people feel betrayed .
' sakho responded : ' i took the time to browse all your reactions on social networks .
very quickly my joy from scoring and rescuing my club has turned into sadness and anger .
` sadness because some of your words touched me deep in my person and my heart and this , without you knowing what has really happened .
sakho and aaron cresswell celebrate in front of the 1,006 hammers faithful at ashton gate .
` and great anger , because after all my struggles day after day , season after season to finally wear the jersey of my homeland , and my family , the only nation that matters to me - you doubt my love and my patriotism .
` my absence at can 2015 -lrb- the african nations cup -rrb- , my first can , was not painless .
` the dream of contributing to the victory of my country got away from me this year , but it is not dead !
` never doubt the lion sleeping in me , as i never doubt the passion that burns within you .
' senegal accused west ham of a ` lack of respect ' when the striker withdrew from the african nations cup earlier this month and threatened to consult fifa and the football association to prevent the 25-year-old from