by .
bianca london .
published : .
11:00 est , 7 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:01 est , 7 november 2013 .
prince charles and duchess of cornwall were given a very royal welcome after they checked into one of the most luxurious resorts in the himalayas last night .
the couple , who are on a nine day tour of india , checked into the ananda spa , a five-star wellness resort located in the tranquil foothills of himalayan mountains , close to the holy cities of haridwar and rishikesh .
the heir to the throne and his wife were given a traditional .
welcome and were presented with a garland of rudraksh mala beads , which promise the wearer good health and respect .
welcome : prince charles and camilla , duchess of cornwall , arrive at the ananda spa in the himalayas .
welcome : the pair were presented with a garland of traditional rudraksh mala beads on arrival .
after the welcome , prince charles and camilla relaxed in the spa hotel 's tea lounge and enjoyed a cup of the resort 's signature ananda elixir , .
made from ginger and honey .
the royal pair were following in the footsteps of the last .
viceroy of india and first governor-general of the independent dominion .
of india , lord mountbatten , the great-uncle of prince charles , who stayed at the resort 60 years ago .
before getting to enjoy the comforts of the hotel , prince charles and the duchess of cornwall , like lord mountbatten before them , attended a solemn ceremony of thanks held on the banks of the river ganges .
during the ceremony , which took place in .
the nearby city of rishikesh , the prince led his wife by the hand .
to the banks of the river where they joined hindu worshippers .
conducting the aarti ceremony , which is performed every evening by devotees .
spacious : villas come with a living room , a pantry for the butler , a dressing room and a huge bathroom .
room with a view : villas also have private rooftop jaccuzzis and views over the ganges .
nature : the spa prides itself on being a retreat that will leave you breathless with glee at the surroundings .
tea lounge : the