published : .
05:19 est , 26 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:07 est , 26 march 2013 .
this is the terrifying moment conservationists were attacked by a group of furious falcons as they tried to tag their young .
in a scene that could have come straight from the famous hitchcock film the birds , university researchers are forced to defend themselves with wooden shields as the birds swoop down at them , talons bared .
the hairy moment was caught on head cameras worn by the team , as they tried to track the young birds at toledo university , ohio .
scroll down for video .
swooping in : a falcon with his talons bared makes a grab for one of the conservationist 's head .
one of the falcons attacks one of the workers in a scene that could have come straight from the famous hitchcock film the birds .
experts at the university removed the chicks from the nests , on the university 's premises , for approximately 45 minutes , in a bid to take blood samples , checking for the presence of toxic chemicals , weigh each one , and clamp them with an id band .
but the angry parents were clearly furious that their nests were being targeted - and the staff from the ohio department of natural resources ' division of wildlife were forced to turn out well prepared for attack .
brave conservationists stand firm while being constantly attacked by the menacing birds - which have a wingspan of more than a metre .
and the parents ' do n't give up on their vicious attack until the workers have finished and retreat - when they are gratefully reunited with their chicks .
take cover : the group of conservationists raise their shields as the falcon swoops .
workers from the ohio department of natural resources division of wildlife fend off a diving peregrine falcon .
brave conservationists stand firm while being constantly attacked by the menacing birds .
experts at the university removed the chicks from the nests to take blood samples , checking for the presence of toxic chemicals , weigh each one , and clamp them with an id band .
a spokesperson for the university said : ` last year the adult birds , belle and allen , successfully raised four