by .
brian marjoribanks .
at sporting lisbon 's campus in alcohete , south of the river tagus , images of figo and cristiano ronaldo decorate the walls .
for now , at least , they serve as a reminder that success in football does not always have to be measured in league titles .
when real madrid 's ronaldo secured his second ballon d'or earlier this year , it was the third time since 2000 that the world player of the year had been a graduate of the portuguese club 's fabled academy .
of all of europe 's talent factories , only barcelona 's famed la masia can beat sporting 's record .
yet while the senior side have not won a primera liga title since 2002 , there was progress last season at the estadio jose alvalade , sporting 's impressive , modern 50,000-capacity stadium .
a second-place finish in the league represented a fair improvement on seventh the previous season .
scroll down to see gauld 's man of the match display for dundee united .
done deal : sporting lisbon and dundee united have reached an agreement on player ryan gauld .
costly : gauld has a # 48m release clause in his sporting lisbon contract .
promise : sporting lisbon signed talented teenager gauld from dundee united on a six-year contract .
video gauld inspiring dundee united assisting all four goals .
but at a club that so values its own production line , further optimism was to be found in the rise of the new generation of alcohete academy graduates , continuing the trend set by illustrious predecessors such as ronaldo , figo , joao moutinho , nani , simao sabrosa and ricardo quaresma .
last season , william carvalho , 22 , was portugal 's player of the season and manchester united are currently pondering a # 37.5 million move .
carlos mane is merely the latest electric winger in green and white to roll off the sporting conveyor belt .
another 20-year-old , the versatile eric dier , may be english but he has been attached to sporting since the age of nine and wore the name eric , rather than dier , on his back in a nod to his iberian surroundings .
dier captained each of sporting 's age-group xis before breaking through , at 19 , into the