although invisibility suits and hover cars are yet to become a reality , it turns out we might be closer to the future than we think .
austrian designers , maya pindeus , 24 , and johanna pichlbauer , 25 , have created a robot that takes the effort out of applying make-up - by doing it for you .
the device applies eyeliner with a long black brush , while an attachment smears lipstick on lips , before lighting up when the process is complete .
scroll down for video .
there 's clearly still a few precision kinks with the beautification machine created by austrian designers maya pindeus and johanna pichlbauer .
a visitor lets the machine apply her red lipstick thanks to a crank which creates a circular rotation .
the robot made its debut at the exhibition , biennale internationale design saint-etienne 2015 , in france , and gallery visitors were in for a treat .
the machine is composed of three components : a lipstick wheel , an eyeliner applicator , and a mask which illuminates when the ` beautification ' was complete .
women were then filmed testing the machine for the two university of vienna students ' art project entitled beautification .
when creating a device for such a personal ritual as applying make-up , anyone would think that the robots would favour precision and speed , but this was - hilariously - not the case .
the beginning of the video shows the designers setting up and creating the machine 's frame which includes two magnified mirrors .
each device is fitted with chin rests in order to let the user know where to position their faces .
another girl has felt the wrath of the machine , which has dealt her face many random strokes of eyeliner .
a gallery visitor rests her head on the chin rest , expecting eyeliner to be expertly applied .
the eyeliner is fixed to a robotic arm , which moves the brush in a movement intended to mimic that of a hand , against the backdrop of a mirror with the motto , ` with determined brush strokes the cosmetic ritual takes its course ' inscribed into the glass .
the lipstick wand is secured to a crank which rotates in small circles .
once each area has been completed , a mask threaded