spain is steadily becoming a nation of ` ghost towns ' - with empty apartment blocks , streets and weed-filled gardens where bustling communities were supposed to move .
entire housing estates built during the country 's boom years have been left abandoned , bricked up and now on sale for almost half their original price .
one such settlement is sesena , dubbed the manhattan of madrid for its towering apartments and proximity to the capital , where 30,000 people were due to live .
loneliness of the long-distance ruuner : a jogger in the shadows runs past empty apartment blocks in sesena , a 45-minute drive south of madrid , where 30,000 people were due to live .
of the 13,000 homes due to be built , only 5,100 were completed - most of them now uninhabited and the spaniards who bought them as investments now competing to offload them for huge losses .
spain 's housing market crash and economic implosion have turned what was supposed to become a vibrant suburban paradise for young spanish couples and their children into one of the most visible monuments of the country 's boom gone bust .
such modern-day ghost towns have become a familiar part of the spanish landscape , abandoned shells left to slowly decay .
the number of foreclosure proceedings skyrocketed during the economic crisis .
barren plains : landscaped areas , which were due to be built on , lie .
vacant on the outskirts of ghost town sesena as the spanish housing .
crisis continues to take its hold .
nearly 530,000 were granted by courts from 2008 through september of 2011 , most to banks taking homes , housing developments and vast tracts of land for residential and commercial real estate projects that may never become reality .
the banks were ordered this month by the recently elected centre-right government to set aside billions of additional euros to cover these toxic real estate assets valued at 175billion euro just as spain teeters on the edge of what could be a lengthy recession .
spain now has more than 5million people -lrb- 22.9 per cent of its residents -rrb- out of work - and recent growth data suggests the situation is only going to get worse .
the country 's economy shrank , by 0.3 per cent , for the first time in two years