billionaire phones4u founder john caudwell has revealed that his # 10million mansion is ` being haunted ' by the ` ghost ' of a child killed in the english civil war .
mr caudwell , 62 , claimed visitors to his 50-room jacobean manor in staffordshire have felt a bed vibrate and a ghost brushing past them on the stairs .
the businessman believes the ghostly goings-on are being caused by the spirit of a terrified little boy who died in the 17th century conflict .
scroll down for video .
spooked : billionaire john caudwell inside his historic mansion .
he thinks the imposing building is being haunted by the ghost of a boy who was shot by a soldier loyal to cromwell during the english civil war .
spooky stays : women visitors spending the night in one particular bedroom in the mansion -lrb- above -rrb- have felt its bed vibrate .
tycoon john caudwell says the room is where the boy died .
mr caudwell , who sold off phones4u in 2006 for # 1.4 billion , said : ` the little boy was alone in the house .
all the men had gone out hunting - and the cromwellians came down the drive .
` he shouted : ` we are for the king ' - and one of the soldiers lifted a musket and shot him dead .
` he fell in the long gallery , crawled into one of the bedrooms and bled to death .
` legend has it that every so often , those blood stains come oozing through .
` i 've never seen that but there 's a strange thing where several women have slept in the room and felt the bed vibrate .
i was not there at the time .
` there are also stories about this ghost brushing past people on the stairs .
` people who think they are in tune with the spirit world always say they can feel something - but it 's warm , not malevolent .
' john caudwell in 2006 with his then partner claire johnson at a party hosted by sir elton john .
right : with his private helicopter in the grounds of his # 10million staffordshire mansion .
mixing with the stars : john and claire with singer stephen gately at a charity ball in may 2009 ,