stephen hawking and elon musk are among the eminent scientists who fear that intelligent robots could be mankind 's downfall .
and just days after professor hawking warned that ` artificial intelligence could spell the end of the human race , ' a team of british researchers are embarking on a collaborative project to ensure that the autonomous robots we build in the future will make decisions that are ethical and can follow rules .
robots that can think and act without human intervention are fast moving from fiction to reality .
there are fears that intelligent robots -lrb- illustrated -rrb- could one day overthrow humans , so a team of british researchers are embarking on a collaborative project to ensure that the autonomous robots we build in the future will make decisions that are ethical and can follow rules .
the nuclear , aerospace , manufacturing and agricultural industries are starting to develop autonomous systems that can carry out tasks that are either too difficult or too dangerous for humans , while driverless cars are already with us .
researchers at the universities of sheffield , liverpool and the west of england , bristol have set up a new project to address concerns around these new technologies , with the aim of ensuring robots meet industrial standards and are developed responsibly .
the # 1.4 million project will run until 2018 .
professor michael fisher , principal investigator at liverpool , said the project will ` develop formal verification techniques for tackling questions of safety , ethics , legality and reliability across a range of autonomous systems .
' stephen hawking has warned that artificial intelligence has the potential to be the downfall of mankind .
` success in creating ai would be the biggest event in human history , ' he said writing in the independent .
` unfortunately , it might also be the last ' google has set up an ethics board to oversee its work in artificial intelligence .
the .
search giant has recently bought several robotics companies , along with .
deep mind , a british firm creating software that tries to help .
computers think like humans .
one .
of its founders warned artificial intelligence is ` number one risk for .
this century , ' and believes it could play a part in human extinction .
` eventually , .