a newly released video shows the shocking moment a boston police officer was shot in the face just seconds after approaching a driver who was stopped during a gunfire investigation .
the video shows how angelo west , 41 , immediately jumps out of the car and shoots officer john moynihan , 34 , under the eye at close range after the policeman opens the driver-side door .
west then fires at the other officers as he runs across the busy street .
boston police commissioner william evans pointed out that he was firing ` under his arm ' at the other cops .
the video shows boston police officer john moynihan , circled in white , opening the driver-side door to talk to angelo west after the car was pulled over during a gunfire investigation .
west then immediately jumps out of the car and shoots moynihan in the face at close range .
officer moynihan , 34 , was released from the hospital friday after weeks of recovery .
the boston police department described his current condition as ` serious but improving ' the video , captured from the surveillance camera of a nearby store , shows the beginning of the shootout that led to officers firing the fatal shots that killed west .
` this particular incident we had no other choice , ' evans said about the fatal shooting .
` he had already used deadly force , trying to kill one of my officers , and the officers did what they were trained to do .
' during a press conference , evans said the video shows that the officers did not have their weapons drawn or have their hands their hands on their weapons when they approached west 's car .
suffolk district attorney daniel f. conley said it was important to release the video to show the community exactly what happened - and why .
` in those instances in which video evidence can inform the public ... it is in everyone 's best interest to share that information as soon as possible , ' conley said during the press conference .
the district attorney said such transparency was necessary to ` tamp down speculation and rumors meant to inflame and not to inform ' .
` our goal going forward is to ensure that we are one people and one city ,