by .
daily mail reporter .
denied : lisa mehos , whose abortion was used against her in a custody battle , has lost her kids .
the mother-of-two whose post-divorce abortion was used against her in a custody battle has lost the children over her rampant pill abuse , it has emerged .
a manhattan judge ruled that lisa mehos , 38 , should not be the primary caregiver for the children , aged four and six , because of lies she reportedly told about her drug use .
justice lori sattler said in her ruling that mehos had lied to her , court experts , doctors and drug counselors about her problem , the new york daily news reported .
mehos , who divorced her banker manny .
in 2011 , had claimed she started taking antidepressants after the split .
but subpoenaed records showed she had actually been reliant on them .
since she married her husband in 2006 , according to the court ruling .
it .
revealed that she has been prescribed drugs , including xanax and .
valium , by 28 different doctors since 2008 - even sometimes getting .
prescriptions from 2 different doctors on the same day .
sattler .
ruled that the drugs use endangered her children , citing one example .
from 2012 where she passed out on a place and her son , then two , ran in .
the aisle without pants or a diaper .
the decision comes after she admitted to .
having sex with a friend a year after her marriage to .
mehos , 59 , came to an end , and the fling resulted in her being .
pregnant and having an abortion .
mr mehos and his ` relentless ' attorney .
eleanor alter went so far as to suggest that mrs mehos ' abortion .
undermined her claim of being a catholic , which in turn speaks to her .
overall credibility .
after subpoenaing mrs mehos ' medical .
records to show that she had an abortion , ms alter used the procedure to .
suggest she was a hypocrite for asking to have custody of her two .
children over easter .
alter also said the pregnancy showed she might have .
been dishonest when she claimed she never had men over to her apartment .
battle : her