a jeweller with a childhood dream of seeing diamonds floating in the sky has fulfilled his wish after flying a # 1million stone above london .
denis bellessort , founder of bonds of union , was inspired after spending hours gazing at stars as a boy .
to celebrate his company 's fifth anniversary , the 53-year-old attached the gem to a remote-controlled hexacopter - a six-bladed mini helicopter - to fly above holland park in west london .
the diamond let off a stunning beam of white light while being lit up as it flew above trees in holland park , west london on october 3 to celebrate bonds of union 's fifth anniversary .
attached to the expert-controlled hexacopter , the # 1million stone was lit up by a fixed light rig which showcased its beauty .
mr bellessort said he had the idea from staring at stars as a child .
the 10-carat # 1million diamond is among the exquisite jewels sold by bond of union in london .
it was chosen for the flight as it reflected the best light .
the 10-carat diamond was lit up by a fixed rig on the device , sending piercing beams of white light across the night sky .
` the idea with the flying of a diamond was first for me a child dream while gazing at the stars and reminded with stories like the little prince and songs like lucy in the sky with diamonds , ' he said .
` now it is a great reason to deepen my understanding on how light affects diamonds at long distance and how i could play with lights and diamonds .
' the jeweller now hopes to put on similar displays from the eiffel tower , over snow and at the in the desert to showcase the beauty of diamonds .
` my theory was confirmed and the experience reveals the immense power of diamonds , a power that has never been seen before .
` the quality of the light when filtered through a diamond and returned to people at floor level creates the finest light that any medium can create .
` for me , the light with its pure white and colour flashes represent the highest level of beauty .
it gives me the same joy as art but amplified .
the 53-year-old said the stunt