by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
12:46 est , 14 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:35 est , 15 july 2013 .
sleepless nights are the bane of new parents and it seems that zac goldsmith and his wife alice have had more than a few lately .
with his newborn baby safely tucked up in a carrycot and an exhausted smile on his face , richmond mp zac , 38 , headed off to enjoy the sunshine in his eco-friendly car accompanied by alice , 27 , who wore a pretty pink striped vest and a comfortable pair of leggings .
the baby , who was born just four months after the couple 's march wedding , is mrs goldsmith 's first child , although zac has three children - uma romaine , thyra and james - from his previous marriage to sheherazade bentley .
new parents : zac and alice goldsmith looked tired as they left the house with their newborn baby .
the mp and environmental campaigner will have plenty of time to spend with his youngest child when parliament breaks for summer next month , although some of that will probably be spent introducing his new baby to his or her three half-siblings .
zac and his former wife divorced in 2010 amid rumours surrounding the mp and his current wife , who is the sister of ben goldsmith 's former wife , kate rothschild .
the first rothschild-goldsmith marriage imploded spectacularly last year when kate ran off with us rapper , jay electronica .
ben , who is now dating pr girl , jemima jones , reacted furiously to the affair and the police were allegedly called to an altercation at the couple 's west london home .
family : the mp 's youngest child has three half-siblings from his first marriage to sheherazade bentley .
lady annabel 's mp son zac goldsmith greets henrietta conrad .
the couple put in an appearance at lady annabel goldsmith 's summer ball last week , where they were joined by zac , jemima khan and a bevy of socialites including tara palmer-tomkinson , at ormely lodge in southwest london .
widow of sir james goldsmith and mother of robin , india jane , jemima , zac and ben , annabel is also grandmother to ten .
an extremely wealthy widow -lrb-