by .
simon tomlinson .
last updated at 8:22 am on 2nd december 2011 .
oops : presidential hopeful michele bachmann said she wanted to shut the non-existent u.s embassy in iran , but later moved to say she was speaking hypothetically .
iran is proving a real thorn in the side of american politicians in recent days .
but this time it 's less to do with the provocative muscle-flexing of the middle eastern country 's top brass and more to do with some rather embarrassing gaps in the foreign policy knowledge of their u.s. counterparts .
first it was president barack obama who slipped up when he spoke out to denounce the attack on the ` english ' embassy in tehran when it 's actually british .
now one of the candidates looking to oust him from power next year , michele bachmann , has revealed her plans to close the u.s. embassy in the middle eastern country despite america not having one there since 1980 .
bachmann 's own ` oops ' moment came while applauding britain 's decision to pull its nationals out of its embassy after students stormed the building in protest earlier this week .
according to reports , the gop presidential candidate told a crowd in waverly , iowa , yesterday : ` that 's exactly what i would do -lsb- if i were president -rsb- .
we would n't have an embassy in iran .
i would n't allow that to be there .
' the u.s. cut all diplomatic ties with the country during a crisis in which 52 americans were held hostage for 444 days between november 4 , 1979 and january 20 , 1981 .
her gaffe quickly did the rounds online .
matthew smith tweeted : ` michele bachmann , who is on the house intelligence committee , says she will close our iranian embassy if elected .
#wedonthaveone .
' it was n't long before her campaign went into damage-limitation mode by saying her comments were ` hypothetical ' .
gaffe : president barack obama speaking in new york yesterday .
the previous day he wrongly referred to the ` english ' embassy in tehran .
he then blundered again when calling it ` the embassy of the united kingdom ' when it is british .
a statement said : ` she is fully aware that we