a british climber miraculously escaped death twice after being pummelled with rocks ` the size of cars ' while ice climbing in new zealand .
krystle morley , 28 , had just completed her lifetime ambition of ice climbing in new zealand when rocks began to hurtle down the glacier towards her as she waited to be rescued by helicopter .
the climbers ran to take cover at the edge of a helipad but , just minutes after the rocks stopped flying over their heads , a second fall was triggered .
after completing an ice climb in new zealand , 28-year-old krystle morley found herself faced with death during not one - but two - rockfalls on the franz joseph glacier -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
krystle , from sheffield , miraculously escaped with just a small bump on her head .
she described her brush with death : ' i heard this massive thunderclap .
i turned round and i saw a mass of cloud and rocks and noticed our guide 's face had gone from normal to sheer panic as the rocks started to hurl towards us .
' ' i had my hands over my head to protect it because even the smaller rocks could 've wiped me out .
' ` boulders the size of cars and fridges were flying past us , and one the size of a microwave seemed to skim past my head .
' ` we were hunkered down for what seemed like forever and i was just thinking , `` any minute now , we 're going to get crushed .
'' ' ` boulders the size of cars and fridges were flying past us , and one the size of a microwave seemed to skim past my head , ' krystle remembers of the experience .
the west yorkshire native was backpacking around new zealand and on that day , the group had spent the day scaling franz joseph glacier in south island .
the sheffield hallam university environmental sciences student said she was ` buzzing ' after surviving the first rockfall .
but the second struck as the climbers were waiting to board the helicopter - forcing it to take off without them .
' i was thinking , `` i 've just cheated death !
, '' and not many people can say that - so i was