by .
tim shipman and kirsty walker .
published : .
19:00 est , 9 april 2012 .
| .
updated : .
02:54 est , 10 april 2012 .
david cameron will pay a historic visit to burma this week -- the first by a western leader since decades of military rule ended last year .
the prime minister will signal britain 's support for the political thaw in the former colony by meeting with nobel prize winner and opposition leader aung san suu kyi , 66 .
miss suu kyi , who spent 15 of the past 22 years locked up by the former junta , won a seat in parliament for the first time in by-elections a week ago , seen by the foreign office as a step in the right direction for the repressive regime .
first meeting : prime minister david cameron , left , is making a first .
visit in decades by a western leader to burma .
he will meet former .
burma opposition leader aung san suu kyi during the trip .
mr cameron will also meet reformist president thein sein , who sanctioned elections in which miss suu kyi 's party , the national league for democracy , won 43 of the 44 available seats .
his visit follows confidence-building visits by foreign secretary william hague , u.s. secretary of state hillary clinton and international development secretary andrew mitchell .
the prime minister is expected to tell burma 's rulers that britain will argue for economic sanctions on the country to be gradually lifted -- but only if they continue their transition to a democracy .
important meeting : mr cameron will meet reformist president thein sein , .
who sanctioned elections in which miss suu kyi 's party won the majority .
of seats .
the country is now run by a nominally civilian government , but it is heavily stacked with former military personnel , many of whom are opposed to further liberalisation .
downing street had hoped to keep the visit secret until mr cameron 's arrival but information was released yesterday by the burmese government and the nld .
the trip will cap a week-long trade mission to the far east in which the prime minister will try to get his premiership back on track .
changing times : national league for democracy supporters cheer during