by .
lizzie parry .
published : .
12:27 est , 10 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:17 est , 10 november 2013 .
fourteen-month-old elia-belle hooker suffered a nasty cut to her face when she and her older brother jack , two , were playing with a disney tea set .
a mother has urged argos to rid their shelves of a ` dangerous ' toy after her 14-month-old baby girl suffered a nasty cut from the rough plastic edges .
horrified at the cut inflicted on tiny elia-belle hooker by the disney princess tea set , mother natalie giugno posted a warning on facebook to alert other unsuspecting parents .
the 30-year-old immediately returned the toy to the cromer branch of argos urging managers to remove the product from sale .
but when an argos representative revealed miss giugno 's was the first complaint he advised they could not take the toy - which carries a warning that it is not suitable for children under the age of three - off the shelves .
miss giugno said the decision ` shocked and disgusted ' her .
argos has since said they have launched an urgent investigation with the toy 's suppliers .
determined to do something to ensure other children were not injured she posted a picture of elia 's cut along with the toy and warning on the social networking site .
since it was posted more than 80,000 people around the world have shared the warning , with dozens messaging miss giugno to express their thanks .
the 30-year-old from holt in norfolk said elia was playing with her older brother jack when she heard her crying ` all of a sudden ' .
she said while her youngest children were playing nicely together , pretending to have a tea party , jack must have banged into this little sister , accidentally causing the cut .
' i could not believe it , that a toy tea cup could cause such a nasty cut , ' she told mailonline .
` jack is two years old , he does n't have the strength to cause such a cut , they were playing so nicely together .
' i picked up the cup and felt the edges - they were really sharp , like unfinished plastic , almost grainy .
' miss giugno said