a woman digging foundations for a conservatory has discovered two headless skeletons in the house 's back garden .
claire wheeler was helping her parents with work at their home when builders found bones beneath the grass at the property in huntingdon , cambridgeshire .
the remains , thought to be 150-years-old and of two adults , have been passed on to archaeologists at anglia ruskin university for analysis .
builders discovered the bones , thought to be 150-years-old , when digging foundations for a conservatory at the house in huntingdon , cambridgeshire .
claire wheeler , whose parents live in the house , said it was ` quite a shock ' to find the bones buried on her doorstep .
` it was a bit of a shock .
we were digging the foundations for a new conservatory and then we found these human remains , ' said mrs wheeler .
` they have n't found the skulls yet , which is a little bit worrying .
' the house was built by mrs wheeler 's great-grandfather in the 1930s and are thought to have been in the grounds of a georgian house .
her father , robert russell , said : ` huntingdon is a very old town , at least 2,000 years , it 's always been a river crossing and roman remains have been found previously .
` we do n't think these bones are roman but we know a house once stood were these two houses are today , there is still the georgian wall around the area .
` i 've spoken to the county council archaeologist and he said there used to be up to 16 churches in huntingdon but there are no records of the site being a graveyard .
the site is not thought to have ever been a graveyard though may once have been set in the grounds of a large georgian house .
the 30-year-old and her family have been told to halt construction until analysis of the skeletons is carried out .
cambridgeshire police said the discovery is not being treated as suspicious .
officers were joined by a cambridgeshire county council forensic archaeologist at the home after the skeletons were found .
` luckily the bones are old so there 's no suggestion grandfather was involved , he was worked as a chemist in the town .