the top gear team could find themselves in hot water again , this time in canada , after they were spotted driving through the city of vancouver without registration plates .
pictures showed a bright yellow ford raptor pick-up truck , apparently driven by presenter jeremy clarkson , as it made its way down vancouver 's granville street thoroughfare .
it carried no registration plates and tonight , when asked by mailonline , a sergeant in the vancouver police department said : ` we would have to pull the driver over .
' scroll down for video .
` we would have to pull the driver over ' : a ford raptor apparently driven by top gear presenter jeremy clarkson makes its way down vancouver 's granville street with no visible registration plate .
cruising : vehicles driven by clarkson and his team are seen outside the sutton place hotel .
brand new : clarkson stands by the bright yellow ford raptor , apparently without plates , in the car park of vancouver international airport , after the top gear team flew into canada for their latest adventure .
it could be the second number plate related gaffe by the top gear team in two months , after clarkson sparked argentine diplomatic fury by driving through the south american country in a porsche registered ` h982 fkl ' .
the plates were thought by some to be a veiled reference to the falklands war of 1982 .
but the bbc claims the vehicle was perfectly legal as it had what is known as a ` temporary operating permit ' -lrb- top -rrb- .
today vancouver police sergeant randy fincham told mailonline that all cars driving in the province of british columbia had to have registration plates on their front and rear .
the only exception is for cars given a top which , the policeman said , is a piece of paper usually in the back window .
but after viewing these pictures of clarkson 's ford raptor driving through his city , sergeant fincham said : ` if we had pulled this vehicle over we would have cited it for not having a plate .
' he added : ` we would have to pull the driver over , make sure he 's not got the registration permit on his lap or in his glove box .
it 's