by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
13:02 est , 29 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
02:40 est , 30 october 2012 .
disqualified : steven tull pictured outside worthing magistrates ' court .
a motorcyclist who was recorded doing the highest speed in the country when he was caught travelling at 152mph on a sussex road , was today disqualified from driving .
at the time he was caught , in october last year , it was the fastest recorded speed caught on traffic cameras to date .
engineer steven tull , 37 , of liphook , hampshire , was sentenced at worthing magistrates ' court for dangerous driving , speeding and driving without a valid test certificate .
defence lawyer marie lewiecki told the court that tull lives with his wife in hampshire but works in oxfordshire and would struggle with his commute if he lost his licence .
judge roderick hine sentenced tull to a 12-month driving disqualification - the minimum he could impose .
tull was also ordered to do 200 hours of unpaid work and to pay # 620 prosecution costs .
judge hine said : ' i know you find it hard to accept your driving was dangerous .
` the reason you were convicted of dangerous driving is what could have happened .
` you could have been involved in a fatal accident , it was an unbelievable speed .
` you could have lost control of the vehicle putting other people at risk .
' tull was caught at 1.49 pm on october 16 last year travelling at 152mph on his yamaha r1 motorbike on the a27 at binstead in west sussex .
prosecuting andrew perry told the court tull recorded the highest speed on any camera in england in 2011 .
he said : ` he was driving in the presence of other traffic the behaviour of which he is unable to predict .
` he would n't be able to see further than a white van which he overtakes .
` the potential for an accident is very apparent even without taking into account stopping distances .
` he is ascending a hill and there is a blind crest on the top of the hill and a junction which again he can not see .
` there is potential for conflict with .
other motorists