it is a country which has been left on its knees , fuelling anger and resentment among its people .
almost nobody in greece has been left untouched by the devastating economic crisis .
but it is the country 's migrants who now appear to have become the biggest victims of this troubling period in greek history .
scroll down for video .
horrific : migrants living in greece have become the biggest and most defenceless of victims of the country 's economic crisis .
hassan mekki , a 32-year-old sudanese migrant , shows scars on his back following an attack against him .
injured : mr mekki says he was attacked by a group of men holding greek flags and left with the deep wounds on his back , throat and neck in august .
many face daily racist attacks , police apathy and a .
system that punishes them rather than their assailants .
hassan mekki , a .
32-year-old sudanese migrant who fled conflict in his country in hope of .
a better life in europe - has been left fearing for his life .
in .
august , he and a friend were walking in athens when black-shirted men .
on motorcycles holding greek flags came up and knocked him unconscious .
with a blow to the head , he said .
when .
he came to , he was covered in blood .
only later would he realise that .
his attackers , whom he says were likely tied to the far-right golden .
dawn party , had left large gashes resembling an ` x ' across his back .
' i .
do n't have the right papers , so i ca n't go anywhere to ask for help , ' mekki said .
' i ca n't sleep .
i 'm scared , maybe they will follow me , and .
my life is in danger now .
tapping into resentment towards .
illegal immigrants , golden dawn emerged from obscurity to enter .
parliament this year pledging to kick all immigrants out .
the .
fast-rising party , which has been linked to racist attacks , denies it is .
neo-nazi .
grim : only later did he realise his attackers , which he says were likely tied to the far-right golden dawn party , had left large gashes resembling an `