by .
wills robinson .
the mother of an 11-year-old boy who tried to kill himself after classmates taunted him for wearing a my little pony backpack has revealed she was planning her son 's funeral .
michael morones ' mother tiffany found her son at their family home in raleigh , north carolina , after the suicide attempt in february .
he had been constantly bullied at school for being a fan of the cartoon and would tell his mother he was tired of being ` ugly and stupid ' .
oxygen to his brain was momentarily cut off after he tried to hang himself and doctors believes he could now be suffering from locked-in-syndrome .
scroll down for video .
teased : michael morones was bullied over his love for my little pony and tried to commit suicide .
devastated : mother tiffany morones-suttle , pictured with stepfather shannon suttle , said she was planning her son 's funeral at one stage .
despite the terrifying experience , his .
mother reveals he is ` getting better every day ' .
speaking to the huffington post , mrs morones-suttle said : ` it 's insane to think that we are even here .
` sometimes our kids think they 're strong and they 're tough and they can handle everything , but as a parent it 's our job to say , `` you know what , this is something i get to handle for you .
'' ' she admitted her loneliest moment came when she started making arrangements for her son 's funeral , but now the family are committed to getting his life back on track .
` he gets a little better every day , but there is still a long road ahead of him .
' but she said it was a constant struggle because she has ` no idea what he is thinking or going through .
' after a visiting a neurlogist last week , she was told her son could be suffering from locked-in syndrome , meaning he struggles to communicate and could be completely paralysed .
speaking with michael 's stepfather , shannon suttle , she described how she would see stories similar to her son 's and ask herself : ` how does a child ever feel like that .
' a concert featuring stars such as sir