a new england patriots locker room attendant who allegedly tried to introduce an ` unapproved ' ball into last month 's afc championship game at the center of the ` deflate-gate ' scandal has now been named and pictured for the first time .
an investigation by espn identified the attendant who was assigned to the officials ' locker room as 48-year-old jim mcnally .
mr mcnally has been interviewed by the lawyer who is looking into the allegations the patriots intentionally used under-inflated footballs .
first photo : jim mcnally , 48 -lrb- highlighted in top left corner -rrb- has been identified by espn as the new england patriots locker room attendant who allegedly tried to introduce an ` unapproved ' ball into last month 's afc championship game .
it 's believed mcnally has been in charge of the officials ' locker room at gillette stadium , which hosted the 2015 afc championship game january 18 .
the patriots , led by tom brady -lrb- pictured -rrb- , beat the indianapolis colts .
brady threw three touchdown passes during that game in wet conditions where a firm grip on a slippery ball could have helped .
accused of tampering : new england patriots quarterback tom brady is fresh off a big super bowl win .
will favorable new deflate-gate details help bolster his already high spirits ?
the patriots worker who became the focus of an nfl investigation after footage showed him carrying game balls into a room before he took them to the field was an elderly gentleman .
the room he entered with the balls was a bathroom and he was there for 98 seconds .
both tom brady and coach bill belichick have adamantly denied any involvement .
eleven of the 12 ` deflate-gate balls ' were under-inflated , though only one was two pounds below the required psi of 12.5 while the others were below by only a small amount .
the investigation is ongoing .
nfl commissioner roger goodell said friday that ` we have made no judgments .
' now a separate investigation by espn is alleging that a locker room attendant was involved in attempted to have an ` unapproved ball ' put into play on the field .
as soon as the move was noticed , the nfls vice president of game operations was notified .
source .
it 's