an african american teenager who was shot by a police officer in the back because his friend was holding a toy gun is suing los angeles for $ 20 million .
jamar nicholson , 15 , and his friends were hanging out in an alleyway in south l.a. before school on february 10 when two police officers working for the lapd 's criminal gang-homicide unit approached the boys with their guns drawn .
the la times reports that one of the teenagers was holding a toy gun that the officers thought was real and it prompted the officers to fire .
suing la for millions : jamar nicholson -lrb- left -rrb- and his friend jason huerta -lrb- right -rrb- , who stand solemnly in the alleyway where nicholson was shot , are suing the city of los angeles for $ 20 million .
nicholson was shot in the back by officer miguel gutierrez and is in pain but he says he and his friends feel lucky to be alive .
nicholson was standing next to the unidentified teenager who was holding the replica of the gun .
` jamar is really lucky to be alive .
with respect to the other kids , they are lucky as well that they were n't hit .
it does n't appear that the officer who shot used a lot of discrimination with where he aimed the pistol , ' jamar 's attorney herbert hayden told yahoo news .
the gun that officers thought was real had an orange tip indicating that it was fake .
another attorney john w. harris who is representing nicholson and his friend 17-year-old jason huerta is arguing that nicholson and his friend posed no threat to police officers or themselves .
` the lapd shot first and then asked questions later , ' harris said .
the lapd says that at 7.45 am on february 10 , officers saw a teen holding what appeared to be a gun and they claim they told him to drop it .
real or fake ?
: one of the teens present at the shooting was holding this fake gun with an orange tip that lapd say they thought was real .
` officers ordered him to drop the weapon multiple times .
the individual ignored the officer 's commands , ' a police news release reads .
attorney hayden said that