by .
emily allen .
published : .
09:31 est , 12 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
11:40 est , 12 june 2012 .
a ten-year-old boy has highlighted the anti-social behaviour in his town by drawing a scene from his bedroom - and it includes a prostitute , a man urinating and a fight .
the unnamed youngster lives in the once-prosperous resort of boscombe in bournemouth , dorset , that is now blighted by problems including drug dealing .
the schoolboy drew the picture and his father handed it to a local newspaper to highlight the anti-social issues facing the town .
through child 's eyes : the drawing shows a man fighting with a bottle and a knife , a woman with money stuffed in her stocking , and a sad-looking child and the boy 's father is using it to highlight antisocial issues .
the drawing shows a man fighting with a bottle and a knife , a woman with money stuffed in her stocking , and a sad-looking child .
once boscombe was the chosen destination for the well-heeled victorians who erected large churches as a signpost for their morals .
but now the prostitutes , drug addicts and general violence have become major issues , despite valiant efforts to improve the area through investment and charity .
but the boy 's drawing shows there is a long way to go , and it depicts a scene that could be witnessed in any large town or city across the country .
the child , who lives near the town 's red light district , said : ' i see all these people out of my window all the time , sometimes i tell my dad , sometimes i just watch them .
' boscombe seafront : the town is popular among tourists but locals say there are many crime problems .
up-market : holidaymakers in boscombe in 1936 .
in the victorian era the town was popular with the well-to-do .
his father said : ` he sees prostitutes regularly and the people fighting with the bottle .
he 's seen people urinating in the graveyard at st clement 's church .
` the children often get woken by shouting and screaming and witness women being picked up in cars , a lot of aggressive men are around all the time .