what could be the next record-breaking divorce settlement might have gotten more expensive , as the estimated amount of oilman harold hamm 's fortune set to be divided has topped $ 17 billion , according to an analysis presented as evidence in their divorce trial .
hamm 's personal wealth was previously estimated to be $ 11.3 billion by forbes in 2013 .
the analysis of kenneth button , an expert witness hired by hamm 's wife sue ann , was laid out in court testimony and in a document provided to reuters by oklahoma county judge howard haralson .
it is one of the first pieces of financial testimony to be released from the trial , which has been conducted mostly in secrecy .
unusually for a divorce case , haralson has barred the public from the courtroom on most days and sealed most of the evidence .
he says he is trying to protect shareholders in hamm 's continental resources from the release of confidential business information .
through his 68 percent stake in continental , a leading driller in north dakota , harold hamm is believed to own the most oil in the ground of any american .
over a barrel : sue ann hamm -lrb- left -rrb- is suing for divorce from her husband , oklahoma oilman harold hamm .
the estimated size of harold hamm 's fortune rose to more than $ 17b in a new analysis released by the court .
sprawl : the son of a sharecropper , harold hamm eventually amassed a large enough fortune in the bakken oil fields to buy two adjoining mansions in a posh area of oklahoma .
the family also worked to keep word of the divorce from going public .
the case was originally titled jane doe vs. john doe when sue ann filed the suit in 2012 , alleging that her husband was unfaithful .
the identity of the parties was only discovered in march of 2013 .
the couple was married in 1988 and has two daughters , jane and hillary , from the marriage .
the the family split its time between four homes , including a two-mansion family enclave in nichols hills , oklahoma , with its own combination basketball and tennis court , which the couple bought in 2009 .
harold hamm also has three children from a marriage that ended