david tredinnick claimed medics should look to the stars to take the ` pressure ' off struggling hospitals .
the nhs crisis could be solved if doctors used astrology , a tory mp has claimed .
david tredinnick claimed medics should look to the stars to take the ` pressure ' off struggling hospitals .
the mp for bosworth in leicestershire argued that astrology should ` have a role to play ' in healthcare .
mr tredinnick is a member of the influential health select committee , as well as the committee for science and technology .
he has also been vice chairman of the government 's herbal medicines working group .
in an interview with this month 's astrological journal , he raised the prospect of using it to tackle problems in the nhs .
he said : ` there would be a huge row over resources .
` however , i do believe that astrology and complementary medicine would help take the huge pressure off doctors .
` ninety per cent of pregnant french women use homeopathy .
astrology is a useful diagnostic tool enabling us to see strengths and weaknesses via the birth chart .
` and , yes , i have helped fellow mps .
i do foresee that one day astrology will have a role to play in healthcare .
' last year mr tredinnick suggested members of the public with health problems should turn to astrology for answers .
he claimed astrology had a ` proven track record ' at helping people recover from sickness and should be incorporated in to standard medical treatments .
in the new interview , mr tredinnick , claimed people who opposed astrology were ` racist ' .
he said : ` the opposition -lrb- to astrology -rrb- is based on what i call the sip formula - superstition , ignorance , and prejudice .
` it tends to be based on superstition , with scientists reacting emotionally , which is always a great irony .
` they are also ignorant , because they never study the subject and just say that it is all to do with what appears in the newspapers , which it is not , and they are deeply prejudiced , and racially prejudiced , which is troubling .
' the mp for bosworth in leicestershire claimed that almost all pregnant french women use astrology