by .
amie keeley .
published : .
17:08 est , 18 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:08 est , 18 september 2013 .
the beauty properties of snail slime were discovered by chilean workers exporting snails to france who noticed their hands healed quickly .
the notion of having snail slime all over your face is n't terribly appealing , so it just goes to show what a hint of celebrity interest can do for an unconventional beauty treatment .
sales of a new face cream containing the slime have almost tripled in the uk in just two months .
earlier this year , friends of 34-year-old katie holmes , ex-wife of tom cruise , said she used just such a product .
health food chain holland and barrett began stocking a version of the cream in 50 stores in june and then in all 700 of its branches a month ago .
in that time sales have risen 189 per cent .
snail gel , which costs # 19.99 for a 50ml pot , contains mucus secreted by the snails which is said to regenerate and repair the skin .
its arrival follows that of snail slime facials .
they involve having specially farmed creatures slither up and down your face and were launched at a beauty salon in britain last month .
the # 50 treatment was added to the menu at simply divine salon in corby , northamptonshire , having been pioneered in japan .
owner diane gower claims clients have been overwhelmed by the results .
by using the cream , women can see if the slime works for them without going to a salon .
the face cream is not the only snail-based beauty product on sale in the uk after one british salon started offering snail facials last month .
it is said to contain a cocktail of proteins , antioxidants and hyaluronic acid which removes dead cells , reduces inflammation and helps skin retain moisture .
the benefits for human skin were discovered by chilean snail farmers who noticed their skin healed quickly without scarring when they handled the creatures which were being exported to france .
snail gel is the latest in a line of bizarre anti-ageing treatments , from bee sting venom to a placenta face mask .
but some experts remain sceptical about its supposed properties