by .
associated press .
and daily mail reporter .
the military is reviewing its new regulations involving soldiers ' appearance following criticism that the changes in hair requirements are racially biased .
earlier this month , the army issued new .
appearance standards that ban most twists , dreadlocks and large .
cornrows - styles used predominantly by african-american women with .
natural hairstyles .
black women make up a third of the armed forces .
soldiers are ` not authorized to wear braids , cornrows , or dreadlocks -lrb- unkempt , twisted , matted , individual parts of hair -rrb- while in uniform , or in civilian clothes on duty , ' the guidelines note .
new guidelines : the hair rules for the military are being reviewed after complaints said the banned styles - twists , dreadlocks and large cornrows - are largely used by african-americans .
but defense secretary chuck hagel called for the review after 16 female members of the congressional black caucus wrote to him , complaining about the updated guidelines .
in their original letter , they wrote : ` though we .
understand the intent of the updated regulation is to ensure uniformity .
in our military , it is seen as discriminatory rules targeting soldiers .
who are women of color with little regard to what is needed to maintain .
their natural hair .
' they also said that the guidelines calling hairstyles worn mostly by black women ` unkempt ' and ` matted ' show a lack of ` cultural .
sensitivity ' .
' i think that it primarily targets black .
women , and iâ $ ™ m not in agreement with it , ' patricia jackson-kelley from .
the national association of black military women added to the ap .
' i donâ $ ™ t .
see how a woman wearing three braids in her hair , how that affects her .
ability to perform her duty in the military .
' under review : the congressional black caucus said they knew the guidelines were meant for uniformity , but that it was discriminatory not to consider what black women might need to maintain their natural hair .
assessment : defense secretary chuck hagel , pictured in mexico last week , wrote back to the women to say he took the matter seriously and would