a mother is to sue the government after her son developed narcolepsy when he received a swine flu jab causing him to sleep for 19 hours a day .
seven-year-old josh hadfield developed the condition within three weeks of receiving the drug and now suffers ` attacks ' which can cause him to doze through the day .
he would fall asleep up to every five minutes - even when he was walking , eating and swimming - and suffered sudden seizures when he laughs .
caroline hadfield , from frome , somerset , with her seven-year-old son josh hadfield who contracted narcolepsy in reaction to receiving the swine flu vaccine .
now his mother caroline hadfield , 42 , is taking legal action after the health protection agency found there was a ten-fold increased risk of the disorder in children given the drug , pandemrix .
josh received the vaccine at his local gp surgery on january 21 , 2010 , after mrs hadfield was told he was ` at risk ' of the h1n1 virus because he was under five .
but mrs hadfield , of frome , somerset , said that within weeks of the jab she noticed a drastic change in her son .
` he was a perfectly healthy energetic four-year-old before the vaccination , but within two weeks he was getting more tired and after three weeks he was sleeping for 19 hours .
` things then developed quickly and he struggled to walk .
nothing could convince me it was anything but the jab which caused josh 's conditions .
` the government had a knee-jerk reaction to swine flu and put out this vaccine , giving it to very young children .
' josh hadfield , seven , is now on medication to control the condition but lives in constant fear of future episodes and refuses to do anything which may set them off , such as sledging .
josh is now on medication to control the condition but they live in constant fear of narcolepsy attacks .
mrs hadfield , a civil servant , said : ` laughter can trigger attacks and josh was too anxious about fear of an incident to go sledging in last week 's snow .
` you see other children who can laugh and enjoy things and yes josh can laugh and enjoy things but his