imagine having an under-bite so severe you could barely chew .
for one 21-year-old woman , that was a fact of life - until she underwent a major jaw realignment surgery four years ago in toronto that not only corrected her bite , but also completely transformed her appearance .
` before the surgery .
i was afraid to smile and could n't even look at my own reflection in the mirror without getting distraught , ' said brittany , who goes by the moniker lackofabetternamex on reddit .
' i was depressed and battled with substance-abuse problems because of it .
' before !
brittany , who goes by the name lackofabetternamex on reddit , had an under bite so severe she could barely chew .
in these photos , her jaw is actually closed ; in the photo on the left , the lower protrusion is caused by her teeth .
and after !
after her surgery , brittany 's look was completely transformed , but she said it took about a year for her jaw to stop feeling ` fragile ' brittany , who was 17 when she got her surgery , had to have her lower jaw moved back , her upper jaw moved forward , and her chin realigned .
she had to have a total of 12 screws permanently placed in her mouth during the procedure .
she posted her before and after photos on reddit - and the change was so noticeably drastic that the post quickly moved to the top of the site and garnered more than 1,000 comments .
the response to her story and photos was almost entirely positive , with many users asking for advice about getting the surgery themselves and others leaving accounts of their own experiences .
brittany had to have the surgery for medical reasons , but said she found ` the mental health benefits to be much more immense .
' before the procedure , she suffered bullying at the hands of her classmates - and said that the physical appearance of her jaw was one of the main reasons she underwent the surgery when she did .
` my classmates were relentlessly cruel , ' she said .
' i feel so much happier and stronger now because of everything that has happened though .
' brittany would 've liked to get the surgery