the production of opium in helmand has tripled since british troops arrived in the afghan province in 2006 , according a devastating report published today by the united nations .
according to the report more than 75,000 hectares of helmand were given over to opium cultivation last year , up from just 25,500 hectares in 2005 .
the embarrassing figures show that opium cultivation is at a higher level than during taliban rule , and production is expected to increase for the third year in a row .
a british soldier patrols a poppy field in helmand : new figures released by the uk show that production of the raw material for heroin has tripled in the years british forces have been fighting in helmand province .
high prices for opium , from which heroin is made , is encouraging farmers to grow poppies , according to the un 's afghanistan opium risk assessment 2013 report .
afghanistan supplies about 90 per cent of the world 's illicit opium and the proceeds are believed to help fuel the war against the u.s.-led forces who ousted the taliban in 2001 .
` the prices are still quite high .
that is a very clear economic incentive , ' martin raithelhuber of the united nations office on drugs and crime -lrb- unodc -rrb- told reuters .
` we ca n't deny the fact that the level of cultivation now is much higher than it has ever been under the taliban .
' the total area used to grow poppies last year was 154,000 hectares , said mr raithelhuber .
while the area is expanding , it was unclear if it would reach the record of 193,000 hectares set in 2007 .
the unodc report , prepared together with afghanistan 's ministry of counter narcotics , said there was a link between insecurity , lack of agricultural aid , and opium farming .
villages with poor security and those which had not received agricultural help were much more likely to grow poppies in 2013 than others , it said .
embarrassing : this map from the un report shows that helmand is the only afghan province where levels of opium cultivation are expected to be ` very high ' in 2013 .
twelve provinces were forecast to show a rise in opium cultivation this year , according to the report .
they included