by .
claire ellicott .
published : .
08:37 est , 17 april 2012 .
| .
updated : .
19:46 est , 17 april 2012 .
a mother who tried to cover up for her son after he killed a pensioner in last summer 's riots was jailed yesterday .
lavinia desuze , 31 , destroyed her son darrell 's clothes after spotting him in television footage of the looting and vandalism that spread throughout london .
although she knew that the 17-year-old had killed a man and that police had arrested the wrong person , desuze callously cut up his clothes and dumped them in a bin to protect him .
darrell desuze -lrb- right -rrb- , 17 , was sentenced to eight years ' detention today fro the killing of richard mannington bowes and his mother lavinia -lrb- left -rrb- was jailed for 18 months .
richard mannington bowes , 68 , lies on the floor after the brutal assault which happened after he remonstrated with rioters in ealing .
yesterday , desuze , of hounslow , west .
london , was sentenced to 18 months in prison for perverting the course .
of justice while darrell , who lived with her , was jailed for eight years .
for the manslaughter of richard mannington bowes on august 8 last year .
outside court yesterday , anne wilderspin , mr bowes 's sister , said darrell had committed a ` terrible crime ' .
richard mannington bowes was killed when he went to put out a fire near his flat .
but she added : ` i was completely devastated .
i feel compassion for this youngster , who was only 16 at the time .
` he has potentially ruined his life , .
or any decent chance of making an honest living in the future .
i have .
forgiven him , and being a christian , i pray to lord jesus that he will .
turn over a new leaf .
' during the trial , prosecutor brian .
altman qc told the court how desuze knew her son had been responsible .
for mr bowes 's death .
he added : ` unlike others who turned in their own .
children , horrified at what they had seen them do , she sought to prevent .
him from facing the justice he deserved