a blogger who spent one year following all of the bible 's instructions for women , from making her own clothes to ` submitting ' to her husband , has now written a book about her experience .
rachel held evans ' book , a year of biblical womanhood , chronicles her 12 month attempt to obey the bible 's .
commandments for women .
the bible gives hundreds of rules for .
women to follow , both explicit and implied , in the old testament and the new .
going to extremes : rachel held evans spent 12 months following the bible 's instructions for women , from making her own clothes to ` submitting ' to her husband .
for example , women should .
dress modestly , submit to their husbands - passages of the bible insist that husbands are the masters of their wives - and .
remove themselves from their communities while menstruating .
leviticus chapters 15 to 18 has a passage detailing rules for women to .
live by - with particularly stringent rules coming into play while the .
woman is menstruating , stemming from the theory that women on their .
periods are untouchable .
during the days she was menstruating .
over the course of the year , the tennessee-based writer , 31 , a christian who .
describes herself as ` liberated ' , stayed home from church , carried around a seat cushion to avoid sitting on chairs outside her home , abstained from sex and touching her husband , grew her hair out and slept in a tent .
before embarking on the 12-month experiment mrs evans wrote on her blog : ` starting this month , i will commit one year of my life to following all of the bible 's instructions for women as literally as possible .
going back to basics : during the days she was menstruating over the course of the year mrs evans removed herself from the community and slept in a tent .
learning new skills : mrs evans took up sewing as she started making her own clothes .
` from the old testament to the new .
testament , from genesis to revelation , from the levitical code to the .
letters of paul , there 's no picking and choosing ... well , except for polygamy and a