the number of firearm licence holders in new south wales has increased by more than 20 per cent in the last five years .
currently , a total of 215,462 licences exist compared to the 177,675 owned in 2010 , according to figures obtained by news corp. .
tamworth , 403km north of sydney , was revealed to have the most number of firearm licences - 3259 - with bathurst , 200km west of sydney , a close second at 3075 .
currently , a total of 215,462 licences exist in new south wales compared to the 177,675 owned in 2010 .
pictured : nsw police busted an illegal firearm operation in the casino and lismore areas last month .
both suburbs saw an increase of almost 500 guns in their areas over the last five years .
detective superintendent mick plotecki -lrb- pictured -rrb- said us 's popular national gun laws and pop culture was likely to be driving the increase .
detective superintendent mick plotecki said the united state 's popular national gun laws , and the country 's influence on australia through popular culture , was likely to be driving the increase in licence holders in the state .
` there is an element in the community who are swayed by the us culture that guns are a right rather than a privilege , ' supt plotecki told news corp. .
` generally speaking however australians do n't have a strong gun culture and recent strong reaction against relaxing our gun ownership laws is indicative of this - australians do n't want lax gun laws ' .
he added that there did not appear to have been an increase in gun related crime that related to the increase in licences .
although the figures revealed that each person with a licence owns an average of 2.3 guns each , the firearm registry 's regulations suggest it 's not easy to acquire a licence .
each request must include a ` genuine reason ' , proved through supporting evidence , with each reason in turn holding restrictions on the type of gun that can be owned .
sport , recreational hunting , rural occupation , firearms collection and animal welfare are all listed as ` genuine reasons ' .
tamworth , 403km north of sydney , was revealed to have the most number of firearm licences - 3259