susan parkin , 73 , was given just a four per cent chance of survival and spent six days in intensive care , fighting for her life after the ordeal .
a pensioner suffering a brain anerusym was given just a four per cent chance of survival after being refused an ambulance by the dedicated nhs computer system .
susanne parkin 's husband michael called 999 after she woke at 2am with an excruciating pain in her head and started drifting in and out of consciousness .
but she was not deemed an emergency and later spent six days in hospital fighting for her life .
despite attempting to outline the seriousness of the situation , mr parkin was told by the call operator that it was n't necessary to rush his 73-year-old wife to hospital and advised him to call out their doctor .
a nurse from the local gp practice came out at breakfast time and almost immediately told mr parkin to drive his wife to hospital as it would be quicker than waiting for an ambulance .
by the time the pensioner arrived at hospital she was unconscious .
she underwent emergency surgery and spent six days in intensive care after being diagnosed with a ruptured brain aneurysm .
doctors later told her she had been given just a four per cent chance of survival .
mrs parkin , from corfe mullen , dorset , is the second person to slam the nhs 's so-called ` computer says no ' triage system it uses to assess emergency cases .
last week the widow of taxi driver bill mclaughlin spoke out after he was refused an ambulance by the same ambulance - only to be rushed to hospital eight hours later and died of heart failure .
the ambulance service 's triage system involves a call handler asking the person questions about their condition and inputting the answers into a computer which ` listens out ' for key words and decides whether to send an ambulance .
despite the nhs website describing a ruptured brain aneurysm as a ` medical emergency ' and mrs parkin describing two of the four main symptoms to the operator , the south western ambulance trust maintains it was right to refer her to the out-of-hours gp service .
mrs parkin said : ' i woke up with the most terrible pain and