skimpy bedwear : women in the south are more likely to put on sexy nightie for bed , while northern ladies prefer to cover up .
while northern girls may be famed for the skimpy outfits they wear on a night out , it seems it is their southern counterparts who are more relaxed when it comes to bedroom attire .
according to new research , girls down south wear far skimpier clothes in bed at night , with 73 per cent of females in london sleeping in just their underwear or the nude .
and the further north you go , the more likely you 'll find women covering up in flannel pyjama bottoms and long-sleeved tops , something researchers put down to the colder weather .
sharon webb , head of lingerie buying and .
design at debenhams , who carried out the survey , said : ` from .
barely-there sleepwear to bananas-in-pyjamas attire , there is a strong .
connection between what you wear to bed and where you live .
` sleepwear is likely to be bought on impulse , but buying behaviour suggests that the further south you go , less is worn to bed .
` pyjama .
parties in the south may be a little bit more revealing than those in .
the north , with the sauciest sleepers living in the south west .
' in the south west - especially devon , .
which has the second highest number of over 50s in england - short , thin-strapped , loose-fitting nightgowns and skimpy sleepwear .
are the most popular choices .
in the north , 87 per cent of women .
said they preferred a comfy set of flannel pyjama and soft slippers while ladies of the midlands favour shorts and vest combos .
in wales , imitations of men 's shirts remain popular with 77 per cent of those questioned favouring them while women in ireland favour classic .
knee-length nighties and sweeping nightdresses and dressing .
gowns are popular in scotland .
professor karen pine - a psychologist from hertfordshire university , who analysed the results for the department store - said : ` our clothes are a means of self-expression , and this extends to our sleepwear too .
` what you wear to bed can say a lot about your lifestyle , your relationship and your