the 11th duke of marlborough died this morning at the age of 88 , blenheim palace has said .
the duke , whose full name was john george vanderbilt henry spencer-churchill , was a cousin of wartime prime minister winston churchill and lived at blenheim palace in oxfordshire .
his title will now pass to his son , former drug addict and ex-convict , the marquess of blandford , 58 .
a spokesman for the palace said : ` with great sadness , we announce that the 11th duke of marlborough passed away peacefully this morning .
scroll down for video .
the 11th duke of marlborough , pictured at blenheim palace , oxfordshire , with fourth wife lily mahtani , has died .
two generations : the marquess of blandford , pictured left , will now become the 12th duke of marlborough .
blandford being led from his rented fulham flat in south west london in 1993 at the peak of his troubles .
` further announcements will be made in due course .
as per his wishes , the palace will be open as normal today .
' the duke married four times ; first whsmith heiress susan hornby , mother of his first three children , two of whom survive , second athina onassis , with whom he had no children , third rosita douglas-sjernorp , mother of his three younger children , two of whom survive , and fourth , persian-born lily mahtani .
his four children are the marquess of blandford , lady henrietta spencer-churchill , 56 , lord edward spencer-churchill , 40 , and lady alexandra spencer-churchill , 38 .
the marquess , his eldest surviving child , battled addictions to heroin and cocaine and three spells in prison , which resulted in his father taking legal action to prevent him from inheriting the 11,500-acre estate , where churchill was born .
the marquess of blandford , 58 , with his second wife edla griffiths -lrb- left -rrb- .
right , the former duke pictured in 1982 .
in 1983 he was fined # 100 for assaulting a policeman , and the following year he was sentenced to three months ' imprisonment for breach of probation .
he was put on probation again in 1985 and fined # 1,000 for breaking into a chemist 's shop and in 1986 he was convicted of drug