by .
fiona macrae science correspondent .
published : .
14:03 est , 30 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
01:10 est , 1 october 2013 .
thousands of women who have gone through the agony of early menopause could be offered new hope by a pioneering fertility treatment .
the technique , which reawakens ` sleeping eggs ' , has allowed a woman who went through the menopause at the age of 25 to give birth to a healthy baby boy .
the u.s. and japanese researchers believe many more women could benefit -- including those in their early 40s whose supply of eggs is dwindling fast .
thousands of women who have gone through early menopause could be offered new hope by a pioneering fertility treatment which enabled one infertile lady to have a baby -lrb- pictured with researcher and obstetrician kazuhiro kawamura -rrb- .
experts described the work as a ` real breakthrough ' but cautioned that it has so far only been tried out on a small number of women .
the researchers , from stanford university in california and st marianna university in kawasaki , treated women with primary ovarian insufficiency , a form of early menopause .
it affects about one per cent of women of reproductive age and their ovaries stop working properly before the age of 40 .
although they can try to get pregnant using a donated egg or adopt , neither option will give them a child that is genetically their own .
with studies showing that some of these women have small immature eggs ` sleeping ' in their ovaries , the researchers looked for a way of awakening them and coaxing them into maturing .
they discovered that eggs were kept in an immature state by two biological ` brakes ' .
one of these stop signals could be .
overridden by drug treatment .
the second , bizarrely , was lifted by .
cutting the ovary into strips before putting some of it back .
some .
27 women were treated and , in five , eggs grew and matured to such an .
extent they could be used in ivf , the journal proceedings of the .
national academy of sciences reports .
professor aaron hsueh -lrb- left -rrb- said he hopes the technique can also be used to help women left infertile by