a hitman who led a shootout in peru during which a policeman and a rival gang member were killed and two others were injured has been revealed as a 12-year-old boy .
police say nabil blanco cerda is the youngest hitman who has ever been arrested in the country after he was held along with alleged teenage accomplices in chincha , in the country 's ica region .
he was said to be part of a gang that opened fire in a café , killing a rival gangster and injuring two others , then cutting down a policeman in a hail of bullets as they made their escape .
under arrest : alleged members of the gang which included a 12-year-old hitman are searched after their arrest by peru 's criminal investigation department in the town of chincha , in the country 's ica region .
agents of peru 's elite criminal investigation department , the latin american nation 's equivalent of the fbi , finally arrested the gang in an armed raid on sunday .
the youngster , together with two 16-year-olds and a number of adults , had allegedly been recruited by edwin lopez gabriel , a mob leader known as ` loco peluza ' , as part of a mafia-style extortion ring .
police say that gabriel had set up a trade union in order to cover his criminal activities and had used the gang to intimidate businessmen into paying protection money and to wipe out rivals .
operating under the guise of the civil construction union , they are said to have stalked the streets of chincha dealing drugs and extorting cash in a reign of terror which has been linked to four other killings and more than 30 assaults .
` for months -lsb- gabriel -rsb- covered up his crimes by pretending to be union leader , ' said one of the officers who caught him .
in total , 16 people were arrested by police who said they were shocked to find that the gang 's hit squad was led by the 12-year-old , who would act as the enforcer while collecting illegal taxes .
the discovery of such a young boy involved in violent crime in the country raises the spectre of brazilian-style gang warfare , in which the youths of that country 's ghettoes are enlisted into gangs , sometimes before reaching