by .
mike dickson .
follow @@ mike_dickson_dm .
the big players have parked their tanks on wimbledon 's lawns , with novak djokovic and rafael nadal both declaring that they are fit and ready to fire over the next fortnight .
the top two seeds issued upbeat assessments of their chances yesterday , with the serb insisting his wrist is fine and world no 1 nadal believing he is equipped to avoid the shock exits that have befallen him since 2011 .
djokovic missed last month 's madrid open with soreness in his wrist that first appeared at the start of the clay court season and he pulled out of his regular pre-wimbledon exhibition at stoke park on thursday as a precaution .
champion : murray prepares to defend his title at wimbledon - but the rest of the ` big four ' are ready too .
look over your shoulder : murray has a whole host of rivals who have their eye on his wimbledon crown .
he feels going into wimbledon without any preparation on grass has been a price worth paying because easing himself in appears to have cured the problem .
he said : ` when i was changing surfaces from clay to grass , during the opening few days of practice here , i got a bit of a strange sensation in the wrist .
but now it 's fine .
' while djokovic has been staggeringly consistent at the grand slams -- he has not lost before the quarter-finals since the french open five years ago -- nadal has become prone to upsets on the grass .
the serb took some time off in ibiza after roland garros , while nadal had some downtime at home in mallorca before coming to london last wednesday .
they both feel it is the right formula for success and in the spaniard 's case he believes it will lead to him sticking around longer .
nadal is so confident about the state of his body he has stepped up his preparations from previous visits to the all england club .
watchful eye : djokovic practices watched over by his coach boris becker as he limbers up at sw19 .
` i 'm practising more hours than i usually do , ' he said .
` it 's positive that my physical level gives me that chance