with saturday 's fight between floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao billed as the $ 300million fight of the century , it 's no surprise that its pay-per-view figures look set to blow previous bouts out of the water .
in the us , viewers are being charged between $ 89.99 -lrb- # 59 -rrb- and $ 99.99 -lrb- # 66 -rrb- to watch the fight while in britain , sky box office is offering the bout for # 19.99 , but those figures will equate to a small fraction of the earnings for mayweather and pacquiao .
once ticket sales and casino profits have been considered , the eagerly anticipated mega-fight , which is due to take place at the mgm grand in las vegas , will become the biggest pay-per-view in sport and could see the two fighters pocket astronomical sums .
this sports interaction graphic shows how much floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao stand to earn .
american boxing legend mike tyson features in four of the top 10 highest grossing pay-per-view fights .
the eagerly-anticipated mega-fight between mayweather and pacquiao is just days away .
canadian data crunchers sports interaction have put together all the big numbers to find out who will earn what , the top 10 pay-per-view bouts by earnings and whether the event will give fans value for money .
firstly , let 's take a look at how much mayweather and pacquiao stand to earn should the showpiece fight go the distance on may 2 .
12 rounds of jousting will give mayweather a stunning $ 170m -lrb- # 111m -rrb- purse , meaning the 38-year-old will be picking up $ 15m -lrb- # 9m -rrb- per round and $ 5m -lrb- # 3m -rrb- per minute .
his opponent stands to earn slightly less and could bank almost $ 95m -lrb- # 62m -rrb- which boils down to a tidy $ 8.4 m -lrb- # 5m -rrb- per round .
pacquiao gets in his last workout in los angeles before heading to las vegas on monday .
mayweather has featured in three of the top 10 highest grossing pay-per-view fights to date .
the average payout for the top 10 pay-per-view fighters stands at $ 22.4 m -lrb- # 14m -rrb- .
mayweather tends to give his viewers values for money by going the distance during his fights .
six of the