a lawsuit has been launched in an effort to reclaim millions of dollars from australian businessman geoffrey edelsten in order to repay his huge debts in the us .
on wednesday the former millionaire 's stateside bankruptcy trustee soneet kapila kicked off a case in the melbourne federal court in a bid to seize local assets .
among these assets are millions worth of property , luxury cars , shares , and loans , news corp australia reported .
mr edelsten declared bankruptcy in the us in ohio in january of this year .
scroll down for video .
a lawsuit has been launched in an effort to reclaim millions of dollars from businessman geoffrey edelsten .
mr kapila was ordered by justice jonathan beach via mr edelsten 's australian lawyer leon zwier to contact more than 40 creditors - both companies and individuals - who mr edelsten is believed to owe money to .
these beneficiaries include the australian tax office , to whom mr edelsten owes $ 4.58 million , and the national australian bank who are out of pocket $ 3.8 million according to case files .
additional parties mr edelsten owes money to apparently include carlton football club , etihad stadium , marina bay sands in singapore and his 90-year-old mother esther who resides in a luxury retirement village in melbourne .
mr edelsten , pictured here with fiance gabi grecko , has debts that could top more than $ 50 million .
in the filings the 71-year-old apparently admitted his debts could top $ 50 million , with american express and the city of melbourne also owed funds .
mr edelsten 's estranged business partner rafael mawardi is reportedly the main beneficiary in the us with $ 10.4 million owed to him .
the pair have a colourful past together with partnerships in the form of fashion label house of nurielle and a casino in the dominican republic behind them .
gabi grecko -lrb- right -rrb- is an american dj and model , and the pair plan to wed early next year .
mr edelsten 's australian case is due back in court for a hearing on october 10 , while the us bankruptcy case will return to a florida court on september 15 .
the former doctor , who was de-registered in the late 1980s , was married to american socialite brynne gordon until