by .
jenny hope .
published : .
05:38 est , 29 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
20:54 est , 29 january 2014 .
payout : rob cooper received # 370,000 for losing is role as a deputy chief executive at yorkshire and the humber strategic health authority but went into another nhs job .
campaigners are calling for huge nhs .
payoffs to be scrapped , after three bosses were paid a total of .
# 1million -- only to walk into new health service jobs .
the .
` revolving-door ' culture came under fire after manager rob cooper .
revealed he had been working full-time since last march despite a huge .
redundancy payment .
mr cooper received at least # 370,000 but already had a new job lined up at a different health trust .
millions .
of pounds have been spent on dozens of managers whose roles have .
disappeared under the government 's health service re-organisation .
the .
nhs spent # 1.4 billion on redundancy packages for staff in the last three .
years with some receiving deals of more than # 600,000 .
some 2,299 .
bureaucrats have been handed six-figure golden goodbyes since 2010 .
many .
simply moved to another part of the nhs .
under .
health service rules staff must wait only four weeks after taking .
redundancy before they can move to a new job .
however sir david .
nicholson , chief executive of nhs england , appealed to managers to wait .
at least six months .
mr cooper received between # 370,000 and # 375,000 .
for losing his role as a deputy chief executive at yorkshire and the .
humber strategic health authority .
but by the time the trust was shut down he had a job as director of finance for south london healthcare nhs trust .
nhs chief executive sir david nicholson has urged staff made redundant not to take another job for six weeks , but has blamed reorganisations for large pay deals .
he .
now works as interim finance director at barking , havering and .
redbridge university nhs trust .
he said : ` i have only charged for 75 per .
cent of my time , which i believe reflects the spirit of the letter from .
sir david .
' the department