a judge has ruled a mother serving life in prison for murder must be allowed to regularly see her children - despite the wishes of their father who wants to leave the country and move to australia with them to start a new life away from her .
judge nancy whittenburg 's order requires michael roberts to take his children from their home in california to visit tracey richter at the women 's prison in mitchellville , iowa even though she is serving a prison sentence for executing her neighbour 11-years ago while they were in the room next door .
` do you think tracey cared about the children when she stashed them in the room 15 feet from where she fired 11 shots ?
' said sac county attorney ben smith today .
` she should have lost any and all rights to make those kinds of decisions or to have an influence in her kids ' lives when she executed somebody .
' tracey richter is pictured during her first-degree murder trial in fort dodge , iowa .
the mother who is serving life in prison for killing a neighbor in 2001 has been granted continued visitation rights with her two minor children , who were present in the rural iowa home during the execution-style slaying .
in the ruling issued last week , judge whittenburg said roberts can not move to his native australia with his 14-year-old boy and 12-year-old girl until richter 's appeals are exhausted , even though roberts claims his temporary visa has already expired .
sac county attorney ben smith said thursday that it is unbelievable richter maintains parental rights after a jury convicted her of shooting 20-year-old dustin wehde at their home in early in 2001 while the children -- then 3 and 1 -- were one room away .
judge whittenburg said the 14-year-old boy and 12-year-old girl have a ` long , positive history with their mother , ' whom she called an excellent parent .
she said the visits will help ` bring closure to the sudden and traumatic events of the past year ' in which richter was arrested and convicted of killing wehde as part of a plot to frame her first husband , john pitman , who is the father of her child bert , for a home invasion .
ten-years ago tracey roberts was