by .
mia de graaf .
a prisoner was mistakenly freed from an open prison because he had the same surname as an inmate who was due for release that day .
anthony douglas , who is in his 20s , strolled out of hmp hewell in worcestershire last wednesday instead of another convict who had completed his sentence .
it is understood a senior member of staff was suspended after the mistake at the prison - where a killer managed to escape last year .
blunder : anthony douglas walked out of hmp hewell in worcestershire -lrb- pictured -rrb- while still serving time after a member of staff confused him with another prisoner who was due to be released and had the same surname .
officers managed to track down and arrest the convict the next day and he is now back in jail .
a prison service spokesman said : ' a prisoner from hewell was released in error on july 2 .
` the police were notified immediately and he was recaptured on july 3 .
` an investigation by a senior governor has been launched .
` we take public protection extremely seriously and this type of incident is a very rare but regrettable occurrence .
' douglas , who is originally from burton-upon-trent , staffordshire , is thought to have spent time at the high-security psychiatric unit ashworth hospital in liverpool , where one-eyed killer dale cregan was admitted .
it is unclear how long douglas had left on his sentence when he escaped or what he had been convicted of .
the embarrassing gaffe is the latest in a string of controversial incidents at the jail - which holds category b , c and d inmates .
under pressure : the mistake is the latest in a series of accidental prison breaks this year despite justice secretary chris grayling 's vow to tighten the rules and increase security to prevent any more escapes .
scores of prisoners have wandered free thanks to blunders by prison staff this year .
in may , mental patient david burslam , who was convicted of kidnapping , fled when he was taken for a stroll outside cheswold park hospital in doncaster , south yorkshire .
it came after the ` scarborough slasher ' damien burns , 39 , and convicted thief dean jackson , 27 , fled category