by .
ryan gorman .
and reuters reporter .
a u.s. marine facing a retrial in the 2006 death of an iraqi civilian asked thursday for new legal counsel , and said afterwards that he was eager to put his legal troubles behind him .
sergeant lawrence hutchins iii did not enter a plea during a hearing at the camp pendleton marine base in california because he is seeking a new lawyer outside military ranks .
a judge took the motion into consideration but ordered him to stand trial beginning on august 18 .
on his way out : united states marine sergeant lawrence hutchins iii departs thursday from his arraignment hearing with his wife reyna hutchins at camp pendelton .
mr hutchins , 29 , was arraigned on charges of murder , conspiracy , obstruction of justice , larceny and making false statements for his accused involvement in the murder of an unarmed iraqi civilian .
he said during the hearing that he does not believe that either the judge or his attorney could participate impartially in the trial because of their influence from military officials who have publicly spoken about his guilt , according to nbc san diego .
he told reporters gathered outside the courthouse after the hearing that ` they do n't want to go against the secretary of the navy .
' mr hutchins also said that he and his wife , reyna , who is pregnant with the couple 's third child , ` just want this to be over and behind us ' after some eight years in court .
` i 'm trying to raise my kids .
i 'm trying to be the best husband i can be and be the best father i can be , ' he said .
` for the last eight years my life i have not been in control .
since 2006 , i have not been in charge of my life ' looking for a change : mr hutchins asked for a new lawyer after arguing in court that his military-appointed counsel would not fully represent him since it is under the influence of the secretary of the navy .
mr hutchins was the leader of a squad of marines who planned a mission aimed at stopping militants ' use of improvised explosive devices in the village of hamdania , iraq , in the