by .
sarah griffiths .
published : .
12:29 est , 27 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
12:31 est , 27 january 2014 .
babies with genetically modified dna could be born in the uk as soon as next year -lrb- stock image -rrb- .
you 've heard of gm crops , but gm babies could be born in the uk as soon as next spring .
parliament is poised to vote on whether a new form of ivf treatment , which uses dna from three parents , will become legally available to couples , making the prospect of genetically-modified humans imminent .
the procedure is designed to get rid of genetic mutations that can lead to blindness , epilepsy and other medical problems .
if politicians embrace the procedure , the law would be the first to allow pre-birth human dna modification .
the complex technique will replace mitochondrial dna to avoid destructive cell mutations if the law is passed by parliament .
the issue is is expected to be debated before july this year .
mitochondria convert energy from food into essential ingredients that human cells need in order to function .
critically , they also carry their own dna as well as the nuclear dna in humans ' chromosomes which store most of our genetic information , forbes reported .
only mothers pass on mitochondrial dna to their children , which sometimes contains mutations that can lead to epilepsy , diabetes , blindness and other medical problems .
it is estimated that one in 5,000 to 10,000 women carry mitochondrial dna with mutations , nature reported and some even lead to fatal diseases .
however , these problems could help to be avoided using genetic modification techniques .
if the law is passed , scientists will combine mitochondrial dna from a donor with the nucleus from a potential mother 's egg so that the baby would not suffer from disorders caused by mutations .
this procedure has yet to be tried in humans but researchers have managed to successfully perform the procedure in rhesus monkeys .
only mothers pass on mitochondrial dna to .
their child , which sometimes contains mutations that can lead to .
epilepsy , diabetes -lrb- illustrated right -rrb- blindness -lrb- left -rrb- and other medical problems .
some scientists believe the controversial gm technique could free some people from