it has stood on chicago 's historic south prairie avenue since 1888 , but on tuesday the harriet rees mansion began a two-day trek just one block north , or 600 feet away .
making way for a new university basketball arena , the mansion was moved atop a huge array of automated dollies , crawling and inching at one-half-foot per second on 250 wheels .
weighing more than 1,000 tons , the three-story brick house is 95-feet long , 25-feet wide and 72-feet wide and one of the last residential remnants of the gilded age in the windy city .
scroll down for time lapse .
inching : crews watch as the harriet rees house , a three-story , chicago mansion built in 1888 , is moved slowly to a new location from the historic prairie avenue to make room for redevelopment .
the house was encased in a steel frame and raised onto 32 massive motorized dollies for the 600-foot move .
` the house , including all the equipment and the beams , this weighs around 1,050 tons , ' said peter kuhn , senior executive project manager at bulley & andrews to dnainfo .
` the project will take three days to move the building from from its original location to its relocation site .
` you do n't see houses move like this every day .
' since 2002 , the harriet rees house has been the last mansion left standing on south prairie avenue and its move has been eagerly anticipated by local residents .
the home was built for the widow of a real estate innovator , and stood near homes built by george pullman and marshall field .
crews on tuesday began slowly moving the three-story , 762-ton harriet rees house one block to make way for redevelopment of the area near chicago 's convention center .
the home was built for the widow of a real estate innovator , and stood near homes built by george pullman and marshall field .
the house was encased in a steel frame and raised onto 32 massive motorized dollies for the 600-foot move .
with a top speed of about one half foot per second , the move is expected to take two days .
` this is very exciting , ' said linda jones , 45 , to dnainfo .
` i 've