allegations of child sexual abuse have arisen at another one of australia 's most prestigious private schools , prompting a new investigation .
st ignatius college riverview issued letters to its alumni informing them a claim relating to child sexual abuse had been made and informing them the information had been passed on to nsw police for investigation , the sydney morning herald reported .
the letter , penned by principal paul hine , gave no details of the allegations except that it concerned child sexual abuse and that it happened more than 30 years ago .
st ignatius college riverview issued letters to its alumni informing them of a claim relating to child sexual abuse that dates back 30 years .
the allegation was passed to dr hine by the professional standards office of the australian province of the society of jesus .
michelle o'brien , the director of professional standards for the jesuits , told the australian her office had been aware of the claims for more than a year and that they had been passed on to police last may .
mr hine was briefed on the claim four weeks ago .
due to the sensitive nature of the allegation very little information has be released , however , dr hine insisted it was his duty to inform past and present students of the harrowing claim .
the principal called on students , past and present , to report any concerns they have relating to child abuse to himself or the australian province of the society of jesus immediately .
in an excerpt of the letter published by the sydney morning herald , dr hine wrote : ` i believe it important to inform you about the situation as i understand it and to offer reassurance that such matters are the object of direct and sustained vigilance at the school .
' dr hine has been principal of st ignatius since 2013 .
the principal called on students , past and present , to report any concerns they have relating to child abuse to himself or the australian province of the society of jesus immediately .
` the college and the jesuits wish to express , in the strongest possible terms , their abhorrence of sexual misconduct or any form of abuse involving children , ' the letter read .
` we wish to respond to past