if it were up to xavi , cristiano ronaldo would n't even appear in the top three contenders for the ballon d'or .
speaking in an interview with sport , the barcelona midfielder gave his thoughts on the prestigious award , to be presented in the new year , his barcelona colleagues and his decision to stay at the nou camp .
the 34-year-old was posed the question : ` if you had been spain captain who would you have voted for the ballon d'or ?
' cristiano ronaldo receives the autonomic cord distinction , the highest award of his home island of madeira .
` pharaoh ' xavi spoke exclusively with spanish magazine sport in cairo about life at barcelona .
` first leo -lrb- lionel messi -rrb- .
second -lrb- philipp -rrb- lahm and third -lrb- javier -rrb- mascherano , ' xavi asserted .
when told that barcelona team-mate neymar voted almost identically , replacing lahm with ronaldo , xavi 's reaction about this season 's top scorer in la liga was honest .
` the thing is , cristiano did n't do much in the world cup and i think that in the year of the world cup that defines much of the season .
' philipp lahm -lrb- centre -rrb- captained germany to world cup glory in brazil in the summer .
barcelona veteran xavi described his nou camp team-mate lionel messi -lrb- left -rrb- as ` the best player in the world ' xavi said that ronaldo -lrb- centre -rrb- did not merit the ballon d'or due to his below par world cup performance .
the 34-year-old was quick to dispel any rumours of lionel messi leaving the nou camp for the time being .
this season has seen la liga 's all-time top goal scorer messi getting more involved with defensive responsibilities , something that has added to rumours the 27-year-old is not content at the catalan club .
lionel messi .
manuel neuer .
cristiano ronaldo .
' i see a happy messi , ' xavi commented .
` look , he is the best player in the world and we have to live with these responses .
but i see him happy and content .
` very different to last year when he suffered that beastly injury that kept him off the field of play for two months , also with the