for adrenaline junkies , a luxury travel operator are offering a holiday which combines the use of a luxury yacht and a helicopter in a stunning ski resort .
with prices starting at $ 17,000 -lrb- approximately # 10,852 -rrb- this could well be the skiing holiday to end all skiing holidays .
thrillseekers can enjoy being picked up by a helicopter from a luxury yacht to explore some of the world 's most exquisite ski slopes - from locations as varied as alaska to greenland .
tour operator , elemental adventure , will whisk adrenaline junkies away to unexplored mountains via a luxury yacht and helicopter transfer .
a yacht will take you anywhere from alaska to greenland where a helicopter will transport you to remote , untouched slopes .
james morland , the owner of elemental adventure , said : ` our commitment remains as it always has : to provide you with a ski or snowboard experience that is truly unique , incomparable and extraordinary .
' ` when you speak to us you are speaking to people who eat , sleep and breathe skiing and have been involved on the front-line of the ski industry for two decades .
' an advantage of boat-based heli-skiing is that you always have the capacity to move and take your luxury lodgings with you .
a qualified heli-ski guide will be with you at all times to ensure your safety .
pictured : the helicopter that charters guests around .
helicopters used depend on the region , but the ski possibilities are endless among the protected inland waterways of the north .
from the protected inland waterways of alaska and british columbia to the rugged beauty of greenland and iceland , the ski possibilities are endless .
elemental adventure 's yachts are fully crewed , equipped with all the modern conveniences along with high quality cuisine and even on-board massage therapy if desired .
the type of helicopter used and its supplier depends on the region but they are always charted from a reputable company that follows all internationally accepted safety procedures .
prices for these ` truly unique , incomparable and extraordinary ' adventures begin at $ 7,000 usd for four days .
all yachts are fully crewed and equipped with modern conveniences , high-quality cuisine and even on-board massage therapy , if desired .
heli-ski guides are