by .
daily mail reporter .
updated : .
08:53 est , 21 october 2011 .
an alabama man who has spent just four years on death row for the fatal suffocation and beating his infant son was put to death by lethal injection on thursday evening .
the execution of christopher thomas johnson , 39 , took place at the holman correctional facility in atmore , alabama .
for his last meal , johnson had a turkey bologna sandwich with cheese and tomato , a grape sunkist , french fries , reeses peanut butter cups and pretzels .
for his last meal , christopher johnson had a turkey bologna sandwich with cheese and tomato , a grape sunkist , french fries , reeses peanut butter cups and pretzels .
though he extended his visiting hours during his last day , his only visitor was his brother , thomas eugene lagos .
johnson made the rare move of pleading guilty to capital murder in the 2005 death of his six-month-old son elias ocean johnson .
this case stands as one of the quickest death penalty case in recent memory , as it only took six years for the murderer to be put to death after the crime .
the inmate himself requested the death penalty , which was granted in february 2007 , and waived all appellate and intervention measures on his behalf .
johnson represented himself at trial .
he testified he killed his son because ` he hated his wife , did n't want to be near her and did n't want to worry about her threats of putting him in jail for alimony or child support , ' according to documents filed by the state attorney general 's office .
johnson offered no mitigating circumstances for his crime , and the trial court found the ` the heinous , atrocious and cruel ' nature of the murder outweighed any justifications that could have been offered , records show .
according to court documents , johnson tried to quiet elias while his wife slept .
after several unsuccessful attempts in the early morning hours , he ` laid on top of elias , covered elias ' mouth with his hand for extended periods of time , and forced his fingers into the child 's mouth and down his throat to stop the crying ' .
he also struck