it 's fabulously cheap swimwear .
the only downside ?
they might go see through .
some k-mart pink and white striped cossies which ` may go transparent ' in the water were today named among the ` winners ' of the awards no company wants to receive .
consumer group choice 's ` shonky awards ' listed the swimmers alongside some of this year 's most egregious product fails .
and for the wronged fans of thermomix , a popular kitchen appliance , it was the moment they finally extracted their revenge .
these k-mart bathers may appear to cheap and stylish , however ... ... the tag says ` some garments may be transparent when wet ' and should ` avoid excessive contact with suntan lotions , oils , rough surfaces , heated pools and spas treated with harsh chemicals ' manufacturers of the mixer - which has an almost cult-like following - came under attack in september after they released an expensive new model without giving their loyal customers any warning .
many customers who had recently purchased the old tm31 model told daily mail australia they felt tricked by the surprise release of the first mixer in seven years .
georgina shelley from brisbane started a petition on change.org , writing : ` many like myself , asked the question before purchasing , if there was a new thermomix on the way .
` my consultant told me that she had n't heard anything about it .
' thermomix today received a shonky award after choice was deluged with more than 530 nominations .
controversy : a new model thermomix costs more than a week 's holiday in bali and many fans were upset when the manufacturer sprung an expensive new model on them .
to make things sweeter for the so-called ` thermo fans ' , choice has referred the company to the australian competition and consumer commission .
even one of australia 's favourite brands , arnott 's , found itself a recipient of a shonky .
earlier this year , the company released a new line of tim tams with a distinct peanut butter flavour .
it was a mouthwatering prospect for many fans .
but the consumer group today revealed that while there was one unusual ingredient included - paprika , a condiment - there were no peanuts .
missing something ?