would-be mp : clive lewis has urged union bosses to use press law to silence critical newspapers .
a labour candidate has urged union bosses to use new press regulations to launch class action complaints against newspapers who criticise them .
clive lewis -- who is a member of three unions -- criticised the daily mail 's exposure of bullying by unite thugs .
in a chilling insight into the way left-wingers plan to use the royal charter , the would-be mp said unions should get together to file complaints to combat ` scurrilous ' reporting .
he told a new trade union think tank that in the past , only people specifically affected by a news story have been able to launch a grievance against a newspaper .
but under the terms of the royal charter -- approved by the privy council last month to the delight of the hacked off pressure group -- third party groups will be able to complain en masse in so-called class action cases .
the measure has been opposed by newspaper industry groups , who say it is likely to be used by activists to deter legitimate investigative journalism .
the mail revealed how unite thugs targeted the families and neighbours of staff at the grangemouth petrochemical plant in scotland during strike action last month .
the paper has also led the way in covering the scandal in falkirk , where unite was accused of seeking to rig a labour candidate selection .
critical : mr lewis has criticised the daily mail 's exposure of bullying by unite thugs .
above , saturday 's mail .
stephen deans , the unite boss in scotland who was also chairman of falkirk west labour party , has now lost his job at grangemouth and the local party has been taken into special measures .
however , labour candidate mr lewis has sought to paint mr deans -- whose fight with the owners of grangemouth nearly led to the plant closing -- as a wronged man .
in a speech to the unite-sponsored centre for labour and social studies -lrb- class -rrb- , he said : ` let 's take for example the case of the chap who has had his life ruined by scurrilous accusations and innuendo in the daily mail .
` under the new royal charter , his trade .
union , as