two ` greedy ' royal bank of scotland bankers who masterminded a # 3million property fraud were spared jail after a judge decided they had already ` suffered ' enough .
andrew ratnage , 50 , and his boss raymond pask , 54 , were both earning more than # 100,000-a - year but wanted to make more money using a mortgage scam .
together they set up a series of fake companies in the name of pask 's family and then made applications for loans to ` tart ' up homes and sell them at a profit .
the bankers , who were based at natwest 's office in romford , essex , a bank owned by rbs , then fraudulently borrowed just under # 3million over five years .
walking free : andrew ratnage , 50 , and his boss raymond pask , 54 , ran a five-year # 3million mortgage scam but were given suspended sentences because they had ` suffered ' enough .
the scam also boosted their bonuses to more than # 50,000-a-year - on one occasion taking it to # 78,000 for ratnage .
the mortgage applications were submitted to their own bank without the pair ever revealing who was behind them and they also decided to forge documents to inflate the value of homes .
once their own bank , which is majority-owned by the taxpayer , lent them the cash they were able to buy two properties in fashionable stoke newington in north-east london and another yards from the sea in whitstable , kent .
two more were also bought in east london and essex .
at one stage pask was living in a house worth more than # 1million and sitting on a # 1.2 million pension pot .
he took # 136,000 from one of the development companies alone and drove a top of the range bmw , the old bailey heard .
but because all the loans have been repaid judge rebecca poulet qc gave them suspended prison sentences not time in jail , saying they had already ` suffered ' and were 'em barrassed ' .
she said : ' i accept that it was not your intention to case loss to the bank .
i accept you intended at all times for the money to be repaid and it has been fortunate the bank has not suffered