staff at the new york clinic where joan rivers suffered a heart attack during a routine throat procedure failed to weigh her before sedating her with propofol - the anesthetic that killed michael jackson - a damning new report reveals .
her daughter melissa is ` outraged ' by the revelations by the new york department of health and human services , her lawyers have said .
on monday , the department reported that the legendary comic was in excellent health before undergoing what was supposed to be a routine endoscopy at yorkville endoscopy clinic .
while the doctors who treated joan are not mentioned by name , they are believed to be her personal throat specialist dr gwen korovin and yorkville medical director dr lawrence cohen .
scroll down for video .
heartbroken : melissa rivers , right , has hired a top nyc law firm to launch legal action against the clinic where her mother joan suffered cardiac arrest following a routine endoscopy before her death on september 4 .
the manhattan clinic comes under fire for allowing a doctor without privileges at the clinic , believed to be dr korovin , to practice at the medical center .
indeed , dr korovin is said to have declared ` i 'll go first ' as she stepped into the operating room with dr cohen , the report says .
it also confirms a picture was taken of the star while she was under anesthesia , alongside dr korovin .
and most worryingly , both dr korovin and dr cohen failed to notice that joan 's vital signs were going down , as the report claims they failed to provide ` timely intervention ' .
melissa rivers now plans to ` direct her efforts towards ensuring that what happened to her mother will not occur again with any other patient ' , her lawyers told today .
in a scathing report , it was determined that yorkville failed to do the following : .
according to the findings , joan , 81 , arrived at yorkville on the morning of august 28 for tests after suffering chronic reflux .
she was in good health and her blood pressure was a normal 118 over 80 when her vital signs were first taken at 8.44 am .
her pulse was 62 and regular .
joan 's doctors : dr gwen korovin