by .
ben spencer .
britain has become so reliant on imports that the country would run out of food today if we only had uk-grown produce to eat .
our farmers now produce just 60 per cent of the total food we consume - meaning that if our import supply was cut off we could only feed the nation until august 7 each year .
agricultural self-sufficiency has fallen 15 percentage points from 75 per cent in 1991 , according to government figures .
uk farmers now produce just 60 per cent of the total food consumed in britain - meaning that if our import supply was cut off we could only feed the nation until august 7 each year -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
farming leaders insist they have the capacity to boost production , but they say they need the support of politicians , retailers and consumers to ensure increasing demand .
the national farmers union last night called for a coherent plan to boost agriculture , including better promotion of homegrown food , more tax breaks for farmers and better support from supermarkets .
nfu president meurig raymond said last night : ` if we were completely reliant on british food the larder would be empty tomorrow , that is a quite scary thought and should be a wake-up call for society .
` farmers react to markets , they react to confidence levels , they are willing to invest in the future if they have that confidence .
` otherwise we will end up with 70 million people in the uk , only able to produce half of the food we need .
` we need to ratchet up our ability to produce .
` we need to sit down and develop a growth plan because the industry is going to require a huge level of investment in the years to come .
' successive governments have tried - and failed - to tackle the slide in farming production .
ministers are worried not only about the impact on uk agriculture , but also about being too reliant on inconsistent foreign food supplies and turbulent prices .
with a growing global population , the problem is only going to get worse as more people compete for resources .
nfu president meurig raymond called for a coherent plan to boost agriculture .
he said : `