a married couple from washington state have been charged with criminal mistreatment and medicaid fraud after police say they horribly neglected a special-needs girl while collecting money from the state for her care .
when investigators responded to april and jeffrey henderson 's home in north bend , washington , in october 2012 , they were shocked to discover the 19-year-old girl naked except for a dirty diaper sitting in a filthy room permeated with stench .
april henderson , 33 - who described herself as a ` chauffeur , chef , housekeeping , nurse , companion ' on her facebook page - had been the girl 's full-time caretaker , while her husband , jeffrey henderson , 34 , had been her legal guardian .
morally repugnant : april henderson -lrb- left -rrb- and her husband and father of her four children , jeffrey -lrb- right -rrb- are accused of mistreating a blind , special-needs girl who has been in their care since 2004 .
the teenager , who suffers from cerebral palsy and is visually impaired , weighted just 67lbs and appeared ` skeletal , ' and she had 23 rotten teeth .
a king county sheriff 's office detective described the room where the girl lived as the worst she has ever seen , with soiled clothes scattered about , piles of refuse and dried vomit .
the special-needs girl was sitting in her waste-covered wheelchair and crying for help , according to court documents obtained by seattle post-intelligencer .
` the only way to describe her moaning was that of a wounded animal , ' detective belinda paredes-garrett was quoted as saying .
the rest of the hendersons ' home was filled with all the trappings of middle-class prosperity , including two flat screen televisions , laptops , iphones , an ipad , and even a large reptile menagerie .
the couple 's ward was orphaned at age 7 and was left in their care .
in 2004 , jeffrey henderson became her legal guardian , and the couple spent the next eight years collecting $ 4,100 a month in medicaid funds intended for the girl .
instead , officials say the husband and wife pocketed all the money , which was their only source of income since neither one of them had a job .
the sheriff 's office and the department of social and