more armed police will patrol britain 's streets to counter the threat posed by fanatics returning from iraq and syria , david cameron announced yesterday .
he warned that the return of hundreds of murderous extremists posed a greater threat to our security than al qaeda or the ira ever did .
his comments came as theresa may announced the official terror threat level had been raised to ` severe ' -- the second-highest state -- for the first time in three years .
scroll down for video .
david cameron today warned that islamist terrorists can not be ` appeased ' and need to be faced down .
mr cameron said isis was more dangerous than the taliban and al qaeda because it was trying to set up its own ` terrorist state ' mr cameron said the public could expect to see an increase in high-profile police patrols , including the greater use of armed officers , particularly at airports and major railway stations .
he called for the public to be vigilant but added they should not panic , saying britain had shown ` resolve ' in the face of terror before .
he also pledged to introduce ` uncompromising ' new laws to plug ` gaps in our armoury ' in dealing with the threat posed by islamic state extremists , including enhanced powers to remove the passports of radicalised muslims seeking to join the fighting in the middle east .
proposals to remove the passports of extremists who have already gone abroad are also being examined .
the home secretary said the intelligence services now believe a terror attack in britain is ` highly likely ' , although she stressed there was no information about any specific plot .
` the increase in the threat level is related to developments in syria and iraq where terrorist groups are planning attacks against the west , ' mrs may said .
` some of those plots are likely to involve foreign fighters who have travelled there from the uk and europe to take part in those conflicts .
' british intelligence officers believe at least 500 british citizens have travelled to syria and iraq to wage jihad , of which about half have returned to this country .
some experts believe the true figure may be far higher .
mr cameron gave few details of the planned