by .
helen pow .
published : .
01:13 est , 17 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
01:23 est , 17 july 2013 .
a michigan father murdered his wife and 17-month-old son and then killed himself in a disturbing double murder-suicide , police say .
police found the bodies of patrick gleason , 41 , lisa herrera , 37 , and the couple 's baby boy , max , inside their family home in kalamazoo on monday night .
officers were alerted to the grim scene by relatives of herrera 's who went to check on the family after they had n't been seen or heard from in up to a week .
tragic : police found the bodies of patrick gleason , 41 , left , lisa herrera , 37 , right , and the couple 's baby boy , max , not pctured , inside their family home in kalamazoo on monday night .
assistant chief brian uridge told wwmt.com that reporting officers were horrified by the scene .
' i think when you add the variables of small children and realize that every one of those officers reporting to that scene are mothers and fathers and aunts and uncles themselves , i think it adds a whole new unfortunate variable , ' he said .
gleason , is a former marine and herrera , a school teacher , were married in 2010 , and their son was born in february of last year .
police do n't have a motive in the devastating slaying and authorities have not given any details regarding how the three died , though neighbors said they were asked about gunshots .
sad : the couple 's 17-month-old son max , pictured here as a baby , was also killed .
` there does not appear to be any prior history , no overt indicators , nothing that would point you in the direction that this was even a possibility , ' uridge told woodtv.com .
gleason has no criminal history and no history of abuse , according to police records and neighbors said they had never noticed anything strange or suspicious about the family .
according to woodtv.com , a status update on his facebook page from may 15 read : ' i am writing a new song for my wife and its not real nice !
'