by .
matt blake .
published : .
06:10 est , 8 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:14 est , 8 november 2013 .
goldman sachs has banned its bankers from their offices between friday nights and sunday mornings in a bid to tackle ` burn out ' and improve ` work-life balance ' .
a memo issued to executives at the investment bank , who often work up to 100 hours a week , told them to stay away from work for the 36-hour period .
but many will still have to knuckle down on sundays which are not covered by the edict , designed to foster a friendlier atmosphere in an industry famed for its ferocious work ethic .
take a break : financial professionals stand in the goldman sachs booth on the floor of the new york stock exchange .
to enjoy their ` goldman weekend ' to the full , junior bankers must leave the office by 9pm on fridays not to return until 9am the following sunday , though they ` are still expected to check their blackberries -lsb- sic -rsb- on a regular basis ' , it said .
and those seeking to shirk the mandate and slog from the comfort of their own living rooms were told : ` work .
should not shift from office to home .
' the memo also states that staff are ` strongly encouraged ' to take three weeks holiday a year ' .
` if a team needs a professional exception to the saturday rule -lrb- ie a junior banker needs to work on saturday and/or the entire weekend -rrb- , please email -lsb- a senior manager -rsb- by 9am on friday for approval .
exceptions will not be the norm and should be used sparingly , ' it adds .
overworked : moritz erhardt collapsed and died .
in the shower at his student halls flat in bethnal green , east london , .
after allegedly working through the night eight times in a two week .
period .
high pressure : young bankers often feel obliged to prove their mettle by enduring dangerously long shifts , and working several nights without sleep , sometimes pepped up by caffeinated drinks and drugs .
` all analysts and associates are expected , and will be strongly encouraged , to take three weeks of