researchers have found an unusual glimpse of the beginning of earth deep in a samoan volcano .
known as hotspots , volcanic island chains such as samoa can have ancient primordial signatures from the early solar system that have somehow survived billions of years .
researchers now say they have found unique chemical signatures that show them what conditions were like .
waves crash over lava as it flows into the ocean near volcanoes national park in kalapana , hawaii .
researchers say that volcanoes such as this , and several in samoa , can contain ancient primordial signatures .
volcanic island chains such as samoa can have ancient primordial signatures from the early solar system that have somehow survived billions of years .
hotspot volcanoes are not located at plate boundaries but rather represent the anomalous melting in the interior of the plates .
such intraplate volcanoes form above a plume-fed hotspot where the earth 's mantle is melting .
the plate moves over time -- at approximately the rate human fingernails grow -lrb- 3 inches a year -rrb- -- and eventually the volcano moves off the hotspot and becomes extinct .
another volcano forms in its place over the hotspot and the process repeats itself until a string of volcanoes evolves .
the uc santa barbara geochemist studying samoan volcanoes has found evidence of the planet 's early formation still trapped inside the earth .
matthew jackson , an associate professor in ucsb 's department of earth science , and colleagues utilized high-precision lead and helium isotope measurements to unravel the chemical composition and geometry of the deep mantle plume feeding samoa 's volcanoes .
their findings appear today in the journal nature .
in most cases , volcanoes are located at the point where two tectonic plates meet , and are created when those plates collide or diverge .
hotspot volcanoes , however , are not located at plate boundaries but rather represent the anomalous melting in the interior of the plates .
such intraplate volcanoes form above a plume-fed hotspot where the earth 's mantle is melting .
the plate moves over time -- at approximately the rate human fingernails grow -lrb- 3 inches a year -rrb- -- and eventually the volcano moves off the hotspot and becomes extinct .
another volcano forms in its place over the hotspot and the process repeats itself until a