ever wondered what celebrities eat when they 're not nibbling on canapes at events or dining at lavish restaurants ?
thanks to a new charity cookbook we know exactly what david cameron cooks for samantha after a long day in parliament and just how russell brand gets an energy kick in the morning .
estate agent strutt & parker has launched a charity cookery book featuring 52 celebrity recipes by high profile actors , singers , chefs , politicians and sports people in aid of great ormond street hospital children 's charity .
scroll down for video .
chef cameron : thanks to a new charity cookbook , food with heart , we know exactly what david cameron cooks for samantha behind the doors of number 10 downing street .
highlights of the book , entitled food with heart , include david cameron 's very own italian pasta dish , which he likes to cook for samantha and the children at no. 10 , simon cowell 's cottage pie , gary lineker 's lasagne and even russell brand 's detox ` green breakfast ' smoothie .
those with a sweeter tooth can choose between an array of superstar desserts including elizabeth hurley 's decadent chocolate mousse , amanda holden 's shortbread and jack whitehall 's bread and butter pudding .
inside , the recipes have been brought to life with drawings by distinctive illustrator louise morgan , well known for her instantly-recognisable work for waitrose .
skills : david , who can be seen cooking up a storm with president obama , loves to cook italian pasta with red wine and lots of double cream .
it seems that the prime minister has taken inspiration from the river cafe - his pasta dish , which is crammed with spicy italian sausage , red wine and double cream , is a shortened adapted version of the london restaurant .
tony blair 's baba ghanouj recipe was inspired by his travels to the middle east and he says that he ` loves ' the dish and has it ` all the time ' when he 's visiting .
funny man jack whitehall has shared his hot cross bun/pannettone bread and butter pudding recipe and said : ` this won me comic relief masterchef .
i was up against micky flanagan , who cooked a fish and orange dish , so it was