raymond knott , 62 , got into a row with his son and daughter-in-law after turning up on their doorstep - but claimed his guide dog took him there -lrb- file photo -rrb- .
a blind man who harassed his family in a furious doorstep row over inheritance blamed his guide dog for the argument , claiming the animal took him there by accident .
raymond knott , 62 , denied intending to go to his son and daughter-in-law 's house in order to harass them over # 102,000 of inheritance .
he said he was completely surprised when he discovered where he was but ` took the opportunity ' to knock on the door of the home in somerset .
the grandfather , who was wearing a t-shirt with ` would you or would you not steal # 102,000 ?
' written on the front , then verbally abused daughter-in-law rachael knott .
south somerset magistrates ' court heard that he accused her of swindling him out of the money , before demanding it back .
when she asked him to leave he told her to ` scream away ' before holding down the doorbell for around a minute .
courtney daley , prosecuting , said : ` when she -lsb- rachael -rsb- opened the door she found knott standing there and they had a verbal argument where he said he wanted his money back .
` she asked him to leave but he stepped forward and said he was going to start on her parents and put them all over the papers .
` when she said she would scream if he did not leave he said `` scream away , i do n't care '' and when she closed the door he put his finger on the bell continuously for about a minute .
' knott , of castle cary , somerset pleaded guilty to pursuing a course of conduct amounting to the harassment of rachael knott .
he was handed a restraining order prohibiting him from contacting his son and daughter-in-law directly or indirectly and from going to their address .
the court heard knott 's father had died earlier this year , and left him # 102,000 in his will .
concerned that he would lose his benefits if he took the money , knott , who is registered blind , handed it to his