by .
lydia warren .
accused : thortsen rushing , 18 , allegedly shot his father and younger brother in their home .
an 18-year-old high school senior accused of murdering his father and younger brother carried out the killings to get survivor benefits , court records suggest .
a tearful thorsten rushing had initially claimed that he saw two masked intruders shoot dead his father , uwe rushing , and 14-year-old brother stefan at their home in lawton , oklahoma in january before scaring them away by grabbing a shotgun and firing .
but his story quickly unraveled when investigators realized the trajectory of the bullets did not match his story and three of his four alleged accomplices - his school friends - confessed to the plot .
a week after the january 20 killings , thorsten rushing was arrested on murder and conspiracy charges , but authorities have never released a motive .
now a subpoena filed in the case has suggested that rushing , who had recently turned 18 , could have been trying to get his hands on a life insurance payout , the oklahoman reported .
in february , comanche county assistant .
district attorney mark stoneman asked for records relating to .
uwe rushing 's job at southwestern oklahoma state university , .
specifically ` all documents related to survivor benefits ' , the publication reported .
victims : uwe rushing , left , was shot twice and 14-year-old stefan was shot three times and suffocated .
gunned down : thortsen rushing is pictured right with his therapist father and younger brother .
thorsten rushing .
and four co-defendants - ethan thompson , 19 , wesley bankston , 18 , cody .
davis , 19 , and timothy delahoy , 18 - are to attend preliminary hearings this month .
rushing 's is scheduled for wednesday .
he allegedly carried out the killings on january 20 before calling 911 at 2.35 am , claiming he was sleeping in the living room when two men broke in and started shooting , killing his dad and brother .
the brothers ' mother , who had struggled with a drug problem , did not live at the home and had reportedly not had contact with her sons for nine years .
autopsy reports said stefan rushing was .
shot three times in the head and face and