by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
10:28 est , 30 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:10 est , 30 october 2013 .
a father and son blackmailed a company boss with pictures of his married business colleague and a half-naked woman in a dubai hotel room after a # 180million deal turned sour , a court heard .
they demanded # 35,000 to prevent the images - which showed the man being straddled by the woman - being put on the internet , damaging the international company 's reputation , and shown to the subject 's wife , isleworth crown court heard .
karim ashikali , 57 , and mohamedraza ashikali , 26 , both of stanmore , claim the blackmail complaint was invented to cut them out of a lucrative deal .
karim ashikali , 57 , -lrb- left -rrb- and mohamedraza .
ashikali , 26 , -lrb- right -rrb- are accused of blackmailing a company boss with pictures of his married business colleague and a half-naked woman in a dubai hotel room .
they maintain mohamedraza - known as mo - is owed # 35,000 in wages by the company .
they have pleaded not guilty to making an unwarranted demand with menaces against the businessman , who can not be identified for legal reasons , between november 6 and november 20 last year .
the businessman and the ashikalis had a meeting at the company 's hq in south kensington on november 6 , after a fruitless investment trip by both defendants to dubai resulted in mohamedraza parting company with the consulting firm .
the jury heard the company boss 's colleague - identified as mr b - was photographed stripped to the waist in a dubai hotel room , lying underneath a mystery woman wearing only a bra and knickers .
` when they came in mo held his phone up and showed me the pictures .
` they were of mr b with a woman sitting astride him , taken from two different angles , ' explained the businessman .
` the only reason the ashikalis came to me was to discredit him .
' mohamedraza also allegedly threatened to tell mr b 's wife that her husband was enjoying a fling with an attractive young female member of staff at the company , and had a recording of