the american woman and the canadian man accused of plotting a bloody valentines day massacre in a halifax shopping mall appeared in court on friday under tight security .
lindsay kannitha souvannarath , 23 , of illinois and randall steven shepherd made a brief appearance in court on charges of conspiracy to commit murder ahead of a preliminary hearing in april .
the third alleged co-conspirator , james gamble , 19 , took his own life at home in timberlea on february 13 ahead of the alleged planned shooting spree when police surrounded his house .
tight security and hand-cuffed : lindsay kantha souvannarath arrives at court in halifax , nova scotia , in canada on tuesday .
tired : lindsay souvannarath and randall steven shepherd are charged with conspiracy to commit murder , allegedly plotting a valentine 's day mass shooting at the halifax shopping centre .
police in canada say the three planned to go on a shooting rampage at halifax shopping center in nova scotia - before committing suicide .
souvannarath and shepherd were also charged with conspiracy to commit arson , possession of weapons for a dangerous purpose and uttering threats via social media .
they were both arrested at halifax stanfield international airport after souvannarath disembarked her flight from chicago .
both defendants were stony faced and passive during their court appearance and neither spoke .
judge brian gibson told the court to reconvene on april 10 and heard that the pair have not applied for bail .
disheveled : randall steven shepherd arrives at provincial court in halifax on friday ahead of his preliminary hearing in april .
indignity : randall steven shepherd puts his hands on the wall to be handcuffed as he arrives in court .
impassive : police say they foiled the alleged plot by three suspects to mark valentine 's day by killing as many people as possible at the halifax shopping center in nova scotia - and then committing suicide .
last month , tutors who taught columbine-obsessed goth , souvannarath , said she was a disturbed but talented writer .
souvannarath , 23 , from geneva , illinois was arrested alongside randall steven shepherd , 20 , from halifax , nova scotia , and charged with conspiracy to commit murder .
college professor charles aukema said : ` she knew how to put together a sentence and she