a columbia university student accused of raping a classmate - who has been carrying around her mattress in protest ever since - has insisted he is a feminist .
speaking to the new york times in his first ever interview , paul nungesser called the rallies against him ` bullying ' - and slammed the university for failing to prevent them .
he was accused by fellow senior emma sulkowicz of violently raping her in her dorm room more than two years ago , but the university cleared him in the case and in two others .
after learning about the decision , sulkowicz started lugging around her 50-pound mattress to symbolize the burden she was carrying - and vowed to continue until he left the school .
scroll down for video .
` victim ' : emma sulkowicz , pictured , has been carrying around her mattress ever since columbia university failed to discipline the student she says raped her .
he has now spoken out to protest his innocence .
the protest is also the subject of her senior thesis for the visual arts department - entitled ` mattress performance -lrb- carry that weight -rrb- ' - and has encouraged other students to rally with her .
nungesser , who insisted the sex was consensual , told the times he has finally decided to speak out because graduation is just months away .
he insisted that he was innocent .
` my mother raised me as a feminist , ' he said .
` and i 'm someone who would like to think of myself as being supportive of equal rights for women .
' but when sulkowicz accused him earlier this year of hitting her , pinning her down and raping her in august 2012 , two other female students also made complaints against him .
one student claimed he 'd groped her during a party while another who said he forced her into non-consensual sex during their relationship .
he was also cleared in these cases .
the campus newspaper , the columbia spectator , chose to name nungesser , saying that his name was available to the public in police reports .
afterwards , he saw his name plastered across campus bathrooms and in online news articles , he told the new york times .
his friends started avoiding him , he said .
he