a blushing bride was nearly left red-faced on her big day after the vicar tripped over the train of her strapless dress , almost pulling it down , and broke his arm .
reverend roger scoones was about to wave the newlywed couple down the aisle when he fell over the train of katie stoddard 's dress and landed face down on the floor .
the bride and groom immediately panicked and thought the 66-year-old vicar had suffered a heart attack at their wedding on sunday at st mary 's church , in stockport , cheshire .
scroll down for video .
the moment the vicar tripped and fell - rev scoones is the circled blur to the right of bride katie stoddard .
he fell heavily and broke his arm after attempting to jump over her gown .
reverend roger scoones broke his right arm but did not go to hospital until after the ceremony was finished .
the congregation watched in shock as rev. scoones was helped to his feet by stunned groom jon-paul before carrying on with the ceremony , despite a broken right arm .
mr stoddard , 31 , said : ` the wedding was almost over , and we were just getting organised to walk down the aisle to the wedding march as husband and wife .
' i think roger must have thought he was about 20 years younger than he is because he tried to jump over the train of katie 's dress , but he tripped and fell .
the wedding party , including reverend scoones prepare to walk down the aisle shortly before the incident .
the panicked couple were horrified when the vicar fell and initially thought he had suffered a heart attack .
` he completely faceplanted and just lay there for about 30 seconds , everyone thought he had had a heart attack .
' i was wondering why no one else was laughing - i could n't help myself .
' i pulled him to his feet - but by his arm which ca n't have helped - and he just carried on as if nothing had happened .
he is a real trooper , he did a brilliant job .
' reverend scoones tripped and fell over the train of mrs stoddard 's full gown , breaking his arm in the process .
mrs stoddard