published : .
13:04 est , 31 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:44 est , 1 january 2014 .
with its dark panelled walls and shelves crammed with books , there are hardly any clues to suggest this cosy study is n't at the heart of oxford university and its dreaming spires .
but the seemingly old-fashioned room has only just been installed at ashton sixth form college in greater manchester to encourage its students to set their sights on the uk 's top universities .
a room at the college has been completely made-over to resemble an oxford don 's study as part of a new initiative launched this year to send more state pupils from the area to oxford and cambridge .
spot the difference : the replica at ashton sixth form college -lrb- left -rrb- bears more than a passing resemblance to a real oxford university don 's study area -lrb- right -rrb- .
inspiring : the make-over is part of an initiative to send more state pupils to top universities .
lecturers from oxford 's pembroke college and leading local universities , including manchester , will travel to ashton sixth form college to hold lectures and tutorials with a-level students .
they will also coach them in the daunting admission process .
college principal janet nevins , herself an oxford graduate , said that for too long elite universities had recruited disproportionately from private schools .
she said : ` as someone totally committed to the furthering of academic skills and a love of learning , i am so pleased that we have been chosen .
' ms nevins added : ' i think we are doing something really quite special here .
' pembroke college tutors , including dr peter claus -lrb- pictured -rrb- , will hold lectures at the college .
the idea that oxbridge-esque surroundings may help to inspire pupils from poorer backgrounds is nothing new .
in 2012 , brooke house sixth form college in hackney spent # 10,000 building a room based on that of an oxford don in order to put students at ease during the interview process .
a-level students at the college found themselves surrounded by leather bound books in the room , and elaborate statues were placed outside the windows to mimic top universities ' ornate gardens .
the brook house scheme was another