radical bid : the prime minister is intending to stop printing foreign-language paperwork .
david cameron plans to strip welfare handouts from immigrants who can not speak english .
in a radical bid to slash britain 's benefits bill , the prime minister intends to stop printing welfare paperwork in foreign languages and prevent claimants using taxpayer-funded translators at benefits offices .
the move -- which would also hit british residents who can not speak english -- was due to be announced tomorrow , but has been delayed following a row with nick clegg .
tories hope that axeing foreign-language versions of documents explaining how to claim benefits would make it harder for immigrants such as newly arrived romanians and bulgarians to cash in on the uk 's benefits system , encourage others already here to learn english -- and save money spent on translators .
referring to the controversial channel 4 programme , one conservative aide said : ` the benefits street culture must end .
period .
' the plans were been drawn up by work and pensions secretary iain duncan smith .
one tory insider said : ` the vast majority of voters will think this idea is plain common sense .
it is unreasonable to expect taxpayers to spend huge sums on translators when people should be learning to read and write english .
' former tory cabinet minister liam fox also gave the scheme the thumbs-up , saying : ` the principle is a good one but it needs to be introduced in a way that 's fair and reasonable .
if it is , it will meet with general public approval .
the ability to speak english is one of the most empowering tools in the labour market and we should be encouraging as many people as possible to learn it .
' the announcement of the changes was delayed after a behind-the-scenes dispute between the coalition partners -- just the latest in a series of clashes between mr cameron and deputy prime minister mr clegg .
communicating : immigrants getting help from civil servants in newcastle .
but tory sources say they are ` optimistic ' the changes will be confirmed later this week if the lib dems can be won over .
one official involved in the plan said : ` cameron and duncan smith are very enthusiastic about it , but