tim southee believes new zealand are ready for ` one more big push ' in the on sunday in melbourne when they face fierce rivals australia in the world cup final .
the fast bowler said his team had allowed itself a day to celebrate the dramatic semi-final win over south africa at eden park in auckland , and had now ` parked ' the memory of that match .
playing in a world cup final , particularly against australia in front of almost 100,000 spectators at the melbourne cricket ground , was his ` dream come true .
' tim southee is relishing the prospect of facing australia in the world cup final on sunday .
new zealand practiced at the melbourne cricket ground on friday in preparation for the final .
daniel vettori will play his last ever odi for new zealand on sunday in the world cup final .
` as a kid growing up you either wanted to be an all black or a black cap and this is as good as it gets , ' he said .
` i 'm sure the guys are very excited to fulfill a childhood dream .
' southee said new zealand captain brendon mccullum ` speaks a lot about it being the time of our lives and the last couple of months we would n't replace for anything .
we never wanted it to end , we 've made it last as long as we possibly cane and one more big push and the guys will remember it forever .
' southee spoke of a sporting rivalry with australia in which new zealand was always ` the little brother .
' he was asked directly at a news conference on friday whether sunday 's final was about winning the respect of a fierce sporting rival whose attitude to new zealand cricket has always contained a note of condescension .
new zealand batsman kane williamson practices his football skills during the training session in melbourne .
new zealand captain brendon mccullum in the nets just outside the melbourne cricket ground .
grant elliott has a throw at the stumps in a fielding drill during new zealand 's practice session .
southee allowed that there had been cause in the past for australia to view new zealand in that manner .
` in times gone by we have n't played