syria 's government has issued an ultimatum to a un mediator hoping to broker peace in the country 's civil war by vowing to leave if ` serious talks ' do not begin by tomorrow .
the government delegation that travelled to geneva met for less than 90 minutes today with un mediator lakhdar brahimi , as part of a peace conference that has been on the verge of falling apart ever since it was conceived .
syrian foreign minister walid al-moallem told brahimi that if ` serious talks do n't begin saturday , the official syrian delegation will have to leave because the other party is not serious or ready , ' according to syrian state television .
scroll down for video .
troubles continue : as peace talks falter in geneva , a reported air strike in aleppo has left 16 people dead .
direct talks planned for friday between the syrian government and the western-backed syrian opposition were scrapped , and the opposition was to meet separately with brahimi later .
the syrian government blamed the opposition syrian national coalition for the lack of direct negotiations , which were seen as the best hope for an eventual end to the three-year civil war that has killed at least 130,000 people .
the bloodshed has destabilized the entire region and turned syria into a magnet for al-qaida-inspired militants .
as the peace conference faltered , fighting raged throughout parts of syria .
government forces bombed rebel-held areas in the northern city of aleppo , according to the british-based syrian observatory for human rights and local activists .
the latest airstrike , which reportedly took place yesterday , left 16 people dead , including three women and eight children .
fighting also raged in towns around the capital damascus , activists reported .
underscoring the extent of foreign involvement in the conflict , lebanese shiite hezbollah fighters fought alongside forces loyal to president bashar assad around the area of eastern ghuta , the british-based syrian observatory said .
the rebels clashing against them included extremists from the islamic state of iraq and the levant , a hard-line group dominated by foreign jihadis , the observatory reported .
death toll rises : the latest strike in rebel-held areas in aleppo killed 16 , including three women and eight children .
troubles continue : syrians inspect the damage caused by the