by .
ian gallagher .
published : .
16:07 est , 27 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
04:49 est , 28 october 2012 .
saddam hussain gave # 840,000 to the family of the british engineer who was murdered with his wife in the alps , it was claimed last night .
the former iraqi dictator is said to have deposited the sum in a swiss bank account in the name of saad al-hilli 's father .
the claim , which apparently originated with german intelligence , adds a sensational twist to the baffling case .
cash deposit : iraqi dictator saddam hussein , left , is said to have deposited # 840,000 into the bank account of murdered saad al-hilli 's -lrb- pictured right -rrb- father kadhim .
murder scene : saad al-hilli , his wife , iqbal , and his mother-in-law were all killed in an isolated lay-by near lake annecy in eastern france .
mr al-hilli , 50 , from surrey was killed along with his wife iqbal , 47 , his mother-in-law and a french cyclist last month in an attack that left his seven-year-old daughter , zainab , badly injured , and her four-year-old sister zeena deeply traumatised .
mr al-hilli 's father kadhim was once close to saddam 's ba'ath party , but fell foul of the tyrant in the seventies , and fled iraq for britain .
the scene of the september 5 massacre -- an isolated lay-by near lake annecy in eastern france -- is only an hour 's drive from geneva where the money was deposited .
swiss prosecutor dario zanni believes the family may have been returning from there when ambushed .
tragedy : how the killings were reported at the time of the massacre .
it raises the possibility that mr al-hilli had managed to gain access to the account , which is thought to have remained in his father 's name , and that this was known to his killer .
the story was reported in the respected french newspaper le monde .
it said that a french police source had revealed that the money 's source had been discovered by german intelligence agency bnd .
the agency 's operatives routinely monitored the flow of cash to and from baghdad as germany did more business with the saddam regime than any other country .
an