by .
james rush .
an animal rights organisation has released undercover video footage of a canadian veal farm which appears to show calves being forced into small pens , beaten and left to suffer .
mercy for animals canada captured the shocking footage over an eight week period at a veal factory farm in quebec .
the footage appears to show the young animals being forced into tiny crates , in which they are unable to turn around , as well as being punched and kicked .
scroll down for video - warning : graphic content .
undercover footage which appears to show calves being forced into small pens and beaten at a canadian veal factory farm has been released by an animals rights organisation .
the footage appears to show the animals being abused at the site in quebec .
the footage , taken over an eight week period , appears to show the animals being kicked and punched .
the group also claims sick and injured animals were left to suffer in the crates without proper veterinary care .
in one shocking scene , a calf appears to be shot by a rifle .
the injured animal however does not die immediately and has to be shot for a second time .
the undercover investigation , which took place between december 2013 and february 2014 , has now prompted an investigation by montreal society for the prevention of cruelty to animals , ctv news has reported .
krista osborne , of mercy for animals canada , said : ` their short lives are filled with fear , violence and prolonged suffering .
' dr. john webster , professor of animal husbandry at the university of bristol , and europe 's leading expert on dairy cattle welfare , said : ` in all my experience , this is the worst , cruellest system that i have ever seen , in every sense , housing , health and stockmanship .
' -lsb- t -rsb- he system as seen on the video is now .
illegal in europe , both in regard to individual housing , and denial of .
access to solid feed containing sufficient digestible fibre .
' the undercover investigation , which took place between december 2013 and february 2014 , has now prompted an investigation by montreal society for the prevention of cruelty to animals ,