in the fight against obesity , counting up the calories in every chip , biscuit or stick of celery can be a faff too far .
however , a us company claims to have developed a smart wristband that does the adding up for you - by measuring changes in the glucose levels and liquid in the skin cells .
the healbe gobe wristband is the latest twist in the wearable technology revolution , most of which is built on a theme of improving health .
scroll down for video .
the healbe gobe wristband -lrb- pictured -rrb- was designed by a team of russian developers and product managers led by artem shipitsyn and george mikaberydze .
the wristband uses an algorithm that analyses data collected by three sensors , designed to monitor changes in the body through the skin .
it was designed by a team of russian-based developers and product managers led by artem shipitsyn and george mikaberydze .
the wristband uses an algorithm that analyses data collected by three sensors .
these sensors monitor changes in the body through the skin as people go through their day , walking , eating , sitting and sleeping .
the wristband uses an algorithm that analyses data collected by three sensors .
these sensors monitor changes in the body through the skin as people go through their day , walking , eating , sitting and sleeping .
there is a pulse sensor which measures blood flow and heart rate , plus an accelerometer which measures body movement and activity , such as the number of steps taken .
the third is called a bioimpedance sensor , which the company claims can give a good measure calorie intake .
the theory is that when people eat , carbohydrates are turned into glucose or sugar in their blood .
cells absorb the glucose and use it for energy , displacing liquid in the process .
the bioimpedance sensor measures this change using patented software to translate this into the number of calories consumed , which are shown on the band 's screen .
there is a pulse sensor which measures blood flow and heart rate , plus an accelerometer which measures body movement and activity , such as the number of steps taken .
the third is called a bioimpedance sensor , which the company claims can measure calorie intake .
the