losing your keys is bad enough , but having to replace the entire lock because you do n't have a key to copy makes things even worse - not to mention expensive .
the keyme app promises to take the hassle and cost out of this by letting you store photos of your keys online , and order duplicates in the post .
alternatively , the us service has kiosks that let you copy keys in an emergency , or share photos with a locksmith in person .
keyme is a new york-based digital locksmith .
the app lets homeowners scan -lrb- pictured left -rrb- and store their keys in the cloud -lrb- pictured right -rrb- , share these scans with family and friends , and order duplicates in the post .
keyme is free on ios but is only currently available in the us .
keyme is free on ios but is currently only available in the us .
the new york-based startup is looking to expand the service , and an android version of the app is in development .
after setting up an account , homeowners use their smartphone camera to take a photo of each side of the key .
the photo must be taken on a white background , from a distance of up to 4 inches -lrb- 10cm -rrb- , in order to avoid what the app calls ` fly-by ' scans .
after setting up an account , homeowners use their smartphone camera to take a photo of each side of the key .
the photo has to be taken on a white background , from to 4 inches -lrb- 10cm -rrb- away , in order to avoid what the app calls ` fly-by ' scans .
once a key is successfully scanned and stored , users can send their digital keychain to friends , family and housemates over email .
the owner and recipient can then order duplicates from within the app .
storing keys is free , but the cost of ordering duplicates depends on the type of key being copied , with prices starting at $ 10 -lrb- # 6 -rrb- .
alternatively , photos can be used by physical locksmiths to create copies , or users can print keys from keyme kiosks .
this does n't , in theory , protect people from criminals taking photos of other people