over-zealous transport chiefs have been accused of wasting taxpayers ' money after putting up 63 ` no parking ' signs along a one-mile country lane .
officials have installed one of the bright yellow warnings every 84ft along the rural west pentire road in newquay , cornwall .
the narrow lane already has double yellow lines , however cornwall .
council decided motorists needed more signage to keep the hedge-lined .
thoroughfare free of obstructions .
over-zealous : transport chiefs have been accused of wasting taxpayers ' money after putting up 60 ` no parking ' signs along the mile-long rural west pentire road in newquay , cornwall .
sign of the times : the narrow lane already has double yellow lines , however cornwall council decided motorists needed more signage to keep the hedge-lined thoroughfare free of obstructions .
baffled locals have counted 63 of the metal poles bearing the signs , and say they can not understand why so many are needed as people very rarely attempt to park there anyway .
` during the summer there can be a bit of trouble with .
people parking on the grass verges and that 's what they 're trying to .
stop ' said one neighbour , who asked not to be named .
` but nothing so bad as to warrant so many signs in one mile .
they are lining the road , even opposite each other - it seems like a .
crazy and unnecessary expense .
' the campaign to protect rural england says around two thirds of signs in rural areas are unnecessary .
the .
group has been lobbying since 1996 for local authorities , including .
cornwall council , to ditch pointless roadside clutter and their campaign .
led to 170 of 900 signs being pulled down last year in another cornish .
village , feock .
spokesman orlando kimber said it was disappointing to hear the same authority had decided to erect 63 signs in a single lane .
he said : ` we have been running a campaign since 1996 to de-clutter the countryside in terms of unnecessary road signs .
` so it 's disappointing to hear about just how many signs have been erected along this road .
` it sounds like utter nonsense , but someone , somewhere has come up with the rationale for this .