by .
martin robinson .
published : .
04:09 est , 24 may 2012 .
| .
updated : .
06:33 est , 25 may 2012 .
bad news : the news that the uk is back in recession and the double dip is worse than predicted is a huge blow for chancellor george osborne .
george osborne suffered a new blow yesterday after it emerged that the first double-dip recession in britain since 1975 has been even deeper than previously thought .
official figures showed that the economy shrank by 0.3 per cent in the first three months of the year .
that is worse than the 0.2 per cent decline initially reported .
the slump between january and march plunged the uk back into recession -- defined as two quarters of contraction in a row -- following the 0.3 per cent fall in output at the end of 2011 .
and it is feared that output will fall again in the current second quarter because of the extra bank holiday for the queen 's diamond jubilee .
britain is trapped in the longest economic downturn for a century , eclipsing even the great depression of the 1930s .
one financial analyst described the outlook as ` terrible ' and warned that with the eurozone crisis raging ` the headwinds are turning into a hurricane ' .
but as pressure mounted on the chancellor to kick-start the recovery , the treasury pledged to stick to its plan to wipe out the record deficit racked up by labour .
chloe smith , economic secretary to the treasury , said the figures were ` disappointing ' and admitted that britain was in ' a technical recession ' .
but she added : ` we need to stick to our path .
it would not be acceptable to fail to deal with our debts .
' labour accused downing street of being ` complacent and out of touch ' .
shadow chancellor ed balls said : ` what more evidence can david cameron and george osborne need that their policies have failed and that they now need a change of course and a plan b for growth and jobs ?
' wrong : the treasury had hoped the figures would be revised upwards today but it got worse .
the figures from the office for national statistics were revised down after construction