it may have a reputation as the digital currency of choice for some unsavoury online deals , but bitcoin is about to become more mainstream .
gamers and phone owners can use the currency to buy xbox titles as well as apps for devices running windows phone .
while no official announcement has been made , microsoft has created a webpage that explains how the currency can be used to top up a microsoft account .
bitcoins -lrb- illustrated -rrb- can be used to buy xbox games as well as apps for windows phones .
while there was no official announcement , a webpage explains how the currency can be used to top up microsoft accounts .
however , bitcoins can only be used to load money into a microsoft wallet , rather than make direct payments , techcrunch noted .
at the moment , bitcoins can be added to us-based accounts , and have to be purchased in specific amounts , such as $ 10 , $ 15 , $ 25 , $ 50 , $ 75 and $ 100 .
commenting on whether the payment option will be rolled out to the uk , a microsoft spokesman told mailonline : ` initially , only customers with a us commerce account will be able to use the service .
` we 'll look to possibly expand the program in the future , but have nothing further to share at this time .
' microsoft is the latest large company to adopt the digital currency , which is becoming increasingly mainstream .
customers can already use it to pay for goods via paypal , dell and expedia , among others .
the move has been greeted enthusiastically by many bitcoin users .
at the moment , bitcoins can only be used to load money into a microsoft wallet , rather than make direct payments , but this means that people can buy apps for windows phones , games for xbox and microsoft software -lrb- shown -rrb- using the virtual currency .
bitcoin operates as a two-way currency which can be exchanged for dollars , and vice versa .
the notion behind it is to facilitate cheap , anonymous transactions policed by its community of users and is built around trust rather than relying on institutions like governments or banks .
bitcoin 's status as a digital currency is debatable .