president obama has angered wealthy jet-setting new yorkers with his travel plans this weekend because much of new york 's airspace will be shut down during his visit to the state .
the timing of the president 's trip to new york 's westchester county today for a series of weekend fundraisers could not have come at a worst time because it will be during the labor day weekend .
according to cbs , the federal aviation administration will put the skies over new york city on lock down until saturday .
travel : the timing of the president 's trip to new york 's westchester county friday for a series of weekend fundraisers could n't come at worst time because it 's the labor day weekend .
marine one : the federal aviation authority will put the skies over new york city on lockdown during the president 's visit this weekend .
corporate planes and private charters and their jet-setting passengers , will be the hardest hit .
the no-fly zone will last from friday afternoon and all day saturday .
but .
it will feel like an eternity for the high-powered wall street types who .
regularly depend on small planes to fly them to the playground of the .
rich and famous .
for those people obama 's timing is particularly bad , says the head of one aviation firm .
melissa tomkiel , president of the .
private aviation company fly the whale said : ` several were very upset .
about it and extremely inconvenienced .
aviation : melissa tomkiel , president of the private aviation company fly the whale said several people were upset about being grounded by the president .
` they had plans , you know , several weeks ahead of time to get out to their vacations .
' she told cbs that the company expects to lose at least $ 10,000 while new york city airspace is shut down .
` labor day in particular is important because it 's at the end of the busy season of the summer , ' tomkiel said .
` so it 's really our last chance to make as much as we can as a company and keep it in reserve for the slower months that are ahead .
' the temporary flight restrictions over new york city will have minimal impact on