by .
sam greenhill .
published : .
12:11 est , 26 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
20:53 est , 26 february 2013 .
marina litvinenko -lrb- pictured today outside the royal courts of justice -rrb- wife of spy alexander litvinenko , said britain and russia are conspiring to shut down his inquest .
david cameron is plotting with the kremlin to ` shut down ' the inquest into the death of poisoned former kgb spy alexander litvinenko in a ` stain on british justice ' , it was claimed yesterday .
the government is ` dancing to the russian tarantella ' by conspiring with moscow to hush up the assassination , a pre-inquest hearing was told .
both countries wanted ` to keep a lid on the truth ' to preserve trade deals worth millions of pounds , said a lawyer representing mr litvinenko 's widow , marina .
media organisations , including the daily mail , are fighting the government 's bid to withhold evidence from the inquest .
ben emmerson qc said : ` this has all the hallmarks of a situation which is shaping up to be a stain on british justice , with the british government deliberately covering up evidence .
' foreign secretary william hague , who oversees the work of mi6 , has signed a public interest immunity -lrb- pii -rrb- certificate to censor certain details of the case .
coroner sir robert owen must now decide on whether to hold part of the inquest in secret .
mr litvinenko , said to have been a triple agent on the payroll of mi6 and the spanish secret service , was poisoned with radioactive polonium-210 while drinking tea at the millennium hotel in mayfair in 2006 .
he died in a london hospital three weeks later .
his widow says he was assassinated on the orders of the kremlin , and the prime suspects are former kgb agents andrei lugovoy and dmitry kovtun .
they both deny involvement .
the crown prosecution service wants to charge lugovoy , but russia refuses to extradite him .
at yesterday 's hearing at the royal courts of justice in london , mr hague 's lawyer said he had no choice but to suppress information in the case as disclosure ` would pose a real risk of serious harm to the public interest ' .