manchester united left it late at the hawthorns to deny west brom a famous home win against louis van gaal 's stuttering side .
stephane sessegnon fired the hosts into the lead with his first goal this season , however manchester united equalised early in the second half .
much maligned midfielder marouane fellaini came on at the break to score a spectacular equaliser within minutes of the restart .
saido berahino broke clear of united 's shaky backline to send the baggies ahead again , but summer signing daley blind denied them the three points with a low strike with just three minutes left of play .
video scroll down to watch post-match reaction from louis van gaal and alan irvine .
west brom -lrb- 4-2-3-1 -rrb- .
boaz myhill was making his first appearance in the premier league since december 2013 on monday night .
boaz myhill - 7 .
his first premier league start in 10 months went well .
he made a decent save from van persie , then twice denied angel di maria .
no chance with fellaini 's thunderbolt .
andre wisdom - 7 .
showed a calm head to pick out sessegnon for his goal and worked tirelessly up and down the right flank .
not only did he provide an attacking outlet but a solid defensive screen .
craig dawson - 7 .
west brom rejected two bids from burnley in the summer and the former england under 21 international is beginning to show why .
from fourth-choice centre back to vital member of the team .
centre back joleon lescott failed to prevent marouane fellaini scoring at the start of the second-half .
joleon lescott - 7 .
out-muscled by fellaini for his goal , but provided plenty more to counter-balance .
there were timely interceptions to crosses and a calm authority to his play .
expert organiser too .
sebastien pocognoli - 6 .
dependable as usual at left-back without doing much spectacular .
has been the only foreign summer signing to feature in alan irvine 's team consistently and he does provide balance .
craig gardner - 7 .
threw himself in front of shots as the minutes ticked down and provided a solid core to west brom 's team .
restricted his running forward to ensure the hosts maintained their shape .
james morrison - 6 .
did