by .
olivia williams .
published : .
05:34 est , 15 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:34 est , 15 august 2013 .
rock etchings uncovered in a dried-up nevada lake bed dating back at least 10,000 years could be the oldest in north america .
the carvings in the desert were found on boulders that formed the shoreline of winnemucca lake , and could even be up to 14,800 years old .
they are believed by scientists in the journal of archaeological science to be older than carvings in long lake , oregon that date back 7,600 years .
ancient : these limestone boulders in northern nevada are covered in north america 's oldest etchings .
mysterious : because of their location they are thought to be drawn by the paiute tribe but scientists are yet to confirm who carved them .
those carvings were preserved in ash from the mount mazama volcano eruption but have now been overtaken as north america 's oldest .
later drawings usually depict weapons and animals such as spears or antelopes , but these nevada carvings are deeply-carved geometric designs .
because of their location they are thought to be drawn by the paiute tribe , who occupied the area 35 miles north of reno .
they could even be as much as 14,800 years old , said larry benson , the curator of anthropology at the university of colorado natural history museum and geochemist who co-wrote the paper .
his testing shows that the limestone .
boulders were exposed to air between 14,800 and 13,200 years ago and .
then again between 11,300 and 10,500 years ago when they were above the .
lake 's water line .
he used radiocarbon testing to date them and explained that even if they turned out to be the conservative estimate of only around 10,000 years old they would still be north america 's oldest carvings .
geometric : later drawings usually depict weapons and animals such as spears or antelopes , but these consist of large , deeply carved grooves and dots .
complex : scientists believe the etchings may represent meteorological symbols such as clouds and lightning , and perhaps the milky way .
dennis jenkins , an archaeologist at the university of oregon , said that the biggest challenge is now trying to determine who carved them .