by .
steph cockroft .
when bethann goldberg left her job as an engineer at nasa , she did n't want her keen eye for detail to go to waste .
so the mother-of-two from california , usa , started experimenting in her kitchen - and ended up crafting spectacular cakes which are out of this world .
the ultra-realistic creations , which can take days to make , include the likes of muddy trainers , record decks , rusty cars - and even a replica of the disney character wall-e .
bethann goldberg , 41 , pictured left , from california , usa , handmakes personalised cakes - including this amazing edible copy of the disney character wall-e , right .
what a snap !
this realistic-looking canon camera is just one of ms goldberg 's incredible creations , which can each take days to craft and perfect .
piece of cake ?
ms goldberg started making cakes after leaving her job as an engineer at nasa to have her first child - now she makes the amazing cakes full-time .
the 41-year-old , who has a masters in engineering , made her first cake - a 3d caterpillar - for fun to celebrate her daughter 's first birthday .
but after impressing her family and friends with her incredible creation , ms goldberg now works full-time bringing amazing scenes to life using icing and sponge .
and ms goldberg , who outgrew her kitchen and now works from a studio , says her nasa background is to thank for the intricate detail which is a trademark of all her cakes .
she said : ` nasa taught me about passion and dedication - i met the most innovative and creative people there who did n't have big budgets or fancy labs but had the dedication and grit to learn and understand .
' i learned natural problems had natural and graceful solutions .
cake design is not a dramatic change in my mind it 's just applying the methodology i soaked up from a wonderful institution to another medium .
` i 'm passionate about problem solving and i adore cakes - completely logical step in my mind .
' labour of love : ms goldberg credits her background as a nasa engineer for her attention to detail , shown in this rusty car cake , which includes