by .
daily mail reporter and associated press reporter .
published : .
08:09 est , 9 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:13 est , 9 july 2013 .
one of the self-proclaimed ` happy hookers ' was sobbing outside of court after finding out that her ` husband ' and his father were sentenced to three to nine years in prison .
` i loved him .
i just wanted him home , ' said desiree ellis , one of the three prostitutes who testified on behalf of their father-son pair of pimps .
vincent george sr. and his son vincent george jr. were found guilty last month of money laundering and promoting prostitution but acquitted of more serious sex-trafficking charges , and their matching prison sentences were handed down .
sobbing : desiree ellis , a self-proclaimed prostitute , cries outside of a manhattan court on monday after her two pimps were told of their matching three to nine year sentences .
emotional : ellis is one of three prostitutes who called themselves ` happy hookers ' that worked for vincent george sr and vincent george jr .
sentenced : vincent george jr -lrb- left -rrb- and his father vincent george sr -lrb- right -rrb- were found guilty of money laundering and promoting prostitution but not the more serious sex trafficking charge they faced .
judge ruth pickholtz announced the sentence on monday without elaboration , and the defendants showed no strong reaction .
but ms ellis , an admitted prostitute who was a defense witness , openly wept as she sat in the audience .
before hearing the sentence , the jailed vincent george jr. apologized to ellis and other women ` for not being there for them ' since his arrest last year and for ` wasting the court 's time .
' his father declined to speak , but prosecutors said that in pre-sentence interviews , both men refused to take responsibility for their crimes .
at trial , prosecutors alleged that george sr. , 56 , and his son , 35 , had used both threats of violence and false promises of riches to turn troubled women into virtual sex slaves .
tears for her ` family ' : desiree ellis , seen left when the georges were found guilty on june 19 and right on monday , was said to