by .
jill reilly .
published : .
11:16 est , 24 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:53 est , 24 january 2013 .
arrest : robert pimentel has been arrested on accusations he sexually abused 20 students .
a former los angeles elementary school teacher who taught for more than 35 years has been arrested on accusations he sexually abused 20 students .
police say robert pimentel has been charged with 15 felonies , and he is expected to be charged with misdemeanors for the remaining incidents at george de la torre jr. .
elementary in the wilmington area of los angeles .
pimentel 's bail has been set at $ 12 million , and an arraignment date has n't been set .
police and school officials also said pimentel is also suspected of the sexual abuse of one adult , but did not say what role if any that person had at the school .
pimentel , 57 , left his fourth-grade teaching position last march when allegations arose from several girls who told their parents he inappropriately touched them during school and police opened an investigation .
district officials immediately removed him from campus and parents and state credentialing authorities were informed , school district spokesman daryl strickland said .
parents and guardians will be told of the arrest by letter and phone , he said .
` due to the number of victims .
involved in this case , that 's what took so long for it to culminate , ' said det. gus villanueva with the lapd told abc7 .
more ... paedophile , 25 , had sex with girl , 12 , as he hid in her bedroom for two days while her unknowing parents sat downstairs .
' i was in love with head girl ' , says choirmaster accused of raping former pupil .
before the official dismissal process .
with the board of education could begin , pimentel , who had worked for .
the district since 1974 , retire .
charged : police say robert pimentel , 57 , has been charged with 15 felonies at george de la torre jr. .
elementary in the wilmington area of los angeles .
` can you go back and fire someone who 's already retired ?
no , you ca n't , ' lausd superintendent john deasy told the