one young woman 's first experience of a music festival ended in tears on saturday when she left the event with blood-soaked clothes and four stitches in her head .
sarah watts glidden was attending the adelaide stereosonic festival at the weekend , dancing in the crowd with her friends while listening to electronic artist uberjakd play his set .
out of nowhere , the 19-year-old was hit with a flying glass bottle leaving her with a nasty gash on her forehead from which she was quickly losing blood .
' i did n't see anything at all but just felt and heard the big smack on my head , ' ms glidden told daily mail australia .
scroll down for video .
sarah watts glidden was at stereosonic music festival in adelaide on saturday when she was hit by a glass bottle , presumably thrown into the crowd by another partygoer .
the wound was ` gushing ' and ` squirting ' blood , and resulted in ms glidden being given four stitches in her head .
' i ca n't recall what i was thinking but i put my hand on the wound and blood was gushing absolutely everywhere .
' covered in her own blood the teenager said she was rushed out of the crowd by two of her friends - ashley and stacey - when the trio were fortunate enough to bump into first aid officers .
they took ms glidden to the medical tent but paramedics had trouble stopping the bleeding , estimating she had lost more than half a litre of blood due to the injury .
a medic put four stitches in her head on the spot , and the 19-year-old will likely be left with a permanent scar from the injury .
the teenager was attending the second day of the two-day festival , and had planned to take it easy as she was heading overseas the next morning .
however she was left covered in her own blood and will likely have a permanent scar from the injury .
the paramedic that treated the teenager said the injury caused arterial bleeding , while ms glidden 's friend ashley said ` at one point when i took my hand off -lrb- the wound -rrb- that it legitimately squirted ' .
` looking back on it it 's terrifying .
i was really