-lsb- digg -rsb- .
by .
daily mail reporter .
updated : .
19:24 est , 27 october 2013 .
wal-mart heiress alice walton is requesting a 2011 driving while intoxicated arrest to be expunged from her record , and prosecutors say she 's likely to get her way .
the charges against walton , 63 , were dropped last month since the arresting officer would n't be able to testify .
according to the texas department of public safety , the state trooper that arrested walton has been suspended pending an internal investiation into allegations of misconduct .
the two-year statue of limitations on the charges expired on october 7 .
like it never happened : 63-year-old walmart heiress alice walton is requesting that a 2011 dwi arrest be taken off her record , and parker county , texas prosecutors say she will likely get her way .
` the case is not that credible , which is probably a reason it was laying around for a while , ' said fred barker , assistant prosecutor for parker county .
mr barker would n't elaborate on specifics of the case and it 's credibilty .
he did say however , that by next month , it ca n't be used against walton .
` it will cease to exist for us in any way - literally , ' barker said .
` we would not even acknoledge it ever existed nor that it was expunged , or that we ever talked to you about it .
alice walton 's mugshot after the 2011 arrest in texas .
` there 's really no way to stop it , ' he said .
` once that 's done , it 's gone , gone , gone .
' walton was arrested on her 62nd birthday when she was stopped at an intestate in parker county texas for a traffic violation .
texas highway patrol trooper gary rozzell said at the time : ` through an investigation at the scene , walton was determined to be intoxicated during a field sobriety test .
' he also said she refused a breath test , according to the weatherford democrat .
she was booked and released on $ 1,000 bond .
a statement from a family spokesman said : ` ms walton was pulled over by a patrolman with the department of public safety