new york governor andrew cuomo has become the first governor in five years to visit cuba , following president obama 's ease on trade and travel to the communist nation .
the governor is heading a delegation of 18 academics and business leaders visiting the island in the wake of the december announcement that the us and cuba would restore diplomatic relations after more than a half century of hostility and confrontation .
today , cuomo met with cuba 's top officials for u.s. relations along with executives from jetblue , mastercard , pfizer and other new york-based companies .
scroll down for video .
thumbs up : andrew cuomo has become the first american governor to visit the island since the recent thaw in relations with the communist nation , is meant to foster greater ties between new york and cuba .
local tradition : governor cuomo enjoys a mojito during a meeting at the hotel nacional in havana on the first evening of the delegation 's visit .
business first : cuomo has met with cuba 's top officials for u.s. relations along with executives from jetblue , mastercard , pfizer and other new york-based companies .
` like the people in cuba , the people in new york and the united states are very excited about the courage that your president , raul castro , has shown , and the leadership that he has shown , ' cuomo said .
` we believe that this is going to be a dramatic change that is going to be to the benefit of the people of cuba and also to the people of the united states .
' cuomo said the purpose of his visit was to see what can be .
done now and look to the future should full trade be restored .
marilu b'hamel , director of north american affairs at cuba 's foreign trade and investment ministry , said the visit was .
welcomed and would ` serve to explore the potential between our .
two countries and support the progress of normalization .
' mastercard says it is ready to provide service in cuba and .
jetblue has said it wants to begin direct commercial flights to .
cuba .
meeting : new york governor andrew cuomo , center , shakes hands with cuba 's minister of foreign trade rodrigo malmierca at the hotel