the last time david moyes took career advice from sir alex ferguson , things did not work out quite so well .
but that did not stop him seeking the opinion of his predecessor at old trafford before accepting the invitation to become the new manager of real sociedad , as he revealed after his official unveiling in san sebastian .
it would suggest moyes harbours no grudge against ferguson after his dismissal from united in april , or indeed after an updated version of ferguson 's autobiography was released last month .
if some saw the new chapter as less than complimentary about moyes , the former everton manager did not take offence once he was aware of the full context .
david moyes poses with a real sociedad scarf as he was unveiled as the club 's new manager on thursday .
moyes admits he took advice from sir alex ferguson , as he did before taking over at manchester united .
the new sociedad boss was in high spirits as he oversaw his first training session in san sebastian .
there was not a hint of bitterness as he embarked on this new spanish adventure here on thursday .
not only did he feel rejuvenated after a seven-month break but he felt vindicated too , such are the difficulties louis van gaal has endured this season after amassing fewer points than moyes at the same stage last year .
he was even generous towards his dutch successor , who he said should be given more time than he was .
the conversation with ferguson was nevertheless an interesting one .
` i phoned sir alex about coming out and he spoke about the job and the opportunity , which he thought was a great one for me , ' he said .
` he thought it would be a good chance and something very few british managers get the opportunity to do .
' very few british managers get the very top jobs in english football these days and the 10-month spell he endured at united will always be a source of frustration .
but appearing before the spanish media here at the anoeta stadium there was no shortage of confidence .
he was relaxed and self-assured , delighted to be in spain 's wealthiest city even if his new boss happens to be in the arms