an androgynous male model has showcased his amazing make-up skills by transforming himself into countless iconic stars using clever contouring and colours .
from miley cyrus to elizabeth taylor , joseph harwood , 22 , from london creates the dramatic looks using the make up he has designed and made himself .
taking up to two hours to finish each look and incorporating style tips along the way , joseph has created step-by-step youtube videos notching up half a million views every month .
scroll down for video .
joseph harwood as miley cyrus : the model transforms himself into well-known celebrities on youtube .
joseph said : ' i was always an artistic child , drawing costumes and faces , but then i thought ` why do n't i just do this on myself ?
' i create looks to tie in with current trends , like miley , or classic looks like marilyn monroe and elizabeth taylor .
` i 've also been in the industry - whether it 's in front of or behind the camera .
` my youtube channel is a great way to communicate with people and offer them help and tips , as well as showing off what make up can do .
' joseph applies foundation in various shades then chooses an eyeshadow as he transforms himself .
his finished look for elizabeth taylor as cleopatra .
joseph started modelling seven years ago aged just 15 , but soon turned his hand to make up.after becoming obsessed with 90s supermodels , he took a college course and learned to make his own cosmetic products .
now , he designs and makes everything himself .
joseph said : ` my hair extensions , make up , clothing - i do it all myself .
' i .
loved 90s supermodels , and then i discovered glam rock .
that opened so .
many doors for me and i realised what i could do with my make up and .
clothes .
joseph shows off his iman look , complete with dramatic wig and iridescent eyeshadow .
joseph has created step-by-step youtube videos notching up half a million views every month .
' i do n't just barge straight into the looks i create , i research everything .
` especially .
with the classic looks i really want to get them right .