by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
14:17 est , 23 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
06:44 est , 24 october 2012 .
her eyes shining with pride , britain 's paralympic swimming heroine ellie simmonds met the queen last night to be congratulated on her sensational summer .
the 17-year-old , who took double gold in london to equal her previous success in beijing , was attending a glittering reception at buckingham palace .
it was held because the queen wanted to say a personal thank-you to britain 's olympic and paralympic successes of 2012 .
scroll down for video .
delight : ellie simmonds , wearing her two gold medals , is congratulated by the queen .
also among the royal party was the duchess of cambridge , in an alice temperley dress with sheer black neckline and hem , featuring white embroidered flowers .
the successful athletes were clearly thrilled to be there .
ellie tweeted : ` 1st stop -- buckingham palace !
#superexcited ' .
double bronze swimming medallist rebecca adlington wrote : ` had an amazing time tonight at buckingham palace with all the medallists from the olympics + paralympics !
so nice to see everyone again !
' effortlessly beautiful : the duchess of cambridge .
looked elegant in a black gown by alice temperley teamed with a small black clutch and heels at a reception for .
great britain 's sporting stars at buckingham palace .
celebratory reception : the duchess of cambridge pictured talking to carl hester , charlotte dujardin , and scott brash during a reception for team gb medallists at the 2012 olympic and paralympic games .
the athletes arrived in their official team gb formal wear of suits , which included a special inside pocket for their medals .
team gb began the summer 's medal rush by winning 65 in total , including 29 golds , an achievement that was hailed as the athletes ' ` greatest ever ' performance by andy hunt , their chef de mission for london 2012 .
the sportsmen and women easily surpassed their beijing 2008 medal haul of 47 .
warm welcome : the duchess of cambridge greeted the medal winners to congratulate them on their success .
charming company : the duchess of cambridge pictured centre talking to the women 's hockey team during a