by .
rebecca camber and jack doyle .
published : .
18:01 est , 13 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
01:42 est , 14 june 2012 .
murdered : steven grisales , 21 , was stabbed through the heart by a 15-year-old boy who had ripped off his tag just days earlier .
the full extent of how thugs on electronic tags routinely breach their curfews to commit more crimes is exposed today .
a damning report reveals that nearly 60 per cent of offenders , supposedly confined to their homes , are free to walk the streets with impunity .
yesterday the human cost of the system 's failure was laid bare when a 15-year-old who repeatedly flouted his tagging order was jailed for killing an innocent student .
the boy is said to have ripped off his tag just days before stabbing steven grisales , 21 , who had told him off for throwing a conker .
but the council charged with monitoring the curfew did n't bother to recall him to court because the breach happened on the eve of the august bank holiday weekend .
last night , the parents of the murdered scholarship student spoke of their horror that the 15-year-old had broken his curfew so many times but nothing was done .
his mother jasmid said : ` they can do anything that they want because the law wo n't do anything .
the police do their job -- they take them in -- but they just have to let them go .
' their anger came as a damning report by probation inspectors revealed gaping holes in the curfew regime , which allow offenders to roam the streets freely for hours at a time and not face further punishment .
the chief inspector of probation , liz calderbank , said the rules ` fall far short of what people have a right to expect ' .
she added : ` in our view you do not change the behaviour of those who offend by giving them the impression that they are subject to stringent requirements only for them to find out they are not .
if you are trying to change people 's behaviour you need to be setting clear and simple boundaries .
' inspectors found a fifth of offenders placed on tags broke the rules but were let