a chip shop owner has removed a ` racist ' banner boasting that the business now had ` english owners ' , after his predecessor received threats to burn it down .
previous owner paul bradbury - who put the sign up at the chippy on the green in padiham , lancashire , after taking it over last august - has gone back to liverpool with his wife rachel after shutting up shop .
the couple had put a banner outside which said ` under new management with english owners ' - but mr bradbury said that he received two threatening phone calls from people calling him racist .
edited : sotos orfanides , the new owner of the chippy on the green , has adapted the sign to read ` under new management with english meals ' gone : original owner paul bradbury -lrb- pictured last year -rrb- - who put the sign up at the chippy on the green in padiham , lancashire , after they took it over last august - has gone back to liverpool with his wife rachel .
they left the shop and moved away from the area earlier this year - and new owner sotos orfanides has now adapted the sign to read ` under new management with english meals ' .
mr orfanides , who is originally from cyprus and also owns a greek restaurant in liverpool , had previously been renting the chippy on the green to mr and mrs bradbury .
sign : the bradburys had put a banner outside which said ` under new management with english owners ' he said : ` i do n't think the original sign was racist , but there was a big thing about it being racist .
no one is racist in this shop .
they were english and they were serving some english food .
` i changed the sign because people were calling and threatening to burn the shop down .
i care about the business , so i changed it .
paul and rachel went back to liverpool because of the threats .
they were n't racist .
' the shop had previously been run by .
english people of east asian and of greek descent .
it used to sell .
english and chinese food , kebabs and pizza under mr and mrs bradbury but .
is now