eu ` enthusiast ' : david cameron .
david cameron was branded an eu ` enthusiast ' by tory eurosceptics last night as he said britain must let eurozone countries move towards a united states of europe with a common economic policy .
the prime minister admitted he was not sure whether germany and other countries had the political will to prevent a break-up of the single currency , but insisted they must be allowed to try -- even if that meant closer integration .
the tumult on global financial markets intensified yesterday ahead of a crunch ruling by the german constitutional court on the legality of bailouts for debt-crippled nations .
mr cameron , appearing before mps , repeated his pledge that britain would never join the euro while he is in charge .
but he and the chancellor have reversed decades of opposition to a two-speed europe , in which britain and others would stand apart from a closer-knit inner core of nations .
george osborne yesterday urged governments in the single currency nations to follow the ` remorseless logic ' of further financial fusion .
but he suggested there was ` no immediate prospect of major treaty renegotiation ' that would allow britain to try to claw back some powers already transferred to brussels .
in the zone : the pm said he was n't sure if european countries had the political will to prevent a break-up of the single currency , but insisted they must be allowed to try - even if that meant closer integration .
do you want to see a united states of europe ?
do you want to see a united states of europe ?
now share your opinion .
` the chancellor and i have both said that .
the logic of monetary union is a greater fiscal union and we see the .
eurozone countries moving in that direction , ' mr cameron said .
` i do n't .
think we should stand in the way of them making some progress .
' eurosceptics insist britain must demand concessions and exemptions from the union in exchange for standing back .
mr cameron , appearing before the liaison .
committee of senior mps , suggested that opportunity might come further .
in the future if a new treaty is deemed necessary .
he raised the .
possibility of seeking to