louis van gaal is unlikely to get too giddy over the fact that the guinness international cup will sit proudly alongside the chevrolet cup at old trafford this season .
the dutchman is too long in the tooth to pay much attention to pre-season tournaments and the pots they provide .
of far more importance to van gaal will be the way his team fought back in miami 's sun life stadium to claim an unlikely , and some would argue undeserved , victory over old rivals liverpool .
it means that united fly home on tuesday morning unbeaten on their five-game tour of america and yet to taste defeat under the new manager .
no mean feat when the opponents have also included real madrid , roma and inter milan .
video scroll down to watch rooney 's bizarre disallowed goal .
angle : rooney slots home with a neat finish in the second-half from hernandez 's scross .
looking on : rooney watches his effort slot in from the tightest of angles as skrtel looks dejected .
delighted : striker rooney wheels off in celebration after bringing united level in miami .
get in : juan mata celebrates after putting united ahead in the second-half in miami .
quick-fire : mata is mobbed by team-mates after completing the turnaround for united .
rounded off : lingard slots home united 's third with two minutes remaining at the sun life stadium .
three 's up : youngster lingard runs off in celebration at sealing the victory for his side .
champions : darren fletcher and rooney lift the international champions cup trophy .
manchester united : de gea , evans -lrb- blackett 46 -rrb- , smalling , jones , valencia -lrb- shaw 9 -rrb- , herrera -lrb- lingard 78 -rrb- , fletcher -lrb- cleverley 46 -rrb- , young , mata -lrb- kagawa 68 -rrb- , rooney -lsb- captain -rsb- , hernandez -lrb- nani 68 -rrb- .
subs : lindegaard , amos , johnstone , m keane , james , zaha , w keane .
goals : rooney -lrb- 55 -rrb- , mata -lrb- 57 -rrb- , lingard -lrb- 88 -rrb- .
booked : shaw -lrb- 52 -rrb- .
liverpool : mignolet , kelly , johnson , skrtel , sakho -lrb- toure 74 -rrb- , gerrard -lsb- captain -rsb- -lrb- lucas 62 -rrb- , allen -lrb- ibe 62 -rrb- ,