scroll down for video .
the winner of this year 's ` mrs australia ' could be about to be dethroned , forced to step down from the prestigious title and give up her shiny crown after announcing she has split from her husband .
kate johnson , born in manly , sydney , was the winner of the 2014 title , which showcases the talents and beauty of married women only .
the 30 year old stunner told the daily telegraph she had separated from her husband of five years , jason and is now living as a single woman .
mrs australia kate johnson has now split from her husband and could be forced to give up the crown .
` mrs australia ' kate johnson -lrb- pictured -rrb- says the split with her husband , jason , was amicable .
the 30 year old could now be forced to give up her title and crown .
` it was an amicable split , ' she said , ' i think about 70 per cent of military relationships end up in divorce and unfortunately we are going to be one of them .
' the pair , who met working as youth instructors with the australian air force cadets in darwin in 2007 and got married a year later , have been living in sydney for the last four years .
while the split is believed to be amicable a friend told the daily telegraph ms johnson felt under appreciated .
kate johnson -lrb- pictured -rrb- is an ambassador for ovarian cancer australia and the touch of goodness foundation .
a recent split with her husband could put her mrs australia title in jeopardy .
model and business woman mrs australia kate johnson has put her title in jeopardy after splitting with her husband jason .
the mrs australia title is for married women only .
mrs australia kate johnson -lrb- pictured -rrb- is now going to focus on her work as a single woman .
johnson who lists her profession on her facebook page as model and businesswoman , is also an ambassador for ovarian cancer australia and recently represented australia at the mrs international competition in the us in july in which she placed fifth .
on it 's website the event is described as part of the international pageant system , developed to promote today