by .
james rush .
bryan greenhalgh , 63 , was handed a discretionary life term after admitting 13 charges of indecent assault and one serious sexual assault .
a former headmaster has been jailed for a string of sex attacks on eight vulnerable boys at two boarding schools over a ten year period dating back to the 1970s .
bryan greenhalgh , 63 , was handed a discretionary life term after admitting 13 charges of indecent assault and one serious sexual assault .
he was told he had to spend at least three years behind bars , and would only be freed if he was rated as low risk , after being branded ` dangerous ' by a judge .
greenhalgh , of suffield , near north walsham , norfolk , was jailed at norwich crown court as one of his old colleagues , ken wells , was also sent to jail for historic sex offences .
greenhalgh carried out the attacks on boys , all aged under 16 , at sheringham court school , norfolk , and thurlby manor , lincolnshire .
he was also sentenced for possessing indecent images found on his home computer after it was seized by police .
andrew shaw , defending , said greenhalgh deserved credit for his guilty plea .
mr shaw told the court : ` any sentence should not be so long as to give him no hope of release to enjoy the twilight years of his life .
he does not enjoy the best of health .
' judge nicholas coleman labelled greenhalgh ' a very high risk sex offender .
' he said : ` you can not understand the untold harm you have done to these boys as they have gone into adulthood .
` it 's clear they have suffered severe psychological harm .
you are a dangerous person .
' greenhalgh was jailed at norwich crown court -lrb- pictured -rrb- as one of his old colleagues , ken wells , was also sent to jail for historic sex offences .
wells , 76 , of leicester , was convicted yesterday of three counts of indecent assault following an eight-day trial at norwich crown court .
the housefather abused a boy aged under 16 at sheringham court school in the 1970s .
jailing wells for six years , judge catherine moore told him : ` you