kim kardashian west 's stay in uae does n't appear to be getting any less luxurious .
over the weekend the reality tv star dined in yuan , the decadent chinese restaurant and bar at atlantis , the palm , where kim is staying .
dressed in a sleek black dress with nude sandals , she stopped by the fine dining restaurant with producer friend carla dibello , who wore a grey wrap dress , and her entourage .
well heeled : kim kardashian leaves yuan , the signature chinese restaurant , bar and lounge at atlantis , the palm in dubai .
since its launch almost a year ago , yuan has seen a flurry of starry guests including international supermodel jourdan dunn and ex-made in chelsea cast member turned fashion designer millie mackintosh .
kim posed for pictures before ordering from the menu , which has been devised by executive chef jeff tan , formerly of hakkasan mayfair .
house favourites include braised seafood with bean curd served in clay pot and stir-fried ` you mai cai ' lettuce with black bean preserved fish .
fine dining friends : kim and carla dibello ate in restaurant that has hosted model jourdan dunn and designer millie mackintosh recently .
as one-half of one of the world 's most powerful superstar couples alongside kanye west , kim has become accustomed to a life of luxury , with private jets , beverly hills mansions , and designer clothes worth more than the average person 's annual salary .
so , it 's not surprising that she has checked into a magnificent suite at the restaurant 's hotel , atlantis the palm , which costs a staggering aed129 ,000 - over # 22,430 - per night .
the 924 square-metre royal bridge suite spans the entire arch of the now-iconic structure , with dramatic 180 degree views across the palm and the arabian sea .
decadence in dubai : kim kardashian has checked into one of the world 's most expensive suites at atlantis the palm .
kim , 34 , has documented her stay a ; ready by staging a sex and the city-style entrance , mimicking a scene in the movie sequel which saw carrie and the girls enter their palatial suite at a fictional hotel in neighboring uae capital , abu dhabi .
the mother-of-one and her friends strut