by .
daniel bates .
if you ca n't bear to be away from the office then this luxury car might be the answer - by keeping you working on the move .
the bentley mulsanne executive interior concept is a fully operational mobile business suite which means that even traffic wo n't hold you up .
it has in-built wi-fi , three tvs and two docking stations with wireless keyboards that ipads can slot into .
scroll down for video .
the mobile office : the bentley boasts six screens and wifi to keep in touch on the road .
a mac mini sits in a ` bespoke boot drawer ' coordinating all the electronics , and there is an ipod which can play music and acts as the remote control for the entertainment system .
just like the executive car of old there is also a telephone , which is inside the armrest .
the mulsanne is aimed at executives who need to be connected even during long commutes and can not afford to waste time .
bentley has not released the price of the concept yet , but the normal version cost # 202,000 -lrb- $ 325,000 -rrb- .
according to the specifications , the main tv is a 15.6-inch high definition screen whilst the smaller tv sit in the back of the front headrests .
there are electric powered wood veneer picnic tables that drop from the backs of the front seats which have the ipad workstations on them , including a bluetooth wireless keyboard .
two ipads are contained in special ` picnic tables ' , and have wireless keyboards .
an ipad touch is docked on the armrest - and has a special app to control the entertainment , and you can even use it to control the satnav to instruct the driver .
the mac mini has 20gb of storage space for films and music which is broadcast through a 200w , custom 20 speaker system .
the satellite navigation is state of the art and has voice zip code recognition - plus those in the back can put in new destinations too .
among the other features are slots in the seats for the wireless keyboard when you are not working , a rear view camera and an ipod dock on the armrest .
there are task lights and vanity mirrors which