charles ashton , a funeral director , has admitted fondling a woman 's breasts before the service .
an octogenarian funeral director fondled a woman 's breasts minutes before a service , a court heard .
charles ashton , 83 , could face jail for the assault in which he made a series of inappropriate comments about the woman 's figure before grabbing her .
the incident happened at the family funeral directors business which ashton runs with his son .
the pensioner , who is a former director and chairman of castleford rugby league football club , pleaded guilty to sexual assault at leeds magistrates ' court .
robert campbell , prosecuting , told the court : ` there was a funeral about to take place and they were in a room -lsb- together -rsb- ... he put his arm around her , kissed her on two occasions and fondled her breasts .
' mr campbell added : ` he had also made inappropriate remarks about the size of her breasts .
' stephen swan , mitigating , asked for sentencing to be adjourned so that a report could be prepared into the circumstances of the case .
he added that the assault was out of character for ashton .
mr swan said : ` it is entirely out of character for this man who it 's fair to say is devastated about what 's happened .
i think it 's a measure of him that he is so upset about what 's happened .
' before leaving the hearing last week ashton , of castleford , west yorkshire , told magistrates : ` i am sorry to have troubled you .
' they warned that he could face jail for the offence .
earlier this year an undertaker who poured flour over a neighbour 's mercedes for blocking in his hearse was jailed .
funeral director julian riley , 39 , and peter elliot , 60 , had argued for weeks over parking spaces after property developer elliot bought a house opposite riley 's business , a court heard .
in september 2013 riley was caught on cctv emptying a 2lb bag of self-raising flour over mr elliot 's black mercedes e-320 .
a court heard it set ` like cement ' in the rain and removing it scratched the car 's paint .
police arrested riley after