stewart greene , 64 , has been charged with the murder of his grandson , nine-year-old alex robinson -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
a man has been charged with murdering his own nine-year-old grandson , police said tonight .
officers were called to schoolboy alex james robinson 's family home in lincoln on tuesday .
the little boy was rushed to hospital but was pronounced dead a short time later .
police said tonight that alex 's grandfather , stewart greene , was charged with his murder after a post mortem examination was carried out on the boy 's body earlier today .
they have not revealed how alex died .
greene , 64 , has been in custody since tuesday , and will appear before magistrates on boxing day .
` following the post mortem held this morning -lrb- 24th december -rrb- , the investigation is now being treated as a murder inquiry , ' said a police spokesman .
` we can now name the victim as 9 year old alex james robinson of lincoln .
` the 64-year-old man mentioned in our earlier press releases has been charged with the murder of alex , he is stewart james greene of grimoldby , near louth , the grandfather of the victim .
` he will appear before lincoln magistrates on boxing day .
' the 64-year-old man was previously said to be ` helping police with inquiries ' .
alex 's father , john robinson , paid tribute to his son on facebook with the heart-breaking message : ` my little boy up in heaven the brightest star shining ever xxx .
' officers were called to alex 's house in lincoln , shortly before midday on tuesday , when he was taken by ambulance to lincoln county hospital .
friends and family had also taken to facebook to express their grief and pay tribute to alex , ' a lovely ' little boy .
police were called to the house in lincoln on tuesday , and alex was rushed to hospital .
police said tonight that alex 's grandfather , stewart greene , was charged with his murder after a post mortem examination was carried out on the boy 's body earlier today .
friends and family have taken to facebook to pay tribute to alex , the ` lovely ' little boy .
gen robbo wrote :