by .
tammy hughes .
published : .
04:42 est , 9 july 2012 .
| .
updated : .
04:43 est , 9 july 2012 .
gunmen stormed a pakistani army camp today , killing seven soldiers and a policeman who tried to intervene .
the unrest happened in gujrat where thousands of hardline islamists spent the night on their way to the capital to protest over the government 's recent decision to reopen the nato supply line to afghanistan .
police chief basharat mahmood said it was unclear if any of the islamist protesters were involved in the incident but that it was ` surely a terrorist attack .
' unrest : protesters shout slogans during a rally condemning the movement of nato supplies to afghanistan through pakistan .
the camp was attacked at around 5.20 am local time , a little less than an hour after the leaders of the difah-e-pakistan , or defence of pakistan , protest movement finished delivering speeches inside the city .
the group , which includes hardline islamist politicians and religious leaders , left the city of lahore yesterday along with 8,000 supporters in 200 vehicles to make the 185-mile -lrb- 300km -rrb- journey to islamabad .
they travelled about halfway , spent the night in gujrat and planned to hold a protest in front of parliament in the capital today .
two pakistani men cheer as they set fire to a picture of president obama .
many still resent america for an airstrike that killed 24 pakistani soldiers seven months ago .
painful memories : dissidents burn tires during a protest against the agreement to reopen nato supply route , in peshawar , pakistan .
the roughly half a dozen gunmen who attacked the camp were riding in a car and on motorcycles .
they killed seven soldiers at the camp and a policeman who tried to intercept them as they were escaping .
four policemen and at least three soldiers were injured .
the camp that was attacked was set up to look for the body of an army major who was flying a helicopter when it crashed into a river in the area , said police .
the leaders of difah-e-pakistan include people with known militant links , including hafiz saeed , the founder of the banned lashkar-e-taiba militant group , and maulana samiul haq , known as the