by .
eleanor crooks , press association .
eugenie bouchard reached her second successive grand slam quarter-final by knocking out eighth seed angelique kerber at roland garros .
the 20-year-old made her grand slam breakthrough in january with a run to the semi-finals at the australian open and her progress in paris has been just as impressive .
bouchard came into the tournament in form after winning her first wta tour title in nuremberg and her 6-1 , 6-2 thrashing of kerber was her ninth victory in a row .
easy win : eugenie bouchard has reached the french open quarter-finals after thrashing angelique kerber .
eyes on the prize : bouchard will face carla suarez navarro next after her 6-1 , 6-2 win .
new and improved : bouchard believes she had developed her skills since the beginning of the year .
german kerber , who was a quarter-finalist in paris in 2012 , is the fifth of the top eight seeds to exit the tournament .
bouchard was unfazed by her run in melbourne and it is a similar story here .
the .
canadian said : ' i feel like since the beginning of the year i have been .
improving my game , since australia i 'm at a different level from there .
` i 'm .
confident and i really believe in my skills .
i believe i can play with .
the best girls out there .
she -lrb- kerber -rrb- is top 10 , so i respect her .
she .
can play some really good tennis .
' i .
was really mentally prepared for anything , for a battle .
i think that .
mindset helped me , made me realise whatever happens i can deal with it .
on the court .
' i was just really going for my shots .
that was my intention .
it worked .
' sorry exit : kerber 's defeat means she is the fifth of the top eight seeds to be knocked out in paris .
elation : spain 's carla suarez navarro celebrates after beating ajla tomljanovic in the fourth round .
it .
will be carla suarez navarro who bouchard plays in the last eight after .
the spaniard defeated 21-year-old ajla tomljanovic 6-3 , 6-3 .
the .
14th seed last reached the quarter-finals in paris back in