by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
23:09 est , 26 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
05:55 est , 27 february 2014 .
married couples and civil partners could make a binding agreement about how their property or finances should be shared if their relationship breaks down .
a so-called ` prenup ' law that allows a couple to set the terms of a divorce before they get married has been put forward by the government 's law reform advisers .
under the current law , couples can make pre - and post-nuptial agreements but they are not binding and the parties can not be certain they will be upheld .
a report from the law commission , matrimonial property needs and agreements , includes a draft bill which , if implemented , would bring legally-recognised ` qualifying nuptial agreements ' into effect .
they would enable married couples and civil partners to make a binding agreement about how their property or finances should be shared if their relationship breaks down , the commission said .
professor elizabeth cooke , law commissioner for property , family and trust law , said : ` pre - and post-nuptial agreements are becoming more commonplace but the courts will not always follow them and lawyers are therefore not able to give clear advice about their effect .
` qualifying nuptial agreements would give couples autonomy and control , and make the financial outcome of separation more predictable .
we have built in safeguards to ensure that they can not be used to impose hardship on either party , nor to escape responsibility for children or to burden the state .
' as part of a package of measures , the commission has also recommended that the family justice council , the non-statutory advisory body made up of representatives from the family justice system , produces guidance on financial needs .
guidance would explain the outcome a judge would aim for in determining a settlement , including achieving eventual financial independence .
ms cooke added : ` we believe that married couples and civil partners should have the power to decide their own financial arrangements , but should not be able to contract out of their responsibilities for each other 's financial needs , or for their children .
guidance would explain the outcome a judge would aim for