by .
alasdair glennie .
published : .
20:24 est , 8 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
01:35 est , 9 april 2013 .
a stunt on i 'm a celebrity ... get me out of here !
in which a contestant 's child was used as a prize was condemned as offensive yesterday by the tv watchdog .
regulator ofcom said it had ` serious concerns ' about the episode in which charlie brooks failed to win the chance to be reunited with her daughter kiki , seven .
the ruling was praised by media campaigners as a ` warning shot ' to other reality programmes not to use children in the same way .
shocked upon realising : eastenders actress charlie brooks , 31 , was offered the chance to win luxuries such as food and clean clothes by opening one of five doors - not knowing her child was standing behind one .
ofcom launched an investigation into the episode in november last year after eastenders actress miss brooks , 31 , was offered the chance to win luxuries such as food and clean clothes by opening one of five doors -- not realising her child was standing behind one .
the tearful soap star later told viewers the disappointment was ` heartbreaking ' .
kiki , who had not seen her mother for 18 days , had been ordered to stay silent but afterwards appeared distressed .
at the time , itv was accused of cruelty .
in its judgment , ofcom said : ` the .
appearance of a seven-year-old child placed in such a scenario would .
have gone far beyond the likely expectations of the audience .
' back together : the tearful soap star , pictured with kiki last december , later told viewers the disappointment was ` heartbreaking ' ofcom accepted itv 's claim that kiki had exhibited disappointment rather than ` real distress ' .
it decided the broadcaster had been careful to protect her emotional welfare and said she was looked after by her grandmother while miss brooks was in the jungle .
but the watchdog attacked the premise of the stunt , saying it would have caused a ` significant level of offence ' .
it added : ` we considered the editorial premise of this challenge would have been potentially offensive : in effect