a teenage apprentice jockey has died after suffering horrific injuries during a four horse fall at a south australian racetrack .
caitlin forrest , 19 , was flung to the ground and run over by the trailing horses at murray bridge racecourse , south east of adelaide , on wednesday .
she was reportedly semi-conscious and responsive when airlifted to the royal adelaide hospital but later died from her injuries .
scroll down for video .
caitlin forrest , 19 , was flung to the ground and run over by the trailing horses at murray bridge racecourse , south east of adelaide , on wednesday .
ms forrest 's mount , collo voce , was the early leader when he broke his leg on the turn and fell to the ground .
ms forrest 's mount , collo voce , was the early leader when he broke his leg on the turn and fell to the ground , the advertiser reports .
three other horses and riders went down in the fall , including jockey libby hopwood who was taken to a nearby hospital to be treated for a suspected broken collarbone and concussion .
collo voce , the horse ms forrest was riding , was put down following the incident .
the other three horses got back up and kept running .
the apprentice jockey was reportedly semi-conscious and responsive when airlifted to the royal adelaide hospital but later died from her injuries .
ms forrest 's boyfriend , fellow jockey scott westover , took to facebook to pay tribute to ` the love of his life ' the 19-year-old suffered horrific injuries during the four horse fall on wednesday .
ms forrest 's boyfriend , fellow jockey scott westover , took to facebook to pay tribute to ` the love of his life ' .
` today has been the worst day of my life , i lost the love of my life caitlin forrest , ' he wrote .
` her smile i 'll never forget or her telling me off for not cleaning .
i 'll miss her sleep talking and her rolling over to say she loves me .
' i know there will be an angel up there watching me everyday and riding with me .
i love you so much my beautiful girl and i 'll never forget the best three years of