a canadian automobile executive imprisoned in cuba on corruption charges for more than three years was released today - only five months into the 15-year jail sentence he was given in september .
cy tokmakjian , 74 , had his case ended by cuba 's government who called it a demonstration of the fight against bribery , and critics said it was a warning against doing business in the country .
the executive , who is owner of ontario-based tokmakjian group , was serving jail time after his arrest in a 2011 anti-graft drive that swept up cuban officials and foreign business executives from at least five nations .
cy tokmakjian -lrb- above -rrb- , 74 , a canadian automobile executive who was imprisoned in cuba on corruption charges for more than three years was released today - only five months into his 15-year jail sentence .
` cy returns home in good health , fantastic spirits , and is looking forward to spending time with his family which includes three loving children and seven excited grandchildren , ' said his lawyer barry papazian .
the case was seen by some as a loose end in the us/cuba deal late last year that led to the release of three cuban intelligence agents in exchange for us contractor alan gross and cia spy rolando sarraff trujillo .
the executive , who is owner of ontario-based tokmakjian group -lrb- above the ontario office -rrb- , was serving jail time after his arrest in a 2011 anti-graft drive that swept up cuban officials and foreign business executives from at least five nations .
canada and the vatican hosted key talks during in 18 months of negotiations leading up to the exchange , which was accompanied by a joint move to restore full diplomatic relations between the countries .
it was not revealed by canadian officials on whether the deal boosted their efforts to win freedom for tokmakjian , and no immediate reason was given for his sudden release .
the company statement made no mention of two canadian aides from the tokmakjian group who were also convicted and sentenced to 12 and eight years .
they had been under house arrest throughout the trial and while their convictions were being appealed .
fourteen cubans were also convicted and sentenced to terms ranging from six to 20 years in a case that strained cuba