footballer john terry has bought the # 4.35 million former mansion of golfer colin montgomerie , downsizing from the # 16million home which he sold earlier this year .
the # 170,000-a-week chelsea captain has bought the seven-bedroom property , which is nestled in a half-acre estate in oxshott , surrey , after selling his nine-bedroom mansion , situated just a few hundred yards away .
he made a # 10million profit by selling his luxury home to general sultan bin mohammed al-naamani , a senior minister for the arab state - who reportedly purchased it for his boss sultan qaboos bin said in january .
chelsea captain john terry , 33 , has bought the former home of golfer colin montgomerie -lrb- number three -rrb- after selling his nine-bedroom mansion -lrb- number two -rrb- , and his original house -lrb- number one -rrb- in oxshott , surrey .
the former england captain has bought the seven-bedroom property , which is nestled in a half-acre estate in oxshott , surrey , after selling his nine-bedroom mansion , situated just yards away , which sold for # 16million .
the footballer sold his former home -lrb- bottom -rrb- for # 16million in january .
he had planned to move into the property with his family , after building it next door to his original oxshott home -lrb- top -rrb- which he sold in 2013 .
terry and his wife toni -lrb- together above -rrb- had planned to move into the white nine-bedroom mansion adjacent to their original red-brick home but sold it in january after reportedly getting an ` offer they could n't refuse ' the former england captain -lrb- left -rrb- has bought a seven-bed mansion which was formerly owned by golfer colin montgomerie -lrb- right -rrb- .
the footballer paid # 4.35 million for the home , which is smaller than his former house .
terry , 33 , had planned to move into the brand new white mansion , which he built next door to his old property -- a red-brick house which he sold last year for # 5.25 million after three years on the market .
however , he received an out-of-the-blue # 16million offer for his new home from mr al-naamani , who is believed to have bought the home for his wealthy boss - sultan qaboos bin said , 72 - who has an