by .
victoria woollaston .
for the past three years , google has insisted anyone who uses its google + social network must register using their real name - a policy that extended to youtube in 2013 .
however , the tech giant has now made a u-turn and will let users post using any username , which ultimately means they can post anonymously .
although google claims the move has been made to simplify the process , it could lead to an increase in abusive trolling across its sites .
since 2011 , google has insisted google + uses register using their real name - a policy that extended to youtube last year .
however , the tech giant has made a u-turn and will now let users post using any username .
this ultimately means they can post anonymously and could lead to a rise in abusive trolling -lrb- stock image pictured -rrb- .
the announcement was made on an official blog post on google + .
over the past year , google + has steadily .
started letting + page owners use any name of their choice , and let .
youtube users transfer their usernames into google + .
although google will now allow various usernames on the site , it still has a number of restrictions .
for example , all profile names must include a first and last name .
this includes initials .
users ca n't impersonate another person , famous or otherwise .
they must also not contain swear words .
it said : ` when we launched google + over three years ago , we had a lot of restrictions on what name you could use on your profile .
` this helped create a community made up of real people , but it also excluded a number of people who wanted to be part of it without using their real names .
` we know that our names policy has been unclear , and this has led to some unnecessarily difficult experiences for some of our users .
` for this we apologise , and we hope that today 's change is a step toward making google + the welcoming and inclusive place that we want it to be .
' over the past year , google + has steadily started letting + page owners use any name of their