minnesota vikings running back adrian peterson and his legal team are reportedly close to reaching a plea deal in his child abuse case in texas .
the case could be resolved as early as tuesday , when peterson is due back in court for a hearing to revoke his bond after he allegedly admitted to smoking marijuana before his initial hearing in september .
the disgraced football star , 29 , faces one felony count of reckless injury to a child after he was accused of striking his 4-year-old son with a tree branch or switch at his gated mansion in the woodlands .
scroll down for video .
minnesota vikings running back adrian peterson and his legal team could be set to reach a plea deal in his child abuse case in texas on tuesday .
the possible terms of the plea deal would include reducing the felony charge down to a misdemeanor , reports khou .
instead of jail time , both sides would agree to probation with a set of requirements which may include attending parenting and anger management classes and submitting to random drug tests .
it is n't known what effect the deal will have on peterson 's playing status .
the vikings star has been on paid leave since his arrest .
officially , he is on the commissioner 's exempt list and is barred from all team activities .
it is n't known what effect a successful plea deal will have on peterson 's playing status .
the vikings star has been on paid leave since his arrest .
as a condition of his bond , peterson has been forced to undergo drug testing after he reportedly informed an employee at the facility during a recent visit that he might not be clean .
according to court documents , peterson allegedly told a drug-testing administrator that he had recently ` smoke a little weed ' before submitting to a urinalysis test .
` during this process the defendant admitted ... that he smoked a little weed , ' according to the motion filed by montgomery county district attorney brett ligon .
the vikings said in a statement they were aware of the allegation and ` will await the results of that hearing before having further comment .
' peterson -lrb- above with one of his sons -rrb- was arrested and posted $ 15,000