by .
laura collins in billings , montana and daily mail reporter .
published : .
16:23 est , 6 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:28 est , 6 september 2013 .
montana 's highest court ruled today that a state judge does not have the authority to amend a controversial 30-day sentence he handed down to a former teacher convicted of raping a 14-year-old girl .
district judge todd baugh last week sentenced ex-billings high school teacher stacey rambold to 30 days in jail for the 2007 rape of cherice moralez in his home .
he said the girl , who committed suicide before the case went to trial , seemed older than her 14 years and was ` probably as much in control of the situation ' as her teacher .
blocked : montana supreme court voted 4-2 barring judge todd baugh -lrb- pictured -rrb- from holding a hearing to possibly amend rapist 's 30-day sentence .
the lenient jail term and the judge 's provocative argumentation sparked widespread outrage among women 's groups and victims ' advocates .
amid public outcry and growing pressure from the persecution , who vowed to appeal the sentence , judge baugh apologized for his earlier remarks and called a hearing to re-examine and possibly amend rambold 's sentence - a move the state attorney general challenged as being outside baugh 's legal authority .
on friday , montana supreme court agreed , ruling 4-2 against baugh 's planned unilateral action , and paving the way for prosecutors to file an appeal .
` we conclude that the stated intent of the district court -lrb- baugh -rrb- to alter the initially imposed oral sentence in today 's scheduled hearing is unlawful and that the proceeding should be arrested , ' the court ruled , without commenting on the validity of the sentence itself .
the decision came down just hours before the state judge was to convene the hearing to reconsider the sentence .
in a bizarre twist , the defense joined the prosecution in opposing the scheduled hearing , saying that it would be ` without legal authority .
' the prosecution said the 54-year-old disgraced educator probably should have received a minimum of two years in prison instead of the 15-year-term with all but a month suspended that baugh had given him .
earlier this week ,