by .
ellie zolfagharifard .
nasa 's robotic moon explorer , ladee , took a death dive into the lunar surface last night .
the orbiting spacecraft crashed into the moon while travelling at speeds of 3,600 mph -lrb- 5,800 kph -rrb- - fast enough to be vapourised by the impact .
no debris would have been left behind , but project scientist rick elphic predicted : ` it 's bound to make a dent .
' nasa 's small moon-orbiting spacecraft ladee is no more .
flight controllers confirmed today that it crashed into the moon while travelling at speed of 3,600 mph -lrb- 5,800 kph -rrb- - fast enough to be vapourised by the impact .
by yesterday evening , the spacecraft had been skimming the lunar surface at an incredibly low altitude of 300 feet -lrb- 100 metres -rrb- .
its orbit had been lowered on purpose last week to ensure a crash by monday following a successful science mission .
ladee - short for lunar atmosphere and dust environment explorer - was launched in september from virginia .
from the outset , nasa planned to crash the spacecraft into the of the moon , far from the apollo artefacts left behind during the moonwalking days of 1969 to 1972 .
in this nasa illustration , dust scatters light during the lunar sunset as ladee orbits the moon .
by yesterday evening , the spacecraft had been skimming the lunar surface at an incredibly low altitude of 300 ft -lrb- 100m -rrb- .
launch : sept. 6 , 2013 .
launch site : wallops flight facility , virgina .
launch vehicle : minotaur v .
planned mission duration : 100 days .
actual mission duration : 128 days .
mass : 844 lbs -lrb- 383 kg -rrb- .
power : 295 watts .
cost : # 167 million -lrb- $ 280 million -rrb- .
mission legacy : ladee identified various components of .
the thin lunar atmosphere .
it also studied the dusty veil surrounding the moon , created by all the .
surface particles kicked up by impacting micrometeorites .
scientists hope to use the data to address a long-standing question : was lunar dust , electrically charged by sunlight , responsible for the pre-sunrise glow seen above the lunar horizon during several apollo missions ?
ladee also hosted nasa 's first dedicated system for two-way