it had to be james milner , did n't it ?
the man who already has social media history woke up this morning to find himself , once again , the unwitting subject of sniggers around the globe when a video of him being nutmegged by lionel messi before awkwardly tumbling on the nou camp went viral .
in the stands pep guardiola put his hands to his face while up in the commentary box gary neville branded it ` barbaric ' .
james milner -lrb- right -rrb- attempts to shackle lionel messi during manchester city 's european exit .
milner 's spoof twitter account boring james milner has amassed over 389,000 followers .
no matter that his team-mate fernandinho befell the same fate moments earlier , it was funny because it was milner .
milner whose clean cut , straight-talking yorkshireness spawned the spoof @boringmilner twitter account -lrb- last count 389,000 followers -rrb- .
milner who we poke fun at because he is the antithesis of everything we say we loathe about footballers .
no drunken late nights partying , sordid kiss-and-tells or dummy-spitting rows with managers to see here .
unfortunately , milner will be remembered as being the victim of messi 's genius at the nou camp .
dutch manager ruud gullit took to twitter and added : ` omg .
messi made milner famous ' bolton 's on-loan midfielder barry bannan wrote messi ` ai n't human ' after his ridiculous skills .
the inference behind the giggles was loud and clear - the dour englishman was shown up by the silky-skilled argentinian master and he really had no right to be on the same pitch .
but who does ?
not many on the planet could have lived with messi as he waltzed and weaved through the parting sky blue seas on wednesday night .
at times it appeared as though he was playing a different sport .
milner was not alone in being made to look foolish .
messi was in stunning form , producing an incredulous nutmeg that drew gasps from the football world .
stoke city goalkeeper jack butland echoed gary neville , tweeting ` watching the game with my legs closed ' the argentina ace leaves milner on the floor after passing the ball through his legs and skipping past him .
he will , however , take all of this