by .
daily mail reporter .
a transgender woman has told of her joy after internet users paid for her to have a vagina .
samantha allen said she is used to receiving abuse online , so could not believe it when she raised the $ 8,000 needed for her surgery in less than 24 hours .
ms allen , a doctoral fellow in the department of women 's , gender and sexuality studies at emory university , in atlanta , raised the money through crowdfunding .
a transgender woman has had surgery to create a vagina after raising $ 8,000 on a crowdfunding website .
samantha allen -lrb- right , pictured with her wife , corey -rrb- had the operation in april .
on the daily dot she wrote : ` i 've been called every anti-woman , anti-gay , and anti-transgender slur in the dictionary .
` i 've read three thousand word e-mails from anonymous readers who just want to let me know that i 'm a disgrace to my community .
` so if you had told me last year that i would one day be tearfully thanking the internet for supporting my gender transition , i would have laughed in your face .
' ms allen , who was born a man , wanted to have surgery to remove her penis and replace it with a vagina .
she discovered that the operation would cost about $ 20,000 .
her health insurance would cover part of the cost but she would need to pay the remaining $ 8,000 .
samantha allen says she could not believe it when she reached the fundraising target in less than 24 hours .
image shows her fundraising page .
unable to afford this herself , she and her wife , corey burke , created an indiegogo crowdfunding campaign to pay for the gender reassignment surgery .
she explained that she saw having a penis as ` a source of suffocating shame and self-loathing ' meaning she knew she had to have the surgery .
on her indiegogo page she added that she has been taking female hormones since november 2012 and that she has ` spent -lsb- her -rsb- entire life trying to correct the circumstances of -lsb- her -rsb- birth .
she wrote .
that she was born into a devout mormon family and that when she left