inappropriate : ellen pao claims she received pornographic materials from her male colleagues while working for silicon valley venture capital firm kleiner , perkins , caulfield & byers .
pictured above outside court on tuesday .
the trial of a high-profile sex bias lawsuit in silicon valley began tuesday with a lawyer for a former junior partner at a venture capital firm claiming his client was denied a promotion because of her gender and then fired when she complained .
in his opening statement , lawyer alan exelrod said plaintiff ellen pao was discriminated against in the male-dominated culture of kleiner , perkins , caulfield & byers -- the defendant in the case that has sparked debate over the treatment of women in the high-tech and venture capitalist arenas .
exelrod said pao , 45 , had received erotic poetry and sketches of nude women from a senior partner at the firm , and another male employee interfered with her work when pao broke off an affair with him .
the firm has denied wrongdoing and said pao was a poor performer who did n't get along with her colleagues .
an attorney for the firm was expected to give an opening statement later in the day .
pao is seeking $ 16million in damages .
the trial in san francisco superior court could last four weeks .
the jury includes five men and seven women .
venture capital firms provide much of the startup funds for tech companies and have a reputation as being even more insular and male-dominated than the companies they help launch .
` this case is a wakeup call , ' said longtime stanford university law professor deborah rhode , who teaches gender equity law .
` the case has sparked a much-needed debate about gender inequality regardless of its merit .
' women hold 15 to 20 percent of the technology jobs at tech giants google , apple , facebook and yahoo , according to disclosures by the companies .
the firms acknowledge needing to do more to hire female engineers but largely attribute the problem to cultural issues that discourage girls and young women from taking classes needed to pursue careers in computer coding and website design .
high-stakes : pao is currently suing her old firm for $ 16million , claiming she was discriminated based on her gender .
pictured on the