police described victim tai lam , 67 , as a ` defenseless senior citizen ' with disabilities , who weighed less than 100 pounds and stood about 5 feet 5 inches tall .
police have released surveillance footage showing a group of men who they suspect of savagely beating a homeless man to death as he slept in an alley in downtown san francisco .
tai lam , 67 , was found dead last monday in an alley behind buildings near the corner of montgomery and sutter streets .
he was still inside his sleeping bag .
police described lam as a ` defenseless senior citizen ' with disabilities , who weighed less than 100 pounds and stood about 5 feet 5 inches tall .
he was not robbed , and there was no clear motive in the attack .
police spokesman albie esparza has described the incident as ' a vicious , unprovoked attack by these coward suspects .
' video surveillance shows a man kicking lam 's sleeping bag .
police said the man and two others returned a short time later to beat him again .
` there was no reason for this , ' said san francisco police lt. toney chaplin .
` as far as provocation goes , i do n't know how much provocation you can give someone sleeping in a sleeping bag with your crutches a few feet away from you .
' the attacks happened between 11pm and midnight on nov. 23 , but lam 's body was n't discovered until about 7am the next morning .
` he was unable to defend himself .
he died alone after suffering these horrendous attacks , '' chaplin said .
scroll down for video .
police have released surveillance footage showing a group of men who they suspect of savagely beating a homeless man to death as he slept in an alley in downtown san francisco .
the newly released video shows the three persons of interest while they smoked a cigarette on the steps to crocker galleria near montgomery and post streets , shortly before the assaults .
the three young men are wearing hooded sweatshirts and baggy clothing and did not appear to be homeless themselves .
they were described as possibly in their late teens to early 20s or 30s .
two of the suspects are believed to be african-american while