zara phillips and her husband mike tindall were spotted enjoying some comfort food after he fell on the finish line on the jump .
the queen 's granddaughter had joined mike tindall in innsbruck , austria , for the channel 4 show , and the couple were seen visiting a kebab shop for a late-night snack after the final .
the former rugby international came joint second place on the show with athlete louise hazel as they lost out to former towie star joey essex .
hold the hot sauce : zara phillips orders at a kebab shop in innsbruck , austria after celebrating husband mike tindall 's second place on the jump .
mike , 36 , and zara , 33 , visited the chili kebab shop in innsbruck in the early hours after the final and tucked into their greasy meal before heading home holding takeaway boxes .
zara wore a black fur-lined coat and black heeled ankleboots , while her husband looked more casual in jeans and a green puffer-style jacket .
the couple , who married in 2011 , live on princess anne 's gatcombe estate with their young daughter mia , born last year .
it was reported last week that they are set to revamp a grade ii listed farmhouse where zara 's father , captain mark phillips , had been living since his divorce from anne in 1992 .
once a high-tech renovation has been carried out on aston farm , set in 600 acres on the princess royal 's estate , the young family will move in .
late night treat : zara had been supporting her husband as he took part in the channel 4 winter sports show , which saw him make it to the final where he lost out to joey essex .
happy couple : zara and mike , who are parents to mia , one , looked happy to finish their night with a snack .
hot spot : the couple visited the chili kebab shop in innsbruck in the early hours after the jump final .
` the new rooms include a gun room , gym , cinema and games room , ' an insider told mail on sundat 's girl about town .
mr and mrs tindall sold a # 1.2 million house in cheltenham two years ago and moved to a small cottage next