when 5-year-old zoey was first adopted this summer , she slept with slices of pizza and horded scraps of food from the trash can , still traumatized by the years of starvation at the hands of her biological parents .
two years ago , zoey and her two siblings were taken away from biological parents kenny and kathleen sanchez , when a colorado police officer noticed the then 3-year-old 's skeletal frame - severely underweight at just 19 pounds .
zoey is now healthy and no longer afraid her food will be taken away from her , seven months after moving in with adoptive parents amy and victor arellano , 9news reports .
the little girl 's recovery now has an even better ending , as her heartwarming story broadcast around the nation on wednesday led to the arrest of her biological parents , who have been on the run for the last year and a half .
happy ending : five-year-old zoey -lrb- right -rrb- was taken from her biological parents two years ago after a colorado police officer saw her father strike her in the face , and noticed she was underweight .
she has since been adopted by amy -lrb- left -rrb- and victor arellano .
hungry : when she was taken away from her parents in february 2012 , zoey weighed just 19 pounds .
the arellanos say zoey would bring slices of pizza to bed and horde food when she first started living with them .
biological parents : after the story of zoey 's happy recovery and adoption was broadcast around the nation on wednesday , her fugitive biological parents kenny -lrb- left -rrb- and kathleen sanchez -lrb- right -rrb- were arrested more than 1,400 miles away in foley , alabama .
the two skipped $ 50,000 bail in july 2013 .
the sanchezes were first arrested in february 2012 , when an off-duty boulder , colorado police officer witnessed zoey 's father hit her in the face in a store when she was hysterically crying out of hunger .
the concerned officer said in a police report that zoey had ` sagging skin , protruding bones and visible ribs ' .
he reported the incident to local police and continued to follow the family , including zoey 's then 4-year-old brother and 2-month-old sister madison , until the parents were arrested .
kenny