a german television drama about the second world war has sparked outrage in poland for allegedly trying to spread responsibility for the holocaust .
` our mothers , our fathers ' , which follows the lives of five wartime germans , shows members of poland 's resistance army shunning jewish members and failing to help others heading for auschwitz .
in one scene , a partisan boasts ` we drown jews like rats ' .
controversial : drama ` our mothers , our fathers ' follows the lives of five wartime germans .
criticism : the polish ambassador to berlin has slammed the depiction of poles as hostile towards jews in the programme .
changing history ?
the polish ambassador said he was ` shocked ' by the portrayal of his country 's resistance army .
yesterday poland 's ambassador to .
berlin , jerzy marganski , slammed the series in a letter sent to german .
public television station zdf , which broadcast the 14 million-euro .
production .
` the image of poland and the polish .
resistance against the german occupiers as conveyed by this series is .
perceived by most poles as extremely unjust and offensive , ' marganski .
wrote .
` i , too , am shocked .
' among other criticisms , marganski said .
viewers learn nothing of the warsaw uprising , in which up to 200,000 .
polish civilians died , nor of the many poles who helped jews .
he said the programme gave the impression that more people ` were to blame for the destruction of jews ' than just the germans .
taduesz filipkowski , spokesman for .
the international home army association , a veterans ' organisation , also .
criticised the german production .
` we are angry with this film 's .
message , ' he told the daily telegraph .
` we believe it to be evil slander and an attempt to .
justify nazi crimes by setting them against the alleged anti-semitism .
that existed in poland before the war .
our government should not ignore .
this attack on our reputation .
' producer .
nico hofmann said the depictions of ` the polish situation ... .
are based .
on historically vetted material ' and there was no intention to defame .
the poles .
despite the criticism , ` our