noel hunt 's first-half double helped ipswich climb back into the sky bet championship automatic promotion places with a 3-1 victory over relegation-threatened millwall .
the irish striker notched twice in the first 14 minutes and , after magaye gueye 's effort at the end of the first half had halved the deficit , substitute jonathan parr wrapped up the win late on for the tractor boys - who moved up to second in the table .
millwall began brightly as new signing diego fabbrini , on loan from watford , dragged the ball wide of the left post from inside the box after his initial shot was blocked .
noel hunt 's two first half goals for ipswich put them on the road to victory in their encounter with millwall .
ian holloway 's struggling millwall side have won just once in their last eight games in all competitions .
but less than 90 seconds later stephen hunt lobbed the ball over the defence allowing noel hunt , who signed a permanent deal with the club this month , to latch onto the loose ball and finish under david forde from close range .
hunt tapped in for his second of the game eight minutes later after a dangerous cross found its way to kevin bru .
bru saw his shot parried straight into the path of the ipswich forward who gladly helped himself to his third championship goal of the season .
millwall 's new-look defence - containing debutant shaun cummings and 19-year-old academy graduate , and captain for the day , sid nelson - looked shaky as the visitors peppered the box with testing crosses .
the hosts did eventually play their way into the game but jimmy abdou screwed his shot horribly wide after gueye 's lay-off on the edge of the area .
and the struggling lions grabbed a lifeline on 42 minutes when stefan maierhofer flicked on for gueye , who saw his shot creep in off the post .
millwall 's stefan maierhofer -lrb- right -rrb- fouls ipswich defender tyrone mings in saturday 's clash at the den .
millwall began the second half with the crowd behind them as they looked to earn their first win at the den since a 1-0 triumph against cardiff on october 25 .
and they continued to threaten .
on 57 minutes gueye put in a