by .
daniel martin , whitehall correspondent .
published : .
17:41 est , 13 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
04:40 est , 14 november 2012 .
a quarter of pensioners paying for residential care will end up losing their home and almost all their savings , a report warned yesterday .
as many as 40,000 people who fund their own fees will see their assets so depleted they will have to fall back on the mercy of their local council .
many of them will face the trauma of being moved to a lower-quality home .
care firms may even pressure children to find cash so their parents can stay in the home they feel familiar in .
some self-funders will be forced to take lesser quality accommodation as a result of the pressures .
the vulnerable may also be told to move into a smaller room or share .
the findings , by the local government information unit , lay bare the scandal of elderly people who have saved all their lives losing almost everything at the very end , and leaving them little to pass on to their children .
experts warn that the ageing population , coupled with council cuts , mean the number of people losing everything will increase -- unless the coalition caps the amount individuals need to contribute to their own care .
ros altmann , of over-50s group saga , said : ` it is outrageous that we are in a position , in our advanced economy , where we ca n't say to someone that -- no matter how much you have paid , no matter how much you have saved -- we can guarantee you will be able to stay in the same place to get the care you need .
' a year in a home costs an average of # 27,000 .
self-funders typically spend four years in residential care , with 12 per cent staying there for eight years .
the elderly must fund the full cost if they have more than # 23,250 in assets -- including the value of their home .
a council will step in to help pay only when assets fall to the # 23,250 level .
at # 14,000 , it will fund the full costs .
ministers say that although they agree in principle with the idea