by .
snejana farberov .
and ryan gorman .
police in georgia have arrested an 18-year-old man who they say spent about $ 25,000 that a bank accidentally deposited into his account .
steven fields , of hull , turned himself in friday .
he faces a charge of theft by taking .
the madison county sheriff 's department says a teller at a bank in hull mistakenly deposited a check for approximately $ 31,000 into the wrong account .
behind bars : steven fields , 18 , turned himself in after failing to return $ 25,000 that a bank had accidentally deposited into his account .
big spender : police say mr fields went on a wild shopping spree , making purchases at a car dealership and various stores .
according to investigators , mr fields wasted no time going on a massive shopping spree , with stops at a car dealership , a variety of stores and a fast-food restaurant .
authorities say there was an effort to come to an agreement between fields and the bank , and that fields eventually said he could n't repay the money .
the 18-year-old , who graduated from high school last year , has an account with the athens branch of first citizens bank .
on march 7 , he received an unexpected windfall totaling $ 31,000 after a bank employee unwittingly processed the deposit into the wrong account , police told the athens banner-herald , because multiple customers have the same name .
bank employees discovered the error march 17 and immediately found the missing money 's destination .
by that time , about $ 25,000 of the deposit was already gone , police said .
fields , from nearby hull , had withdrawn $ 20,000 in cash and made $ 5,000 in purchases with his debit card , authorities said .
more money , more problems : fields received an unexpected windfall totaling $ 31,000 after a first citizens bank employee processed the deposit into the wrong account .
he was confronted by bank employees about the missing money when he arrived at the bank the following bank and attempted to withdraw more cash .
fields was asked to return the missing funds but refused , claiming that it was an inheritance from his grandmother 's estate .
the teenager eventually agreed to come to an agreement with