by .
olivia fleming .
published : .
17:07 est , 12 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:12 est , 12 july 2013 .
it 's been just over two months since the debut of the cronut , the donut-crossiant hybrid that caused an indomitable pastry craze throughout new york ; but now dominique ansel bakery is moving on .
the soho bakery unveiled its latest creation this morning , a new take on another american classic : the s 'm ore .
` the vanilla ice cream center is coated with .
a crispy chocolate wafer , ' chef and owner dominique ansel explained of the $ 7 frozen s'more .
` then the outside - a mixture between marshmallow and ice cream - is .
caramelized , with the ice cream still frozen inside ' frozen s'more : dominique ansel bakery unveiled its latest creation this morning , a new take on another american classic : the s ` more .
the torched-to-order , square-shaped dessert is a gooey hybrid of homemade marshmallow and dondurma , a .
stretchy turkish ice cream .
' i was inspired by a trip to istanbul , ' said mr ansel .
' i had the chance to try dondurma , the texture is very .
chewy but it 's still frozen .
i wanted to make something similar .
' the recipe - with its crackling surface , soft and silky marshmallow inside , and core of vanilla ice cream covered in a layer of crunchy wafer - took a week to perfect .
personal touches : the torched-to-order square-shaped dessert is a gooey hybrid of homemade marshmallow and dondurma , a stretchy turkish ice cream -lrb- pictured , chef dominique ansel -rrb- .
but rather than serving the frozen .
s'mores on a plate or in a cone , the chef wanted to come up something .
` fun ' - an applewood-smoked .
skewer made from a willow branch .
` you ca n't taste it , but you can smell it .
it reminds me of campfires when you toast marshmallows , ' mr ansel explained .
` the frozen s'mores are different , i wanted to give people a unique and special experience .
` they 're all made-to-order , you have just a few minutes to eat it on the spot .
so