falling fuel prices : oil fell 3 per cent this morning as colonel gaddafi 's regime began to crumble .
oil prices fell today as colonel gaddafi 's regime appeared to be on the verge of collapse after 41 years in power .
the price of brent crude oil in london plunged 1.63 per cent to $ 106.85 a barrel this morning .
but there is unlikely to be any respite at the pumps for beleaguered motorists because it takes weeks for the price of fuel to filter through .
the oil markets will be watching carefully with the expectation that a smooth transition of power in tripoli likely to send prices falling further .
there are hopes that an end to the conflict will see the north african country 's oil supplies restored and increase global supplies .
around 85 per cent of libyan oil output was exported to europe until the revolt disrupted the country 's production .
european refineries have struggled to make up for the production loss despite an increase from saudi arabia .
the average price of unleaded is currently 134.9 p per litre for unleaded and 139.1 p for diesel , according to petrolprices.com .
when protests against colonel gaddafi 's regime began in february , petrol was six pence cheaper at 128.9 p per litre while diesel was 134.3 p .
as the conflict escalated , oil prices shot up as the supplies in libya , the world 's 12th largest oil exporter , were heavily restricted .
last year the country 's oilfields were producing 1.65 million barrels per day but output has fallen dramatically .
andrew lipow , analyst and president .
of consultancy firm lipow oil associates , said oil markets are likely to .
respond with ' a sigh of relief that the conflict has come to the end ' .
but he warned that it will take time .
for the market to erase the hefty price increase which resulted from the .
suspension of libyan oil exports .
there are hopes that an end to the conflict will see the north african country 's oil supplies restored and increase global supplies .
the country has oil reserves of 44billion barrels - more than any other country in africa .
as news filtered through that gaddafi 's .
regime was crumbling , the price of u.s. sweet crude