by .
tom gardner .
published : .
05:00 est , 20 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:26 est , 20 september 2013 .
a rowdy party hosted by sir richard branson had to be served with a noise abatement notice after complaints from furious neighbours .
the flamboyant tycoon had organised the club tropicana-themed party - complete with steel band playing from an open air terrace - for staff at virgin 's headquarters in paddington , west london , last night .
but the din from the bash provoked anger from a number of residents in nearby little venice area of the capital .
party-lover : a noise abatement notice was serviced at a party in west london , hosted by sir richard branson , centre , pictured during a previous headline-grabbing party .
westminster council said it received eight complaints between 7pm and 10.30 pm .
officers from the council twice asked revellers at the ` virgin club tropicana .
buccaneering booze up ' to reduce the volume before finally serving them with a noise abatement notice at the battleship building in paddington .
carole .
ridley , who is retired , told the evening standard : ` other people do n't .
want to hear your choice of music blasting out in the open air .
the lady .
below me has school age children .
how are they going to manage ?
sir richard attended the fancy dress party , where staff donned pirate .
outfits , flower garlands and hawaiian shirts , for an hour or so from 8om to 9pm but was not there when the abatement notice was served .
flamboyant : a club tropicana-themed party for staff at virgin 's london hq , hosted by sir richard branson , pictured during a media event in paris , was issued with a noise abatement notice .
complaints : residents living near the battleship building , pictured , in paddington , complained about the noise coming from the virgin party hosted by sir richard branson .
a virgin spokesman confirmed that the themed office party - on the 4th and 5th floor and the terrace next to the west way - started around 6pm and had a steel band on the roof until 7.30 pm .
he .
said that as soon as the council complained , the steel band were