by .
rick dewsbury .
published : .
06:26 est , 27 july 2012 .
| .
updated : .
09:53 est , 27 july 2012 .
they might have expected a little more of a reward for their efforts .
but unlike athletes today , victorious athletes competing at the olympics 116 years were awarded a mere silver medal .
second place athletes were given bronze , while anyone who finished third came off even worse and went home empty-handed .
it is believed that gold was simply considered too precious to be handing out at sporting events .
first place : the front and back of the silver medal awarded to winners of the events at the first modern olympics games in athens in 1896 .
the details of the sporting awards emerged after original medals from the the first modern olympics staged in athens in 1896 have been put up for auction .
the medals were due to be given to the winners of rowing and yachting but the events were cancelled due to the rough sea in bay of phaleron off the greece coast .
it 's unclear which specific disciplines the medals were due to be award for , but after the cancellation they were handed to nikolaos starvidis , the doctor from the greek royal palace .
they have stayed with his family ever since and are now expected to fetch almost # 40,000 , with the silver worth the majority of that sum .
the bronze medal was given to athletes who finished second , while any one who finished third traipsed home empty-handed .
today first place gets gold , second silver and third bronze .
the medals , which have a two inch diameter , were designed by jules clement chaplain and on the front is a depiction of zeus with the globe in his right hand .
upon the globe stands the goddess of victory , nike , who is holding an olive branch in her hands .
on the back is a representation of the acropolis and the parthenon and the greek inscription reads : ` international olympic games , athens 1896 .
' the medals are to be sold at christie 's london sale in london on september 3 and are expected to attract a lot of interest .
sophie churcher , from christie 's , said :