by .
beth stebner .
published : .
10:30 est , 31 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
13:32 est , 31 october 2012 .
a massive sex operation sting has led to the arrests of 40 men , including an iraq war veteran , a teacher , and five university students .
operation spiderweb 2 , which was organized by the lee and orange county sheriffs offices , targeted central florida .
in the sting , deputies posed as minors online , soliciting the allegedly predatory men for underage sex in chat rooms .
in a video set up by police , a young woman posing as a young girl opens the door to an alleged predator .
but as he steps through the door police waiting police swoop in on him as part of an organised sting .
according to the orlando sentinel , 40 .
men were arrested in orange county .
more than 40 deputies had lured .
them into a secure location by placing online ads offering ` fun ' for the .
men .
the sting lasted one week , and led to the arrests of men like 29-year-old aremio solis , an iraq war veteran .
solis said in an interview that his tour in iraq had left him haunted by ` weird things .
' the .
stepfather of a young girl believed he was speaking with a 13-year-old .
girl who described herself as ` liberated and interested in learning .
more .
' in actuality , she was speaking with one of the orange county .
sheriff 's deputies .
the .
forty men , between ages 18-50 , were arrested at a home in lee county , .
and had traveled to the location believing that girls aged 11 to 15 .
awaited them .
a man can be seen following the woman into the flat , believing her to be a young girl he has spoken to over the internet .
but seconds later he finds himself in handcuffs surrounded by the police .
several educators were among those .
arrested by authorities , including isaiah jones , who worked as a .
physical education teacher at lehigh senior high school .
in addition , north nicholas high school teacher chris cheplevich was arrested , according to fox4now.com .
another man arrested worked as a pool