prosecutors made a ` comical series of errors ' in a bid to extradite a mafia fugitive found hiding in a west london suburb , a court heard today .
domenico rancadore , known as the professor , is battling italian authorities as they try to extradite him to italy to serve a seven-year sentence for his association with the mafia .
he spent two decades living under the name of marc skinner with his family in uxbridge , west london , before he was first arrested in august last year .
domenico rancadore arrives at westminster magistrates ' court today where he is fighting extradition to italy for his mafia associations .
he spent two decades living under the name of marc skinner in west london .
he has previously been described as ` one of the heads of one of the most powerful mafia associations in italy ' and had evaded italian authorities for 20 years , who accused him of fleeing italy , where he faced trial over his alleged cosa nostra ` man of honour ' connections .
a first extradition hearing in march failed when senior district judge howard riddle changed his original decision to extradite him , over concerns that italian prison conditions would breach his human rights because he has a serious heart condition .
but a new arrest warrant issued in april by italian authorities addressed those issues , prosecutors said at the time .
rancadore 's lawyers said that bringing the same case against him twice was an abuse of process .
representing rancadore , alun jones qc also described his client 's second arrest , which took place at 9pm on a friday night , as ` utterly , utterly unnecessary ' .
john hardy qc , representing the italian authorities , told the court that the cps had made a ` comical series of blunders ' in relation to the sicilian 's extradition but argued that they do not amount to an abuse of process and should not stop the extradition going ahead .
the mistakes included serving legal papers late to rancadore 's lawyers ahead of an appeal at the high court and failing to inform counsel that a new assurance had been given by the italian authorities regarding the prison he would be sent to if extradited .
` it is unfortunate that due to human error