a 3-year-old boy is dead after his parents mistakenly left him in a hot car in florida over the weekend .
dding to the tragedy , the parents were attending a funeral for another family member when the little boy was accidentally left in the car .
according to the manatee county sheriff 's office , kyrese anderson was pronounced dead after spending about three hours in the back of a hot car as his parents attended the funeral - and his two siblings were just feet away in the care of a babysitter .
tragedy : this is the florida home where kyrese anderson , 3 , died after his parents accidentally left him in a hot car for four hours while they went to the funeral of another family member .
the confusion , the sheriff 's office says , started when the baby 's parents , robert anderson , 29 , and amanda jo anderson , 30 , took two cars to drop their children off with a babysitter about 1 p.m. .
the two older children - ages 4 and 5 - were in one of the vehicles , as kyrese was in the other .
the andersons dropped the two older kids off with the babysitter but forgot about kyrese .
they then took one car to the funeral and left the other - the one containing the boy - in front of the babysitter 's house , as the hot , mid-day sun beat down upon it .
heat related vehicle deaths amongst children are relatively rare and tend to happen in places with warmer climates like the southwest and florida .
` they get back from the funeral several hours later , ' dave bristow with .
the manatee county sheriff 's office told wtsp.com , ` and they ask where the .
3-year-old was , and the babysitter said , `` i thought he was with you ?
' '' the couple rushed to the car and found the baby unresponsive inside at about 4 p.m. and called 9-1-1 .
kyrese was pronounced dead at a local hospital .
heat related vehicle deaths amongst children are relatively rare and tends to happen , as one would imagine , more frequently in places with warmer climates , like the southwest and florida .
according to the website kidsandcars.org , 33 children were killed