by .
rob waugh .
published : .
04:56 est , 13 april 2012 .
| .
updated : .
04:56 est , 13 april 2012 .
human stem cells can be genetically engineered into ` warrior ' cells that fight hiv - and the new cells can attack hiv-infected cells inside a living creature .
the breakthrough , by ucla scientists , is hoped to be the first step towards a treatment that can eradicate hiv from an infected patient .
much hiv research focuses on vaccines or drugs that slow the virus 's progress - but this new technique could offer hope of a ` cure ' .
hiv virus : the ucla researchers found that genetically engineered stem cells can attack infected cells within human tissue .
budding of hiv virus from cell tissue : the new trial tested genetically engineered ` fighter ' cells in ` humanised ' mice - mice with human tissue .
the study , published april 12 in the .
journal plos pathogens , demonstrates for the first time that engineering .
stem cells to form immune cells that target hiv is effective in .
suppressing the virus in living tissues .
` we believe that this study lays the groundwork for the potential use of this type of an approach in combating hiv infection in infected individuals , in hopes of eradicating the virus from the body , ' said lead researcher scott g kitchen .
the scientists took cd8 cytotoxic t lymphocytes -- the ` killer ' t cells that help fight infection -- from an hiv-infected individual and identified the molecule which guides the t cell in recognizing and killing hiv-infected cells .
however , these t cells , while able to destroy hiv-infected cells , do not exist in great enough quantities to clear the virus from the body .
so the researchers cloned the receptor and used this to genetically engineer human blood stem cells .
they then placed the engineered stem cells into human thymus tissue that had been implanted in mice , allowing them to study the reaction in a living organism .
current medical treatments use antiretroviral drugs to slow hiv 's progress .
daily ration of a person sick from hiv .
the engineered stem cells developed into a large population of mature , multi-functional hiv-specific cells that could specifically target cells containing