by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor and james chapman .
published : .
10:32 est , 5 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:34 est , 6 november 2013 .
police officers accused of stitching up former cabinet minister andrew mitchell in the plebgate row yesterday refused to offer him an unreserved apology .
the two police federation officers had been dragged to the house of commons to appear for the second time in front of the home affairs select committee .
but committee chairman keith vaz said he was disappointed that detective sergeant stuart hinton and sergeant chris jones were not ` unequivocal ' in saying sorry to mr mitchell .
recall : sergeant chris jones was accused of lying about his disciplinary record detective sergeant stuart hinton was called to parliament to apologise for denying calling home secretary theresa may ` that woman ' the officers were warned that they could face proceedings for contempt of parliament if they did not correct evidence given during their previous appearance last month , which mps claimed had been shown to be false .
the two officers , along with inspector ken mackaill , have been accused of attempting to discredit mr mitchell after meeting him in october last year .
they claimed the mp had failed to give a proper account of the ` plebgate ' incident , but a secret recording made by mr mitchell showed he had offered an explanation .
warning : committee chairman keith vaz warned the officers that they risked being in contempt of parliament if they failed to give straight answers .
the recording also revealed that det sgt stuart hinton , of warwickshire police , had referred to home secretary theresa may disparagingly as ` that woman ' .
mr hinton apologised for originally telling the committee that he had made no such reference , saying it was an ` inadvertent error ' and that he had not remembered using the phrase .
but the officers refused to show contrition over statements they made following their meeting with mr mitchell , which contributed to his forced resignation .
forced to quit : andrew mitchell arriving at downing street on his bike .
no apology : chris jones , ken mackaill and stuart hinton repeatedly refused to apologise to andrew mitchell despite admitting misleading the public about a meeting with