by .
katy winter .
published : .
09:01 est , 14 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
12:09 est , 14 march 2014 .
a brave bridegroom who danced for the first time on his wedding night despite losing both his legs has won a starring part on strictly come dancing .
nathan stephens , 25 , amazed show organisers with his youtube dance on his wedding night after losing both legs in a train accident when he was just nine .
and now they have given him a starring role with professional iveta lukosiute in a strictly special to be shown on the bbc for sport relief .
paralympian nathan stephens , 25 who learned to dance for his wedding to charlene beard has won a starring role in sports relief 's ` strictly come dancing ' nathan stunned his wedding guests last year by dancing for the first time , with his new bride , charlene beard .
nathan said : ' i was nervous saying yes to strictly because just three minutes dancing at the wedding left me in excruciating pain .
` but it is all for such a good cause .
` we never even asked anyone to film our wedding video and now the world has seen it and i 'm dancing on tv !
' nathan made headlines last year after promising bride charlene beard , 26 , they would have the traditional first dance together at their wedding reception .
paralympic athlete nathan and his bride charlene secretly practised their dance routine for eight months in their living room .
the paralympian javelin thrower was shocked when his wedding video went viral and made headlines around the world .
nathan and charlene secretly practised their dance routine in secret for eight months in their living room .
only charlene was in on the surprise when nathan wheeled himself out of the reception - and went to a cupboard where a pair of prosthetic legs had been hidden away from guests .
moments later there were gaps of astonishment then cheers and applause as nathan and charlene took to the floor .
and there was n't a dry eye in the house as the pair did n't put a foot wrong during their three-minute routine - described as good enough for strictly come dancing .
now the javelin thrower will