by .
michael zennie .
published : .
20:00 est , 14 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
02:11 est , 15 november 2012 .
the son of a connecticut police chief has been indicted by a federal grand jury after he was seen on video throwing a handcuffed inmate into a jail cell and cracking his head on a metal bench , which knocked him unconscious .
the may 2010 battery is just one of three police brutality complaints against meriden police officer evan cossett , who allegedly avoided discipline because his father jeffrey cossett leads the department .
surveillance video inside the cell shows evan cossett shoving pedro temich backwards as his hands are cuffed behind his back .
when he falls , temich hits his head and is clearly out cold .
scroll down for video .
` brutality ' : officer evan cossette is seen with pedro temich after the handcuffed prisoner was knocked unconscious when he hit his head .
injured : temich bashed his head against a bench in the cell and required several stitches after he was found unconscious by an emergency dispatcher .
cossett is accused of lying in his police report .
cossett does n't go for medical help , and instead re-enters the cell several times to move the unconscious prisoner around , first propping him up and then removing his handcuffs .
a pool of blood is visible on the floor of the cell .
authorities say cossett then lied about the incident in his police report , claiming that temich had resisted him and tried to fight , according to the meriden record journal .
an internal affairs supervisor initially recommended that cossetted be disciplined with a temporary suspension .
however , deputy chief timothy topulos intervened in the case and instead issued a letter of reprimand and ordered him to go to training -- a much less severe punishment .
record of complaints : in january cossett and another officer were recorded beating a man outside a hospital .
the alleged assault in 2010 was n't cossett 's last .
in january , he and another meriden police officer beat a 30-year-old man who was drunk and walking away from a hospital where he had just been committed .
surveillance video captured cossett punching joey bryans several times as he was held on the ground