by .
martin robinson .
astrazeneca has today rejected a ` final ' # 69.3 billion takeover bid from us pharmaceutical giant pfizer , sending its own share price plummeting .
the american business last night offered the board of the british company # 55-a-share but said this would be their best and last offer .
but astrazeneca has quickly turned it down , which could now kill the deal unless they are offered closer to # 60-a-share , sources have said .
the decision sent its shares down 13 per cent when the london stock exchange opened this morning - a drop of # 6 to # 42 each .
its market value is now # 52billion , # 17billion less than the value pfizer had put on the company .
takeover : pfizer has improved its bid for british rival astrazeneca to # 55 a share but it was turned down this morning .
astrazeneca said today the proposed deal would bring ` uncertainty and risk ' for its shareholders and ` undervalues the company and its attractive prospects ' .
chairman leif johansson said : ` pfizer 's approach throughout its pursuit of astrazeneca appears to have been fundamentally driven by the corporate financial benefits to its shareholders of cost savings and tax minimisation .
' he said that from the time of initial talks in january , the us company had ` failed to make a compelling strategic , business or value case ' .
pfizer .
said it would only proceed with the takeover if it received the support .
of the astrazeneca board who have so far been hostile to the bid .
astrazenica previously rejected an offer worth # 50-a-share claiming it undervalued the company .
pfizer has said if the deal is successful , it will create the world 's largest pharmaceutical company with a headquarters in new york but based for tax reasons in britain .
astrazeneca has laid out details of its pipeline of new drugs and argues there is no inevitability about a pfizer deal , although its management also acknowledges the board would have to consider a compelling bid .
there has been a mounting political backlash against the proposed deal in britain , the united states and sweden , where astrazeneca has half its roots .
grim : this share graph shows how astrazeneca 's share price