by .
james rush .
a father has been charged for the murder of his two-year-old son after he admitted suffocating the child so he could leave the house and go back to playing online games at an internet cafe .
police arrested the unemployed 22-year-old , in the city of taegu , south korea , on sunday after finding the body of his child in a suitcase wrapped in a trash bag near his home .
the man , identified only by his surname chung , had earlier reported the boy missing .
scroll down for video .
an unemployed father has been charged with the murder of his two-year-old son .
south korean television aired closed circuit tv footage of chung that showed him getting into an elevator with a suitcase and checking his hair in the mirror , apparently on his way to dispose of his son 's body .
officers initially believed he had left his son to starve to death by abandoning him for 10 days while playing games .
but chung later confessed to ` covering the child 's nose and mouth with his hand , ' more than a month ago , killing him so that he could go to an internet cafe , a police officer said .
the whereabouts of the infant 's mother was not clear , although local news reports said she had been away from the house for some time working in a factory .
south korean television aired closed circuit tv footage of chung that showed him getting into an elevator with a suitcase and checking his hair in the mirror , apparently on his way to dispose of his son 's body .
the man , identified only by his surname chung , has reportedly admitted suffocating the child so he could leave the house and go back to playing online games at an internet cafe .
online game addiction is seen as a .
serious social issue in south korea which has near-universal .
availability of high-speed internet .
the government has tried to limit minors from going online to play late in the evening by cutting their connections .
in 2012 a woman in south korea was arrested after giving birth in the toilet of an internet cafe and abandoning the newborn , the times has reported .
the woman had reportedly been playing