by .
alex ward .
published : .
07:45 est , 28 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:58 est , 28 october 2013 .
a suv complete with rooftop drone and a surface-to-air missile launcher are just two of the cutting edge weaponry on display at a south korean arms fair this week .
military and defence contractors from 30 countries descended on the country 's capital city to show off the latest technology at the seoul international aerospace and defence exhibition -lrb- adex -rrb- .
big names such as boeing , rolls-royce and lockheed martin were among the exhibitors as south korea made plans to upgrade their guidance-enhanced missiles and buy 60 fighter jets and major aircraft to bolster their defences against neighbouring north korea .
drive by drone : a suv complete with a drone was on display at the seoul international aerospace and defence exhibition in south korea .
during the six day exhibition 68 military officials and chief executives from 45 countries are expected to visit the show to strengthen their defence industries , according to yonhap news .
a team of german pilots will discuss how a two engine , multi-role fighter operates while boeing will show off their 737 max advanced technology winglet .
attack helicopters and aerial tankers will also be on display .
bolstering defense : a man tries out the ` chiron , ' a portable surface-to-air missile , at the exhibition as south korea made plans to strengthen their defences against north korea .
first time show : india participated in the exhibition for the first time , showing off weapon systems and equipment , including this mobile launcher system , as more than 30 countries displayed their latest technolgies .
for the first time india will be a participating exhibitor , displaying weapon systems , equipment and platforms developed in the country at the korea international exhibition center -lrb- kintex -rrb- in ilsan , just north of seoul .
south korea remains on alert after north korea continues to fuel rhetoric that it is ready to launch operations against the country and the u.s. .
earlier this month a spokesman for the north 's military warned the united states of ` disastrous consequences ' for moving a group of ships , including an aircraft carrier , into a south korean port .
on show : during