the wu-tang-affiliated rapper who chopped off his own penis has revealed that he wants to star in a porn movie to prove that his manhood remains fully functional .
andre johnson - who goes by the stage .
name christ bearer in the group northstar - was reportedly high on drugs .
when the bizarre april incident occurred .
bearer spoke to tmz outside a long beach barber shop on monday and was happy to tell them that his genitals had recovered from the self-inflicted incident .
scroll down for video .
andre johnson , who goes by the stage name christ bearer in the group northstar , has revealed that he wants to star in a porn movie to prove that his manhood remains fully functional .
` does it work ?!? can chris brown dance ?
can kanye west rant ?
can jay z fight off a trick ?
' said bearer when asked about his injuries .
bearer also admitted that he was high on pcp when the incident happened , before he made a plea to the adult entertainment company vivid to feature him on one of its x-rated movies .
founder and co-chairman of vivid entertainment , steve hirsch , has reportedly told tmz that he is definitely interested in featuring bearer but wants to check out his injuries before making an offer .
newly-released audio from the 911 call has revealed the witnesses ' shock and disbelief after the rapper 's self-castration and leap from a second-floor balcony of a north hollywood apartment .
` we have a friend over here and ... we do n't know if he 's alive or not -lsb- after jumping from -rsb- the second floor ... i do n't believe this s ** t , ' said the unidentified person .
the caller claimed he and a couple friends were on the balcony when johnson jumped from the balcony .
high on drugs : seen here performing as christ bearer in the group northstar , johnson was reportedly high on angel dust at the time he jumped .
it was later reported the 40-year-old rapper was high on the drug pcp , also known as angel dust .
the psychedelic is known for causing people to jump from ledges because they think they can fly .
loud screaming can be heard in the background .
the person on