by .
martin robinson .
published : .
03:21 est , 11 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:41 est , 11 june 2013 .
on high streets where many shops still lie empty as they recover from the worst recession in britain since the 1930s , one type of business has continued to thrive in the economic gloom .
bookmakers have swamped the uk 's shopping parades -- with numbers up 25 per cent since 2008 - and in one london borough , newham , there are currently 82 - six per square mile .
around almost every corner in this generally deprived part of east london are shops where people can stake # 100 a spin on casino-style gambling machines , which are as addictive as crack cocaine .
yesterday newham council was in court to defend its decision to block plans for a new paddy power shop , and if they win it could lead to hundreds of betting shop licences nationwide being turned down or revoked .
concentrated : this graphic shows the main areas which have been saturated by betting shops in newham , east london , which has 82 bookmakers .
the local council say these bookmakers , often open for 14 hours a day , fuel violent crime , street drinking and underage gambling .
a source from within the council said : ` we mapped out where crimes and disorder take place and compared that with where the betting shops are -- and it lit up like a christmas tree ' .
earlier this year they rejected an application for the new betting shop on the grounds that it would make more money from gaming machines than from traditional betting on horses and sports results , saying this meant it fell foul of the 2005 gambling act .
councillor ian corbett , chairman .
of the licensing sub-committee , said : ` we are the first council to .
invoke the primacy clause to reject a licence application , as we are .
unconvinced that at least half of the gambling on premises would have .
been traditional betting .
` we are increasingly concerned about the number of gaming machines in newham and their impact on our high streets .
` not .
only that , we are concerned at the high proportion of incidents of .
crime and