the northeast is forecast to experience stormy weather wednesday to friday this week , with the arrival of a nor'easter .
new england may see powerful winds , rainfall , as well as flooding along the coast due to the storm , the weather channel reported .
several new england states have flood watches , including massachusetts , new hampshire , and maine , according to the channel .
get ready !
rain and wind are forecast to hit multiple states during the nor'easter .
slowing down : the nor'easter is not expected to be as strong in new york and boston on thursday morning .
look out : several new england states have flood watches , including masschusetts , new hampshire , and maine .
on the waterfront : a waterspout was seen in new jersey tuesday afternoon .
by wednesday at 9pm , new york city may see winds between 15 and 20 miles per hour , and boston may see winds between 25 and 30 miles per hour , the channel reported .
however , even more powerful winds may be on the way .
` the strongest northeast winds will likely be found from northeast massachusetts to down east maine with sustained winds of 25 to 40 mph and gusts up to 50 mph , ' the weather channel reported .
it also said that ` the heaviest rain should occur in eastern massachusetts , new hampshire and maine with widespread totals of one to three inches , with up to five inches in some spots .
' new jersey saw rain and some flooding on tuesday .
northern neighbor : canada is also expected to experience flooding from the nor'easter .
soaking wet : new hampshire and maine residents may see as many as five inches of rain .
in new york city , thunderstorms and potential flooding are forecast for wednesday , with ` rain tapering off ' on thursday , accuweather reported .
leaves stuck in storm drains and streams , as well as those left on the road , may also be risks for the nor'easter , the website said .
canada is also expected to be affected by the nor'easter .
a waterspout was seen tuesday afternoon near new jersey 's seaside heights , the asbury park press reported .
` it was fairly brief , ' national weather service meteorologist