four people , including a policewoman , have been arrested over links to the attacks that terrorised paris earlier this year , french police and security officials have said .
the two officials said one man who was detained had ties to amedy coulibaly , the gunman who killed a policewoman on january 8 and then four more people at a kosher supermarket on january 9 before being killed by security forces .
they added that the detained man 's ex-girlfriend , a policewoman who was suspended after peeking into his criminal file , was also in custody .
scroll down for video .
the two officials said one man who was detained had ties to amedy coulibaly -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
coulibaly was responsible for the siege at the kosher deli -lrb- pictured -rrb- on january 9 where he killed four people .
the siege ended when coulibaly was shot dead by police as they raided the premises .
the officials , who spoke on condition of anonymity because the investigation was ongoing , had no details about the two others .
it has been claimed the policewoman worked at fort de rosny-sous-bois , in north east paris , which is the location of a police intelligence centre .
le figaro reported that she was suspended from her duties in early february .
coulibaly shot dead an unarmed policewoman on january 8 , before taking hostages at a jewish supermarket in paris the following day .
that siege ended after he killed a further four people , before police stormed the building and killed him in a blaze of bullets .
during the siege , coulibaly had told french media that he had ` synchronized ' the attacks with the charlie hebdo killers , but failed to provide any further details .
detectives also allegedly discovered that coulibaly filmed his attack on his assault on the kosher supermarket with a high-tech gopro camera attached to his chest .
it is understood the footage was then sent via internet from the hostage scene , but it has not been posted since .
no-one besides three dead gunmen have been linked directly to the january 7 - 9 attacks at the satirical newspaper charlie hebdo and the market , which left 20 people dead , including the gunmen .
last month islamic state published what it described as an interview with