aretha franklin and new york mayor bill de blasio were among the guests at a star-studded dinner to celebrate reverend al sharpton 's 60th birthday last night .
friends of rev shaprton ate oysters as spike lee read poetry and ms franklin paid a short tribute to the civil rights leader at the glitzy ceremony at the four seasons hotel .
the trusted white house adviser was also handed a birthday note from president barack obama and first lady michelle at the celebration , which was attended by an array of figures from the entertainment , political and business worlds .
birthday boy : reverend al sharpton celebrated his 60th birthday in style with a star-studded dinner .
the civil rights leader served up cake for his guests , who included aretha franklin , spike lee and new york mayor bill de blasio .
a black silhouette of rev sharpton in his younger days - including the famous gold medallion - marked the marble entrance , the wall street journal reported .
celebrities dropped by at the candle-lit restaurant throughout the night to wish rev sharpton a happy birthday , which was decorated with hundreds of silver balloons .
mr de blasio said the venue was ' a site for a birthday fit for a king ' .
` he merits such a grand location .
al sharpton has been a blessing for this city .
the more people criticize him , the more i want to hang out with him .
' at this point rev sharpton cut off mr de blasio , as ms franklin had entered the room .
he said : ' i do n't usually interrupt the mayor , but the queen is in the room .
' the soul singer later said that rev sharpton was ' a man among men ' .
the celebration was attended by an array of figures from the entertainment , political and business worlds .
rev sharpton interrupted mr de blasio -lrb- left -rrb- because ` the queen ' , aretha franklin -lrb- right -rrb- , had entered the room .
other people attending the celebrations were the mothers of men killed by alleged police brutality or gun crime .
sybrina fulton , the mother of trayvon martin , a 17-year-old who was shot dead in 2012 by a police officer in florida , was at the party