by .
steve nolan .
published : .
01:16 est , 25 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:03 est , 25 january 2013 .
death trap : a worrying number of drivers are foregoing a trip to the garage to get their car serviced to save money , according to a new survey -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
lives are being put at risk by skipping annual services and carrying out diy car repairs , a study has found .
drivers are willing to put themselves in danger rather than pay expensive bills for repairs , the post office revealed , with nearly half of motorists in their 20s skipping routine checks .
worryingly , one in seven drivers admits they let their tyres wear down to dangerous levels while one in 10 can not be bothered to fix faulty windscreen wipers .
the study found that people were taking to carrying out repairs themselves to cut the high cost of taking their car to the garage and 12 per cent of people used general car parts rather than those produced by their vehicle 's manufacturer .
paul havenhand , head of travel and insurance at the post office , said : ` ignoring a small problem which could .
be easily repaired will not make it disappear , and could result in the .
cost escalating with time .
` failing to maintain your car could lead to it being deemed unroadworthy .
` even more importantly , it could make the car dangerous on the roads and put both the driver and others at risk .
' according to the study men are three times more likely to have a go at fixing the problem themselves whereas women are more likely to ask a friend or relative .
the problem is worst in the north west of the uk with nearly a third of motorists putting off services despite advice that cars should be checked once a year or after a certain number of miles .
a further 12 per cent will simply ignore a squeak or rattle because they are worried about the repair costs .
phone a friend : women are more likely to ask for help if they are facing car trouble , while some men are grabbing the tool box and having a go at fixing it themselves -lrb- file picture