by .
damien gayle .
published : .
05:26 est , 12 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
05:26 est , 12 november 2012 .
an influential blogger has launched a new service that posts satellite images of areas hit by u.s. drone strikes as an instagram feed .
dronestagram posts images drone strike locations from google maps satellite view to the popular photo-sharing service along with short summaries of what 's there .
the online service is the brainchild of london-based writer james bridle , who has earned world-wide reknown for his new aesthetic blog which aims to describe how now-ubiquitous computer networks change how we perceive the world .
dronestagram : the service posts images of the locations of drone strikes from google maps satellite view to instagram along with short summaries of what 's there .
he said dronestagram is his way of ` making these locations just a little bit more visible , a little closer .
a little more real .
on his booktwo.org blog , mr bridle added : ` drones are just the latest in a long line of military technologies augmenting the process of death-dealing , but they are among the most efficient , the most distancing , the most invisible .
` these qualities allow them to do what they do unseen , and create the context for secret , unaccountable , endless wars .
` whether you think these killings are immoral or not , most of them are by any international standard illegal .
' with the uk and u.s. militaries unforthcoming about the activities of their drone fleets , mr bridle 's instagram feed - which is syndicated to tumblr and twitter - reports records of strikes drawn mainly from the bureau of investigative journalism .
the bij compiles reports from pakistan , yemen and somalia and , as well as providing the satellite image , dronestagram augments these with a variety of sources to offer more background on the targets hit .
death from above : a u.s. predator drone .
the u.s. claims that 98 to 99 per cent of its targets are legitimate ; critics claim the reverse is true with civilians making up the bulk of drone strike victims .
the service is similar to the mooted .
iphone app drones plus , which would have alerted users whenever a person .