captain calamity : francesco schettino pictured leaving court in grosseto , italy , last september .
he recently gave a talk to students on ` panic control ' costa concordia captain francesco schettino has sparked outrage by giving a lecture on ` panic control ' while standing trial for wrecking the luxury liner he was commanding killing 32 people .
schettino , 52 , dubbed ` captain calamity ' after he steered the costa concordia on to rocks , gave a two hour talk to students as part of their criminal science masters course .
he is facing charges of abandoning ship , causing a disaster and multiple manslaughter - with prosecutors claiming his poor handling of the disaster added to the tragedy .
it is claimed that schettino had been invited to speak by professor vincenzo mastronardi , who teaches at the la sapienza university 's faculty of medicine in rome , italy .
prof mastronardi denies inviting schettino , claiming he simply turned up ` by surprise ' ten minutes before the lecture was due to start .
schettino took to the microphone at an off campus event after a 3d reconstruction of the sinking of the concordia off the island of giglio in 2012 was shown to the students by engineer ivan paduano .
schettino then told the audience at the aviator club in rome that what had happened to him was ` only an accident ' - failing to mention how he had told investigators he had ` tripped and stumbled into a lifeboat ' the night of the disaster .
prosecutors say he failed to notify authorities quickly enough of the seriousness of what had happened to the concordia and that he had abandoned the ship when there were more than 300 passengers and crew still on board .
witness have told his trial that in the minutes after the liner struck rock a ` panic stricken schettino ran his fingers through his hair shouting madonna what have i done ' - only adding to questions over the suitability of him giving the lecture .
he spoke of his experiences as a cruise ship captain adding that he had been asked to give the talk as he was ` an expert ' .
schettino said : ' i had to illustrate how best to control panic management - or better still how a human being