by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
22:51 est , 17 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:14 est , 18 august 2013 .
hannah anderson has braved the cameras once again , thanking her supporters for rallying around her and her father as she copes with the murders of her mother and little brother and her kidnapping by a close family friend .
hannah , 16 , appeared noticeably nervous around the camera as she made an appearance saturday at a car wash organized in her hometown of lakeside , california , by her high school friends to raise money to help her cope with her ordeal .
her father revealed that ` ever moment ' is a struggle for the girl , who was rescued just last week from 40-year-old james dimaggio , who kidnapped her and took her 1,000 miles from her home to the idaho wilderness .
scroll down for video .
` thank you ' : hannah anderson , 16 , made her second public appearance since she was freed to attend a car wash being held to raise money for her .
she said she wanted to thank everyone was who helping her .
hannah 's watchful father brett stands by his daughter as she mingles with her high school friends , who are raising money to help support her .
her appearance was brief and it was clear that she was n't entirely comfortable being followed by the camera from knsd-tv .
however , she did offer thanks to her supporters when asked .
when asked by knsd-tv if she had any words for her friends and supporters in the community she responded : ` just , thank you .
' her father told the tv station that his daughter is still learning to cope with the trauma she endured .
` right now , she just wanted to come out and thank these people personally , ' brett anderson said .
` it 's very difficult .
every moment is difficult for her .
' police said they consider hannah ' a victim of every sense of the word ' after she was rescued last week from an encampment in the remote river of no return wilderness in idaho after fbi agents shot dead her captor - 40-year-old james dimaggio .
dimaggio was a trusted family friend ,