a 25-year-old man left brain damaged as a baby after a blunder by doctors has today won his 23-year battle for # 7.3 million compensation .
the young man , who can not be identified for legal reasons , now relies on 24-hour care .
he was born at the luton and dunstable hospital in september 1989 , but was readmitted three months later , suffering a serious brain haemorrhage .
maternity staff at the hospital failed to administer a vitamin k injection shortly after the man was born .
a 25-year-old man was left brain damaged as a baby after doctors at the luton and dunstable hospital failed to administer a vitamin k injection to help the blood clot and prevent internal bleeding .
he now requires 24-hour care and will do for the rest of his life .
-lrb- file picture -rrb- .
the booster is given to newborn babies to reduce their risk of blood clots .
the secretary of state for health admitted liability , accepting the failure to give the man vitamin k breached their duty of care .
at london 's high court today , judge michael yelton approved the # 7.3 million settlement , to be paid by the nhs litigation authority .
it awards the man a lump sum of # 2,345,000 , as well as annual payments of # 181,000 , rising to # 192,000 - making a total of # 7,385,000 .
vitamin k helps the blood to clot , and as a result can prevent excessive internal bleeding .
in the uk new parents are asked if they would like their newborn to recieve the supplement .
babies are born with low levels of the vitamin , but the amount is normally enough to prevent problems .
some babies are at greater risk , and are more likely to suffer haemorrhagic disease of the newborn , also known as vitamin k deficiency bleeding .
because it can be difficult to ascertain which babies are at heightened risk , the department of health recommends all babies receive the supplement soon after birth .
though rare , hdn is a very serious disease .
half of all babies with hdn suffer a haemorrhage into their brain , often resulting in brain damage .
babies at higher risk of hdn include : .
source : nct .
judge yelton said the man