by .
associated press .
a pennsylvania police officer who made headlines when he won a $ 1 million powerball drawing last month has been suspended because of the alleged actions of his wife .
rankin officer matthew brown is named in a criminal complaint charging his wife with working as a scheduler for a prostitution business .
their defense attorney david shrager insist officer brown and his wife , jennifer , have done nothing wrong .
charged : the police officer michael brown who bought a $ 1 million powerball ticket is named in a police complaint against his wife , jennifer brown , who faces charges , including promoting prostitution .
sordid site : jennifer brown allegedly was involved with 69 entertainment and ran the daily operations as one of the schedulers of the agency .
her police officer husband was a driver and worked as security .
shrager says the business in question provides ` bachelor party services ' , not prostitution .
` they 're denying these charges .
certainly , i have not seen any evidence that would allow me to believe that there is enough for him to be charged , ' said mr shrager .
the officer , who has not been charged , is nonetheless named as being a driver and working security for the business .
jennifer brown is charged with conspiracy to promote prostitution -- a felony -- and other counts , through an internet site called sixtynineentertainment.com .
among ads for lap dances and strip teases , court documents say the adult entertainment agency posted internet ads on pittsburgh backpage escort , a site where prostitutes solicit customers .
the complaint said the website is ` known by law enforcement as a site where known female , male and transsexual prostitutes post ads soliciting for customer/johns .
' suspended : officer brown applied last year for a job as a part-time police officer in rankin and joined the department in november .
jennifer brown 's attorney , david shrager , said his client has pleaded not guilty , and that the case lacks evidence and they 're waiting for their day in court .
investigators said employees told them jennifer brown served as the scheduler who ran daily operations with matthew brown working as a driver .
police chief ryan wooten says he 's taken brown off the schedule