england face the ` most dominant team in the history of the world ' at twickenham on saturday , adamant they wo n't fall into the familiar trap of being beaten by their opponents ' imperious status .
the all blacks have largely lived up to their own hype by sweeping aside all-comers for the last three years .
since the start of the previous world cup campaign , which ended in tense triumph for new zealand , the kiwis have played 46 tests , winning 42 and drawing two .
just two defeats represents a considerable dominance .
form guide scroll down for a complete form guide on england vs new zealand .
england face the ` most dominant team in the history of the world ' at twickenham on saturday afternoon .
england 's squad were put through their paces at twickenham with a sprinting drill on friday afternoon .
the squad do their stretches as they continue their build-up to face the fierce test of new zealand on saturday .
yet , one of those losses occurred in the same corner of south-west london where they will put their reputation on the line again on saturday .
england smashed the all blacks at home in 2012 and since then they have taken heart from some notable near-misses -- one here last november , followed by two in june , in the hostile surroundings of auckland and dunedin .
so , despite a hiding in their last meeting in hamilton , stuart lancaster 's team will hurl themselves into the fray on saturday armed with the conviction they can hammer another dent in the all blacks ' reputation for invincibility .
they have seen doubt in kiwi eyes .
they have seen flaws in the awesome machine .
the time has come to capitalise .
there is always the issue of aura when new zealand are in town but england coach andy farrell played it down on friday .
asked if there was any danger of the hosts being beaten before they even start this qbe series opener , he said : ` probably for some teams but this team believe they can go out and perform against a world-class side .
england smashed the all blacks at home in 2012 , winning 38-21 , as chris ashton -lrb- pictued -rrb- celebrates .
england have taken heart from