jose mourinho has responded to a six-year-old aston villa fan 's written request to manage his struggling side .
young villa fan jude branson took pen to paper to make the plea last week , before paul lambert was sacked following tuesday 's 2-0 defeat by hull city , and the chelsea manager has now replied by sending him an autograph .
sadly for the youngster -lrb- and aston villa fans in general -rrb- , the special one 's signature was written on a photograph of himself and not a contract to become the next manager at villa park .
six-year-old aston villa fan jude branson shows off his letter request to jose mourinho .
defeat by hull has left aston villa in the relegation zone without a win in 10 premier league games .
chelsea boss jose mourinho had the good grace to send the youngster an autographed picture .
diego costa , scoring here against villa in september , is also on the young fan 's wanted list .
who will replace paul lambert as aston villa manager ?
in his message , jude wrote : ` dear mr mourinho , my name is jude .
i am 6 years old and i support aston villa .
you are my favourite manager .
please could you manage villa and bring costa with you ?
we need help .
thank you jude branson .
' ` jude had a nice surprise today when he came back home from school to find that jose had sent him a signed picture addressed to himself , ' his father phil told the birmingham mail .
` the only thing he wanted from his letter was mourinho to take over at villa .
` he he did n't get that !
so the next best thing for him is definitely this acknowledgement from the man himself .
paul lambert 's reign as aston villa manager finally came to an end following a 2-0 defeat by hull city .
aston villa fans call for lambert 's head during the game against hull at the kc stadium .
tim sherwood is the front-runner to replace lambert and was also favourite for the qpr job .
` it 'll be framed and put on his bedroom wall .
it 's good to know that his letter was read and maybe even planted the seed in his