by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
09:20 est , 24 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
12:16 est , 25 october 2012 .
scotland yard is preparing to examine claims a powerful paedophile network may have had links to downing street and a former prime minister .
labour mp tom watson shocked the commons yesterday by alleging there was ` clear intelligence ' linking a former number 10 aide with a notorious group of sex offenders .
he has compiled a dossier allegations for the metropolitan police , which is currently dealing with hundreds of allegations of abuse against jimmy savile .
call for probe : labour mp tom watson shocked the commons by alleging there was ` clear intelligence ' linking a former number 10 aide with a notorious group of sex offenders .
scotland yard today said the number of the broadcaster 's victims was ` fast approaching ' 300 , with 400 .
separate lines of inquiry .
meanwhile 160 .
people alone have complained of abuse to the nspcc since the scale of .
savile 's paedophilia was revealed .
but the scandal was widened yesterday when mr watson suggested a number 10 insider was named in files connected to the conviction of a child porn smuggler in the early 1990s .
writing on his blog mr watson said : ' i have no doubt the met will take this seriously .
' he said he has written to met commissioner bernard hogan-howe with more details of the case , which he said would ` obviously remain confidential ' .
mr watson said there was a trail between the evidence used to convict a child abuser called peter righton in 1992 , and no 10 .
he told the commons : ` the evidence used to convict paedophile peter righton , if it still exists , contains clear intelligence of a widespread paedophile ring .
` one of its members boasts of his links to a senior aide of a former prime minister who says he could smuggle indecent images of children from abroad .
` the leads were not followed up , but if the file still exists i want to ensure that the metropolitan police secure the evidence , re-examine it and investigate clear intelligence suggesting a powerful paedophile network linked to parliament and no 10 .
' mr