by .
matt blake .
published : .
04:32 est , 22 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
19:36 est , 22 june 2012 .
more charges ?
wearing a tight fitting black pencil dress with four inch christian louboutin heels the weary-looking rebekah brooks arrived at southwark crown court for the first hearing .
they were once the king and princess of a blossoming media empire .
but the lives of rupert murdoch and rebekah brooks now could n't have appeared further apart .
while she appeared in court charged with perverting the course of justice today , the news corp mogul appeared without a care in the world as he soaked up the sun aboard a gondola on a family holiday in venice last week .
wearing a tight-fitting black pencil dress with four-inch christian louboutin heels , the 44-year old looked weary as she arrived at southwark crown court with husband charlie to be told she may be charged with further offences in relation to scotland yard 's probe into phone hacking .
but for the global media mogul , who is now in new york , the plight of his flame-haired former protegee appeared but a distant memory as he relaxed 1,000 miles away on his family holiday .
he strolled the sun-drenched venetian canal walks , laughing with wife wendi deng and their young daughters , grace helen , 11 , and nine-year-old chloe .
they even had time to relax on his # 190,000 rosehearty superyacht in the crystal waters of the mediterranean sea .
back in london , mrs brooks sat stoney faced with charlie and their four co-defendants .
a trial date for the allegations that she hid documents and computers from detectives investigating hacking and bribing public officials was not set after the court heard that she is due to learn if she is to be charged with further offences in relation to the met 's operation weeting .
brooks , her husband charlie and four of her former entourage are now not expected to indicate their pleas until september after she answers bail to hear her fate in relation to the other allegations .
the 44-year-old listened intently as the dates for the case against her were set down in the courtroom packed with journalists ' .
scroll down for video .
simple life : more than 1,000