prince andrew 's chances of appearing in a us court over ` sex slave ' allegations receded last night , after authorities mounted a legal challenge against the woman who claims she slept with him .
prosecutors have asked a judge in florida to reject virginia roberts 's plea to join a seven-year legal battle being waged by two other women .
they are suing the us government over the lenient treatment of convicted paedophile jeffrey epstein , jailed for 18 months in 2008 .
virginia roberts photographed with prince andrew in early 2001 .
the chances of the prince having to appear in court over her allegation she was forced to sleep with him look to be receding .
the women , identified as ` jane does 1 and 2 ' , claim their rights as victims were breached when they were not consulted over a controversial deal signed by prosecutors with billionaire epstein , which granted him and others immunity from prosecution over dozens of cases of underage sexual abuse .
in return , epstein , 62 , a former friend of the prince , pledged to pay compensation to his victims .
in the new filing at palm beach county court , prosecutors say roberts was happy to receive an out-of-court settlement from epstein , knowing the non-prosecution agreement had been signed .
if the us authorities win the case , andrew will be spared having to give evidence or make a witness statement .
it will also mean roberts , 32 will no longer be able to repeat any of her claims without fear of being sued .
legal experts said prosecutors had a strong case and believe it is likely a judge will side with them .
us lawyer charles hayes said : ` the government just have to prove roberts was aware of the -lsb- immunity -rsb- agreement and a judge will favour them .
jeffrey epstein allegedly kept virginia roberts as a ` sex slave ' ` there has to be a very good reason to allow another party to join a long-running legal action and i do n't see one here .
' the prince was named in papers filed by roberts earlier this year .
she identified him as one of the men she was forced to sleep with while being kept as a ` sex slave ' by epstein .