mike ashley does n't know what he 's let himself in for .
if the newcastle united owner -- who last week bailed out cash-strapped rangers with a # 2million loan -- had taken up a seat in the director 's box at dumbarton on saturday , he would have been greeted by a sea of green .
with only one grandstand at the bet butler stadium , spectators are treated to the spectacular , craggy dunbartonshire landscape -- punctuated only by the imposing , red-brick shell of a former whisky distillery which looms over the ground .
mike ashley did not watch rangers at dumbarton but was in attendance as newcastle beat tottenham .
outside , stewards had the unfamiliar task of turning away ticketless fans , while the hospitality area ploughed ahead with a wedding .
with 1,000 noisy fans on either side , it had the feeling of a plum fa cup third tie , with the traditional footballing giants taking on the plucky non-league minnows .
in fact , neither ashley , nor south african-based businessman dave king or sale sharks owner brian kennedy -- the prospective saviours of ibrox -- were in attendance as rangers laboured to a 3-0 victory over their hosts .
kenny miller -lrb- obscured , second left -rrb- scores rangers ' first goal in their 3-0 victory over dumbarton .
if they had been there , the football on show would have been enough to make them change their minds .
there is no mistake ally mccoist 's side were streets ahead of dumbarton in terms of quality -- but only in the way that the vanarama conference is superior to the ryman league .
rangers huffed and puffed , hitting over-hit cross after over-hit cross , long punt after long punt .
only the meagre flashes of brilliance from veteran front-man kenny miller and the marauding runs of left-back lee wallace came close to anything resembling the top-flight .
the rest were mediocre .
` they 're not rangers players , ' one supporter told me as the squads warmed up beforehand .
` they are just filling the gaps until we get back to the premiership .
' newcastle united owner mike ashley 's -lrb- left -rrb- loan being accepted has led to graham wallace 's resignation .
part of the problem lies with the management .
while mccoist