an australian citizen , who has awaited trial from behind the bars of a russian prison for more than two years , could face a minimum of 15 years in jail for the supply of poppy seeds .
roman shilov , whose wife and the baby daughter live in brisbane , was detained by russian authorities on charges of drug trafficking in july 2012 , according to the abc .
he has never met his daughter .
the australian and russian citizen has been refused bail due to being considered a flight risk , despite the australian government assuring prosecutors that he would not be issued a passport , a letter from foreign affairs minister julie bishop has revealed .
roman shilov , whose wife and the baby daughter he 's never had the chance to meet live in brisbane , was detained by russian authorities on controversial charges of drug trafficking in july 2012 .
` regrettably , russian authorities have not accepted this advice and remain committed to having mr shilov remain in detention , ' ms bishop wrote in a letter to the shilov family 's local mp .
the letter also noted that the russian government was refusing to recognise mr shilov 's dual nationality which in turn ` seriously limits the ability of the australian government to provide consular assistance ' .
mr shilov had returned to moscow three years before his arrest to assist his father with his spice trade business which supplied up to 20 per cent of the country 's poppy seed market at the time , the abc reported .
poppy seeds are currently classified as narcotics by the russian government .
the australian and russian citizen , who has been detained without trial for two and a half years , has now been refused bail due to being considered a flight risk despite the australian government assuring prosecutors that he would not be issued a passport .
one of the charges laid against shilov and his father by russia 's federal drug control service is the importation of 47 tonnes of narcotics .
the abc reported that this shipment was made up entirely of poppy seeds and the service had even admitted that only 0.001 percent of it could be extracted as narcotics .
evgeny shilov , mr shilov 's brother who also lives in brisbane , told the abc