western secret services were today accused of a cover-up over the shooting down of flight mh17 by a retired chief in vladimir putin 's military intelligence agency .
retired lt. gen. nikolai pushkarev - formerly a senior official russia 's notorious secret service , gru - implied that the aircraft was shot out of the sky by ukrainian forces .
the conspiratorial allegation came as ukrainian prime minister announced that state subsidies for the eastern territories controlled by pro-russian separatists will be frozen for an unspecified amount of time .
scroll down for video .
accusations : retired lt. gen. nikolai pushkarev - formerly a senior official russia 's notorious secret service , gru - implied that flight mh17 -lrb- pictured -rrb- was shot out of the sky by ukrainian forces .
the official investigation into the mh17 disaster in july is still ongoing , but western sources have pointed the finger at pro-russian rebels downing the aircraft with a buk missile .
however , pushkarev claims the investigation is being used to put blame on russia .
` western intelligence and the americans are very well aware of all the details - who shot flight mh17 down , why and what for , ' he alleged .
they ` manipulate this information and this incident for their own benefit .
` this provocation was organised to lay blame on russia and force it into sending troops to ukraine , officially .
but the russian government did not succumb to this provocation ' .
bad times : billions in state subsidies for the territories in eastern ukraine controlled by pro-russian separatists , including donetsk , pictured , will be frozen for an unspecified amount of time .
he alleged that the us was trying to spark ` direct military conflict between russia and ukraine ' .
the conspiratorial allegation came as separatist officials in donetsk claimed eye-witnesses saw a second mysterious aircraft in the sky as the malaysian airlines boeing 777 was shot down in july .
` onlookers said that immediately after the boeing had exploded they saw a smaller , grey plane moving in the area of the boeing 's air route , which then disappeared in the clouds .
' a source claimed that ` more than 20 onlookers were questioned ' in regard to the ` sighting ' , but did not give more details .