corporal jordan spears , 21 , of memphis , indiana , was a crewman aboard a v-22 tilt-rotor aircraft flying off the uss makin island and went into the sea when the aircraft lost power shortly after takeoff .
a u.s. marine who went into .
the sea from a v-22 osprey during a flight mishap over the .
northern gulf this week is the first american to be killed in u.s. military operations against the islamic state group in iraq and .
syria .
corporal jordan spears , 21 , of memphis , indiana , was a .
crewman aboard a v-22 tilt-rotor aircraft flying off the uss .
makin island and went into the sea when the aircraft lost power .
shortly after takeoff , the navy said on friday .
the v-22 descended to the surface of the ocean during the .
mishap on wednesday .
spears and a second air crewmen went into .
the water when it appeared the tilt-rotor aircraft was about to .
crash , but the two pilots were able to regain control of the .
craft and landed it safely back on board the makin island .
one air crewman was recovered and was in stable condition .
aboard the makin island .
a search and rescue operation for the .
missing crewman was called off on thursday and the navy said he .
was presumed lost at sea .
rear admiral john kirby , the pentagon press secretary , .
confirmed on friday that the marine 's unit had been supporting .
current operations in the gulf , including the current battle .
against the islamic state in iraq and syria .
` that squadron and that ship were in the gulf supporting .
central command operations , ' kirby said , referring to the .
combatant command responsible for u.s. forces in the middle east .
region .
` some of those operations included operations in iraq and .
syria , at least tangentially , ' he said .
spears pictured on top of a v-22 osprey : the marine is the first american to be killed in u.s.military operations against the islamic state group in iraq andsyria .
` so there 's no question .
that this marine 's death is related to the operations that are .
going on in some form or fashion .
' the