by .
quentin letts .
not many tories attended questions to vince cable 's business department .
perhaps they find it hard to stomach lib dem vince at the despatch box .
yet that seems unlikely .
mr cable is , in the chamber , a polite , agreeable figure , quite unlike the incorrigible schemer lurking behind the arras .
maybe tories stayed away because they are driven nuts by one of their own frontbenchers , matthew hancock ?
this m. hancock is not the one with the beard and florid kerchiefs who has been caught up in such lurid goings-on in portsmouth .
that m. hancock is 68-year-old mike , formerly lib dem , now independent .
matthew hancock , 35 , entered parliament in 2010 and is tremendously zingy and smells faintly of haliborange tablets and nivea shaving gel , and due to his upbeat nature is tipped to be tory leader .
this one is matthew , 35 going on 29 .
he is tremendously zingy and smells faintly of haliborange tablets and nivea shaving gel .
he entered parliament in 2010 via a safe seat in suffolk -lrb- its previous mp was tossed a peerage -rrb- .
having scorched through both oxford and cambridge , young hancock became close to george osborne .
within five minutes he was on the public accounts committee .
in 2012 he became minister for skills , enterprise and -lrb- dread phrase -rrb- lifelong learning .
it will be a surprise , not least to master hancock himself , if he is not tory leader by 2020 .
his upbeat manner is suited to his job .
he is the sort of person who , on entering the dayroom of an old people 's home , will spank his palms and say ` right , troops , what 's the plan of action today ?
' house of commons speaker john bercow gives no impression of liking mr hancock .
if you went on holiday with mr hancock he would likely have you out doing star jumps on the beach before breakfast .
he is a doer , a delver , a tireless tigger .
yesterday he was ` delighted to tell the house ' -- with fizzy eyes and much emphasis on the ` light ' and ` tell ' -- that the government was ` well on track