footage has surfaced purporting to show a big cat wandering through a paris carpark as french authorities continue their hunt for an elusive ` large feline ' prowling the outskirts of the capital .
the hunt for the ` escaped tiger ' has been downgraded to ` large cat ' search as police admit they do not know exactly what they 're looking for , although they have ruled out the possibility it is a tiger .
but security camera footage has now surfaced showing what almost certainly is a large cat wandering past a supermarket in montevrain , near paris .
scroll down for video .
the video footage shows the cat stalking through a carpark in montevrain , on the outskirts of paris .
the grainy cctv footage shows it first emerging from underneath a parked car to the right .
it then wanders at a leisurely pace past more vehicles in direct line of sight of the camera .
the cat disappears from view only seconds later , but the footage appears to confirm police claims the cat is not a large tiger as was first feared .
tests on footprints carried out by france 's national wildlife and hunting board have ` ruled out the presence of a tiger ' .
but a statement issued by the local prefecture said a ` feline ' was still being looked for , and it was likely to be a ` large one ' , said a spokesman .
` after an investigation carried out by the national hunting and wildlife office in conjunction with the parc des felins -lrb- a nearby wildlife park -rrb- , ' the statement read , ` we can exclude the presence of an animal from the tiger species .
the feline ... is still being hunted .
' yesterday heavily armed police stood guard at schools in a paris suburb as the hunt for an escaped tiger resumed at daybreak .
worried parents ushered their children through school gates across seine-et-marne , to the east of the capital , 24 hours after the beast was spotted prowling the built-up area five miles from disneyland paris .
it remains unclear where the animal escaped from but fears are growing that , the longer is remains on the loose , the hungrier and more aggressive it will become .
downgraded : the hunt for an