by .
helen pow and meghan keneally .
published : .
11:57 est , 26 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
15:42 est , 26 december 2012 .
the girlfriend of a suspect in a new hampshire murder case has been arrested for lying to police about her whereabouts on the night when the missing college student was last seen .
elizabeth ` lizzie ' marriott went missing on october 9 and may have been involved in a kinky threesome with seth mazzaglia and his girlfriend kathryn mcdonough .
mazzaglia , an aspiring 29-year-old actor , remains in police custody and is charged with the second dregree murder of 19-year-old marriott even though her body has never been found .
charged : kathryn mcdonough , 19 , seen at her arraignment -lrb- left -rrb- and arrest -lrb- right -rrb- was charged with lying to the police about her whereabouts on the night that a supposed friend went missing .
support : mcdonough 's parents watched in court as their daughter 's bail was set for $ 35,000 .
mcdonough , also 19 , was dating mazzaglia at the time and investigators believe that she is the connection between the seemingly wholesome marriott and mazzaglia who is thought to be a member of various online dating and bondage websites .
marriott was a student at the university of new hampshire , and her friends said that on the day that she disappeared , she had told them that she was going to visit a friend in a town called dover .
mcdonough - who lived in an apartment with mazzaglia in dover - and marriott previously worked together at target and became friends there .
marriott 's aunt said lizzi loved marine biology , volunteered at the new england aquarium in boston and enjoyed reading the harry potter series and the lord of the rings trilogy with her younger brother .
university of new hampshire student elizabeth .
` lizzi ' marriott vanished on her way to visit a friend on tuesday - .
police now believe she is dead and have called off the search .
hunt : new hampshire associate attorney general jane young holds a ` missing ' flyer of lizzi on friday .
mcdonough was arrested on christmas .
eve for hindering apprehension or prosecution and conspiracy to commit .
hindering apprehension or prosecution ,