an unidentified college student managed to get away without any kind of punishment after cops caught her drinking underage at a festival - because she beat them at a game of rock paper scissors .
a video posted on social media site vine by a user known as old row , shows the girl surrounded by her fellow festival goers at texas-based country music festival chilifest last weekend , facing up to three officers who are believed to have busted her for drinking , before challenging her to a round of the beloved playground game .
seconds after the college student shows a clenched fist - or a ` rock ' - to the three officers , one of whom chose ` scissors ' as his option , thereby claiming a victory , the crowd erupts into cheers of joy and celebration , while the victor is left completely speechless with relief .
rock : an anonymous college student -lrb- pictured -rrb- is thought to have escaped without a ticket for underage drinking after she beat a police officer in a game of rock paper scissors .
the clip was captioned : ` these cops let her play rock paper scissors to not get arrested .
she won .
gig 'em .
#chilifest -lsb- sic -rsb- ' since being posted on monday , the vine has been viewed more than 500,000 times , receiving a total of 5,000 likes .
in addition to the video , a gif of the incident was also posted on reddit , with many former texas a&m students using the thread in order to express their disbelief at the leniency of the three officers involved .
` the police at chilifest -lrb- texas country music festival near college station , tx -rrb- are notorious for giving tickets to minors , ' one user , posting under the name of i_am_bromega , said .
tension : the young girl , who is though to be a student at texas a&m university in college station , had one chance to beat the officers .
pure joy : as soon as she realized that she had won , the college student was left speechless with relief .
caught on camera : a video posted on social media site vine shows the entire incident .
' i was over the legal drinking age when i went , but we