by .
tamara cohen .
published : .
18:25 est , 2 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
18:26 est , 2 april 2013 .
a second toll motorway is planned as part of a road building drive to power britain 's faltering economic recovery -- but it will take 18 years to complete .
ministers are planning to revive a decades-old plan to ease congestion on part of the m4 in south wales , which is expected to be announced in june .
george osborne has agreed to underwrite the # 1billion project , government sources claimed , which will be part of a major programme of upgrades to other major roads .
a new relief road in wales could became the second toll motorway in britain similar to the current section of the m6 , pictured .
transport officials are understood to be considering several other possible projects including an upgrade to the a1 north of newcastle which would link london and scotland by dual carriageway for the first time ; the a303 in southwest england , and the a47 running through the norfolk broads .
the m4 scheme was first considered in 1989 and plans were unveiled almost ten years ago , but shelved five years later due to spiralling costs .
it is now expected to be the centrepiece of an infrastructure package , after the chancellor announced an extra # 3.3 billion a year in funding for major projects to boost jobs and growth .
but it will take three years of .
preparation and 15 years to build and is not expected to open until the .
year 2031 , highlighting the problems the government faces with getting .
major works underway .
george osborne announced # 3billion extra a year in infrastructure spending in last month 's budget .
david cameron claimed the controversial high speed 2 railway line -- opposed by many of his backbenchers - was ` vital ' if britain was to compete in the ` global race ' .
but the first fast trains to birmingham will not run until 2026 and the second phase to manchester and leeds will not be ready until the mid-2030s .
the anticipated announcement in this summer 's comprehensive spending review follows a government row about whether to embark on major and costly infrastructure investment to take advantage of low interest