a police woman who once used a fake facebook account to bombard an aboriginal rights activist with racist taunts is standing to be a one nation candidate for the upcoming queensland election .
leanne rissman made headlines in july last year when a police investigation found that she had hurled abuse at geraldton 's joyce capewell on her facebook page , boomerang justice , using the alias ` anne t sharia ' .
this comes as queensland premier campbell newman on tuesday announced the state election will be held on january 31 .
ms rissman joins the party which is being led by controversial political figure pauline hanson , who 's known for her first parliamentary speech in which she warned of a country ` swamped by asians ' .
leanne rissman was disciplined by the queensland police service after it was found she made racist remarks via an alias facebook account .
ian nelson , the queensland director for one nation , confirmed to daily mail australia that ms rissman is standing as the party 's candidate but is yet to provide further comment .
party leader pauline hanson returned to one nation last year after being forced to quit in 2003 as she was found guilty of electoral fraud and sentenced to three years in jail , although the conviction was overturned and she was freed after 11 weeks .
hanson is notorious for her first parliamentary speech in which she warned of a country ` swamped by asians ' .
on new year 's day last year , senior constable rissman referred to indigenous people as ` scum bags ' and ` oxygen thieves ' after ms capewell posted on her facebook page about tony abbott 's indigenous advisory council and what role they would play in looking into deaths in custody .
` get off your a *** get a job and start giving something back to your own and the greater community , ' senior constable rissman allegedly posted under the anne t sharia alias .
ms capewell started boomerang justice last year after 20 years of working in the western australia prison system and interacting with aboriginal inmates .
the page aims to raise awareness about ongoing aboriginal deaths in custody .
` and while you 're at it how about you give you children and dogs a decent existence as well instead of