a pulitzer prize-winning journalist says that the official account of the raid which killed osama bin laden in 2011 is ` one big lie ' .
seymour hersh , 76 , said that ` not one word ' of the obama administration 's narrative on what happened is true .
in an interview with the guardian published today , hersh savages the us media for failing to challenge the white house on a whole host of issues , from nsa spying , to drone attacks , to aggression against syria .
` not true ' : journalist seymour hersh says the raid that killed osama bin laden in 2011 was all a fabrication .
sucking up : hersh said the american press spends ` so much more time carrying water for obama than i ever thought they would ' ` lying ' : hersh says ` not one word ' of the obama administration 's account of the raid that supposedly killed osama bin laden is true .
the government has never released pictures of bin laden 's dead body to the public .
the compound : the pakistan home of the al qaeda leader was in flames after it was attacked by navy seals .
he said the navy seal raid that supposedly resulted in the death of the al-qaeda terror leader , hersh said , ` not one word of it is true ' .
according to hersh - who first gained worldwide recognition in 1969 for exposing the my lai massacre and its cover-up during the vietnam war , for which he received the 1970 pulitzer prize for international reporting - the problem is that the us media is allowing the obama administration to get away with lying .
` it 's pathetic .
they are more than obsequious , they are afraid to pick on this guy -lsb- obama -rsb- .
' the white house has refused to publicly release images of bin laden 's body , fuelling suspicion they are withholding information .
president barack obama , vice president joe biden , former secretary of state hillary clinton and members of the national security team watch the raid live from the white house 's situation room on may 1 , 2011 .
aftermath : part of a damaged helicopter is seen lying near the compound after us navy seal commandos supposedly killed bin laden .