a hundred years ago , giovanni bergoglio fought in some of the fiercest battles of the first world war .
luckily he survived , but his grandson jorge mario bergoglio , now pope francis , remembers how the old man would only speak of the ` painful memories ' of the great war .
and today the pontiff made a holy pilgrimage to italy 's largest war memorial to pay homage to the sacrifices made by giovanni and millions of others .
standing amid row upon row of tombstones dedicated to italian soldiers who fell during the first world war , francis warned of a ` third world war ' amid new threats from the middle east and eastern europe .
he said : ` humanity needs to weep and this is the time to weep .
even today , after the second failure of another world war , perhaps one can speak of a third war , one fought piecemeal , with crimes , massacres , destruction .
scroll down for video .
pope francis visited two first world war graveyard in modern-day slovenia today which is located along the isonzo river where his grandfather fought .
the italians launched a series of offensives against austro-hungarian forces along the river , losing almost half of all soldiers killed during the conflict there .
francis laid a wreath among the 100,000 graves close to the isonzo river .
around 60,000 of the tombs are unmarked as their occupants have never been identified .
the isonzo campaign claimed the lives of almost half the italian soldiers to die during the first world war , and was the worst defeat in the country 's military history .
` war is irrational ; its only plan is to bring destruction : it seeks to grow by destroying .
greed , intolerance , the lust for power .
these motives underlie the decision to go to war and they are too often justified by an ideology .
' he recalled the trauma suffered by his own grandfather , who fought during italy 's bloody campaign along the isonzo river , close to the graveyard , before emigrating to argentina after the war .
between 1915 and 1917 the italian army launched a series of bloody attacks against the austro-hungarian forces stationed along the isonzo river , losing almost half of all soldiers killed in