by .
naomi greenaway .
have these eye-popping bags dropped out of the latest disney cartoon and been photo-shopped into these images ?
it certainly looks that way , but stare at them and you 'll see that they are in fact 100 per cent real and exist as you see them in the fashion flesh .
scroll down for video .
everyone on the street will be doing a double-take when you carry around one of these cartoon-inspired bags created by taipei-based design duo , rika lin and chay su .
the quirky bags created created by taipei-based design duo , rika lin and chay su , are designed to look like bold , colourful 2d drawings that have come to life .
and they really do !
there 's no doubt wandering down the street with one of these will make people do a double take .
this cool idea came to the designers one afternoon when the friends were sketching their dream designer bag .
they thought how amazing it would be if a .
two-dimensional hand-drawn illustration could come to life as a real .
bag so they then set off exploring the possibilities .
has someone just mugged minnie mouse ?
: these quirky 2d designs have a cartoon style but are living and breathing real-life fashion .
after much hard work , eventually they 're brand ` jump from paper ' was born .
` we love to confuse people , but more so , .
we love to see them burst out into laughter once they realize these are .
real bags .
' said chay and rika , who aim to take fashion outside the .
proverbial box .
the girls , say they 're ` addicted to collecting funny and weird stuff ' , and take inspiration for their designs from everything in their daily life .
they may look like drawings but these are still life images of bags from their ` jump from paper ' collection .
the bags , which started as a small run in 2010 , are now a hit in over 25 countries worldwide .
in the uk , they are exclusively available at the saatchi gallery on london 's trendy king road and the website , jumpfrompaper.com .
the designs include handbags , shoulder bags , cross body bags , backpacks , purses and