by .
lynne wallis .
published : .
17:00 est , 14 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:00 est , 14 december 2013 .
tragedy : an inquest has been launched into the passing of shayla walmsley , 44 , examining whether her death could have been caused by a malfunctioning insulin pump .
the catchphrase ` in better control .
. .
' appears again and again on the medtronic website .
it is the pharmaceutical company 's clever marketing strategy to promote their insulin pumps -- medical devices often thought of as a foolproof alternative to the daily injections of lifesaving drugs needed by diabetics .
yet last week , an inquest was launched into the death in her sleep of financial journalist shayla walmsley , 44 , with the family 's legal team examining whether it could have been caused by a malfunctioning insulin pump .
a year before , a 26-year-old woman , known only as ffion as she wishes to remain anonymous , claims to have suffered a massive overdose after her pump released a large amount of the drug insulin into her bloodstream .
she spent two days on a life support machine and lay in an induced coma for a further two days , but has since recovered fully .
in .
may , a week after shayla 's body was found , the medicine and healthcare .
products regulatory agency -lrb- mhra -rrb- watchdog sent out a warning regarding .
the device after the manufacturer discovered some to be faulty .
problems .
identified included mechanical faults that could result in too much .
insulin being released -- a potentially life-threatening overdose -- by .
accident .
medtronic , .
who make the minimed paradigm pumps , one of the most popular brands -- .
models of which were used by both women -- say their products were not at .
fault in ffion 's case .
they tested her pump and found it to be fully .
functional .
human error is a known cause of overdose with all methods of .
taking insulin .
the cause .
of shayla 's death is yet to be determined by the coroner .
but lawyer .
mark harvey , who is representing both the walmsley family and ffion , .
says known problems may predate these incidents .
on .