jose mourinho believes that the ballon d'or , the trophy awarded to the world 's best footballer , should be scrapped .
the chelsea manager has sided with arsene wenger in calling into the question the legitimacy of the award .
real madrid superstar cristiano ronaldo is the current holder of the trophy which is voted for by national team managers and captains .
jose mourinho , pictured on the chelsea bench during their win against stoke , has sided with arsene wenger .
cristiano ronaldo , winner of the ballon d'or on three occasions , is presented with last year 's award .
lionel messi , who finished runner-up to ronaldo in 2014 , has previously won the compeition three times .
speaking last year , wenger said he was ` totally against ' the ballon d'or , and in a wide-ranging interview with the telegraph , mourinho moved to side with his great premier league rival .
` i think wenger said something that is interesting ; he is against the ballon d'or , and i think he 's right , because in this moment football is losing a little bit the concept of the team to focus more on the individual , ' said mourinho .
` we are always looking at the individual performance , the individual stat , the player that runs more .
because you run 11km in a game and i run nine you did a better job than i did ?
maybe not !
maybe my 9km were more important than your 11 .
' arsene wenger and mourinho have clashed on a number of occasions during their managerial careers .
eden hazard is congratulated by his chelsea team-mates after scoring in their victory against stoke city .
ronaldo beat barcelona 's lionel messi and manuel neuer , of bayern munich , to this year 's award which was presented to the former manchester united star in december .
it is the third time he has been honoured with the gong .
the second of his triumphs came when he was playing under mourinho at madrid .
` for me , football is collective , ' added mourinho , whose chelsea team travel to loftus road on sunday as they bid to be crowned premier league champions .
` the individual is welcome if you want to make our group better .