transferring data onto your computer could soon be a simple as using a post-it note .
scientists have invented data storage devices that look like the sticky labels , and transfer files simply by being stuck onto the front of a computer , or other device .
the tiny , paper-thin drives called datastickies are stacked one on top of another , like real post-it notes , and are then peeled off as and when they 're needed .
the paper-thin datastickies , pictured , were created by designer aditi singh and university professor parag anand , both from new delhi , india .
they are built using from a super-strong , conductive material called graphene - made from a layer of carbon atoms - and will be available in sizes up to 32gb .
the tiny , paper-thin drives called .
datastickies are stacked one on top of another , like real post-it notes , .
and are then peeled off as and when they 're needed .
the user then sticks them to the front of their computer , tv , smartphone or tablet to transfer data via a special adhesive .
datastickies are made from graphene - a .
super-strong , conductive material made of a single layer of carbon atoms .
- and will be sold in a range of different sizes up to 32gb .
the special adhesive used to stick the devices together , and to electronic devices , is conductive .
it .
is a ` special low-tack , pressure-sensitive adhesive ' capable of being .
reused without leaving marks like a stick note , explained the .
designers .
the user then sticks them to the front of their computer , tv , smartphone or tablet to transfer data via a special adhesive .
datastickies are made from graphene - a super-strong , conductive material made of a single layer of carbon atoms - and will be sold in a range of different sizes up to 32gb .
the technology is still being developed , but its hoped they will one day replace popular usb drives .
datastickies ' design was the brainchild of designer aditi singh and university professor parag anand , both from new delhi , india .
singh said : ` datastickies are a design concept for graphene-based flash drives that may replace usb data drives in the future