by .
damian spellman , press association .
nigeria has been suspended from all international football amid allegations of government interference in its football federation .
fifa announced the ban , which means no nigerian team - including club sides - can play internationally , on wednesday evening .
it was the world governing body 's response to a court order which compelled the nigerian minister of sports to appoint a senior member of the civil service to take over the running of the nigeria football federation .
suspended : nigeria performed above expectations at the world cup but are now banned from internationals .
waving goodbye : the super eagles went out of the tournament after defeat to france in the last 16 .
a statement from fifa 's emergency committee said : ` the fifa emergency committee has decided today , 9 july 2014 , to suspend the nigeria football federation -lrb- nff -rrb- with immediate effect , on account of government interference .
' the statement continued : ` the decision follows a letter sent by fifa to the nff on 4 july 2014 , in which it expressed its great concern after the nff was served with court proceedings and consequently an order preventing the president of the nff , the nff executive committee members and the nff congress from running the affairs of nigerian football was granted by a high court of the federal republic of nigeria .
` the said court order compelled the nigerian minister of sports to appoint a senior member of the civil service to manage the nff until the matter was heard in court , without giving any date for such a hearing .
missing out : nigeria have been suspended over claims that the government is interfering in football .
` the authorities then appointed a person who decided to convene an extraordinary general assembly on 5 july 2014 .
this extraordinary general assembly was convened in violation of the nff statutes .
` originally , an elective congress had been planned by the nff to take place on 26 august 2014 .
` the suspension will be lifted once the court actions have been withdrawn and the properly elected nff executive committee , the nff general assembly and the nff administration are able to work without any interference in their affairs .
' the first impact of fifa