prince philip put in a youthful appearance at the royal windosr horse show today despite his advancing age .
he may be about to celebrate his 93rd birthday but prince philip clearly is n't a man to slow down .
the iron duke was out carriage driving yesterday in windsor great park - with the energy of someone half his age .
like his wife , the queen , who still rides regularly at the age of 88 , philip has refused to give up the sport he loves .
he has always been a keen sportsman , taking up carriage driving in 1971 when he officially retired from playing polo - believing it was the perfect sport for someone in ` middle age ' .
by 1973 he was suitably proficient to take up the sport competitively , representing britain at several european and world championships .
he continued to compete in four-in-hand carriage driving with his team of fell ponies into his early 80s and still enjoys the sport recreationally .
in his book ` thirty years on and off the box seat ' the duke described the appeal of the sport , saying : ` i am getting old , my reactions are getting slower , and my memory is unreliable , but i have never lost the sheer pleasure of driving a team through the british countryside .
` i have been fortunate to have had a longer innings than most , and i have no intention of giving up while i have a team of willing ponies and dedicated staff and while i can still cope with the challenges which carriage driving presents me with .
' riding high : the prince was seen driving around windsor great park last week .
unstoppable : royal aides have admitted it is difficult to persuade the prince to slow down .
he took up carriage driving in 1971 after retiring from polo and competed in it from 1973 onwards .
in 2010 he escaped major injury following a carriage driving accident - while a female groom less than half his age had to be taken to hospital .
the prince was out driving in the grounds at windsor castle when the ponies pulling his carriage were startled and bolted .
as a result the carriage hit a tree stump , jolting the occupants and leaving the queen