fraudster : jonathan thompson , 35 , has been jailed for four months after completing just one hour of a 100 hour community service order .
a convicted fraudster who only completed one hour of a community service order because it made him feel too depressed - has been jailed .
jonathan thompson , 35 , was given 100 hours of unpaid work after admitting conspiracy to defraud in june last year .
he was part of a group who pretended to order goods online and then claimed refunds from royal mail when the phantom parcels were not delivered .
he received the 12-month community sentence after admitting taking part in the scam and allowing his address to be used .
but stoke-on-trent crown court heard yesterday that thompson had only completed one hour of unpaid work after suffering with depression .
judge paul glenn told him he had treated the order with ` complete contempt ' and re-sentenced him to four months in prison .
he said : ` he is making no attempt whatsoever to deal with this court order .
` he had the shot across the bows in january .
he knew what was expected of him .
i accept you have some form of depression .
so do an awful lot of people .
` the reality is you do not fancy doing some work for nothing .
the original offence was serious .
you have treated this order with complete contempt .
you have willfully and persistently refused to comply with it .
' the court heard the probation service had .
applied for the order to be revoked in january this year , saying it was .
unworkable due to thompson 's health .
sentenced : thompson was jailed after the judge said he had shown ` complete contempt ' for the community service order .
criminals are seen here carrying out community service -lrb- stock picture -rrb- .
but recorder bal dhaliwal refused to revoke the order and told thompson , from stoke-on-trent , staffordshire , to re-engage or risk going to prison .
he breached the order again by failing to report for community service on march 2 and march 16 .
defending thompson , catherine o'reilly said he had no previous convictions before he became involved in the royal mail conspiracy .
but the court heard he had since assaulted