five years after the brutal rape and murder of a 23-year-old tennessee boy , his mother and stepfather are finally going on trial .
joshua starner , 25 , has been charged in the beating death of keegan metz , who suffered severe head trauma .
a medical examination revealed that the boy had been sodomized before the slaying .
both starner and keegan 's mother , 26-year-old caitlyn metz , are facing two counts each of felony first-degree murder , aggravated child abuse and aggravated rape of a child .
monstrous charges : joshua starner , 25 , is .
accused of sodomizing his 23-month-old stepson , keegan metz , and then .
beating him to death in february 2009 .
mother on trial : caitlyn metz , 26 , faces charges of murder and child abuse and rape in connection to her son 's death , which prosecutors say she had a part in .
starner and metz 's murder trial was originally scheduled to begin back in january 2011 , but the proceedings were delayed as the prosecution continued analysing medical evidence , the leaf chronicle reported .
on tuesday morning , the joint jury trial of starner and metz got under way , with judge mike r. jones presiding over the case .
the tragic incident took place february 7 , 2009 , when 23-month-old keegan was rushed to a nashville hospital with forehead trauma and bruises all over his body .
the following day , the toddler succumbed to his injuries , which doctors at vanderbilt children 's hospital ruled to be non-accidental .
the child 's stepfather , then-20-year-old fort campbell soldier joshua starner , was arrested on the day of the incident and charged with aggravated child abuse .
keegan 's mother , mrs metz , initially told police that her son looked healthy when she left him in the care of his stepfather in their apartment on ballygar street in clarksville so she could go to the store .
when she returned home about two hours later , metz told investigators she found her son lying unresponsive in his bed .
just before 1pm february 7 , 2009 , the mother called 911 and the boy was taken to gateway hospital , and later transferred to vanderbilt for treatment .
doctors who examined little keegan noted that besides brain swelling , the