a map showing the cost of living around the world shows how the u.s. is now less affordable for residents - but still cheaper than britain and france .
the global report reveals how britain is the 10th most expensive country to live in with australia tenth and america 24th .
switzerland tops the list while norway and denmark appear in the top five for the third year in a row according to the results of a survey which took into account the cost of groceries , transportation , restaurants and utilities .
a map has been produced charting the cost of living around the world - and it reveals how the u.s. is cheaper for residents than the uk .
switzerland tops the list while norway and denmark appear in the top five for the third year in a row according to the results of a survey .
in a damning reflection of venezuela 's domestic problems , the latin american country has climbed from 12th place in 2013 to third place in 2015 .
iceland has also jumped significantly , up from 10th place in 2013 to fourth in 2015 .
the world report , carried out by numbeo , was fashioned into an infographic by movehub - a resource for people moving abroad .
all nations were compared to the cost of living in new york .
for example , if a country has a consumer price index of 70 on movehub 's infographic then on average its cost of living is 30 per cent cheaper than that of new york 's .
australia was found to be the sixth least affordable country while new zealand was seventh on the list .
india came first on a list charting the lowest cost of living , followed by nepal and pakistan .
in a damning reflection of venezuela 's domestic problems , the latin american country has climbed from 12th place in 2013 to third place in 2015 .
top ten : the uk was 10th on the cost of living table which takes into account groceries and travel .
more expensive but not in the big leagues : the u.s. ranked 24th in the world 's cost of living table .
movehub explains the cost of groceries took into account the price for meat , bread , rice , eggs , fruits , vegetables and alcohol .