by .
darren boyle .
a film has been released that appears to show the shocking moment isis jihadists blew up the burial site of biblical character jonah , who famously survived being eaten by a whale .
the fundamentalists had previously been filmed smashing tombstones and graves in city of mosul in north-west iraq .
the video captures the moment when the tomb explodes , showering the surrounding area with rubble and dust .
it is believed an isis operative set up a camera waiting for the massive explosion in mosul , iraq .
the structure is completely demolished moments after the detonation which threw debris into the air .
the dust cloud caused by the explosion continued into the sky after the latest .
scroll down for video .
isis militants believe giving special veneration to tombs and relics is against the teachings of islam .
one of the devastated tombstones belonged to the prophet jonah -lrb- younis in arabic -rrb- and was revered by muslims and christians alike , according to iraqi authorities .
the prophet , who is the central figure in the hebrew bible 's book of jonah , is best known for being swallowed by a fish or a whale , depending on translation .
the attack is the latest in the isis 's violent rampage across iraq .
earlier .
this week , a series of images emerged showing the destruction of almost .
a dozen shia and sunni religious shrines in mosul , iraq 's second largest city , .
and the town of tal afar , which is also currently under isis control .
armed : the rebels , who are members of the islamic state terror group , were filmed attacking centuries-old graves in the north-west city of mosul in ninevah province .
above , an isis militant vandalises a tombstone .
smash : donning balaclavas and black coats , the rebels swung sledgehammers into the green tombstones .
speaking of the latest attack , ninevah official zuhair al-chalabi , told iraqinews.com : ` the elements of isis -lsb- have -rsb- controlled the .
mosque of the prophet younis in mosul since they invaded the city .
' ' -lsb- they -rsb- engaged in the process of tampering with the contents of the mosque .
it is .
still held by them until now .
' the shrine of the