by .
anna edwards .
published : .
07:52 est , 31 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:59 est , 31 may 2013 .
a model mother claims her six year-old son has been driven out of primary school by bullies - because she dresses like pin-up pop star katy perry .
david belcher has been kept away from classes for six months amid claims other pupils bit and punched him , trapped his fingers and even urinated on his jumper .
his mother suzanne o'neill , 25 , said he was so frightened about going to school he stopped eating .
suzanne o'neill , 25 , said david was so frightened about going to school he stopped eating .
kent county council have since offered the youngster a place at another primary school .
she claims her son is being picked on as ` different ' because she is a professional model who poses for sexy retro photos .
but she says when she complained to st paul 's infant school in maidstone , kent she was told ` boys will be boys ' .
suzanne , .
who is also a part-time katy perry tribute act , says she has also been .
the victim of taunts about her style from other mums at the school .
gates .
she said she asked police for help after another mother threatened her outside the school .
a spiteful facebook page was also set up using a photo of suzanne in the profile .
suzanne o'neill , who is a part time katy perry tribute act , says her child has been bullied because of how she dresses .
suzanne says she has also been the victim of taunts about her style from other mums at the school gates .
suzanne said children would tell her son that ` his mother is a scrubber ' and said other parents were abusive .
and when things got so bad she had to have a police escort for the school run she decided to remove david from the school .
kent county council have since offered the youngster a place at another primary school .
but .
suzanne , who has lodged an official complaint with the department of .
education , said she does not want him to make the 40-minute walk from .
their home .
she