steven gerrard became the third player in liverpool history to make 700 appearances for the club on wednesday night against bolton in their fa cup fourth round replay .
the liverpool captain was recalled to the starting line-up by brendan rodgers , and he joined ian callaghan and jamie carragher in the club 's 700 club .
gerrard , who has spent all his career at liverpool , marked the achievement by wearing a special pair of boots with the no 700 on them , and also the names of his daughters lilly and lexie .
steven gerrard made his 700th liverpool appearance on wednesday night in their game against bolton .
gerrard -lrb- right -rrb- returned to the starting line-up having been left out of the side that beat west ham .
the liverpool captain joined ian callaghan -lrb- 857 -rrb- and jamie carragher -lrb- 737 -rrb- in the 700 club .
gerrard wore special boots for the replay against bolton to mark his achievement .
the boots had the no 700 on the back as well as the name of his daughters lilly and lexie .
1 .
ian callaghan 857 .
2 .
jamie carragher 737 .
3 .
steven gerrard 700 * .
4 .
ray clemence 665 .
= emlyn hughes 665 .
-lrb- * still playing -rrb- .
the 34-year-old posted a message on instagram last week looking forward to his 700th appearance , but was left out of the squad that beat west ham 2-0 at anfield at the weekend .
gerrard will likely remain third behind callaghan -lrb- 857 -rrb- and carragher -lrb- 737 -rrb- as he is set to leave in the summer to join la galaxy .
carragher tweeted : ` myself & ian callaghan would like to welcome steven gerrard into the 700 club !
' gerrard emerges from the tunnel to lead his liverpool side out against bolton .
danny murphy was full of praise for his former liverpool team-mate in the bbc studio before the game .
liverpool came from a goal behind to beat bolton and progress to a fifth round tie against crystal palace .
gerrard and liverpool manager brendan rodgers are all smiles after the final whistle .
speaking on bbc before the fourth round replay at bolton , gerrard 's former team-mate danny murphy praised gerrard 's longevity and success .
he said