an extraordinary cabinet row has broken out over plans by ministers to force muslim schools to teach pupils about christianity .
the move by education secretary nicky morgan is intended to stop islamic extremists from ` brainwashing ' children .
but it has led to a clash at the top of government , with home secretary theresa may lining up with mrs morgan against communities secretary eric pickles .
mrs morgan drew up the proposals in the wake of the ` trojan horse ' plot by radical muslims to take over schools in birmingham , which led to the government rushing in new measures to compel schools to teach ` british values ' of tolerance .
nicky morgan , is said to have drawn up the new proposals in the wake of the trojan horse plot in birmingham schools .
however , the mail on sunday has learned that the plan has infuriated mr pickles , who has argued it ` violates religious freedom ' , and warned about the impact on catholic and jewish schools .
the education secretary wants to amend the religious studies gcse course , which stipulates that pupils should study one ` world religion ' -- usually restricted to their school 's faith .
mrs morgan wants students to learn about a minimum of two religions to ensure that muslim pupils become aware of ` different perspectives ' .
mr pickles -- backed by the heads of the catholic and jewish faiths in the uk -- has pointed out that the plan could also compel other faith schools to teach pupils about islam .
a government source said : ` eric has really gone off on one over this .
home secretary theresa may , left , is supporting the plans , while communities secretary eric pickles , is against .
` he thinks that it is just meddling , and it will have a knock-on effect on the freedom of catholic and jewish schools to restrict their teachings to just their faith and preserve their distinctive ethos .
theresa however has been fully supportive .
she thinks the most important thing is to stop a new generation of muslims from being lost to the extremists .
' the chief rabbi ephraim mirvis is expected to raise the proposal at a meeting with the prime minister later this month .
the catholic archbishop of westminster