by .
emma reynolds .
published : .
05:00 est , 16 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
12:11 est , 16 november 2012 .
` plain janes ' are often happier at school than the girls who seem most popular and attractive , according to an academic .
sociable and successful pupils often have the worst problems , says professor carrie paechter , from goldsmiths college in london .
girls further down ` the pecking order ' are under less pressure to be perfect and to conform , the education professor will tell headteachers at a conference next week .
dressing the part : lindsay lohan -lrb- left -rrb- learns the importance of being one of the popular crowd in mean girls - but is being ordinary better for your mental health ?
` there is a lot of pressure to be top of .
the social group , but often girls who are popular are n't well liked - they 're feared because they 're dominant , ' she writes in a speech to be given at the girls ' schools association annual conference in liverpool .
although popular pupils may appear to be part of tight-knit friendship groups , girls who are part of these cliques often turn on each other , as is demonstrated in high school films such as mean girls .
` one group we studied at a school was .
very dominant and they kept constant surveillance on each other , .
checking they had their socks rolled down in the exact way and that .
their hair was done properly , ' said professor paechter , according to the times .
` there was pressure to be beautiful all the time .
or you were letting the group down .
one of the girls was whispered about .
because her ponytail was n't how it should be , and it took her all day to .
realise what was wrong , then she was mortified .
` girls further .
down the pecking order do n't notice how their socks should be .
grounded : prof carrie paechter , left , says girls should not worry about looks all the time , while girls ' schools association president helen wright , right , said the idea that popular girls were more respected was ' a myth ' ` if you