by .
catherine townsend .
published : .
09:27 est , 7 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:54 est , 7 august 2013 .
a leading happiness researcher has claimed that playful dolphins parents are a better model for parents than take-no-prisoners tigers .
shawn archor .
who teaches at wharton school of business , believes that the dolphin 's combination of sociability .
and playfulness makes kids smarter and happier than criticism , the new york daily news reports .
battle hymn of the tiger mom author amy chan famously advocated no .
tv and no tolerance for grades below ` a ' in her 2011 bestseller .
dolphin dad : happiness lecturer shawn archor believes that encouragement is more crucial to a child 's success than criticism -lrb- posed by models -rrb- .
but mr archor believes that building a positive mental state is the real key to a child 's success .
` most companies and schools follow this formula : if you work harder , you .
will be more successful , and then you will be happy , ' he writes .
` this formula is .
scientifically backward .
' instead , he believes that parents should focus on first building positive psychology for their kids so that success will follow .
celebrity parents : dolphin dads like hugh jackman -lrb- left -rrb- and brad pitt -lrb- right -rrb- seem adopt a relaxed and playful approach rather than rigid rules when out and about with their kids .
his research has been validated by a .
study in the asian american journal of psychology , which showed that a .
tiger parenting profile was associated with lower gpa and less of a sense of family obligation that children who had supportive parents .
happiness researcher : mr archor claims that parents should mimic the playful dolphin .
another study shows that tiger kids also face more academic pressure , more depressive symptoms , and a greater .
sense of alienation .
mr archor believes in making learning fun .
so rather than waiting to reward a kid for finishing his homework , for example , he recommends letting him wear his favorite .
pajamas while he studies .
he also suggests modeling optimism to .
children by aiming for a ratio of five positive interactions to every .
negative one .