thoughts : osama bin laden struggled to command the attention of his far-flung terror network .
osama bin laden urged followers not to ` waste our effort ' with attacks on britain , but to focus exclusively on defeating america .
he plotted to bring down a plane carrying president obama , claiming it would mean the accession of vice-president joe biden , who was ` utterly unprepared ' for the job .
the revelations emerged in a cache of letters and documents recovered from bin laden 's hideout in pakistan and released online yesterday , a year after his death in a raid by us navy seals .
they offer a rare insight into his thinking , with one letter drafted just a week before he died .
bin laden was clear he saw america as his overriding terror target .
` even though we have the chance to attack the british , we should not waste our effort to do so but concentrate on defeating america , which will lead to defeating the others , god willing , ' he wrote .
` any arrow and mine we have should be directed against americans , disregarding all other enemies , including nato , and concentrating on americans only .
' and his prime target was president obama .
bin laden ordered two units to be set up , in pakistan and bagram , afghanistan -- the home of a major us base -- to attack aircraft carrying mr obama and his vice-president .
he clearly wanted gaffe-prone mr biden in the white house and said ` the killing ... would have a serious impact on the course of the war ' because mr obama was ` the man of this phase ' .
he ruled out targeting robert gates , then us defence secretary or admiral mike mullen , then chairman of the us joint chiefs of staff .
but he made it clear mr biden was to remain unharmed , so lowly did he rate the vice-president .
scroll down for videos .
dispatches from bin laden : the report from the combating terrorism center is seen at left , while a copy of one of bin laden 's handwritten notes is pictured at right .
watching : in this undated image from video seized from bin laden 's compound , the al-qaeda chief watches a tv