by .
daily mail reporter .
just days after a relatively unknown tv sports personality gained overnight fame thanks to her provocative primping , rebecca grant has had a mini-meltdown on national television .
the sexy tv host was a guest on fox411 in los angeles to discuss her instant recognition from last weekends ' la clippers game .
out of the blue the former fhm model began shouting at her friend off-camera and broke off from the live television interview .
` stop it !
i 'm sorry .
this is n't live , ' she shouted .
as she continued to look at her friend she rambled incoherently .
` what ?
i already said that .
stop it .
go away .
' scroll down for video ... meltdown : rebecca grant , the former fhm model , yelled at her friend off-camera during a live national television interview .
liability ?
every time she gets in front of a camera , grant seems to make headlines .
whlie she was on camera , ms. grant spoke about how her current fifteen minutes of fame could help her career going forward .
` i 'm hoping that this entire experience makes me verified by twitter because i 've been a sports fanatic for a long time , ' she told fox .
' i support a lot of teams .
i have lots of professional players following me .
they love my tweets .
' ms grant currently has more than 84,000 twitter followers and counting .
she reminded her fans that they can expect to see her at the next clippers game on friday .
' i have almost the exact same seats , ' she said .
` in fact ; i think i should be an employee .
i 'm the biggest clippers fan in all of los angeles .
' nonsense : grant went off on a rambling rant where she talked about how important the number of twitter followers was to her ego .
internet sensation : nfl hostess rebecca grant has become famous after her provocative reactions at an la clippers game were caught on camera .
just making some adjustments : her name is rebecca grant and her list of .
credits includes stints as a host on off-roading , football and hockey .
shows as well as some small