luis enrique has laid down the law to his barcelona players ahead of the new season .
the strict coach has implemented a fines list which will see players punished for things from turning up late to training to arriving home after midnight .
many rules similar to these were in place during pep guardiola 's era at barcelona but were slackened after he left .
video scroll down to watch barcelona sharpen up as england 's women watch on .
my house , my rules : new barcelona boss luis enrique -lrb- left -rrb- has imposed a set guidelines at the club .
getting tough : enrique -lrb- right -rrb- has set these rules to his players as the club look for a trophy-laden season .
best behaviour : barcelona manager enrique has laid down strict disciplinary guidelines for his players .
players must arrive one hour before training begins .
players must not be late for meals with the club .
alcohol is completely prohibited during meals .
players have to be home by midnight in the two days before a game .
declarations from the players must always be respectful .
players must be responsible when using social media like twitter , facebook and instagram .
players must wear official club clothes on club business .
players are prohibited from taking part in dangerous activities , like alpine sports , using motorbikes and diving .
severe acts of misconduct could result in players being expelled from the club .
tata .
martino was renowned for being lax and enrique hopes his disciplinary .
scheme will sharpen up a squad of stars who under-performed last .
season .
the players have already reacted well to the new coach 's arrival , working hard in training to impress enrique .
now they can impress him in another way - not breaking any of the rules which he has imposed .
as reported by catalan newspaper sport , players will be fined between $ 1,000 and $ 6,000 if they break enrique 's laws .
fines .
at the top end of the scale are considered very serious breaches of .
discipline and will then be further punished by at club executive .
level .
a severe act of misconduct could see a player expelled from the club .
it .
is not known if biting another player falls into