by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
19:10 est , 12 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:10 est , 13 march 2013 .
tesco has been forced to pull a line of its own-brand frozen meatloaf from its shelves after tests revealed the product contained up to five per cent horse meat .
the admission last night came less than two weeks after shoppers were reassured that tests on meat products on sale in british supermarkets had been completed .
the supermarket giant apologised to its customers after confirming that packs of its tesco simply roast meatloaf had become the fourth of its products to test positive for horse meat contamination .
scroll down for video .
withdrawn : tests revealed traces of horse meat in packs of tesco 's frozen simply roast meatloaf .
it follows the british retail consortium 's announcement on march 1 that supermarket chains had completed testing on minced beef products , and that the latest round had found no traces of horse dna .
the emergence of the tainted meatloaf at tesco is the latest development in the scandal that began in january , when irish food inspectors announced that traces of horse meat had been discovered in frozen beef burgers being sold at a number of uk supermarkets .
it has since engulfed major stores and brands including asda , burger king , findus and birds eye , and a new survey has revealed the impact of the furore on the nation 's shopping habits .
tesco 's frozen meatloaf is the latest in a string of beef products recalled by uk food firms and supermarkets since the horse meat scandal first hit the headlines in january .
a first wave of tests found horse dna in products including aldi 's special frozen beef lasagne and special frozen spaghetti bolognese , co-op frozen quarter-pounder burgers , findus beef lasagne , rangeland 's catering burger products , and tesco value frozen burgers and value spaghetti bolognese .
a second round revealed contamination of asda 's chilled beef bolognese sauce , beefburgers , minced beef and halal minced beef sold by sodexo , which supplies food to schools , care homes and the armed forces , and a whitbread group lasagne and beefburger .
the third wave revealed contamination of bird 's eye traditional spaghetti bolognese and beef lasagne ,