a cancer doctor treating five-year-old ashya king admitted the only treatment available on the nhs would leave him with life-long disabilities , his parents revealed yesterday .
brett and naghmeh king were told conventional radiotherapy would leave their son with ` special needs ' which could be avoided if he received pioneering treatment abroad .
despite that admission , nhs doctors insisted they would go ahead with normal radiotherapy and threatened to have the horrified couple 's parental rights removed if they questioned the decision , the family said .
scroll down for video .
anguish : brett -lrb- left -rrb- and naghmeh king -lrb- centre -rrb- say a cancer doctor treating their five-year-old son ashya -lrb- right -rrb- admitted to them that the only treatment available on the nhs would leave him with life-long disabilities .
speaking exclusively to the daily mail , mr and mrs king said they were forced to take their desperately ill son on the run across europe to protect him from the devastating side effects of the nhs treatment .
the family 's plight shocked the world when the couple were arrested for child cruelty and thrown in jail while ashya was kept under armed guard , alone in a spanish hospital .
his brothers and sisters were banned from seeing him , and his parents said he was left ` crying like a wounded animal through the night ' in his single bed ward .
now reunited , the family has secured his treatment in a private clinic and say the proton beam therapy -- and their love -- has already produced improvements in his health .
agony : mr and mrs king said they were forced to take their desperately ill son on the run across europe to protect him from the devastating side effects of the nhs treatment .
father : mr king , 51 , -lrb- pictured with his son -rrb- said he asked about proton beam therapy as an alternative several times , but was told it offered no benefits over normal radiotherapy .
in a moving and shocking interview serialised this week in the mail , they tell how : .
· ashya 's initial operation to remove his brain tumour left him ` like a vegetable with his eyes open ' · his parents had to hold his eyelids shut to allow him to sleep .
·