the family of murdered student holly bobo , who went missing three years ago in tennessee , have condemned her killers as soulless - as police say they are hunting more people in connection with her death .
miss bobo , 20 , disappeared from the town of parsons in april 2011 .
police and volunteers scoured the area in a desperate search , but nothing was found until her skull was unearthed on sunday .
the discovery led her family to make an impassioned statement , iterating their loss and rounding on her killers .
scroll down for video .
loss : nursing student holly bobo was seen being led from her tennessee home in april 2011 .
in a statement read by their lawyer , and reported by nbc , her family said : ` we 've lost a precious daughter , sister , granddaughter , niece , cousin and friend .
` however , .
those responsible have lost their souls .
holly 's soul is the one thing .
that their brutality could not diminish or extinguish .
' it was the first time her family have spoken publicly about the loss of miss bobo .
so far four men have been charged over her disappearance - two with her kidnap and murder murder and two more with tampering with evidence .
but yesterday a police spokesman said that even more people could be involved , and that officers were hunting further suspects as investigators continue to comb the area where the skull was found .
new break : police in tennessee used dna tests to determine the human remains belonged to the 20-year-old .
confirmed : the tennessee bureau of investigation said monday night that remains of holly bobo were found on sunday .
in the wake of miss bobo 's disappearance her brother told police that he saw a man dressed in camouflage leading her away into the woods .
she had been preparing to go to class at nursing school on the morning of her disappearance .
the director of the tennessee bureau of investigation -lrb- tbi -rrb- said the bobo investigation has been the most expensive and exhaustive in tbi history , and it 's not over yet .
since she disappeared , the small town of parsons and surrounding areas in west tennessee tried to support the family , putting up