by .
hugo gye .
published : .
06:27 est , 3 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:22 est , 3 september 2013 .
a comedian has become a virtual globetrotter after embarking on a mission to talk to one person from every country in the world .
mark malkoff has managed to contact more than 80 per cent of the world 's nations via skype - including the secretive state of north korea .
now he has channelled his surreal experiences into a youtube video charting a manic three-day computer sessions during which he spent 27 hours talking to people from all corners of the world .
scroll down for video .
mission : comedian mark malkoff has spoken to people in 162 different countries using skype .
virtual tourism : many of those the comedian spoke to showed him local landmarks during their conversation .
global conversation : nearly everyone he spoke to was a total stranger who got in touch via social media .
mr malkoff , who is based in new york and is known for his online videos and television appearances , announced the start of the project on his facebook page earlier this year .
he immediately got a warm response from his 3,600 followers , offering to put him in touch with their friends living in obscure countries around the world .
the 36-year-old was dependent on the generosity of strangers , who were happy to spend 10 minutes talking to a man they 'd never met for the project , designed to celebrate skype 's 10th anniversary .
in the end , he managed to contact 162 different countries - including war-torn states such as afghanistan , iraq , syria and egypt .
watch more of the video on the mark malkoff youtube channel .
striking : mr malkoff was impressed with the futuristic skyline of dubai in the united arab emirates .
playful : mr malkoff connected with people around the world by making funny faces at them .
remote : he even found contacts in troubled countries such as afghanistan , iraq and syria .
' i wanted to show how the world is getting smaller and show how technology is bringing us together , ' he said .
' i put out a call on facebook and twitter to find someone to skype with in every