the humble cabbage could be the key to protecting people from radiation during cancer therapy .
researchers claim a compound derived from cruciferous vegetable - such as cabbage , cauliflower and broccoli - protected rats and mice from lethal doses of radiation .
their study suggests the compound , already shown to be safe for humans , may protect normal tissues during radiation therapy for cancer treatment and prevent or mitigate sickness caused by radiation exposure .
the humble cabbage could be the key to protecting people from radiation during cancer therapy , according to latest research in the u.s. .
the compound - known as dim -lrb- or ,3 ' - diindolylmethane -rrb- - previously has been found to have cancer preventative properties .
the study 's corresponding author doctor eliot rosen , of georgetown lombardi comprehensive cancer centre in the u.s. , said : ` dim has been studied as a cancer prevention agent for years , but this is the first indication that dim can also act as a radiation protector .
' for the study , the researchers irradiated rats with lethal doses of gamma ray radiation .
the animals were then treated with a daily injection of dim for two weeks , starting 10 minutes after the radiation exposure .
their study suggests the compound , already shown to be safe for humans , may protect normal tissues during radiation therapy for cancer treatment and prevent or mitigate sickness caused by radiation exposure .
the dim compound can be derived from cruciferous vegetable such as cabbage , cauliflower and broccoli .
the result was stunning , according to dr rosen , who is a professor of oncology , biochemistry and cell and molecular biology , and radiation medicine .
he said : ` all of the untreated rats died , but well over half of the dim-treated animals remained alive 30 days after the radiation exposure .
' dr rosen added that dim also provided protection whether the first injection was administered 24 hours before or up to 24 hours after radiation exposure .
he said : ` we also showed that dim protects the survival of lethally irradiated mice .
' in addition , irradiated mice treated with dim had less reduction in red blood cells , white blood cells and platelets - side effects often seen in patients undergoing radiation treatment for cancer