by .
john stevens .
a conservative mp has been forced to apologise after he said he would punch a female journalist in the throat and suggested she should be deported .
michael fabricant , the former tory vice chairman , wrote on twitter that he could never have a debate with commentator yasmin alibhai-brown as he would violently lose his temper .
he tweeted : ` i could never appear on a discussion prog with @y - alibhai i would either end up with a brain haemorrhage or by punching her in the throat .
' former vice-chair of the conservative party michael fabricant was sacked after outspoken criticism of the hs2 rail scheme and the maria miller expenses row .
the comment instantly sparked .
widespread anger and he was given a stern warning by party whips who .
ordered him to make a full apology .
but the flamboyant backbencher .
appeared to enjoy the attention , telling news crews who turned up at .
his home after the incident that he ` felt like a star ' .
mrs alibhai-brown , who writes for the daily mail , said the mp could ` stuff ' his apology , which was ` actually making it worse ' .
she called for him to be kicked out of the conservative party if he failed to issue a ` proper ' statement of remorse .
` i think they should withdraw the .
whip or get him to issue a proper statement , ' she said , adding : ` i do n't .
know if you have seen these tweets but if a child did this we would .
never accept these apologies .
he 's not a child .
why is he doing this ?
' mrs alibhai-brown , a muslim who came .
to britain from uganda in 1972 , added that she felt like mr fabricant .
was ` encouraging ' people who have previously threatened violence against .
her .
she said : .
` these guys find us unbearable .
i .
think they still think asian women should be their ayahs , their .
nursemaids , or selling takeaways .
' mr fabricant wrote the controversial .
message after watching mrs alibhai-brown clash with journalist rod .
liddle on channel 4 news .
during a discussion about islam and .
how immigration