by .
tamara cohen , political correspondent .
thousands of british expats are suspected of committing benefit fraud abroad in the past year , costing britain more than # 80m - with spain , pakistan and turkey the top destinations .
an astonishing new league table reveals 7,296 british nationals were accused of fiddling their benefits in the past year in 157 countries and regions worldwide .
the most common cases involved bogus .
claims for pension credit , which was around # 52million , housing benefit .
- # 19million - and income support , which was more than # 10million .
scroll down for video .
britons living abroad cheated the taxpayer out of more than # 80m last year in false benefit claims .
karen trant , 51 , from dartmouth , devon , .
pictured , illegally claimed # 134,000 over 13 .
years while living in goa , india .
top destinations for fraud abroad were spain , pakistan and turkey where more than 1,500 cases were reported in 2013-14 .
the figures from the department of work and pensions show 628 cases of benefit fraud reported in pakistan , 298 in turkey , 282 in india and 246 in the usa .
but the list of suspected fraudsters included such far-flung destinations as madagascar , which had two cases , oman , jamaica , christmas island in the indian ocean and even the vatican -- where one person who was claiming a disability benefit was found on an italian walking holiday .
most popular on the list was spain , home to around a million britons , where 769 cases were investigated over the past year , including a couple who illegally received # 140,000 .
william bunce , 54 , and berwyn jones , 50 , of pontypool in wales who lived in the uk , said they did n't have partners and were unfit for work .
they spent the money living a life of luxury in spain .
earlier this year they were both sentenced to pay back the full amount and sentenced to four months in prison at newport crown court .
more than 769 cases of expat benefit fraudsters were investigated in spain in 2013 , according to the department for work and pensions .
pictured : marbella , spain , which is popular with british expats .
another