this was the terrifying moment a brave young mother battled to keep her beloved horse calm as sea water closed in on the animal after he became trapped in mud ` like quicksand ' .
exhausted and mud-splattered , nicole graham clung to her trapped horse astro for three hours keeping his head high in a race against the tide .
the 78-stone show horse had sunk into quagmire-like mud and was facing the prospect of drowning as the water rose around them .
scroll down to watch video of the rescue .
` like quicksand ' : both miss graham and her horse were stuck up to their waists in the mud as the tide was closing in .
desperation : nicole graham comforts her 18-year-old show horse astro after he gets stuck in coastal mud .
swallowed up : astro was stuck fast and miss graham 's efforts to pull him free only resulted in herself sinking deeper into the quagmire .
miss graham had been out on an .
afternoon ride with her daughter along the coast near geelong , south of .
melbourne , when 18-year-old astro suddenly sank into the mud .
before she could shout a warning , the smaller horse her daughter paris was riding was also partially swallowed up by the mud .
after dragging herself through the mire , miss graham helped her daughter and the other horse on to firmer ground .
however , astro was stuck fast and her efforts to pull him free only resulted in herself sinking deeper into the quagmire .
to the rescue : vet stacey sullivan prepares to sedate astro in a bid to get him out safely .
tidal terror : the brave mother tries to keep the horse calm as rescuers work how out to free the animal .
emotional : miss graham said it was heartbreaking to see her horse so exhausted and struggling .
as paris ran to their car and phoned for help , miss graham stayed at her horse 's side .
she courageously clung on to his neck , terrified that he would not be freed before the tide came in .
after three ` terrifying ' hours , rescuers managed to pull astro and miss graham from the mud .
miss graham , who owns more than 10 horses and runs an equine dentistry business ,