by .
ruth styles .
published : .
05:32 est , 6 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:35 est , 6 september 2013 .
he might have taken the title at wimbledon but andy murray 's luck ran out yesterday after he crashed out of the us open with girlfriend kim sears looking on .
the 25-year-old bit her lip and looked grim-faced as murray lost 6-4 6-3 6-2 to switzerland 's world number nine , stanislas wawrinka .
behind her , murray 's formidable mother judy looked increasingly irate as the match went on and was left holding her head in consternation as the british number one conceded defeat .
glum : kim , who wore a # 199 ted baker dress , looked increasingly concerned as the match drew to a close .
irate : andy 's mother judy looked thoroughly displeased at the result and was covering her eyes by the end .
despite the on-court catastrophe , kim was her usual stylish self in a cream scallop-neck lace dress , the # 199 lucya from ted baker , which she paired with a stylish pair of ray-ban sunglasses .
judy , meanwhile , plumped for a low-key charcoal camisole which she paired with a grey cap and one of her trademark charm bracelets .
kim has made almost as many headlines as her other half this week , thanks to her stellar sense of style .
thrifty kim has developed a reputation .
for making low-cost high street buys look a million dollars and the last seven days have been no exception .
on tuesday , she wore an elegant cobalt blue top and a floral necklace from high street favourite zara , and while on sunday she was seen toting a chic # 329 bag from ted baker .
distraught : andy could n't hide his disappointment at being knocked out of the tournament .
tense : andy lost the match to the swiss player in straight sets .
looking on : virgin supremo richard branson watched the match alongside swimwear model jelena ristic .
not amused : amanda seyfried seemed to enjoy the match but sean connery appeared glum .
although elegant kim was left looking glum , she and judy murray were n't the only famous faces spotted watching the action .
fellow scot sean connery looked grim as he