what could be cuter than a tiny orphaned sea otter ?
a tiny orphaned sea otter that is learning to swim .
the newest resident of chicago 's shedd aquarium , known as pup 681 , has become an instant celebrity , causing internet users the world over to squeal with delight at the sight of her adorable antics .
but it has not been all fun and games for the staff at the aquarium who have been working around the clock to teach the furry critter , who was found abandoned on a california beach in september , how to be a proper otter .
scroll down for videos .
in her natural habitat : pup 681 is taking swimming lessons at shedd aquarium in chicago .
the little tyke still has much to learn about being an otter from experts at the aquarium .
viral : pup 681 has become an instant celebrity , causing internet users the world over to squeal with delight at the sight of her adorable antics .
life is good : the 5-week-old pup is seen here enjoying her time in the pool under the watchful eyes of aquarium staffers .
fur ball : the little orphan weighs under 6lbs and measures 22.6 inches in length .
constant care : pup 681 is currently being nurtured and cared for round the clock .
too hot to handle : otters control their body temperature by jumping into the water .
miss independent : the small sea mammal still has to learn how to groom herself , forage for food and eat on her own .
special diet : the baby otter is fed formula and solid foods like shrimp and chopped clams .
bright future : the plan is to eventually name the pup and have her transferred to the aquarium 's otter nursery .
proud papa : a shedd staffer cuddles pup 681 like a proud dad showing off his newborn .
the aquarium has released a heart-melting video showing staffers giving pup 681 swimming lessons .
in the 4-minute clip , the fluffy mammal is dipped into a small rectangular pool on her back under the watchful eyes of experts .
the video also shows the infant otter being carefully dried with a towel , cuddled and fed from a bottle like a new-born baby .
the abandoned orphan currently weighs under