by .
ted thornhill for mailonline .
and reuters .
a crowd of protesters stormed pakistan 's state television channel , ptv , on monday and took the channel off air , with a news anchor claiming that some working journalists were beaten up .
pakistani soldiers and paramilitary forces entered the headquarters in islamabad and restored order .
protesters led by opposition leaders imran khan , a hero cricket player turned politician , and tahir ul-qadri , a firebrand cleric , have been on the streets for weeks trying to bring down the government of prime minister nawaz sharif .
scroll down for video .
pakistani supporters of canadian cleric tahir ul qadri and cricket-turned politician imran khan shout anti-government slogans after storming the headquarters of the state-owned pakistani television -lrb- ptv -rrb- building .
imran khan addressed his supporters in islamabad during an anti-government march on the same day as hundreds of his backers seized the state broadcaster 's television offices and allegedly beat its journalists .
protests in islamabad turned increasing towards violence today as police clashed with demonstrators .
as street battles erupted one officer who was separated from the main force was attacked with sticks .
pakistani protesters beat the portrait of prime minister nawaz sharif with shoes at the main entry gate of the state television building in islamabad .
sharif , who easily won an election in may last year , has refused to step down .
qadri and khan allege widespread fraud in the country 's may 2013 election , in which sharif 's party won by a landslide .
the demonstrations descended into deadly chaos on saturday , with at least three people killed in clashes with police .
clashes broke out early on monday and the state ptv channel and its english-language ptv world service were taken off the air after protesters stormed its headquarters in islamabad .
` they have stormed the ptv office , ' a news anchor said just before the screen went blank .
` ptv staff performing their journalistic duties are being beaten up .
' a ptv source told reuters the protesters had occupied the main control room and smashed some equipment .
later , television pictures showed uniformed members of a paramilitary force and soldiers walking calmly into the building .
a reuters witness said the soldiers escorted protesters out and placed the