by .
geri peev .
published : .
19:50 est , 25 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:31 est , 26 november 2013 .
bill : danny alexander warned scots could face a tax hit of more than # 1,000 a year if they vote for independence .
scots face an income tax bombshell of more than a # 1000 a year if they break away from the united kingdom , the treasury has warned .
the stark message of the true cost of separation was set out by chief secretary to the treasury , danny alexander , in a letter to scottish first minister alex salmond .
he warned that scotland would have to find an extra # 3 billion a year to plug the black hole in its finances if it became independent .
it would amount to an eight percentage point rise in income tax for basic rate payers , taking their average tax bill up from # 2,517 to # 3,523 - an extra # 20 a week .
only if scotland came up with economic growth that was unseen in europe for half a century could it avoid the tax rise .
the damning finding deals a blow to the scottish government 's attempts to convince scots of the case for independence as it prepares to publish its 600 page white paper making the case for independence today .
but ahead of its publication , former chancellor alistair darling , chairman of the pro-union better together campaign , said : ` if they ignore the cost of independence or claim that a vote by scotland can force other countries into doing what alex salmond wants , it will be a work of fiction .
' last week the institute for fiscal studies -lrb- ifs -rrb- published a report warning the basic rate of income tax in scotland would have to rise from 20p to 28p or make massive public spending cuts .
scotland 's ageing population and the predicted drop in oil revenues could leave it facing spending cuts or tax rises of 1.9 per cent of its national income .
a further analysis of the ifs figures will be issued by the treasury today .
in a letter to the scottish first minister , mr alexander said : ` one week ago the independent institute for fiscal studies -lrb- ifs -rrb-