by .
ap reporter .
published : .
14:57 est , 16 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:52 est , 17 september 2013 .
in a blistering warning to congressional republicans , president obama said monday it would be the ` height of irresponsibility ' for lawmakers to cause a new economic crisis just five years after the near-collapse of the nation 's financial system .
' i can not remember a time when one faction of one party promises economic chaos if it ca n't get 100 percent of what it wants , ' obama said .
some of those republicans say they will vote to extend current spending levels or to increase the nation 's debt ceiling only if obama delays putting in place his health care law , a condition obama has rejected .
others say scheduled spending cuts should stay in place to reduce the deficit , while obama wants the ` sequestration ' cuts reworked .
anniversary : barack obama spoke monday at an event pegged to the fifth anniversary of the collapse of lehmann bros. investment bank , which marked the start of a worldwide economic downturn .
the president spoke at a white house event pegged to the fifth anniversary of the bankruptcy of the lehman brothers investment bank , which marked the beginning of a global financial crisis .
the white house used the anniversary to lay out the president 's markers for upcoming fiscal fights with congress over funding the government and raising the nation 's debt limit .
obama 's remarks came as local and federal authorities dealt with the deadly shootings at the washington navy yard , just a few miles from the white house .
at least 12 people were killed , authorities said .
no drama : obama asked congress to ` pass a budget without drama ' after warning republicans not to interfere with his continued economic recovery efforts .
obama delayed his remarks to allow washington 's mayor and police chief to update the public on the situation .
he pledged to make sure ` whoever carried out this cowardly act is held responsible .
' in the remarks , the president reiterated his refusal to negotiate with republicans over the debt ceiling .
and he called on congress to ` pass a budget without drama .
' the president was flanked