by .
tara brady .
a homeowner has been denied home insurance because of a flood risk despite living 250ft above sea on a hillside .
eric brisley , 85 , whose home overlooks north sands beach in scenic salcombe , devon , could n't believe it when lloyds told him it was too risky to insure his home .
the retired ici worker said it would be impossible for his home to flood because of its height and distance of 750ft from the sea .
eric brisley has been denied home insurance because of a flood risk despite living 250ft above sea on a hillside .
but the company which assesses risk on a postcode basis said all houses in his postcode are a flood risk and has placed a blanket ban on insuring them .
mr brisley , a grandfather of three has lived at the house for 30 years and is already insured with another firm .
but after an unrelated appointment at lloyds bank in kingsbridge , he was offered a quote for insurance on his home .
he said : ' i was quite happy with my present insurer but the assistant said she thought she could do better .
` she put in my particulars into the computer and began to look very worried .
` and went off to make a phone call .
eric brisley couldn ¿ t believe it when lloyds told him it was too risky to insure his home .
the house overlooks north sands beach in scenic salcombe , devon but is 250ft above sea level .
the retired ici worker said it would be impossible for his home to flood because of its height and distance of 750ft from the sea .
` when she came back she said there was something wrong with the system and would phone me when she had sorted it out .
` but she phoned me to say unfortunately as my house was liable to flooding she could n't insure me .
' i was absolutely astonished because i live 250ft above sea level and 750ft from the water - it 's quite ridiculous .
the company which assesses risk on a postcode basis said all houses in his post code are a flood risk and has placed a blanket ban on insuring them .
postcode lottery : mr brisley ,