by .
steve grant , saintsweb .
southampton and england striker rickie .
lambert looks poised to join his boyhood club liverpool , who released .
him as a 15-year-old .
we asked steve grant of fan website saintsweb whether the deal represents good business for the south coast club .
is it any wonder that many clubs appear to not actually be trying to achieve genuine success when the end result is either bankruptcy -lrb- in the case of our near neighbours portsmouth -rrb- or a circling of vultures from the upper echelons of the league eager to stop you in your tracks and acquire the fruits of your own hard labour ?
at the time of writing , of course , not a single player has yet been sold , but the writing appears very much on the wall , and a whole host of talent looks likely to be leaving st mary 's this summer , along with manager mauricio pochettino .
on the move : southampton striker rickie lambert is on the brink of a # 4million move to liverpool .
brazil bound : lambert is currently training with england ahead of the world cup next month .
while the majority of the fans are disappointed with pochettino 's departure to spurs , we also realise that we held a broadly similar outlook when he first arrived on these shores .
what i do n't think any of us were expecting , though , was such a feeding frenzy on the playing squad .
as a club we have always tended to drive a hard bargain when pressured into selling players , even when rupert lowe was chairman , and the one major sale under nicola cortese 's reign -lrb- alex oxlade-chamberlain to arsenal -rrb- was also a deal where everyone believed we 'd done pretty well .
all of this is in stark contrast to what appears to be a done deal to take rickie lambert back to where it all began at liverpool .
lambert , along with adam lallana and morgan schneiderlin , represent the progress we have made as a club from being in the doldrums in league one , and his departure may even hurt more than a home-grown talent like lallana leaving .
he embodies all that is good about our club , and yet whoever is in charge of