by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
10:34 est , 7 august 2012 .
| .
updated : .
11:08 est , 7 august 2012 .
dead : anthony hills , 55 , pictured , died on saturday after being infected with flesh-eating bacteria .
a south carolina man has died just hours after being rushed to hospital with a flesh-eating disease .
anthony hills , 55 , from charleston , passed away on saturday having contracted necrotizing fasciitis - the same disease that savagely struck georgia student aimee copeland and saw all four of her limbs amputated .
hills ' family rushed the man to medical university of south carolina with a swollen arm after he complained of not feeling well .
doctors said the infection started in hills ' right arm and right leg and his condition deteriorated rapidly .
` it 's a lightning strike kind of thing you know , where it just does n't happen that often , ' dr michael kilby , chief of infectious disease at the hospital , told live five news .
` but when it does , it goes sour really fast and needs medical attention really quickly .
' they amputated the affected arm and were considering removing his left leg before he died , according to the tv station .
it is not known how the man contracted the disease .
hills is the third american to die from the rare strain of flesh-eating bacteria this year .
linda snyder , a pastor from sacramento , california , lost her life in june after being infected with necrotizing fasciitis .
flesh-eating : necrotizing fasciitis infects a simple cut or pimple and spreads rapidly potentially leading to the death of the patient -lrb- stock photo -rrb- .
michigan woman crystal spencer , 33 , also died in june after a month-long battle with the vicious disease .
scores of other victims have had often multiple limbs removed in a bid to contain the infection .
in south carolina alone , hospital officials at roper st. francis confirmed an adult male was admitted to the hospital in mid-june with the bacteria but his status is unknown .
in may , new mother , lana kuykendall , .
contracted necrotizing fasciitis in a hospital in upstate south .
carolina , just after delivering her twin babies .
recovering :