by .
sadie whitelocks .
published : .
11:41 est , 22 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
17:51 est , 22 january 2014 .
an instagram fitness star known for her noticeably round derriere , has landed a lucrative sports management deal and is being dubbed the ` next jillian michaels .
' jen selter , 20 , from new york city , has amassed more than two million followers on her social media account , after posting daily poses of herself working out in tight-fitting gym gear - her shapely bottom being the primary focus .
the pretty brunette is now tipped to make a small fortune through product endorsements and public appearances .
book , tv and fitness video projects are also in the pipeline .
scroll down for video .
the squats paid off !
instagram fitness star jen selter , who known for her noticeably round derriere , has landed a lucrative sports management deal and is being dubbed ` the next jillian michaels ' selter signed with the legacy agency , .
which represents baseball stars carl crawford and johan santana , nfl .
players osi umenyiora and reggie bush and sports broadcasters troy .
aikman and dan hicks .
` we believe she can be the next jillian michaels , ' tla agent andrew witlieb told the new york post , even though selter , has no formal fitness training like michaels , 39 , who is a judge on nbc 's the biggest loser .
famous asset : the 20-year-old from new york , has amassed more than two million followers on instagram after posing pictures of her pert behind .
however , witlieb pointed out : ` jillian did n't get to where she is until .
her mid-30s .
jen 's going to grow as a person , as a fitness expert , in .
these next years .
she 's here for the long term .
' asked if selter 's precious rear would be insured like the limbs of other top athletes , witlieb added , ' i have no idea .
' just .
one picture of selter on a workout ball or squatting at the gym can garner .
as many as 80,000 likes , and thousands consider her a fitness .
inspiration .
` i 'm recognized wherever i am , ' selter