the countess of wessex has issued a plea for more people to learn first aid , after a close friend 's daughter saved the life of a stranger on the tube .
honouring britain 's lifesavers at the st john ambulance everyday heroes awards last week , run in association with the mail on sunday , she revealed that first-aid training meant the 19-year-old was able to treat a man who collapsed in front of her at a station .
` she immediately rushed to see if she could help him , checked his breathing and put him in the recovery position .
the countess of wessex is campaigning for more britons to become livesavers and learn first aid .
she is pictured here with tess daly who hosted the st john ambulance everyday heroes awards .
sam herbert saved the life of a man who collapsed in the street .
` then she had to run to find someone to call for an ambulance .
after this she went back to the man and stayed with him until help arrived , ' said sophie , countess of wessex .
` during all this time not one person stopped to offer assistance .
thankfully this girl had received first-aid training so she did all the right things .
` so many people seem to walk on by when something happens ; i think the biggest barrier is that without proper first-aid training we think that we might do more harm than good .
' her call echoes the mail on sunday 's campaign for every schoolchild to be taught first aid .
the awards were presented by tess daly at a star-studded ceremony at the lancaster london hotel .
ceinwen morgans -lrb- left -rrb- picks up the high street .
hero award .
staff at parkland primary school in south wigston , .
leicestershire -lrb- right -rrb- collected the top of the class award .
restaurant team leader ceinwen morgans -lrb- pictured below -rrb- saved the life of 82-year-old john ollerenshaw when he had a sudden cardiac arrest shortly after arriving for a meal .
` i .
watched him collapse and quickly ran over , ' says ceinwen , who had been .
sent on a first-aid course a few months before through her work at the .
princess pavilion in falmouth , cornwall .
` it .
took