landlords will now be able to shop around for the best deals when ordering beer , which could see the price of a pint fall .
britain 's drinkers could see the price of a pint fall in the biggest shake-up of the pub industry in centuries .
mps have voted to scrap the ` beer tie ' under which breweries that rented out pubs to landlords locked them into selling their beer .
the surprise move means landlords will now be able to shop around to get the best deals when ordering beer .
some experts say this could lead to consumers enjoying cheaper pints but pub groups claim it will mean less choice as they will have to close outlets and axe jobs because of lower profits .
shares in enterprise inns , which has 5,500 pubs , fell 19 per cent yesterday , while rivals punch taverns lost the same amount .
almost half of britain 's 50,000 pubs are ` tied houses ' , a controversial deal that forces landlords to pay over the odds for their beer .
research by the campaign for real ale last year showed that tied licensees were paying around # 150 for a keg of fosters lager , which contains 11 gallons , compared with the wholesale price of # 85 .
that 's a difference of 77 per cent , or 73p per pint .
but pub firms claim they rent out their outlets at a discount so that tenants are able to get a foothold into the industry without having to start with large amounts of capital .
some publicans have complained that such deals can be unfair and offer very low salaries , which led to the government suggesting plans for reform in june .
however , official research showed that sweeping changes could lead to pub closures and job losses .
with the sector having already suffered from the smoking ban and cheaper alcohol sold in supermarkets , no change was proposed .
the coalition was then surprised on monday night when a backbench rebellion led to mps voting in favour of an amendment to the small business , enterprise and employment bill , by lib dem mp greg mulholland , that wiped out ` tied ' pubs .
simon townsend , the chief executive of enterprise inns , said the amendment was a ` disproportionate