dragons ' den star duncan bannatyne 's financial director has been arrested as part of a probe into an alleged multi-million pound fraud at the entrepreneur 's business .
christopher paul watson , 45 , one of mr bannatyne 's most trusted directors , was arrested on suspicion of fraud by abuse of position and later bailed .
it came after employees of the bannatyne group , which runs hotels , spas and health centres across the country , alerted police investigating the fraud to a ` serious financial matter .
' the financial director of dragons ' den 's duncan bannatyne -lrb- pictured -rrb- has been arrested on suspicion of defrauding the entrepreneur 's multi-million pound business .
in a ghost-written autobiography , riding the storm , the business mogul said mr watson was among his inner trusted circle and his ` senior team ' .
he describes mr watson as ` fantastic ' , saying that he helped negotiate the company out of a ` tight spot ' during a difficult financial period .
when describing the breakdown of his marriage to his second wife joanne , bannatyne also lists mr watson as one of the people who supported him through ` the most tumultuous two years of my life ' .
the book tells how mr watson helped the entrepreneur assess his options when it came to the divorce settlement .
companies house lists mr watson , a father-of-three , as both secretary and a director of bannatyne fitness limited .
it says he was appointed to the positions in february 2008 and december 2012 respectively .
in his autobiography , bannatyne -lrb- pictured left with the other so-called dragons -rrb- described christopher watson as ` fantastic ' and part of his inner trusted circle .
a spokesman for bannatyne 's company , which is based in darlington , said the investigation does not affect the day-to-day operation of the business .
the company thanked police for their professionalism during the investigation so far .
in a statement , the spokesman for mr bannatyne 's company added : ` the police are investigating a serious financial matter reported to them by the bannatyne group .
` we are grateful for their thoroughness and professionalism .
we have no comment to make except to say that it does not affect the current operation of our successful business .