by .
freya noble .
what started out as a man with a passion for photographing the sea , has now become the entire world for an early-rising and seriously skilled photographer from bondi .
in 1999 eugene tan begun to wake that little bit earlier before his commute into the city to his full-time design job , and took the time to capture the sunrise .
every morning since then uge , as he 's known to nearly 45,000 aquabumps subscribers , has photographed the first light of the day over sydney 's iconic bondi beach .
aquabumps began more than 15 years ago , when eugene tan decided to photograph the sunrise over bondi beach every morning .
uge specialises in underwater photography , and what begun as a hobby has become his entire business .
another of his trademarks is aerial shots , sometimes taken from a remote operated helicopter .
aquabumps has taken uge and his family around the world to shoot in hawaii , fiji , indonesia and italy .
since 1999 uge has sent a daily email with shots of the sunrise over bondi beach to subscribers .
' i believe in the niche .
my niche is underwater and aerial shots of australian beaches , i started doing aerials about five years ago , ' uge told the daily mail australia .
` i 'm looking for interesting light , a lot of action , bright colours .
anything distinctive .
' and distinctive is exactly what uge 's pics are , showing stunning serene waters in some images , while others showcase tumultuous swell and surfers taking on huge barrels and breaks .
most portray incredible light patterns , some are perfectly formed waves against a bright backdrop , while the underwater shots reveal the full power of the sea from a whole new perspective .
intricate and interesting light patterns are prevalent in many of the aquabump photographs .
almost 45,000 people now subscribe to the emails , which arrive in inboxes around the world each weekday .
uge photographs all sorts of swimmers and surfers good and bad and tried to capture what happens down the beach in the early morning .
aerials are a big part of his portfolio , which he started shooting five years ago .
though the images usually feature bright colours , black and white