harmful : making young girls wear pink reinforces gender stereotypes , according to an educational expert .
making girls wear pink is wrong and could harm their future , an education expert has warned .
hannah webster , a spokesman for a private schools ' organisation , said the idea of having blue for a boy and pink for a girl is ` pernicious ' because it leads them towards certain roles regardless of their real identities .
she said : ` there will be those who say that pink and blue colour coding does not matter - that it is just a fact that boys like blue and girls like pink .
they are wrong .
' she added : ` if we designate a particular colour to a gender , it leads us to designate all manner of other things by gender too .
` the result is girls and boys read different kinds of books , play with different kinds of toys , study different subjects , consider different occupations , have different roles within the workplace and family and are ultimately valued differently by society .
` what is pernicious about this is that everyone is then attributed with roles and characteristics regardless of their individual identities and talents .
and this then occurs before a child is even born .
' writing in the magazine attain , produced by the independent association of prep schools , she writes that , at the time of the first world war , the colours were reversed .
according to a 1918 edition of ladies ' home journal , the rule at the time was pink for the boy and blue for the girl .
blue was considered a softer colour which was prettier for girls , and also the colour in which the virgin mary was often depicted .
ms webster , the association 's communications manager , wrote : ` most of us want a society in which people are judged according to their whole identities rather than just their gender .
modern phenomenon : girls clothing is increasingly only available in pink shades - but a century ago , the colour was associated with boys .
` we can only have a hope of this if we stop presuming an array of character traits - starting on the basis of colour preference - go hand in