by .
leesa smith .
it was a fittingly grey and rainy day in melbourne as hundreds of sombre mourners came together to honour the lives of the 38 australians that were killed aboard the mh17 flight in the ukraine on july 17 .
australians paused for a national day of mourning for the victims of the disaster , as dignitaries and victims ' families and friends attended a multi-faith memorial service in melbourne .
the grieving loved ones of those who died placed a sprig of wattle at the altar of the church as a symbol of remembrance for the victims .
scroll down for videos .
prime minister tony abbott gave an emotional speech at the service .
opposition leader bill shorten and his wife chloe arrive at st patrick 's cathedral .
emotions were raw at the service where loved ones added sprigs of wattle to a big wreath .
the parents of australian mh17 victim fatima dyczynski , dr jezy dyczynski -lrb- pictured wearing a t-shirt dedicated to his daughter -rrb- and angela rudhart-dyczynski leave after attending the service .
governor-general sir peter cosgrove wearing a a sprig of wattle on his lapel .
dignitaries at the st patrick 's cathedral service included prime minister tony abbott , governor-general sir peter cosgrove , opposition leader bill shorten , state premiers and leaders from various faiths .
prime minister tony abbott said australia was coming together on thursday to express ` sorrow and solidarity ' for the victims and their loved ones .
` you have not been abandoned and you never will be , ' he said .
he said it was a time to rededicate the nation to supporting the bereaved , obtaining justice for the dead and for their families , and to working for a better world .
` the dead of flight mh17 reflect what 's best in modern australia : doctors who worked with refugees , teachers who worked with indigenous people and children with disabilities , volunteers in our armed forces and with local charities , business innovators and pillars of local communities , young people filled with passion for the life before them , ' he said .
he said hundreds of police and defence personnel were working around the clock to bring home the dead with respect and dignity .
` this is what australians do in times