by .
anthony bond .
published : .
13:08 est , 14 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:12 est , 14 may 2013 .
payout : bus driver david hoggett , 58 , has been awarded # 60,000 after he was unfairly sacked from abellio london ltd after developing diabetes .
a double decker london bus driver who was unfairly sacked from his job after developing diabetes has been awarded almost # 60,000 in damages .
father-of-three david hoggett was fired to make way for ` cheaper polish drivers at half the cost ' , his solicitor claimed after winning the tribunal .
the 58-year-old had worked under abellio london limited - the firm employed to provide drivers for the famous red buses in the city and parts of surrey .
he claimed sick pay when he was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes and took several months to respond to vitamin d medication last summer .
but bosses at abellio sacked him on ` medical grounds of capability ' .
he then sued the company for unfair dismissal and discrimination on the grounds of his disability , an employment tribunal hearing had been told .
mr hoggett successfully won his claim and was awarded # 10,000 in injury to feelings compensation and two years of his salary , almost # 47,000 , bringing the total to # 56,976.55 .
solicitor alex monaco , a senior partner in compromise agreements limited , who dealt with the case , said : ` the unfair and discriminatory dismissal of our long-serving client mr hoggett would have decreased abellio 's wage bill and enabled them to recruit cheaper drivers from abroad .
` mr hoggett was paid # 29,000 , and if these cheaper drivers were being paid # 14,000 or # 15,000 it would be a two for one swap effectively .
` how many other people has this affected who have not stood up for their rights ?
' bus company abellio strongly deny mr monaco 's allegations , which were only made after the case had concluded , that his client was sacked to make way for cheaper foreign drivers .
it was reported last month that the operator flew bosses to poland to recruit 50 new drivers .
bosses at abellio , a subsidiary of the dutch state rail operator , claimed it could not find suitable