a man from birmingham who had swallowed 61 pellets of cocaine to smuggle it into britain from antigua sparked an emergency landing as he nearly died after one of the packs burst inside his stomach .
colmin smith , 48 , was travelling on a virgin atlantic flight from antigua to london gatwick when he fell ill after ingesting what later was discovered to be 239.39 grams of cocaine , worth # 40,000 at street value .
the airbus a330 had just left antigua when smith informed a flight attendant about what had happened and then lost consciousness .
scroll down for video .
emergency landing : the virgin atlantic flight to london gatwick from antigua where colmin smith was travelling was diverted to bermuda 's l.f. wade international airport .
after learning about the situation , the crew took action and informed passengers that the airbus a330 was going to be diverted .
the jet performed an emergency landing at bermuda 's l.f. wade international airport , where medics were waiting to perform emergency surgery .
smith was then rushed to the island 's king edward vii memorial hospital , where a life-saving operation revealed smith had 239.9 grams of cocaine in his stomach .
the drug was said to be 75 per cent pure .
appearing before magistrates on the island smith said : ` after i informed the flight attendant , in my mind i died , i felt the death coming .
` i 've met a lot of nice people here , i must thank god and the crew for saving my life .
' smith admitted one charge of possession of the drug and was fined # 471 .
drug mule : colmin smith had swallowed 239.39 grams of cocaine , worth # 40,000 at street value .
senior magistrate archibald warner told smith he should ` thank his lucky stars ' he was here to face charges rather than dead .
mr warner said : ` i guess you were lucky , there are other technical reasons why you 've been charged with this , but let 's put it down to luck .
` you should thank whoever you worship , or look to , because you are really lucky .
` you did n't come to the first heaven , but you came to bermuda , the second heaven .
'