a baffled couple have been ordered by the council to pull down their garage , driveway and wall - 30 years after planning permission was given .
when janet and barry ashdown bought their home in holderness , east yorkshire in 1986 one of the main attractions was the large extended double garage , which had been recently been built .
but now east riding council claims the extension -- built with a previous council 's planning permission -- is encroaching on a public footpath , even though there is a 4ft wide tarmac strip running past their house .
janet ashdown standing next to the garage and wall that the council are insisting is pulled down .
the problem became apparent when the retired couple , who are looking to rebuild their garage , noticed that the previous owners had n't registered the extension with land registry and decided to apply for ` possessory title ' or squatters ' rights .
their research revealed that planning permission had been given for a change of use for the land from an amenity area to a private garden in 1983 , and plans for a garage extension and driveway were granted the following year .
the ashdowns even have a letter from the former holderness borough council in 1985 , confirming that a boundary wall put up the following year conformed to official specifications .
mrs ashdown , a retired milliner , said : ` there 's never been an objection in 30 years and we ca n't see what they will achieve apart from a bit of extra grass they will have to maintain .
' i do n't know why they want to make an issue of this other than that they can and they have the financial backing to do it .
but it will cost us thousands of pounds -- savings we hoped to put to better use in our retirement .
' the ashdowns even have a letter from the former holderness borough council in 1985 , confirming that a boundary wall put up the following year conformed to official specifications .
on april fool 's day 1996 , the new unitary east riding of yorkshire was established .
the ashdowns live in holderness in the east riding .
villager harry buck , 85 , who has been a councillor for 40 years , said :