by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
08:35 est , 11 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:27 est , 11 november 2013 .
a sequin-clad sarah palin today dismissed suggestions that chris christie could turn around the republican party as she refused to throw her support behind him .
the former alaska governor told the today show she was glad the new jersey governor won at the polls last week - but fell short of embracing him as a potential gop presidential candidate in 2016 .
' i would never put my hope and faith .
in any one individual , ' she said , dodging the question of whether she supported him .
` there is no ronald regan on the scene today .
' scroll down for video .
eye-catching : former alaska governor sarah palin appeared on the today show on monday , wearing a glitzy shirt and bejeweled belt , to talk about obamacare , chris christie and her new book .
christie had an easy victory at the .
polls last week - scoring votes from women and hispanics in a sign he is .
appealing to voters other republicans have historically been unable to .
touch .
of the win , palin added : ` right on !
beats the alternative .
' she has previously attacked christie for his famously outspoken style .
` some people look at him as , `` ah man , he 's a governor who goes rogue '' , ' she previously told fox .
` no , .
he 's got a schtick going there where he 's got a youtube videographer .
following him around , kind of these set-up situations sometimes so he .
can be seen as perhaps a little bit avant-garde and going rogue on .
things .
' palin had also appeared on the today show on monday to slam .
obamacare and said she rejected president obama 's apology over the slow , beleaguered start to the new health plan .
dismissal : she refused to back new jersey governor chris christie as a 2016 .
presidential candidate .
wading in : speaking to matt lauer , she said christie had been better than other candidates in new jersey .
favorite : chris christie is pictured after defeating democratic challenger barbara buono last week .
`