by .
nina golgowski .
published : .
17:16 est , 9 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:32 est , 10 april 2013 .
a ringling bros. and barnum & bailey circus elephant was shot in a drive-by shooting while resting in its pen early tuesday morning .
the 39-year-old asian elephant named carol was standing outside tupelo , mississippi 's bancorpsouth arena around 2am when a single shot was fired into her enclosure , according to police .
` she was shot between her ear and her shoulder , kind of in the base of her neck , ' capt rusty haynes of the topelo police department told mailonline .
` she 's going to be ok .
' scroll down for video .
shooting victim : ringling bros. and barnum & bailey circus elephant , carol , seen here last december , became the victim of a drive-by shooting on tuesday morning in mississippi but is said to be recovering well .
felony offense : the elephant , seen here performing , is believed to have been intentionally shot by a gunman facing him or her with felony charges since asian elephants are endangered .
' i think it was malicious act , ' haynes said of the gunman 's intent , before adding he believes it was out of ` stupidity ' alone .
a security guard at the scene was able to immediately send for help and medical assistance for the elephant .
twenty minutes later she 's said to have been walking around her enclosure eating carrots , kevan kirkpatrick , bancorpsouth arena 's marketing director told the clarion ledger .
an elephant 's skin is an average of 1 inch -lrb- 2.5 cm -rrb- think in most places , while extremely tough .
the type of firearm used was not immediately known .
on tuesday , with police saying the bullet encasing has yet to be removed .
from the animal for analysis .
scene : authorities are looking for a white or silver ford explorer that was seen driving past the scene , pictured , at the time of the attack early tuesday morning -lrb- file photo -rrb- .
survivor : the elephant is said to be doing very well and recovering after her injury , with elephants ' skin typically being up to an inch thick in places -lrb-