the moment a captive polar bear gave birth to two tiny cubs was captured on camera in what is thought to be the first such footage ever taken .
seven-year-old polar bear giovanna gave birth to her twins two days ago in the birthing den at the hellabrunn zoo in munich , germany .
they are the only polar bear cubs to be born in captivity in europe this year and , incredibly , their mother positioned herself in the direct view of cctv cameras set up to record the moment .
mother 's love : seven-year-old polar bear mother .
giovanna snuggles up with her twin cubs after they were born at .
hellabrunn zoo in munich , germany , on monday , the first time such a .
birth has been filmed in colour .
rare moment : the tiny twins are the only polar .
bear cubs to be born in captivity in europe this year and , incredibly , .
their mother positioned herself in the direct view of cctv cameras set .
up to record the moment .
by yesterday both twins were said to be developing well , with their mother taking excellent care of them .
` they are both regularly drinking her milk .
in between they are tumbling around on mum , ' the zoo said in a statement .
giovanna gave birth to the first of the pair at 8.39 am on monday following a short labour .
minutes earlier she had been biting her front paw to counteract the pain of contractions , before the eight-inch-long cub slid out .
the infant cub was hairless , smeared in blood , blind and deaf .
less than a quarter of an hour later , following another contraction that spurred giovanna to shake and push her back legs forcefully against the wall , a thin arm , small head and then another arm of another cub came into view .
however , giovanna was so busy with her first born that she did n't immediately realise that she 'd even given birth to a second baby for another 20 minutes .
after finally noticing the tiny second cub she turned her head and picks it up carefully in her mouth before laying it on her leg next to its older sibling to suckle .
colour footage from surveillance cameras captured both