lionel messi 's brilliant nutmeg on james milner left the manchester city midfielder on his backside , pep guardiola covering his face and twitter reacting to the barcelona star 's masterclass .
it was messi 's second nutmeg of the match , having already inflicted the same embarrassment on fernandinho after the argentina captain 's assist created the game 's only goal for ivan rakitic .
` i 've got my legs closed up here , ' said sky sports commentator gary neville , who labelled the milner nutmeg ` barbaric ' and was among those admiring the tutorial from the world 's best footballer .
james milner approaches barcelona star lionel messi during their champions league tie on wednesday .
messi slips the ball through manchester city midfielder milner 's legs at the nou camp .
milner slides as messi nutmegs him and goes the opposite way during their champions league match .
milner is left on his backside as messi runs away from the england international with the ball .
former barcelona manager pep guardiola reacts to the nutmeg in the stands at the nou camp .
bayern munich manager guardiola reacts to the ridiculous skill from messi during the barca match .
match of the day presenter gary lineker settled the argument of who 's better between the barcelona star and real madrid 's cristiano ronaldo .
` messi is indisputably the greatest player ever to don a pair of football boots .
do n't even attempt to argue the point , ' he tweeted .
manchester united 's ashley young simply wrote ` messi wow ' , while queens park rangers striker charlie austin added : ` pep 's reaction says it all .
' he was referring to former barcelona boss pep guardiola , sitting in the stands in awe , covering his eyes .
liverpool defender jose enrique tweeted : ` if messi played against city on his own , he would still win the game .
-lsb- he -rsb- is amazing .
best in the world when he wants .
' stoke city goalkeeper jack butland echoed commentator neville by ` watching the game with my legs closed ' and dutch manager ruud gullit added : ` omg .
messi made milner famous .
' then there was andre schurrle who simply wrote ` again and again and again ... ' while darts