by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
01:11 est , 6 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:24 est , 6 august 2013 .
hypocrite ?
rob zombie and his wife sheri have complained to connecticut town officials that a skate park is too noisy .
hard rocker rob zombie , 48 , has been forced to issue a statement saying he is not anti-children after complaining about a ` noisy ' skate park near his connecticut home .
in a move widely condemned as ` hypocritical ' , zombie 's wife sheri told an annual town meeting the pair considered the hollow park skatepark - used mainly by young boys - to be ' a significant noise pollutant .
' zombie is a heavy metal performer known for high-decibel songs including ` scum of the earth ' and ` living dead girl ' .
at last month 's litchfield county town .
budget meeting , sheri told officials the .
` obnoxious ' noise had reduced the quality of life for about four families .
nearby , according to minutes published by gawker .
` there are only three of four homes .
affected by it , but now that summer 's here and the windows are open , i .
hear it inside my house , which is the further point away from the park .
and there 's something that has got to be done , ' she said .
however the park 's founders say the kid-friendly .
hangout has already had its .
hours cut back because of the zombies .
it prompted young skaters to create their own youtube video calling for more funding for the park .
` we petitioned and raised funds for .
two years to get the skate park built in woodbury , ' park co-founder amanda klimak told gawker .
` it is now in full operation and the .
kids are loving it , however , now the hours have been cut significantly .
to keep a very famous neighbor happy .
' scroll down for video .
rob zombie wants this ` noisy ' skate park moved because it annoys about four families .
the park 's founders say the park 's hours are very restricted following previous complaints made by the zombies .
nbc noted the irony of the noise complaint coming