by .
associated press .
published : .
21:42 est , 24 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
21:42 est , 24 november 2013 .
hannah wise learned at a young age that the u.s. court system can work in her favor .
the 10-year-old was reunited with her poodle named mystery on friday after suing her mom 's ex-boyfriend mitchell rechter for keeping the dog when the couple broke up .
' i started crying , ' hannah told the detroit news .
` it 's amazing .
right now he 's snuggling with me .
' girl 's best friend : ten-year-old hannah wise was reunited with her beloved poodle mystery on friday after suing her mom 's ex-boyfriend for custody .
the dog was returned to hannah 's mom adrienne lenhoff on friday afternoon .
hannah was told she might get the dog back that day but was still surprised when she saw the dog in her house after school .
` mystery greeted her at the door when she walked in , and she burst into tears , ' ms lenhoff told the detroit free press .
hannah says it was was ` one of the happiest days of my life ' .
but the lawsuit against rechter is n't over .
ms lenhoff is suing him for $ 54,000 following a nasty break-up .
ms lenhoff and her daughter moved out of his house last spring after coming home to find him ` having relations with someone adrienne later learned was a convicted felon ' .
lenhoff says she also fronted money to renovate rechter 's condo and take trips together , which is incorporated into the $ 54,000 lawsuit .
the break-up : hannah and her mom adrienne lenhoff moved out of mitchell rechter 's condo when they found him cheating .
he agreed to take care of mystery while they looked for a new place .
split : ms lenhoff is also asking for some of her other possessions to be returned to her including jewelry , accessories , golf shoes , ugg boots and a cuisinart toaster .
she also wants compensation for moving and storage costs , the cost of her jewish marriage contract from her first marriage , that rechter ripped up , and other items he has refused to return including jewelry , accessories , golf shoes