by .
nick pisa .
last updated at 11:40 am on 8th september 2011 .
amanda knox is likely to be freed , according to one of the lawyers opposing her murder appeal .
a prosecutor in the amanda knox appeal case has said ` an ill wind is blowing ' as she predicted the american would be acquitted of the murder of meredith kercher .
manuela comodi , who is one of two prosecutors involved in the appeal of knox against her conviction for the murder of student meredith , 21 , said she was convinced the american would be freed .
comodi made her comments just hours before the appeal hearing resumed today , with prosecutors and defence lawyers again contesting crucial dna evidence .
hopeful : amanda knox , seen here at her appeal hearing in perugia , is another step closer to freedom after a judge 's ruling today .
knox , 24 , is serving 26 years for the murder of meredith , 21 , who was found with her throat slashed and semi naked in the bedroom of the house she shared with her and two other women in november 2007 .
her former boyfriend raffaele sollecito , 27 , was also convicted of murdering and sexually assaulting meredith and he is serving 25 years with both claiming they had nothing to do with the killing .
miss comodi said : ` there is an ill wind blowing in this case .
` the judge and his assistant are clearly against us .
i can see both knox and sollecito being freed which will be a shame as they are both involved .
' knox is led into court in perugia by a police officer as her appeal hearing comes towards its conclusion .
the prosecutor spoke as the judge in the case denied her a further re-examination of forensic evidence .
an earlier review had cast doubt on dna findings used by the prosecution .
key to the case is a 30cm kitchen knife found at sollecito 's apartment , on which dna from knox was on the handle and that of meredith was discovered on the blade .
however the independent report by carla vecchiotti and stefano conte of rome 's la sapeinza university has questioned the reliability of the findings by forensic scientists .
although they do not doubt knox 's