this is the stunning optical illusion that appears to make a building at one of london 's busiest tourist districts hover in mid-air .
to passers-by , it looks as though a section of the historic market building in covent garden has broken free from its foundations and is floating unaided , high above them .
but in reality , the display , which imitates the architecture in the area , is a complicated piece of technical wizardry which took months to create .
scroll down for video .
the installation , named take my lightning but do n't steal my thunder , was created by the artist alex chinneck -lrb- pictured -rrb- , who is well known for creating optical illusions .
mind-bending : a passing couple peer inside the building which appears to be torn apart with one half suspended in mid-air with no support .
technical wizardry : the stunning artwork replicates covent garden 's historic market building perfectly but makes it appear if it has broken free of its foundations .
imitation : construction workers in harnesses can be seen balancing precariously inside the perfect replica of covent garden 's market building as it is lowered by cranes .
the installation is lowered into covent garden by a large crane and right , artist alex chinneck wears a hard hat and hi-vis vest as he oversees work on the project .
careful : a worker perches on a thin piece of scaffolding used as a frame for the installation before it is is lowered by a crane .
awe : a woman stops to take a picture of the optical illusion as others walk through the artwork in between pillars which appear to have broken apart .
illusion : a woman looks up at the top section of the building in london 's covent garden as it appears to hover unaided above its foundations , its walls seemingly ripped apart through the middle .
a man walks under the top section of the building as it appears to hover unaided in mid-air while a woman examines the optical illusion from further away .
to passers-by it seems as though the building has been torn off and is levitating with a large gap between the broken ` stone ' walls , pillars and doors .
the installation , named take my lightning but do n't steal my