by .
sarah griffiths .
published : .
13:10 est , 24 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:22 est , 25 september 2013 .
it 's not just humans who get carried away in preparing a meal that is far too large for them to enjoy .
a greedy toad found deep in the peruvian rainforest tried to swallow a hapless bat whole but only succeeded in making itself look like a bizarre mutant animal as it failed to eat its super-sized meal .
a quick-witted ranger captured the macabre but comic scene , which saw both animals suffer some discomfort but survive .
a greedy toad found deep in the peruvian rainforest tried to swallow a hapless bat whole but only succeeded in making itself look like a bizarre mutant animal as it failed to eat its super-sized meal .
a quick-witted ranger captured the comic scene , which saw both animals suffer some discomfort but survive .
the cane toad is a large , terrestrial amphibian that is native to central and south america , but has been introduced to various islands throughout oceania and the caribbean .
the cane toad is a prolific breeder - females lay single-clump spawns with thousands of eggs .
its reproductive success is partly because of opportunistic feeding as the toad has a diet of both dead and living matter .
adults average 10 to 15 cm in length but the largest recorded specimen weighed 2.65 kg and measured 38 cm long .
the cane toad is an old species and a fossil toad dating from the late miocene of colombia is indistinguishable from modern cane toads from northern south america .
the species has poison glands and the tadpoles are highly toxic to most animals if ingested .
the cane toad is now considered a pest and an invasive species in some of the regions it was introduced into as a method of pest control .
park ranger yufani olaya spotted the strange behaviour in the cerros de amotape national park , the rainforest expeditions blog reported .
he said the cane toad was sitting on the ground with its mouth open as it optimistically waited for its lunch to appear and seemed to get lucky as a low-flying bat entered its area .
experts believe bats fly close to the ground despite the rick of predators to