google wallet says it has changed its policy when storing users ' funds as they will now be federally-insured -lrb- file photo -rrb- .
for those who use google wallet , their money just became safer with federal-level insurance .
google confirmed to yahoo finance in a statement that its current policy changed - meaning the company will store the balances for users of the mobile transfer service -lrb- similar to paypal and venmo -rrb- in multiple federally-insured banking institutions .
this is good news for people who place large amounts of money in their wallet balance because the federal deposit insurance corporation insures funds for banking institutions up to $ 250,000 .
currently , google 's user agreement says funds are not protected by the fdic .
however , a google spokesperson told yahoo finance that the current policy has changed .
the policy states that ` funds held by google payment corp. or its service providers -lrb- including any bank service providers -rrb- in connection with the processing of payment transactions are not deposit obligations of buyer , and are not insured for the benefit of buyer by the federal deposit insurance corporation or any other governmental agency ' , according to 9to5 .
as a non-banking institution , google wallet , along with paypal and venmo , is not legally required to be federally insured .
but with the new change to its policy , funds in wallet balance are protected if anything were to happen to the company like bankruptcy .
for example , for those who use mobile payment services where funds are not fdic insured , if a company files for bankruptcy , the user would become their creditor and would be required to go through bankruptcy court to get their money back .
but for users with fdic insurance , they would receive their money from the government in a matter of days , according to yahoo finance .
details on when google wallet 's user agreement will be updated were not provided .
how google wallet works : .
google wallet , launched in 2011 , stores credit and debit card information , and lets shoppers pay for goods by tapping their phones against special terminals at store checkout counters .
it works with any debit or credit card , on every mobile carrier .
the service allows users to send money