by .
peter allen in paris .
published : .
07:14 est , 20 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
08:49 est , 20 september 2012 .
french first lady valerie trierweiler is at the centre of another furious debate about her role after it was revealed she may be about to host her own tv show .
the 47-year-old lover of president francois hollande is regularly accused of a conflict of interest because she remains on the staff of the glossy celebrity magazine paris match .
ms trierweiler has her own office and staff at the elysee palace , with critics suggesting that she should choose between being the partner of a head-of-state and a journalist .
job offer : valerie trierweiler -lrb- pictured here with her lover , france 's president francois hollande , right , during a visit to the louvre in paris on wednesday -rrb- has been offered a role presenting a programme on french tv .
power : ms trierweiler -lrb- right -rrb- has been accused of having a conflict of interest as first lady to president hollande -lrb- left -rrb- because of her job as a journalist .
commentators now fear a new role in tv will give her even more influence .
influence : ms trierweiler -lrb- pictured here on the right with culture minister aurelie filippetti -rrb- was at the louvre to attend the opening of new galleries for the department of islamic arts .
but today canal plus confirmed ` informal contact ' with ms trierweiler to discuss hosting a cultural programme every two months .
she has tv experience , having worked on a similar saturday programme on direct 8 in the past .
one of her earliest assignments , in 1992 , involved securing an exclusive interview with segolene royal , a minister and mr hollande 's then girlfriend , after she had given birth to the couple 's daughter .
the interview , broadcast from a hospital , was later found to have been set up by mr hollande , to the annoyance of ms royal , who was too tired and drugged-up to complain .
now ms royal and ms trierweiler are even more bitter enemies , after ms trierweiler sent an infamous tweet supporting one of ms royal 's political rivals to win a parliamentary seat .
ms royal went on to lose the