three republican lawmakers - house speaker john boehner , florida sen. marco rubio and florida rep. ileana ros-lehtinen - are bringing cuban dissidents as their guests to the state of the union tonight as a symbol of their opposition to president barack obama 's new cuba policy .
boehner will host jorge ` antúnez ' luis garcía pérez , a former political prisoner of fidel castro who the ohio republican 's office says was imprisoned for 17 years for denouncing the then-cuban president 's ` oppressive ' regime , and his wife , yris tamara pérez aguilera , founder of the rosa parks feminine civic rights movement .
pérez and aguilera are ` leading the fight for freedom and human rights in cuba ' against the raul castro regime , boehner 's office said in a statement .
jorge ` antúnez ' luis garcia perez , left , and his wife yris tamara pérez aguilera , right , are human rights and democracy activists in cuba .
antúnez was jailed for 17 years from 1990 to 2007 in cuba under the raul castro regime .
house speaker john boehner is bringing both perez and his wife to the state of the union tonight as his guests .
rosa maria paya is pictured here in 2013 .
she is the daughter of the late cuban activist oswaldo payá .
her father died in a car accident in cuba in 2012 that the driver of the vehicle alleges was no accident at all was instead the work of the cuban government .
florida sen. marco rubio is bringing her to tonight 's speech .
rubio said monday that he had invited rosa maría payá , daughter of the late cuban activist oswaldo payá .
paya 's father died in a car accident in cuba in 2012 that the driver of the vehicle alleges was no accident at all was instead the work of the cuban government .
` for years , oswaldo payá courageously traveled throughout cuba collecting tens of thousands of signatures from ordinary cubans on a petition that came to be known as the varela project , which sought a peaceful democratic transition .
all oswaldo payá wanted was a better future for cuba and the cuban people , and the castro regime assassinated him for it , ' rubio said in a statement .
` since her father 's