brad pitt suffered a hit to the face by a ukrainian serial prankster on the red carpet last night .
the actor was attending the los angeles premiere of partner angelina jolie 's new film maleficent when vitalii sediuk jumped over a crowd barrier and struck him , breaking the star 's sunglasses .
security instantly intervened as a violent scuffle broke out outside the el capitan theatre and sediuk was dragged to the floor and arrested .
an emergency restraining order has been issued against sediuk as it is now being reported that he broke the glasses that pitt was wearing to the wednesday evening premiere .
scroll down for video .
attacked : brad pitt , right , looks shocked after a man attacked him on the red carpet at maleficent .
surprise attack : the ukranian reporter can be seen being arrested , left , while brad is shielded by his security , right .
shocked : brad was attacked despite the presence of his large array of security officers .
tmz reports that sediuk struck pitt in the face and ` destroyed ' the sunglasses he was wearing .
in the footage from the scene , pitt is seen wearing sunglasses when the gate crasher lunges at him , and pitt bends down amid the scuffle .
moments later when security guards step in , pitt re-emerges without the glasses on his face .
pitt , 50 , who took the unusual step of attending the premiere with his five of his children , is understood not to have been seriously injured in the altercation .
that has n't stopped a judge from taking legal precautions , however , as sediuk has been ordered to stay at least 500 feet away from pitt for the next five days .
the actor was not standing near jolie when the attack happened - she was in another section greeting her fans .
pitt was signing autographs when sediuk , 25 , rushed past barriers and hit him in the face .
whether exactly this kind of attack had been the intention or not , is not clear .
violent scuffle : sediuk was wrestled to the ground by security , nearly losing his trousers in the process .
los angeles police department spokesman gus villanueva said pitt was not seriously hurt and authorities quickly subdued sediuk , who