if you ever need proof that a healthy lifestyle can give you the body of your dreams , just take a look at rosie huntington-whiteley 's latest lingerie campaign snaps .
the supermodel , who follows a strict clean and lean diet , showcases her super toned body in new imagery to promote her lingerie range for autograph at m&s .
the 27-year-old models her new summer sleepwear collection , which is full of mix and match pieces featuring sophisticated hues of slate blue and silver with colour pops of peach and floral prints .
rosie huntington-whiteley , who follows a strict clean and lean diet , showcases her super toned body in new imagery to promote her lingerie range for autograph at m&s .
rosie for autograph beau silk lingerie set .
buy at marks & spencer .
visit site .
well this made us put our bacon roll down .
gulp .
putting her perfectly sculpted physique on display in a lingerie set from her coveted collection for marks & spencer , we do n't know what we want more -- the body or the underwear .
one thing we can acquire a lot easier is the underwear , which will only involve a few clicks and skips out on the intensive cardio exercise and organic diet bit .
wearing a blue satin and white lace trim bra and knickers from the new collection , rosie oozed old hollywood vibes in the retro inspired set , and our knicker drawers are calling for it .
beautiful lingerie will never go amiss in a woman 's wardrobe and this stunning two piece will set certain pulses racing without a doubt .
so make it yours with a click to the right now , or have gander at the style edit below to check out its competition on the virtual high street .
bra-illiant idea !
topshop satin and lace balconette bra .
visit site .
topshop satin and lace mini knickers .
visit site .
betsey johnson starlet bra at nordstrom .
visit site .
dkny intimates signature lace bra at zappos .
visit site .
rosie says she was inspired by all things oriental and she also incorporated the vintage glamour trend she does so well each season .
the devon-born model 's latest pieces , featuring pure silk and french designed lace detailing , have been designed