by .
mail on sunday reporter .
published : .
17:00 est , 15 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
16:35 est , 17 december 2012 .
the mail on sunday 's campaign to end the scandal of bogus whiplash claims ended in victory last week , as the government announced a tough crackdown on motorists who fake or exaggerate their injuries .
justice secretary chris grayling announced that independent medical panels would soon assess the validity of cases -- and that it would become easier for insurers to challenge claims in court .
the reforms follow a series of mail on sunday reports exposing the activities of britain 's 5,300 claims management companies , showing how they refer car-crash victims to no-win , no-fee law firms in exchange for cash .
getting tough : the government plans to crack down on motorists who exagerate or invent whiplash injuries -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
dodgy : how the mos has highlighted the scandal .
we also revealed that more than 700 such firms been shut down by the government for malpractice .
there has been a 60 per cent rise in personal injury claims related to road accidents since 2006 , despite a 20 per cent reduction in reported collisions .
experts estimate that there are 1,500 whiplash claims every day , costing # 2 billion a year and adding about # 90 to every motor insurance policy .
mr grayling said honest drivers had been paying for a system open to abuse by fraudsters .
` we are proposing action to support effective whiplash diagnosis by medical experts and to simplify procedures that will help to bring speculative or fraudulent claims before a judge , ' he said .
the association of personal injury lawyers criticised the proposals , saying they would ` cripple access to justice for vulnerable people ' .
increase : there has been a 60 per cent rise in personal injury claims relating to road accidents since 2006 -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
but a spokesman for the association of british insurers said : ` for too long , whiplash has been seen as the `` fraud of choice '' .
` more effective diagnosis of whiplash will help genuine claimants get paid out quickly and reduce the scope for fraud , so helping to ensure that honest motorists do not end up