by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
11:29 est , 2 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:18 est , 3 september 2013 .
a former principal is being sued after allegedly beating a five-year-old elementary school pupil with a paddle , leaving him badly bruised and terrified to return to classes , it emerged today .
elizabeth boyd , ex-principal of the sunbright elementary school in tennessee , is being sued for $ 1.7 million by parents sandra hall and jason williams over the treatment of their son lukas last year .
the couple said that although they had given verbal permission for their son to be gently swatted if he misbehaved , they claim dr boyd hit the boy eight times with a paddle because he had thrown some crayons .
scroll down for video .
paddled : lukas hall was repeatedly hit with a paddle last year at his tennessee elementary school when he was just five years old , his parents claim in a lawsuit .
out of school : dr elizabeth boyd has been charged with charged with child abuse and has been suspended indefinitely .
the child is now taught at home after the incident at the school in rural morgan county left him terrified , the parents claimed .
ms hall told wvlt : ` my child was n't spanked .
he was beaten .
' dr boyd was suspended for the paddling in august 2012 and has since been charged with child abuse and neglect .
she is out on bond but was removed indefinitely from her teaching role on august 31 .
the educator had been moved to an assistant principal role at central middle school , sparking protests among parents there .
corporal punishment is legal in tennessee schools with each district allowed to decide its own specific guidelines .
morgan country school officials have said that they will now look again at the guidelines on discipline following the incident .
` abuse ' : the boy 's mother holds up a picture of his bruising after he was paddled by the school principal .
compensation claim : lukas ' mother sandra hall is suing her son 's former principal and the school district for $ 1.7 million .