by .
hugo gye .
published : .
11:06 est , 2 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:52 est , 2 october 2013 .
for oil workers confined to a boat for weeks at a time , it can be hard to fill the long hours spent far away from friends and family .
but one creative contractor put his free time to good use - marshalling all his colleagues together to create this epic karaoke video .
the hilarious clip features dozens of workers miming along to the 1980s hit africa , by toto , with the ship 's equipment standing in for musical instruments .
hilarious : a group of oil workers have teamed up to create a karaoke video to the tune of africa by toto .
creative : the ` musicians ' used objects found on board such as barrels to stand in for musical instruments .
jokey : percussion instruments used in the youtube clip included metal fixtures on the ship .
the video was the brainchild of darren flynn , a british remote-vehicle pilot based on board the bourbon peridot in equatorial guinea .
he frequently films everyday life on the boat to give his friends and family an idea of how he spends his time at work - but recently decided to take on a more ambitious project .
the 33-year-old and his co-workers from subsea 7 , a marine services firm , decided to make a music video set to the song africa , in homage to the continent where they work .
' a couple of other guys on the boat thought it was good so they also wanted in , ' mr flynn told mailonline .
` as the thing progress , more and more people wanted in , from the captain to the company representative - the rest is history !
' epic : the video took four weeks to make , with the workers getting together in their time off .
thrifty : a row of spanners was used to fill in for the xylophone section of the 1982 hit .
the finished video opens with the song 's african-influenced intro , which is mimed by workers with oil canisters standing in for drums , spanners for the xylophone and bottles of bug spray for the synthesizer .
once the vocals come in , the