by .
sara malm and hayley o'keeffe .
published : .
12:07 est , 4 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:01 est , 4 october 2013 .
after global success on twitter pope francis is spreading his social media net even wider , by setting up an instagram account .
the pope has racked up more than 3milion followers on twitter , and now hopes to offer inspiration to even more people on his pope francis profile .
since news of pope francis ' profile hit the headlines his number of instagram followers has shot up , and currently stands at 5417 .
pope-ular : pope francis ' instagram page already has over 5,400 followers and features photographs of his holiness greeting children and intimate prayer shots .
the vatican itself is also on the instagram site and its @newsva feed has around 1,700 followers .
posts on the feed include shots of the vatican itself , and crowds waiting to see the pope .
but although some may be looking forward to some rhianna - style ` selfies ' the pope is said to want to offer ` inspiration rather than revelation ' .
the news comes as the pontiff visited the italian hillside town of assisi to pray at the shrine of saint francis , whose name he took when he was elected to be pope .
as he visited his namesake 's hometown , he urged the faithful to follow the example of the 13th-century sait , who renounced a wealthy , dissolute lifestyle to embrace a life of poverty and service to the poor .
pope francis ' first stop in assisi was to an institute that cares for gravely disabled children , where he took the time to kiss each child , saying their ` scars need to be recognized and listened to .
' holy welcome : pope francis waves to the faithful as he leaves after the mass .
he has called for people to pay for those killed in the lampedusa boat sinking .
walk on the wild side : pope francis ' visit to assisi , the home town of the famous animal-loving st francis of assisi coincided with world animal day .
mass mass : pope francis held mass at the sacro convento and saint francis basilica in assisi , where he called for an end to