by .
daily mail reporter .
mothers spend an average of # 87 to make sure they look their best at the school gates - with many citing tv host holly willoughby as their inspiration .
as the summer holidays end , there 's only one group putting maximum effort into looking immaculate for the first day back at school -- and it is n't the children .
mothers spend an average of # 87 to make sure they look their best at the school gates , figures out yesterday reveal .
when many children return to class on monday , mums will have spent a collective # 658million on clothes , jewellery and beauty treatments as one in five of them admits they feel under pressure to look glamorous on the school run .
one in six plans their outfit at least a week in advance , research by discount website vouchercodes.co.uk shows .
some 8 per cent also get their hair and nails done and even have their fake tan topped up in order to dazzle at the school gate , spending an average of # 25.88 on spa treatments .
and 7 per cent admit they make an effort due to their crush on the teacher -- with 4 per cent of single mums seeing the drop-off as a chance to find love .
of the 1,000 mums polled , most cited tv host holly willoughby as their inspiration for school run style , with singer myleene klass in second place .
one in seven will fork out for a completely new ensemble , with more than one in four admitting they spend time on their appearance to avoid embarrassing their child in front of classmates .
mothers in london spend the most , splashing out an average # 136.10 on looking perfect .
other school gate models included elle mcpherson , tess daly , jools oliver and stella mccartney .
anita naik , consumer editor at vouchercodes.co.uk , said : ` competitive mums put a lot of effort into making sure their children are seen to have and be the best .
` but our research shows they put the same pressures on themselves - making sure they look trendy to impress their child 's classmates and teachers and the other parents .
singer myleene klass -lrb- left -rrb- was in second place for the second