peerless champion jockey ap mccoy described the final day of his record-breaking career as ` the hardest day ' of his life as he left sandown on saturday night and headed into retirement .
and he also predicted someone will ultimately break his multitude of records .
mccoy said : ` someone will break my records .
all records are broken .
i just hope i am dead when they do .
' mccoy , the iron-man of jump racing , shed tears as he paraded in front of the grandstand after finishing third on box office in the bet365 handicap hurdle , his last-ever ride .
ap mccoy was reduced to tears as he competed as a professional jockey for the last-ever time on saturday .
an emotional mccoy could n't contain his emotions as he waved to the crowd after his last race .
after finishing third on box office in last-ever race , mccoy was reduced to tears at sandown park .
the retiring jocket was overcome with emotion after coming third on box office .
mccoy had much to celebrate on saturday despite his third-place finish in the bet365 handicap hurdle .
princess anne , a renown horseman herself , told the racing post newspaper : ' i can only add my admiration to the epitome of a professional sportsman .
admiration that is heightened by my own , all too brief , experience of national hunt racing .
` to win 20 championships is an exceptional achievement , perhaps unmatched in any other sporting discipline , and he has done it in a tough , exhilarating and often dangerous sport .
he has been a credit to horseracing and he goes out still at the top of his profession .
' arsene wenger , manager of mccoy 's beloved arsenal , told channel four 's the morning line : ' i would like to congratulate you for your outstanding career .
it 's absolutely exceptional what you have done .
at arsenal , we are inspired by that kind of dedication and quality and consistency you have shown in your career .
' sebastian coe , double olympic champion and organiser of the 2012 olympics , said : ` great is an overused word in sport - get a couple of england caps and you 're suddenly a great player .
genius is probably a