lutz pfannenstiel is the ultimate journeyman .
and so much more .
the globetrotting goalkeeper played more than 400 games for 25 clubs across six continents , turned down bayern munich and signed for the crazy gang .
he also spent 101 days in a brutal jail after being wrongly charged with match-fixing and was declared dead three times while playing in the non-league .
video scroll down to watch lutz pfannenstiel flaunting his skills with a square ball .
lutz pfannenstiel played for 25 clubs and enjoyed a stint as cuba 's goalkeeping coach in 2008 .
pfannenstiel has enjoyed a truly unique career and hopes to stage a star-studded charity friendly in antartica .
pfannenstiel attends the frankfurt book fair in 2013 and participates in a discussion forum .
it all began in conventional enough fashion , with pfannenstiel tipped for big things after representing germany at under 17 level .
but after declining the offer to sit behind oliver kahn in the bayern pecking order , the youngster was grabbed by the wanderlust and left bad kotzing to head to malaysia in 1993 .
the next year the premier league came calling .
but the seasoned pros at joe kinnear 's wimbledon were never going to go easy on the teutonic new boy .
` two or three days after i arrived we went for a run in a park and suddenly someone gave some command , they grabbed me and got me undressed so i was completely naked in november in the freezing cold , ' he said .
` they took all my clothes and my shoes and just left .
i was lying in a ditch and was n't sure what to do , then i had to run for three miles back with nothing on in front of loads of ladies walking their dogs .
it 's funny now but it was n't funny at the time , ' he told the bbc .
pfannenstiel failed to make the first team and moved to nottingham forest a year later , where he once again did not make an appearance .
pfannenstiel , who wrote a book called the unstoppable keeper , has enjoyed a remarkable career .
pfannenstiel poses with the german and english versions of his most entertaining tome .
it is his second stint on these shores for which he is