click here to read sportsmail columnist jamie carragher 's verdict as to why louis van gaal is fortunate not have the heat on him .
as half-time approached at loftus road with their team looking out of sorts once again in an ill-fitting 3-5-2 system , united fans showed their first signs of discontent with the reign of king louis , demanding a switch to ' 4-4-2 ' .
the dutchman has resolutely stuck to his guns since his arrival and his reluctance to change has had many of the club 's faithful scratching their heads .
here , sportsmail looks at whether some of the curious goings-on at old trafford this season are as bizarre as they seem - and examine whether there is method in the manager 's apparent madness .
formations .
they stuck with their team through the dark days of the david moyes era and have been relentless with their backing for louis van gaal .
but as half-time approached at loftus road with their expensively-assembled unit still tip-toeing around each other like strangers at a wedding , united 's faithful had had enough .
it came from the back of the school end upper and was stunning in its simplicity .
` four-four-two , ' they chanted .
the message could not have been clearer .
manchester united fans , pictured celebrating , were screaming ` four-four-two ' during the initial struggles .
only 24 hours previously van gaal had repeated his reasoning for using a 3-5-2 and appeared insulted by the repeated questioning .
he still felt it gave his team the best balance , he said .
but while the dutchman may be stubborn he is not stupid and at the break , with the match at 0-0 , he gave supporters what they had noisily demanded .
united went on to win 2-0 with the players seemingly more at ease in a familiar environment .
but after the game van gaal reiterated his support for his tainted tactic and claimed that while the switch to 4-4-2 saw his team create more chances it also opened them up to the home side .
this may not be the end of the dreaded 3-5-2 .
louis van gaal insisted after their win at qpr that he can not observe opinions on formation from the fans .
how do you solve a problem like