by .
jill reilly .
the philippines financial capital has banned disposable plastic shopping bags and styrofoam food containers from today .
the move comes as part of escalating efforts across the nation 's capital to curb rubbish blamed for deadly flooding .
just hours after the ban was introduced , members of makati city 's plastic monitoring task force were out on the streets looking for vendors that were ignoring the new rules .
a 25ft-high tidal wave of rubbish : the philippines financial capital banned disposable plastic shopping bags and styrofoam food containers as part of escalating efforts across the nation 's capital to curb rubbish that exacerbates deadly flooding .
cause : men play basketball near the dump site - the project officer of makati 's environmental services department , said cutting down on plastic was vital to stop the clogging of the city 's waterways , which is widely blamed for contributing to floods .
food wrapped in plastic is still .
available , but makati , one of 17 cities or districts that make up metro .
manila , has gone ahead with banning plastic bags .
prexy macana , project officer of makati 's environmental services department , told afp that scaling back the use of plastic bags was essential to halt the clogging of the city 's waterways , which is widely blamed for contributing to floods .
` during our bi-monthly wastewater clean-ups , we found most of the garbage is plastics , ' she said .
flooding is common in manlia - last august the philippine capital was brought to a near standstill by flooding after almost 24 hours of continuous rain - it left nine dead and scores homeless .
the previous year flash floods in the philippines left a death toll of 1000 .
nature ruined : fishermen sit on a rubbish-filled riverbank at a dump site in manila .
consumers are now being given the option of paper alternatives or not using a bag at all .
making a living : a man arranges used plastic bottles on a truck to be sold at a shop in manila .
all change : a man uses a cloth bag while buying meat at a wet market in manila 's financial district , makati city .
binned : employees of a fast food store put the prohibited plastic cups into