manchester united hope to formally announce the signing of angel di maria on tuesday after agreeing terms on a british record transfer fee of # 59.7 million plus add ons with real madrid .
united officials held meetings with their real madrid counterparts on sunday evening and resumed talks on monday as they bartered down the # 75m asking price .
the scale of the extra fees due from united will depend on performances and the prospect of di maria winning the ballon d'or .
video : scroll down to watch angel di maria 's career highlights .
spotted : di maria is on the left hand side of the back seat on his way into united 's training ground .
on the look out : di maria peers out of his united car as he arrives for the completion of his transfer .
world class : di maria has been a key figure for both real madrid and argentina over the past few years .
the argentina midfielder posed with fans at madrid airport on monday afternoon prior to flying into manchester on a private plane to meet up with united manager louis van gaal late on monday night .
van gaal had been at carrington overseeing the first team squad 's 4pm warm-down session and training ahead of tuesday night 's capital one cup second round tie at mk dons .
di maria 's arrival will give the club a welcome lift following a disappointing start to the season that has delivered just one point from their opening two premier league games but there is concern that his signing , as stellar as it is , fails to address united 's real needs and van gaal is pressing the club to deliver two more players over the coming days .
ajax utility player daley blind and juventus midfielder arturo vidal are among those being considered .
creative : the winger should bring a new spark to louis van gaal 's side , which has been lacking this season .
the manchester united megastore at old trafford ran out of the letter ` r ' as supporters clambered to buy angel di maria shirts .
a sign was put outside the shop on monday night informing fans that there were no ` r ' letters left in black print .
click here for the full story .
madrid are