charles dickens fans are being asked to vote for the ending of his final novel , the mystery of edwin drood , after he died in 1870 before finishing it .
it is a mystery which has long baffled and excited fans of charles dickens , and caused arguments in literary circles .
some believe charles dickens ' edwin drood is dead , murdered by his uncle or love rival , while others think the engineering student has simply followed his dreams to go to egypt .
others suspect the character is merely lurking in cloisterham in disguise - after his fate was never revealed because charles dickens died while working on the manuscript for the mystery of edwin drood .
now a group of academics hope to solve the 150-year-old mystery of what actually happened to edwin drood by allowing readers to vote online for their preferred ending through a crowd-sourcing website .
the project has been launched by dr pete orford , an expert in dickens at the university of buckingham who has written several books on the author .
` there is a fascination with this book and people have been turning to it for almost 150 years to work out an ending , ' said dr orford .
` people want to have an ending that they feel is worthy of dickens , that 's surprising and phenomenal .
' dickens was working on the manuscript of the mystery of edwin drood when he died of a stroke in 1870 .
his fans had been kept on tenterhooks by the story because he published it in instalments and was about halfway through when he suddenly died .
various adaptations guessing the intended ending have been made - including that drood , an orphan , was murdered by his uncle john jasper in the fictional town of cloisterham , based on rochester .
others have pointed the finger at neville landless , a love rival for the young student 's fiancee .
several films and even a broadway musical have all dealt with the mysterious ending but dr orford hopes that now it could be solved by people voting for what they think happened to drood .
the university of buckingham created a digital library of dickens ' weekly magazines and dr orford used this to create a separate website speculating on the untimely ending of edwin