it was n't just ben stacy 's astonishing arrival in 1975 as a baby with blue skin that shocked doctors .
the 37-year-old descended from an extraordinary family in kentucky - and although the colour soon diminished from him , his lips and fingernails still went blue when he became cold or angry as a child .
he came from an isolated family whose members were born with a condition that discoloured them , as a result of a coincidental meeting of recessive genes , intermarriage and inbreeding in the 1800s .
family history : ben stacy , 37 , left , of fairbanks , alaska , is descended from a isolated eastern kentucky family with an extraordinary colour defect .
the story began when french orphan martin fugate settled on the banks of troublesome creek to claim a land grant in the early 19th century and married a red-haired woman named elizabeth smith .
she had a very pale complexion - and their union brought on the ` methaemoglobinaemia ' genetic mutation , also known as met-h , which reduces an individual 's ability to carry oxygenated blood .
minnesota-based blood expert dr ayalew tefferi said the whole story is ` fascinating ' and shows how society and disease can intersect - as well as the ` danger of misinformation and stigmatisation .
' ` if i carry a bad recessive gene with a rare abnormality and married , the child probably would n't be sick , because it 's very rare to meet another person with the -lrb- same -rrb- bad gene , ' he told abc news .
mr stacy was born and taken to the university of kentucky medical center , where doctors were amazed by his blue skin and quickly prepared a blood transfusion before his grandmother butted in .
heritage : mr stacy came from a family born with a condition that made them discoloured , as a result of a coincidental meeting of recessive genes , intermarriage and inbreeding in the 1800s -lrb- colourised photo -rrb- .
couples : ben stacy is pictured with his wife katherine , left , and his parents hilda and alva stacy are seen right .
she explained that he looked like his ancestors in troublesome creek and his great-grandmother luna , who died aged 84 , was once called ` the bluest woman i ever saw '