by .
sophie jane evans for mailonline .
it is just four days until the major golf contest between the u.s. and europe gets underway .
so , rickie fowler has decided to show his support for america in the 2014 ryder cup - by shaving the letters ` usa ' into his hair .
the 25-year-old golfer , who is making his second appearance in the biennial competition , proudly showed off his new haircut during practice today .
he took off his cap to reveal ` usa ' shaved into the hair behind his right ear , before pointing out the patriotic design to photographers .
scroll down for videos .
new haircut : rickie fowler has shown his support for america in the ryder cup - by shaving ` usa ' into his hair .
proud : the 25-year-old golfer , who is making his second appearance in the biennial competition this week , took off his cap at practice today , before pointing out his new patriotic hairstyle -lrb- left and right -rrb- to photographers .
fowler , from murrieta , california , arrived at edinburgh airport with the u.s. team this morning , with captain tom watson giving a thumbs-up as he stepped off the plane .
watson later gave his thoughts on fowler 's haircut as he sat alongside his european counterpart paul mcginley at the captains ' press conference at gleneagles .
he told the conference : ' i thought it was great , terrific .
it brings a light spirit to the team .
' i would n't be surprised if , heck , even ted bishop -lsb- the 60-year-old president of the pga of america -rsb- puts ` usa ' on the side of his head if it means we are going to win .
' shaved : fowler , from murrieta , california , posted this photo of his haircut on the social network site twitter .
training : the golfer is seen practicing on the driving range ahead of the ryder cup in gleneagles this week .
ready to hit : american golf captain tom watson said of fowler 's new haircut : ' i thought it was great , terrific ' home skipper mcginley , from dublin , agreed , saying : ` that 's brilliant .
i think the guy is so passionate about his country that