a texas convenience store clerk who was kidnapped and beaten unconscious tuesday passed away this afternoon after his family asked his doctors to have him taken off life support .
kevin garcia , 55 , was assaulted and kidnapped from drew 's exxon in college station before dawn tuesday .
police were dispatched after a customer found the gas station convenience store empty .
scroll down for video .
tragic end : kevin garcia -lrb- left -rrb- , 55 , a clerk at a texas gas station , was taken off life support thursday , three days after police say nathaniel tillery -lrb- right -rrb- , 36 , assaulted and kidnapped him .
brazen abduction : after beating the store clerk unconscious , the suspect allegedly threw him into the bed of his own pickup truck .
getaway : after beating the store clerk unconscious , the 36-year-old suspect threw him into the bed of his truck .
bumpy ride : a bleeding garcia spent 10 hours being bounced around the back of his truck before he was rescued 200 miles away .
hours later , garcia was rescued by police in fort worth , 200 miles away from his store .
the man was found unconscious and bloodied in the bed of his truck and rushed to john peter smith hospital .
the suspect , nathaniel tillery , 36 , was arrested nearby and later charged with robbery , kidnapping and assault .
garcia 's older sister , denise etherton , and her husband , bill , had been by the victim 's side since tuesday afternoon , praying for a miracle against overwhelming odds .
` he has n't been conscious since they found him , ' mrs etherton said earlier thursday .
` he 's completely out .
' according to etherton , her baby brother , who was adopted by their parents at age nine , suffered severe head trauma after being deprived of oxygen for more than 10 hours .
grisly crime scene : a pool of blood was found in the parking lot of drew 's exxon in college station .
cornered : tillery 's stepbrother called 911 and led police to a location along the tijuana trail in suburban fort worth , where officers apprehended the alleged attacker .
yesterday afternoon , the comatose patient 's family met with his doctors to discuss