by .
peter campbell , city correspondent .
philip green has vowed to undercut tesco with his new company bhs food .
bhs food will be launched in staines and warrington .
the british retail baron behind topshop and bhs has entered the supermarket price war by vowing to undercut tesco .
sir philip green said bhs food , which is about to be tested in two stores with plans to open in more than 140 , will be 10 per cent cheaper than the uk 's largest grocers when it launches .
the big four supermarkets , which also include morrisons , asda and sainsbury 's , are poised for a price slashing drive to take on discount rivals aldi and lidl .
this was sparked by morrisons , which earlier this month vowed to spend # 1billion lowering the price of many basic foods after losing ground to the smaller cut-price competitors .
the move led asda to pledge a similar sum towards cutting price tags .
bhs , which is loss-making and has struggled in recent years against rivals such as debenhams and marks & spencer , announced plans to start selling food at the end of last year .
but over the weekend the billionaire retailer behind the group said he would slash food prices to become more competitive than major established supermarkets .
` we know what we 're getting into - the most competitive food landscape for some time , ' said sir philip .
` there 's no point opening up and getting torn apart because we have n't got competitive prices .
' the group has planned to cash in on the growing demand for convenience stores , which are the most thriving area of the high street .
around 10 per cent of a large bhs store could be devoted to food halls , green has said .
the trials , in bhs stores in staines and warrington , are due to begin imminently and will see branded products such as bread , cakes , fizzy drinks and some frozen items .
it is thought that he plans to sell these at parity with some supermarkets , but lower than others .
for example a two litre bottle of pepsi would be sold for # 1 - the same as asda but almost half the price of morrisons and sainsbury 's