judge nigel cadbury , who prompted outrage by suggesting murdered student nurse karen buckley had put herself in danger by drinking on a night out .
a judge has suggested that a student who was murdered after a night out with friends had ` put herself in a vulnerable position ' .
the controversial comments came after karen buckley 's remains were found dumped in a field .
district judge nigel cadbury mentioned the 24-year-old during a separate court hearing to issue a warning about women drinking too much alcohol .
friends of miss buckley , who was studying occupational therapy at glasgow caledonian university , have said she had only a few drinks before leaving a club .
cctv shows her walking from the sanctuary nightclub .
from there , she went to a man 's flat in kelvinside , glasgow .
after a four-day hunt , her body was found at a farm on april 16 .
speaking at worcester magistrates ' court the following day , mr cadbury implied miss buckley had been drinking heavily on the night of her death .
scroll down for video .
referencing karen buckley , judge cadbury said : ` it 's very , very worrying how young girls put themselves in such very , very vulnerable positions ' - prompting anger from domestic abuse and rape charities .
university student karen buckley , 24 , went missing on a night out in glasgow .
judge cadbury implied she had been drinking heavily on the night of her death , but her friends say she only had a few drinks .
sentencing leanne roberts , 21 , who had assaulted someone outside a bar , he said : ` i find it incredible that young people can get so drunk that they do n't even know who they 're with .
` one only has to think about the horrible situation in glasgow to see how serious this could have been .
` it 's very , very worrying how young girls put themselves in such very , very vulnerable positions .
' last night , campaigners branded his comments ` insensitive ' .
katie russell , of the charity rape crisis , said : ` it was wholly inappropriate , irrelevant and insensitive to make reference to the murder of karen buckley in this context and the timing of these