andy cannon , 23 , -lrb- pictured with girlfriend redeana hammill -rrb- was sexually abused by his adoptive gay parents but his complaints to social workers were ignored .
a boy sexually abused by his adoptive father and his gay partner was labelled an ` unruly child ' by social workers who ignored his complaints for years , a damning report has revealed .
they sent andy cannon , now 23 , back to the couple 's home despite his protests of abuse , praising the gay man who adopted him as a ` very caring parent ' .
the report accuses wakefield social services , in yorkshire , of ` folly and gross misjudgment ' .
mr cannon , who was wrongly diagnosed with mental disorders and prescribed anti-psychotic drugs , believes he would have been listened to sooner if his adoptive father was n't gay .
the case ended last year , after half a decade of legal wrangling , when a court ordered a # 25,000 compensation payment to mr cannon .
mr cannon , who now has two children with girlfriend redeana hammill , was adopted by david cannon in 1997 .
he and his mother , elaine moss , repeatedly complained to social workers about the abuse .
in 2004 , he was returned to cannon 's care nine days after running away and making a complaint about him .
cannon , 54 , and his 31-year-old partner john scarfe were each jailed for 30 months in may 2006 for inciting sexual activity with a child .
mr cannon said : ` i believe if my adoptive dad was in a heterosexual relationship then my complaints would have been listened to earlier .
` it seems the council did n't want to be seen as victimising gay people -- they would rather look politically correct and let them get away with it to avoid any repercussions .
jailed : david cannon was convicted for 30 months for inciting sexual activity with a child .
guilty : david cannon 's partner john scarfe was also jailed for abusing andy cannon .
` the council should have been there to prevent this from happening but they would rather just sweep it under the carpet .
' the report , conducted for dewsbury county court by a child welfare specialist , detailed how cannon was allowed to adopt