by .
leslie larson .
published : .
19:17 est , 5 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
10:37 est , 6 september 2012 .
two astronauts resorted to macgyver like moves to save the $ 100 billion international space station with a $ 3 toothbrush .
astronauts sunita williams and akihido hoshide were able to construct a make shift tool , proving that just because they are rocket scientists does n't mean they ca n't be handy .
their ingenuity allowed for the installation of a much needed part on the space craft , needed to relay power .
scroll down for video .
saving the day : this $ 3 toothbrush was used to repair the international space station .
trouble on the spacecraft started last week , when williams and hoshide were trying to replace a malfunctioning electrical unit , called a main bus switching unit -lrb- mbsu -rrb- , on the space station .
there are four 220-pound mbsus on the international space station that are able to harness power from the outpost 's solar arrays .
but with one of the electrical units not operating , there had been limited power use in the space station and astronauts were called on to replace it with a new one .
williams and hoshide had been working to install a new mbsu back on august 30 but encountered difficulty in bolting the new unit down to the spacecraft .
it appeared that there was significant debris , described as metal shavings , that had amassed inside the bolts and was preventing them from attaching it to the space craft and securing the mbsu .
hoshide was able to maneuver a wire .
cleaner around one of the bolt holders , that loosed a lot of metal .
shavings but it just was n't enough , he told the nasa team back in houston .
their repeated attempts to clean out the bolts drew out their space walk to a daunting 8 hours .
` over 10 hours in the suit .
no bathroom and no lunch , ' williams wrote in her blog about the grueling ordeal , about the total time she was suited up for space .
cleaning house : the astronauts prepared for cleaning the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- on september 5 , with their toothbrush .
mission possible :