police are set to investigate a video which showed a teenage wakeboarding champion being dragged along a waterway by a # 1million ferrari at ` more than 80mph ' .
daredevil jorge gill , 19 , got onto a wakeboard on the maud foster drain north of boston , lincolnshire and was dragged along by a bright yellow ferrari f50 .
but the reported speed of the car could prompt a police investigation into the stunt - which took place on a country lane which has a speed limit of 60mph .
scroll down for video .
a video has emerged of jorge gill wakeboarding at reported speeds of up to 80mph behind a yellow ferrari in a flooded ditch north of boston , lincolnshire .
photos taken at the scene show the wakeboarding champion clinging onto the line attached to the ferrari as it flies along the road .
the video shows mr gill jumping into the ditch after fixing his feet to the board .
the driver of the ferrari - a mid-90s sports car with a top speed of 200mph which is regarded as ' a road-legal racing car ' - then accelerates down the country lane next to the ditch as mr gill holds on .
mr gill , a two-time european wakeboarding champion , hurtled along the river as the ferrari hit what was claimed to be speeds of 84mph .
the film was shot by taxtherich , a group of fast car enthusiasts known for making shocking videos .
in the past they have thrashed a rolls-royce around a country estate and took a ferrari enzo rallying .
mr gill , from north london , became an internet sensation earlier this year when he wakeboarded through a flooded car park in guildford .
the video posted on youtube shows mr gill tie a cord to the spoiler of the ferrari before jumping into the flooded ditch .
he then holds on as the sports car drives along the neighbouring road , pulling him along at high speeds .
the video shows him holding on for a distance of around 100metres as the car drives along the country road before he collapses into the river .
the adrenaline junkie , who is also a five-time national champion , said he had the idea for the stunt while travelling .
boasting about the video , he