a mother was left gobsmacked when she left the hospital with her newborn daughter to be greeted by balloons , a white stallion and a break dancing group .
olga puntus from minsk in belarus told husband sergey , 26 , not to go over the top over the birth of their first daughter lisa , but she might as well have saved her breath .
not only was there a throne and a rolls-royce , but the doting dad had even drummed up a brass band as well - all to greet her on her exit from the belarus hospital .
welcome home : olga puntus , 26 , pictured with newborn baby lisa is shocked as she is greeted by hundreds of balloons and a white stallion .
astonished olga was ushered to a waiting union jack throne outside the hospital .
sitting open-mouthed , she could n't believe it when sergey orchestrated a crowd of more than a hundred people to serenade his wife and daughter .
an urban dance troupe followed with a hip-hop routine that spelled out their daughter 's name in poses on the ground , while a modern choir sang a specially commissioned song in honour of the newborn .
knight in shining armour : sergey puntus arrives on the back of a white stallion dressed as a king to take home his wife olga and newborn baby daughter lisa .
to the rescue : sergey puntus pictured wanted a welcome home parade fit for a queen .
finally the businessman arrived on the back of a white stallion dressed as a king and clutching a bunch of flowers .
after showering his tearful wife and their daughter with kisses , soon the proud father whisked them home in a chauffeur driven rolls-royce phantom limousine .
sergey says : ` this is our first child .
we have long planned and waited for her .
for me , to be a father is a serious step , an important day in my life .
so of course , i decided that my wife deserves the best greeting ever .
romantic gesture : sergey puntus showers his wife and their daughter with kisses after arriving to the hospital on a white stallion .
the perfect couple : sergey puntus pictured -lrb- left -rrb- wanted to surprise his wife olga -lrb- right -rrb- .
he