by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
23:07 est , 8 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
02:49 est , 9 september 2013 .
electronic cigarettes are as effective as nicotine patches in getting smokers to quit , according to the first study to compare them .
battery-operated e-cigarettes look like real cigarettes and turn nicotine into a vapour inhaled by the user .
there is little information about the possible side-effects of the nicotine but it is the tar and other toxins in cigarettes which are deadly , not the nicotine .
new study : e-cigarettes are just as likely to help smokers quit as nicotine patches according to new research .
the study recruited 657 smokers who wanted to quit .
nearly 300 were given e-cigarettes while roughly the same number got nicotine patches .
just over 70 were given placebo e-cigarettes without any nicotine .
after six months , similar rates of smokers -- 6 to 7 per cent -- managed to quit after using either the nicotine-containing e-cigarettes or patches .
four per cent of smokers using the placebo quit .
among smokers who had n't quit , nearly 60 per cent of those using e-cigarettes had cut down the number of cigarettes smoked by at least half , versus 41 per cent of those using nicotine patches .
researchers at the national institute for health innovation at the university of auckland also found similar rates of side-effects in smokers who used the e-cigarettes and the patches .
comparison : the study by auckland university professors tested the efficacy of both e-cigarettes and patches .
the most common side effect in all groups was breathing problems .
` this research provides an important benchmark for e-cigarettes , ' said chris bullen , director of the national institute for health innovation at the university of auckland , the study 's lead author .
` we have now shown they are about as effective as a standard nicotine replacement product .
' popular : smokers were big fans of the e-cigarettes with many saying they would recommend them to a friend who is trying to quit .
smokers were also much bigger fans of the e-cigarettes ; nearly 90 percent of users said they would recommend them to a friend compared to just over half of people who got patches .
peter hajek ,