by .
jack doyle .
published : .
18:49 est , 29 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
05:16 est , 30 november 2012 .
lord justice leveson suggests what opponents immediately described as ` chilling ' changes to protections given to journalists who are handling ` private ' information .
investigative journalists who breach data protection rules could be jailed for two years under proposals in the leveson report .
the judge also suggests what opponents immediately described as ` chilling ' changes to protections given to journalists who are handling ` private ' information .
both david cameron and nick clegg raised serious concerns about the proposed changes to the data protection act , which currently gives a wide exemption to public-interest journalism .
in the commons yesterday mr cameron said he was ` instinctively concerned ' about the plans .
liberal democrat sources went further , warning that the proposals could have a ` chilling effect ' on investigative journalism operating in the public interest .
they said the measures raised eyebrows because they were completely unexpected and had had not been discussed in detail during the inquiry .
currently , journalists are allowed to hold personal information about criminals , corrupt politicians and rogue traders whom they are investigating without falling foul of privacy law .
unlike the government agencies and private companies , journalists do not have to comply with strict rules about how private information must be handled .
but lord justice leveson proposes removing a number of key legal protections offered to journalists under the data protection act .
he also suggests that punishments for breaches of the act should be increased from an unlimited fine now to a jail term of up to two years .
leveson proposes changing the law so that personal data can be held only if it is absolutely necessary for a specific article which is set for publication .
it would undermine investigations which take a long time and involve gathering information which might ultimately never be used .
personal data used by journalists can include bank account statements showing illegal payments made to crooked officials or credit card receipts proving abuse of taxpayers ' money .
in the commons yesterday mr cameron , pictured , said he was ` instinctively concerned ' about the plans .
responding to the report in the commons yesterday