the names and photos of australian mh17 plane crash victims are being exploited by online scammers who have set up fake facebook tribute pages to drive traffic to a dodgy external website .
the facebook pages , created on the day the plane crashed , baited people to click on another website with a link purporting to show footage of the mh17 disaster .
` video camera caught the moment plane mh17 crash over ukraine.watch here the video of crash , ' the link read .
scroll down for video .
scammers have created fake facebook accounts for mh17 victims , including the three young perth children who died with their grandfather .
victims targeted by the scam include young perth siblings otis , evie and mo maslin , canberra woman liliane derden and fatima dyczynski , who was born in germany but was on flight mh17 because she was moving to perth .
the scam also exploited the names of victims from other countries , including quinn lucas schansman from the us , british-born kiwi rob ayley , malaysia airlines pilot eugene choo jin leong and richard mayne , ben pocock and liam sweeney from the uk .
facebook has taken down the pages but the external site goalshighlights.com remains live .
it was registered in bucharest , romania in 2010 and the isp address tracks back to the netherlands .
ken gamble , chairman of the australian chapter of the international association of cybercrime prevention , said it looked like the website had been hacked in order to divert to adult hook up websites and others selling counterfeit drugs .
online fraud experts said the pages were in poor taste but would only be forcibly removed by facebook if they were criminal .
` i 've seen this quite a lot , hackers get in , take control of a site and they then divert to a stack of stuff and use the bandwidth of this guy 's website sometimes for illegal purpose sometimes or for getting the hits up on certain sites , ' mr gamble said .
he added that the websites that goalshighlights.com diverted to contained malicious files that would infect a user 's computer if clicked on .
canberra mother-of-two liliane derden was one of the victims targeted by the scam .
mr gamble added that fraudsters often capitalised on disasters like the mh17