louis van gaal feels ` lousy ' about manchester united 's dismal start to the season but is confident he will be given more time than david moyes to revive the fallen giants of english football .
united 's record of 13 points from their opening 10 league games is their worst since 1986 .
previous manager moyes had six more points at the same stage last season but was sacked 10 months into a six-year contract .
van gaal warned that it might take until the end of his three-year deal to get it right , and admitted that the current situation is unsatisfactory for the owners and supporters after united spent more than # 150million on players in the summer .
louis van gaal gives instructions to his players during manchester united training on friday .
wayne rooney -lrb- left -rrb- and angel di maria -lrb- right -rrb- train at carrington ahead of saturday 's fixture against crystal palace at old trafford .
robin van persie -lrb- left -rrb- and marouane fellaini -lrb- right -rrb- train under the supervision of van gaal on friday .
midfielder daley blind looks up and surveys his options during training on friday morning .
van persie -lrb- left -rrb- and michael carrick -lrb- right -rrb- both take the ball down on their chests during training on friday .
midfielders juan mata -lrb- left -rrb- and darren fletcher don yellow bibs as they train on friday morning .
dutch boss van gaal issues instructions to 18-year-old striking prospect james wilson during training .
the former holland manager admitted manchester united 's start to the season is ` not good enough ' van gaal -lrb- left -rrb- issues orders during friday 's session at carrington , while adnan januzaj -lrb- right -rrb- looks focused .
tyler blackett -lrb- left -rrb- and paddy mcnair -lrb- right -rrb- could be vying for a start after the injury to marcos rojo and chris smalling 's suspension .
manchester united players look dejected after sergio aguero gave manchester city the lead last weekend .
` it 's not good enough , ' said the dutchman .
` i feel myself very lousy for the fans in the first place , and also the board because they have a great belief in me , my staff and my players .
` when you have 13 points from 10 matches