by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
05:14 est , 8 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:15 est , 8 july 2013 .
staring into the eyes of a nine-foot shark is a sight most swimmers hope they will never see .
but far from panicking , this fearless woman begins to dance with it .
this is shark conservationist julie andersen - who hopes her eye-opening interaction with the feared animals will highlight their plight across the world .
losing herself : conservationist julie andersen ` dances ' with a nine-foot oceanic whitetip in the crystal-clear waters off cat island , in the bahamas .
too close for comfort : she gets close enough to touch the enormous shark , which has a reputation for being a man-eater , something diver julie refutes .
undeterred : the accomplished diver seems completely relaxed in the company of the enormous whitetip shark , which clearly is showing an interest in her .
she said : ` it was the first time that i 've been in the water with a shark and lost all perspective and just started dancing with this animal .
` none of it was architected , it just came so naturally , it was an incredible moment and something that i will always cherish .
` the shark just kept coming to me and rolling and doing these amazing things .
` it is one of the most magical , incredible experiences .
it 's something i encourage everyone to do .
` get in the water , meet a shark , because i promise you , you meet a shark , you 're not going to want to kill them and you are going to care that they are going extinct .
' conservation : ms anderson regularly dives with sharks and offers course to help educate people about the threat to the species and how to protect them .
interacting : far from panicking , the conservationist spins and ducks around the shark , which appeared to show some interest in her moves .
one off : although ms anderson said she dives with various types of sharks regularly , she said this was the first time she has launched into spontaneous dance .
as the founder of the shark angels , a campaign group aimed at bringing awareness to