the bank that took control of the newtown home where sandy hook elementary school shooter adam lanza lived burned everything inside to ensure nothing could be sold as as murder memorabilia .
all personal belongings and furniture were removed from the colonial-style home and incinerated , before hudson savings bank of new jersey handed ownership of the property to the connecticut town .
twenty-year-old lanza shot his mother nancy lanza dead at the house before killing 20 first-graders and six educators at sandy hook in december 2012 .
he then killed himself at the school as police arrived .
scroll down for video .
belongs to newton : the colonial-style home where newtown school shooter adam lanza lived with his mother now belongs to the town .
` there is nothing left but the light fixtures ; we burned everything from the carpets to any personal effects left behind , ' william lacalamito , a senior vice president for hudson savings bank of new jersey told the hartford courant .
` we did n't want anything from that house showing up for sale on ebay two years from now .
' california real estate expert randall bell , who has been involved in the sale or disposal of notorious properties including the sharon tate home and o.j. simpson 's house , was hired by the bank .
` it was a sad situation , ' he told the newspaper .
` there was tons of stuff in that house .
there were a lot of adam lanza 's possessions still there and that stuff needed to be gone .
' twenty-year-old lanza shot his mother nancy lanza to death at the house before killing 20 first-graders and six educators at sandy hook elementary school in december 2012 .
the bank took over ownership of the home in september after nancy lanza 's other son and sole heir , ryan lanza , sold it earlier this year .
the property , built in 1998 , was assessed at more than $ 500,000 and had a fair market value of at least $ 360,000 .
but the home now belongs to the town after local officials agreed to buy it for $ 1 .
adam lanza shot his mother nancy lanza at the property , which now belongs to newtown .
` it certainly would have been a hard sell , but