saracens suffered a fate that has become familiar to so many top european teams over the years at thomond park , as they were pounded into submission by munster , after a costly yellow card for rhys gill .
the aviva premiership side came here with considerable belief and they were in the hunt for much of an abrasive pool one tie .
mark mccall 's visitors had shown plenty of their warrior spirit and the fiery competitive streak of their ` wolf-pack ' defence , but the tipping point -- quite literally -- came in the 52nd minute as welsh prop gill was sin-binned for wildly up-ending cj stander at a ruck .
before that telling incident , the force increasingly had been with saracens in a tight tussle , which was locked at 3-3 .
but by the time gill returned to the field , the challenge of the english team had been fatally undermined , as they trailed by eight points and had emphatically conceded the initiative .
from then on , the outcome was inevitable .
rhys gill of saracens is shown a yellow card by referee jerome garces during the 14-3 defeat vs munster .
mark mccall , the saracens director of rugby , looks on during the 14-3 defeat against munster on friday night .
` the yellow card was a real momentum-swinger , ' said mccall , saracens ' director of rugby .
` the decision -lrb- by the referee -rrb- was fair enough -- you ca n't tip people above the horizontal in the air .
it was an accident , but munster took advantage of it , as they do .
once they were ahead , it was n't a night for playing catch-up rugby .
' this was an important night for england fly-half owen farrell , who was making just his second start of the season , having missed three matches with a quad injury .
he landed one of his two goal kicks , committed himself with gusto in defence and for a spell began to find some passing rhythm .
he was also evidently trying to play close to the munster defensive line , whenever the opportunity arose .
but this was not a game which allowed him to click through the gears and he occasionally appeared to be moving with a lack of freedom -- with