by .
inderdeep bains .
published : .
06:16 est , 24 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:27 est , 25 february 2013 .
lottery scratchcards whose # 100,000 prizes have already been won are still on sale , an investigation has revealed .
the # 2 cards are being sold in shops , supermarkets and petrol stations across the uk -- despite the fact that all five top prizes have been claimed .
national lottery operator camelot says the # 100,000 red cash cards can legally remain on sale , but martin lewis , of the money saving expert website , said : ` one would hope that if you are buying a scratchcard that advertises a chance to win a # 100,000 prize , you actually have a chance .
no chance : the # 100,000 red cash scratchcards are still on sale in uk stores despite all five top prizes having been claimed .
` camelot should be doing everything to .
communicate the situation over the cards or be withdrawing the cards .
and replacing them with a new tranche .
` i think many people playing would be .
disappointed to know there 's no chance of a dream win .
with these cards , .
it truly could not be you .
' about 12million of the cards were printed with the odds of scooping the jackpot standing at almost 2.5million-to-one .
now all the five jackpots have gone , players have chances to win prizes worth # 2 to # 5,000 .
no problem : national lottery operator camelot has said that the continued sale of the scratchcards is legal .
the unwinnable cards are still .
available in london , manchester , birmingham , bristol , leeds , cambridge , .
plymouth and glasgow , an investigation by the sun has revealed .
a camelot spokesman said : ` all the top prizes have now been won and we have ceased distribution of the game .
` however , there are still thousands of .
other prizes available and , as agreed with our regulator -lsb- the gambling commission -rsb- , retailers can .
continue to sell the stock they have activated for sale .
' a spokesman for the advertising .
standards authority said last night that it would launch an investigation into alleged advertising irregularlities if any