a couple today admitted child cruelty after being accused of keeping their young son a ` prisoner in his bedroom ' .
the 50-year-old man and his 38-year-old wife each admitted a charge of wilfully assaulting , ill-treating , neglecting , abandoning or exposing the boy in a manner likely to cause him unnecessary suffering or injury to health between november 2007 and november 2012 .
the couple , from paignton , devon , submitted a basis of plea -lrb- pleading guilty but only on a certain set of facts -rrb- which was not accepted by the prosecution but the judge said it would make no difference to their eventual sentence next month at exeter crown court .
the boy 's wicked parents will be sentenced at exeter crown court -lrb- above -rrb- next month .
at an earlier hearing before magistrates , prosecutor philip sewell claimed the boy , now aged 11 , was locked in his bedroom for ` long periods of time ' and not allowed out .
he said : `` he was sometimes unable to do anything other than relieve himself there .
sometimes a bucket was provided .
'' the lower court heard the boy , who can not be named for legal reasons , told a schoolteacher he had wet himself and was asked why .
neighbours and other family members had ` concerns ' about the boy .
mr sewell said the boy was also locked out of the house for ` long periods of time ' without being suitably dressed and was taken in by other people .
he said : `` he was out in light clothing in the rain .
'' after the hearing det con samantha vignaux , who investigated the case , said : `` he would be left out during the summer holidays in all weathers and would knock on neighbours ' doors to ask if children would come out to play .
the ` icest little chap you would ever want to meet ' was abused in paignton , devon .
`` neighbours were unable to raise anybody at the house because they had gone out for the day .
`` it would be pouring with rain and the neighbours would give him clothes to wear .
`` on one occasion he was seen urinating in a neighbour 's garden because he could n't get