angel di maria is set to make his manchester united debut at turf moor on saturday as louis van gaal 's side take on burnley in the premier league .
the # 60million signing from real madrid has joined a team who has struggled to adapt to van gaal 's 3-5-2 formation and who are yet to win a game this season .
di maria will be expected to hit the ground running and lift spirits around old trafford with a stunning debut .
here , sportsmail takes a look at a selection of previous united big-money debutants and how they fared .
video scroll down to watch manchester united signing angel di maria 's career highlights .
debut : angel di maria will make his manchester united bow against burnley on saturday after his # 60m move .
andy cole # 7m -lrb- 1995 -rrb- .
andy cole 's transfer fee from newcastle broke the british record .
and he lived up to this sum with the only goal in a debut win against aston villa , showing the fans that he could become an old trafford hero .
he scored 121 in total before leaving in 2001 .
arrival : andy cole announced himself to the old trafford faithful perfectly with the winner against aston villa .
clinical : cole went on to score 121 goals in all for manchester united before leaving the club in the 2001 season .
juan sebastian veron # 28.1 m and ruud van nistelrooy # 19m -lrb- 2001 -rrb- .
big-money summer signing veron 's debut was overshadowed by van nistelrooy .
united were 2-1 down at home to fulham , but the dutch striker 's brace secured a 3-2 win .
double debut : ruud van nistelrooy -lrb- left -rrb- and juan sebastian veron -lrb- right -rrb- first appeared against fulham .
brace : dutchman van nistelrooy scored twice as united ran out 3-2 winners against fulham in 2001 .
quiet : veron -lrb- left -rrb- did not make as much of an impact as van nistelrooy did during united 's win over fulham .
wayne rooney # 27m -lrb- 2004 -rrb- .
debuts do n't get much better than this .
united beat fenerbahce 6-2 in the champions league , and hat-trick hero rooney was the star man after his move from everton .
the 18-year-old scored with a tap-in