tropical forests are growing faster than scientists thought due to rising levels of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere .
a nasa-led study has found that tropical forests are absorbing 1.5 billion tons of carbon dioxide every year as they photosynthesise and grow .
and this is far more than is absorbed by the vast areas of boreal forest that encircle the arctic .
trees and plants in tropical forests -lrb- stock image -rrb- are absorbing 1.5 billion tonnes of carbon dioxide a year .
the researchers claim their findings show that rainforests are essential for soaking up excess greenhouse gases , and play a far greater role than had been previously realised .
the researchers claim their findings show that rainforests like the amazon are essential for soaking up excess greenhouse gases , and play a far greater role than had been previously realised .
dr david schimel , a researcher at nasa 's jet propulsion laboratory in california , who led the study , said : ` this is good news , because uptake in boreal forests is already slowing , while tropical forests may continue to take up carbon for many years .
' deforestation in the world 's biggest rainforest , the amazon , dropped by 18 per cent over the past year .
brazil said that 4,848 square kilometers -lrb- 1,870 square miles -rrb- of rain forest were destroyed between august 2013 and july 2014 - an area slightly larger than the us state of rhode island .
the figures were down from 5,891 square kilometers -lrb- 2,275 square miles -rrb- cut down during the same period a year earlier .
it comes in the wake of the adoption of a controversial bill revising the forest code , which was 2012 after more than a decade-long effort by brazil 's powerful agricultural lobby , mostly eased restrictions for landowners with smaller properties , allowing them to clear land closer to riverbanks .
rain forest clearing is responsible for about 75 percent of brazil 's emissions , as vegetation is burned and felled trees rot .
the amazon extends over 6.1 million square kilometers -lrb- 3.8 million square miles -rrb- , with more than 60 percent within brazil 's borders .
however , dr schimel and his colleagues warn that deforestation in tropical rainforests could exacerbate climate change by leaving more carbon dioxide in the atmosphere .