virat kohli became the first man ever to make three test centuries in his first three innings as captain and lokesh rahul made the first of his career as india fought back on day three of the fourth test against australia at sydney .
the hosts had declared on 572 on day two but india produced a brilliant response to reach 342 for five , a deficit of 230 , with kohli hitting his fourth ton of the series as the pair put on 141 for the third wicket .
rahul had reached 110 when he was dismissed in just his second match while kohli , in his first match as full-time skipper following the shock resignation of mahendra singh dhoni , was undefeated on 140 .
video confusion in the sky as steven smith spills catch and blames spidercam .
virat kohli celebrates and acknowledges the crowd after scoring a century for india against australia .
kohli raises his bat in the air as he reaches his century on day three of the fourth test in sydney .
india 's lokesh rahul looks towards the sky as he celebrates his century against australia .
india began the day on 71 for one and made slow progress in the early stages , adding just 12 runs in the first 10 overs .
despite the slow going , rohit sharma brought up his half-century off 132 balls but was gone to the next one he faced as he edged a nathan lyon delivery onto the stumps to depart for 53 .
a major talking point then came three overs before lunch when rahul did not get hold of a pull off shane watson and the ball went flying into the air with steve smith looking certain to make the catch .
the stand-in captain , though , spilled the opportunity and instantly pointed to the sky , suggesting the ball may have hit the ` spider-cam ' system of camera wires above the pitch .
both cricket australia and the australian broadcasters later confirmed that was not the case but admitted smith had been ` distracted by one of the wires in his eye line ' and the fielder looked furious to have spilled the opener on 46 .
india captain kohli hits a shot on his way to a ton at the sydney cricket ground .
australia captain steve smith