when radamel falcao left for manchester in such a dreadful hurry this week , it was almost enough to make the residents of monaco choke on their lobster risotto , drop their flute of fizz , rip the gucci shades from their eyes and demand answers .
almost , but not quite .
monaco is a strange place .
for many locals it will have passed without notice that the rest of european football has turned with intrigue towards the principality and events at the club owned by dmitry rybolovlev .
was it a cash-flow issue that forced the russian oligarch to cool on his investment and sell star assets falcao and james rodriguez as they prepared for a return to the champions league for the first time in nearly a decade ?
that would be understandable as he fights an astonishing divorce settlement of # 2.7 billion .
on his way out : radamel falcao has been loaned out by monaco to manchester united for a # 6m fee .
star striker : falcao was monaco 's poster boy and main source of goals .
or was he simply getting bored ?
was it a whim ?
had he taken offence that his desire for full citizenship has yet to be granted ?
was it something more sinister ?
was monte carlo going bust ?
monaco 's manager leonardo jardim quietly fumed .
this was not what the brochure had promised when he replaced claudio ranieri in june .
fans demanded refunds on shirts and season tickets bought before the exodus of players and change of recruitment policy .
monaco reneged on a pre-contract deal to sign barcelona goalkeeper victor valdes and took maarten stekelenburg on loan from fulham instead .
months after reports of an audacious plot to sign cristiano ronaldo , the targets look very different .
joao moutinho , who arrived with james from porto last year in a # 60million package , was rumoured to have stormed out of the training ground when it became clear falcao was off to manchester united , irrespective of the fact the colombian 's commitment has been in question since his return from serious injury .
elsewhere , around france , there was a sigh of disappointment that the only true challengers to unfeasibly rich champions paris saint-germain had chosen to scale back and leave ligue 1 hopelessly uncompetitive