sexting is ` not advised for politicians ' , says ed miliband - and ` risky if you are young , dodgy if you are older ' in the words of deputy prime minister nick clegg .
both men were asked their opinion on the practice of sending sexy text messages in a quiz for fashion magazine cosmopolitan 's website .
green party leader natalie bennett responded that it is ` ok for other adults but not for me ' .
and education secretary nicky morgan answered : ' a bit too risky , thank you very much !
' the verdict : politicians should not sext , says ed miliband -lrb- right -rrb- and deputy prime minister nick clegg -lrb- left -rrb- says it is ` risky ' for youngsters and ` dodgy ' if you are older .
their responses are hardly surprisingly considering the downfalls of fellow politicians when salacious messages are revealed in the press - including those sent by former mp brooks newmark and tory official iain corby .
the quiz , which was answered by hand , included a question on the worst thing about politics , which mr miliband said was prime minister 's questions - ' a bad advert for all of us ' .
ms bennett ticked ` not being able to make the changes you want to ' , while ms morgan opted for people thinking she is boring .
mr clegg wrote : ` sitting through 30 minutes of cameron and miliband yelling persistently at each other every wednesday !
' the four were also asked about what they would be if not politicians .
green party leader natalie bennett responded that sexting is ` ok for other adults but not for me ' mr clegg said a wildlife film-maker , while the labour leader wrote : ` trying to change the world somehow .
' ms bennett said she would be an author and ms morgan a solicitor .
asked to describe their favourite hangover cure , mr miliband said : ` drinking lots of water but it 's been a long time since i had one ... ' mr clegg said : ` three young boys running around usually does the trick .
' ms morgan chose a bacon sandwich , while ms bennett responded : ` home-baked gluten-free bread with butter and honey .
' in