samsung has come under fire once again for offering customers just half the amount of advertised storage on its flagship galaxy s4 model .
the latest round of tests by which ?
magazine found that unwanted bloatware and system files still occupy 46 per cent of the phone 's internal storage - eight months after intial concerns were raised .
at the opposite end of the scale , apple 's iphone 5c was the best performing handset , assigning a relatively low 21 per cent of storage to built-in apps and the ios operating system .
in january , which ?
magazine tested the eight most popular 16gb handsets from samsung , apple , blackberry , lg , htc and google , pictured .
samsung 's galaxy s4 was the worst performing handset , with only 54 % -lrb- 8.56 gb -rrb- of available storage , while apple 's iphone 5c was the best , with 79 % -lrb- 12.6 gb -rrb- .
bloatware is the name for any unwanted software or apps that are preinstalled onto phones , tablets , or computers .
as well as taking up space that can be used for photos and other personal files , bloatware can also slow down your device .
bloatware can also refer to extras that come with wanted software including browser toolbars , desktop widgets or other unwanted additions .
bloatware includes apps and files .
that are added to handsets by the manufacturers and networks before they .
are sold to customers .
which ?
magazine tested the eight most popular 16gb handsets including apple 's iphone 5s and 5c , samsung 's galaxy s4 , google 's nexus 5 , the sony xperia z1 , blackberry 's z30 , the htc one mini and lg 's g2 .
the .
s4 offers just 8.56 gb of available storage , down from 8.8 gb in tests carried out in may .
apple 's iphone 5c has 12.6 gb , while the iphone 5s offers slightly less at 12.2 gb .
lg 's g2 and htc one mini have just short of 11gb of available space each - 10.37 gb and 10.44 gb respectively .
some of the preinstalled samsung files are needed for its new features , such as eye tracking , air gestures and voice commands .
some of the preinstalled samsung files on the s4 ,