the millionaire polo mogul charged in the death of a promising young student is heading to prison .
john goodman , of west palm beach , florida , was sentenced to 16 years behind bars on friday following a fatal drunken-driving crash back in 2010 that claimed the life of 23-year-old scott wilson .
this is the second time goodman has been convicted and sentenced , with his first conviction being overturned due to juror misconduct .
setenced : john goodman -lrb- above -rrb- was sentenced to 16 years behind bars on friday following a fatal drunken-driving crash back in 2010 that claimed the life of 23-year-old scott wilson .
good kid : wilson -lrb- above with his mother -rrb- was driving home to see his parents at the time of the accident .
horror : goodman rammed his bentley -lrb- right -rrb- into the victim 's hyundai -lrb- left -rrb- and sent it flying into a canal .
the jury had been brought in from tampa on this case because of pretrial publicity according to the houston chronicle .
wilson , an engineering graduate , was killed february 12 , 2010 , when goodman , the millionaire founder of the palm beach international polo club , rammed his bentley into the victim 's hyundai and sent it flying into a canal .
goodman then left the scene of the crime and then waited an hour to call 911 , claiming his battery was dead on his cell phone .
after the crash , goodman 's blood alcohol level was measured at .177 percent , more than twice the legal driving limit .
goodman had been drinking at the players club that evening , a nearby bar , and admitted to having at least four shots , though he claimed he was not drunk at the time of the crash .
he blamed his high alcohol level on drinks he had after the crash .
heartless ; goodman -lrb- left in mugshot -rrb- then left the scene of the crime and waited an hour to call 911 as wilson 9right -rrb- was trapped in his car .
shots : goodman admitted to haveing drinks at the player 's club -lrb- above -rrb- the night of the accident .
lavish : goodman at one point adopted his girlfriend to protect his $ 300million fortune and estate -lrb- above -rrb- from a