by .
robert hardman .
published : .
20:56 est , 3 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
10:09 est , 4 january 2014 .
serenaded by a jazz band , a chapter of hell 's angels , his family and more old geezers than on the old kent road , ronnie biggs made his last escape yesterday afternoon -- to the hereafter .
his wicker coffin draped in the flags of britain and his adopted brazil , the best-known -- if least important -- of the great train robbers was almost a figure of suburban respectability as he took his final bow in the same north london crematorium as sigmund freud , george bernard shaw and the maharaja of cooch-behar .
but here , too , were all the trappings of a traditional gangland funeral -- minus the horse-drawn hearse and gold knuckledusters .
scroll down for video .
the great train robber 's coffin , draped with a union flag , a brazilian flag and a scarf of his beloved arsenal football team is carried into golders green crematorium .
tribute : biggs 's granddaughter ingrid and son michael speak during the funeral service .
guests had been respectfully asked not to dress in black or wear ` aggressive or offensive jewellery ' .
how thoughtful .
the rules did not seem to apply to floral tributes , though .
one mourner had sent one in the shape of biggs 's trademark v-sign .
shakespeare .
and the poems of biggs the bard himself were liberally quoted in a .
service that drew large numbers of shaven-headed men in leather coats .
and a few hard-smoking women .
how .
many actually knew the man ?
one of the hell 's angels cheerfully .
admitted he was just a ` hanger on ' , but said he was glad to be part of .
it all .
there was also a smattering of celebrities from showbusiness and .
the criminocracy .
actor .
steven berkoff arrived late -- ` the traffic was murder ' he told a .
congregation not unfamiliar with the real thing -- to deliver his .
reflections on ` a modern-day ulysses ' .
drug .
smuggler-turned-author howard marks saluted ` a man of great nobility ' while admitting he had never actually met biggs in person .
celebrity .
ex-gangster dave