by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
11:59 est , 28 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
13:44 est , 28 january 2014 .
these ` inflated toys ' may look like they 're full of hot air , but they are in fact delicate , hand-crafted solid sculptures .
american artist brett kern , from pennsylvania , has created a series of hyper-realistic ceramic models that look like inflatable toys .
his pieces are so realistic , many people do n't realise they are solid pieces of art until they touch them .
childhood memory : kern 's models are inspired by a dinosaur toy his mother gave him for good behaviour while his sister was born .
out of this world : brett kearn works as a teacher but makes his own pieces , such as this astronaut , pictured left , and hand , pictured right , in his spare time .
spot the difference : most people believe the sculptures are inflatable toys until they touch them .
kern said his work is inspired by an inflatable dinosaur he was given by his mother for his good behaviour while his sister was being born .
kern likens his mould-making process for his ceramic casts to the fossilization process .
he said the objects are ` covered in a material that captures their shape and texture and this , in turn , preserves the object as a rock-like representation ' .
working progress : brett kern pictured working on one of his dinosaur artworks .
things are n't always as they seem : a hyper-realistic ceramic model by american artist brett kern which looks like a inflatable toy .
fossils : kern says he looks at his artwork as fossils that will preserve the ` cultural landscape ' of his youth .
fart : it may look like a whoopee cushion filled with hot air , but its just another of kern 's creations .
he adds : ` movies , television , toys and games dominated the cultural landscape of my youth .
i am a product of this specific time period , and i like to think of my artwork as the fossils that will help preserve it .
' while an inflatable toy may cost just a few dollars , one of kern 's artworks go for between $ 500