by .
james mulholland .
a young couple who violently attempted to extort money from an amateur glamour photographer have been jailed for a total of nine years .
garry faulds , 21 , and his fiancée laura colquhoun , 17 , hatched a plot to force their middle-aged victim to give them hundreds of pounds or they would expose his allegedly sleazy lifestyle .
the high court in edinburgh heard how the man , who is in his 50s and can not be named for legal reasons , took photographs of aspiring model colquhoun at his home over the course of a year .
garry faulds and his girlfriend laura colquhoun , who were sentenced for a total of nine years for extorting a man in his 50s .
it was claimed that she had repeatedly performed a sex act on him and was receiving # 150 per photo session .
but just before one sitting , the teenager allowed her boyfriend -- dressed in a balaclava and boiler suit -- to enter the local government employee 's edinburgh house .
once inside , faulds bound the man 's arms , legs and mouth with tape before threatening him with a gas canister , repeatedly striking him and threatening him by claiming to be a member of an ulster loyalist terror group who could do him serious harm .
faulds also said he would tell the man 's employer that he was taking illegal photographs of underage girls .
the pair had plotted to force their middle-aged victim to give them hundreds of pounds or they would expose his allegedly sleazy lifestyle .
garry faulds scared his middle aged captor by tying him up , beating him and claiming to be a member of an ulster loyalist terror group who could cause him serious harm .
yesterday , temporary judge paul .
arthurson , qc , sentenced faulds to six years in prison .
his girlfriend .
wept as she was handed three years ' detention .
judge arthurson said : ` given the extremely serious nature of the offence , which must have been truly terrifying for the complainer who was in own home , custodial sentences are inevitable .
' laura colquhoun at edinburgh high court where she was sentenced to three years in jail .
last month , faulds and colquhoun , of paisley , renfrewshire