hillary clinton is letting it be known how she feels about childhood vaccines .
the recent grandmother and near certain democratic presidential candidate did not mince words , keeping her statement brief and to the point by releasing it on twitter .
` the science is clear : the earth is round , the sky is blue , and #vaccineswork .
let 's protect all our kids .
#grandmothersknowbest , ' wrote the former secretary of state .
this just hours after two other politicians who have been exploring the idea of a presidential run , republicans chris christie and rand paul , came under fire for stating they did not believe in mandatory child vaccinations .
scroll down for video .
hillary clinton -lrb- above -rrb- has voiced her support for childhood vaccines , saying the ` science is clear ' and that they ` work ' the potential democratic presidential candidate kept her statement short and sweet by releasing it on twitter .
clinton -lrb- above with husband bill and granddaughter charlotte -rrb- also used her tweet as a chance to bring in the family element , with the recent grandmother stressing the importance of protecting children .
governor christie was touring a biomedical research facility of all places in cambridge , england when he said of vaccinations ; ` parents need to have some measure of choice in things as well , so that 's the balance that the government has to decide .
' he did however make it clear that he and his wife had all of their children vaccinated .
now , many are attacking christie for being ` anti-science , ' while members of his own party are wondering if this muted response is a sign that the oft polarizing politician - who is nothing if not direct when answering questions - is toning things down as he sets his sights on a job in the white house .
the backlash was so immediate that christie 's camp released a clarification on his statement within just hours .
` to be clear : the governor believes vaccines are an important public health protection and with a disease like measles there is no question kids should be vaccinated , ' said spokesman kevin roberts according to cnn .
` at the same time different states require different degrees of vaccination , which is why