atletico madrid beat arsenal in the uefa youth league on tuesday to move into the competition 's quarter-finals but the club 's recruitment policy has been placed under the spotlight with fifa investigating their underage signings .
barcelona have already been banned from making signings this year because of irregularities in nine underage signings and real madrid have had to supply documentation for around 50 boys signed over the last six years .
none of those involved in atletico 's 1-0 win over arsenal are under investigation but fifa do want atletico to cooperate with their enquiries .
daniel crowley of arsenal -lrb- left -rrb- takes on atletico madrid 's mendiondo on tuesday night .
amath diedhiou -lrb- left , pictured competing with tyrell robinson -rrb- scored the only goal of the game in spain .
the spanish champions have the largest number of overseas players in their youth system in spain 's top flight with 43 players from 26 different nationalities .
twenty one of those are understood to be underage and , according to diario as , the group include 10-year-olds from brazil , ethiopia and guinea .
the club also has an agreement with the ministry of sport in china and the chinese conglomerate wanda which involves around 20 youngsters being sent to madrid every year to attend atletico 's academy .
villarreal and valencia have a similar agreement but are not believed to be under investigation by fifa .
barcelona were banned for contravening article 19 last year .
under 18s signed from outside the eu must have moved to the city of the club in question for non-football reasons .
barcelona never denied having failed to follow the rules and instead argued for a change in the rules .
barcelona president josep bartomeu said on tuesday : ` i do not want other clubs punished i want fifa to rethink the regulations .
' atletico madrid have more foreign youth team players -lrb- 43 -rrb- than any other side in spain 's top flight .
barcelona president josep bartomeu said he wanted fifa to change the rules regarding these signings .