former real madrid manager jorge valdano believes his compatriot lionel messi looks tired and is no longer capable of causing havoc among opposition defences .
messi endured a difficult evening at the bernabeu on saturday as barcelona lost the first clasico of the season to bitter rivals real .
the 27-year-old had a game to forget , missing a clear-cut opportunity to score in the first-half as carlo ancelotti 's men ran out 3-1 winners .
lionel messi -lrb- centre -rrb- attempts to get away from real madrid midfielder isco -lrb- left -rrb- at the bernabeu .
former real madrid manager jorge valdano believes messi has lost his ability to disrupt defences .
messi looks dejected during barcelona 's 3-1 la liga defeat to fierce rivals real madrid on saturday .
appearances : 9 .
goals scored : 7 .
assists : 7 .
chances created : 31 .
shooting accuracy : 64 per cent .
passing accuracy : 85 per cent .
and valdano , who also played for los blancos , is convinced that messi 's problems run deeper than just one poor performance .
speaking to spanish newspaper marca , the former argentina international said : ` looking at the last game , messi is a little off-form .
` his position has changed on the pitch and now his job is more to provide assists , but he has lost his ability to disrupt the defence -- something which used to solve many past games for barca .
' messi was awarded the golden ball at the world cup last summer after helping argentina reach the final against germany , but valdano believes he was at far from his best in south america .
he added : ` in the brazil world cup we saw that something was up with messi ; he walked around the pitch .
` he was physically not at his best and maybe that is the reason for playing further back , to not tire himself so much .
' messi poses with his golden ball award alongside golden glove winner manuel neuer at the maracana stadium .
messi goes for goal against carlo ancelotti 's side but he could n't find the back of the net at the bernabeu .