a couple on benefits lived a lavish lifestyle by scamming more than # 100,000 from the public by posing as children 's charity collectors .
glen and lynne moore bought a villa with a swimming pool , personalised number plates for their cars and regularly took expensive holidays overseas .
when they were not on holiday , the shameless married couple preyed on the public 's goodwill by staging collections for children 's charities .
lynne moore -lrb- left -rrb- and her husband of 20 years , glen moore -lrb- right -rrb- have been jailed for scamming # 287,000 .
the pair were jailed yesterday at sheffield crown court for orchestrating the nationwide charity scam .
the couple 's bogus collections took place in pubs , stores such as toys r us , at football matches and supermarkets including sainsburys , morrisons , tesco and the co-op .
they even set up a bank account under a false business name to process their ill-gotten gains while living on benefits at a modest council semi in arbourthorne , sheffield .
a total of # 287,000 went through their various accounts - but as they collected cash it was impossible to pin down just how much they made dishonestly , the court heard .
richard sheldon , prosecuting , said : ` they collected up and down the country from members of the public but kept all the cash they received for themselves .
` it was organised , systematic and very lucrative .
hotels were booked and paid for in various parts of the country to enable the fraud to be carried out .
this was organised crime .
' sheffield crown court heard mr moore , 45 , had been married to mrs moore , 39 , for 20 years .
he was the driving force behind the scam and had never worked a day in his life .
he relied solely on money obtained either through the scam or from benefits .
mr sheldon said : ` his only source of income was crime and benefits or whatever monies she earned , whether legitimately or fraudulently .
` he backed up his position with violence and she travelled up and down the country to make collections which were passed to him .
' the couple splashed out 27,000 euros over a year on a rent-to-buy scheme for a four-bedroom