they 're a great british tradition sure to make any christmas dinner go with a bang - and as these vibrant images show , the humble christmas cracker has always been an important part of the festive season .
these beautifully illustrated cracker boxes provide a stunning visual history of british social and political developments over an entire century .
the colourful images , dating back more than 100 years , document iconic moments and eras in history with many of the striking designs coming from the man credited with inventing the cracker himself - tom smith .
scroll down for video .
a great british tradition to make sure to make any christmas dinner goes with a bang - cracker inventor tom smith 's motoring crackers features a family on a drive in their veteran motor car in 1907 .
the colourful images , dating back more than 100 years , having striking designs such as tom smith 's pre-historic crackers , from 1907 , which feature a family of cavemen dressed in furs pulling a giant cracker .
tom smith 's frolicsome frogs , also from 1907 , showed two frogs tugging on a cracker with the box promising to contain prizes such as miniature frogs , croakers , squeakers and riddles .
st george 's crackers : the beautifully designed box features patron saint of england famously slaying the dragon in a design surrounded by red and white roses .
an original set of tom smith 's ` bank of love ' christmas crackers , featuring a woman 's face set against a butterfly design on the blue and red crackers which are edged in lace , currently on display at the victoria and albert museum , london .
but the boxes also allow a glimpse into how christmas was celebrated in days gone by .
tom , a confectioner 's apprentice was on a trip to paris in 1840 when he saw some almond bon bons wrapped in tissue paper with a twist at each end .
he worked on introducing something similar to the people of london and for seven years he developed the idea .
he added mottoes and poems inside each one and the cracking mechanism - inspired by listening to the crackle of a log fire - was a strip of paper impregnated with chemicals which , when rubbed , created enough