by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
17:20 est , 24 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
20:17 est , 24 december 2012 .
sci-fi nuts in chicago have staged the charles dickens classic a christmas carol entirely in klingon , the fictional language of the villainous alien race in star trek .
the play is being staged at the raven theatre in chicago in the language created more than 30 years ago for the star trek race of long-haired , ridge-foreheaded warriors .
those who do not speak the language can enjoy the unfolding drama thanks to english subtitles .
scroll down for video .
klingon christmas : performer josh zagoren plays with a puppet used to represent ` tiny tim ' backstage before a performance of ' a klingon christmas carol ' in chicago .
actor kevin alves ' dialogue is projected on a teleprompter .
' a christmas carol ' is translated into the klingon language and adapted to klingon culture .
although klingon has a small vocabulary of between 2,000 and 3,000 words , it is the most spoken fictional language in the world , according to guinness world records .
last month a swedish couple were married in a klingon wedding ceremony at a star trek convention in london .
arika okrent stated in her book ` in the land of invented languages ' that there are probably around 20-30 fluent speakers of the language .
smiling : wyatt weber puts on his klingon make-up for a performance in ' a klingon christmas carol ' touch-up : an actor adds the finishing touches to the extensive make up required to portray a klingon .
sci-fi technology : jon beal -lrb- left -rrb- checks his mobile as josh zagoren -lrb- right -rrb- puts on his make-up .
performers sarah camargo -lrb- left -rrb- and christina romano prepare for a performance .
the klingon 's distinctive ridged forehead make-up is seen in the foreground .
high five : performers joke around as they they prepare backstage for the performance .
cheer : performer phil zimmermann celebrates as he plays a video game on his phone while waiting for curtains to go up .
star trek : cast members portray both vulcan and klingon characters in the play .
actor josh zagoren -lrb- left -rrb- reads a magazine while waiting backstage .
clark bender