the economic crises in italy appears to have hit the mafia because there are fewer businesses to extort .
the revelation comes after jailed cosa nostra boss giovanni di giacomo was secretly recorded complaining about the collapse of protection and extortion rackets .
he said that his men were only able to get around $ 5,000 to $ 7,000 a month from hotels and businesses , because so many are closing down .
the economic crises in italy appears to have hit the mafia as there are less businesses to extort , a mob boss has been recorded saying .
now , he said , the situation was so dire that it might be better for younger mafia members to give up a life of crime and get a ` real job ' instead .
di giacomo was observed in a year-long investigation led by palermo prosecutors francesca mazzocco and caterina malagoli , while he was in prison in parma , northern italy .
he wrote to jailed colleagues of his concerns over the organisation 's finances and the economy , the independent reports .
he was overheard telling an associate : ` hotels are closing , changing management , .
there 's no longer the work , the building sites .
' men working for the mob are only able to get around ¿ 5,000 to ¿ 7,000 a month from hotels and businesses , because so many are closing down .
italian policemen escort to jail mafia boss giuseppe dell ` aquila in naples on may 25 , 2011 .
dell ` aquila had been on a list of italy 's most dangerous fugitives .
it comes after last year 's reports that the cosa nostra had ordered its own review of spending - and cuts were hitting younger mob members , and families of those jailed .
however , the main bosses seemed to have been spared the axe on handouts .
it had been predicted at the start of italy 's recession that organised crime could flourish with businesses forced to take handouts from the criminal underworld .
but it seems that it is the mob themselves who are struggling , as extortion rackets relying on business are collapsing in the long winded economic downturn .