business magnate donald trump has suggested he may be about to throw a lifeline to the bankrupt atlantic city casino that shut its doors early this morning .
trump plaza hotel and casino became the fourth casino to go belly-up in the city this year when its last few gamblers left the blackjack table at 6am .
but mr trump hinted that this may not be the end of the line for the resort .
the real estate mogul took to social media to say he is considering buying back into both trump plaza and the beleaguered trump taj mahal .
scroll down for video .
mr trump hinted that this may not be the end of the line for trump plaza hotel and casino .
trump plaza hotel and casino became the fourth casino to go belly-up in the city this year when its last few gamblers left the blackjack table at 6am this morning .
he tweeted : ' i left atlantic city years ago , good timing .
now i may buy back in , at much lower price , to save plaza & taj .
they were run badly by funds !
' the businessman opened trump plaza in 1984 , when he described it as the finest building in atlantic city - and possibly the nation .
but he cut ties several years ago , and last month filed a lawsuit to get his name taken off of it .
despite its prime location at the heart of the boardwalk , gamblers have been abandoning trump plaza - which has seen better days - for newer , ritzier casinos for years .
its owners , trump entertainment resorts , allowed the casino to deteriorate , particularly after a sale for the bargain-basement price of $ 20 million to a california firm fell through last year .
business magnate donald trump has hinted that he might be planning to save trump plaza hotel and casino .
mr trump cut ties with the casino several years ago and last month filed a lawsuit to get his name taken off of it .
a lightly populated gambling floor of the trump plaza before it became the fourth casino to close in atlantic city .
the parent company has threatened to shutter the trump taj mahal casino resort in november , which has also been on a steady decline