if it were possible for anything to be hot in buffalo this winter , it was the newfangled ` ice bikes ' that debuted at an outdoor skating rink .
the bicycles on ice skates were an immediate hit when they glided onto the ice at canalside the day the new rink opened on the city 's waterfront .
since that december day , the bundled riders who have ignored breath-taking cold to rent them have convinced inventor lisa florczak that she 's onto something .
that , and the inquiries from several other cold-weather cities in wyoming , michigan , minnesota and canada interested in rolling them out next year .
scroll down for video .
lisa florczak -lrb- pictured -rrb- came up with her version of the ice bike after seeing on the internet that the contraptions were used in beijing .
' i had no idea if this would work or how people would respond , ' ms florczak said on a recent afternoon as some parkinson 's patients tested the bikes for their exercise potential .
' i thought i might end up being the laughingstock of the city .
' instead , she is relishing being part of buffalo 's efforts to revitalize its waterfront and draw people year-round , even when the lake erie breeze is something more endured than enjoyed .
the bikes give even nonskaters a chance to try out the ice , along with the warm nuts , hot cocoa and craft beer sold at nearby kiosks .
florczak 's family business , water bikes of buffalo , rented pontoon bikes that let riders pedal the buffalo river in warmer months .
then economic development officials put out a call for ideas for the 33,000-square-foot ice rink being built nearby on a recreation of the erie canal .
` they said the ice is going to be pretty large , and they thought they might need something more than just skating , ' ms florczak said .
curling , hockey and broomball leagues emerged .
' i thought : ` what a perfect opportunity to go from water biking to ice biking , ' ms florczak said .
the 26-inch bikes work with a dull blade in the front and a rectangular base attached to an ordinary bike frame .
the inventor had looked up ` things to do on ice