the australian branch of the world 's largest adult entertainment show has come under fire after publishing a joke about sex in prison on twitter .
sexpo australia , which has almost 15,000 followers on the social media site , tweeted on thursday : ` surprise sex is the best thing to wake up to .
unless you are in prison .
' the joke was removed after twitter users slammed sexpo for trivialising rape .
sexpo australia removed the offensive tweet after an outraged response on twitter .
those who took offence to the post included mistress tokyo , a dominatrix performer who presented at sexpo 2014 in australia .
` sexpo , please do n't joke about rape .
as a presenter at sexpo 2014 waking up to this this morning was a rude awakening indeed , ' she wrote in a twitter post .
columnist clementine ford added : ` woah .
seriously ?
a rape joke ?
not okay sexpo .
' another twitter user said : ` surprise jokey rape culture is the worst thing to wake up to .
especially from sexpo .
shame on you .
why is this still up ?
' customers enter the merchandise areas during melbourne sexpo 2009 .
mistress tokyo , a dominatrix performer who presented at sexpo 2014 in australia , was one of the furious twitter users who slammed the tweet .
one twitter user responded by saying ` jokey rape culture is the worst thing to wake up to ' and matt roverburg explained he would boycott the exhibition after the ` joke ' .
` @sexpoaustralia thinks rape is funny .
my regular #sexpo group will be boycotting this year 's event #sexpoaustralia , ' he wrote .
the controversial ` sexuality and adult lifestyle exhibition ' , which on its website claims to not just be about sex , was held on the gold coast in june and has also been held adelaide , melbourne and sydney .
male strippers ` menxclusive ' are shown here before their performance at sexpo in sydney .
an exhibitor selling underwear at sexpo in sydney on august 1 this year .
sexpo , which boasts an annual turnover of $ 10 million , featured more than 130 displays at the gold coast convention and exhibition centre .
sexpo general manager tracey browning told the gold coast