thousands of bare-breasted young swazi women paraded themselves in front of their king yesterday in a lavish ceremony to celebrate chastity and unity .
dressed in beaded skirts , clutching machetes and mobile phones , women and girls danced and sang tributes to the king and queen mother - also known as the great she-elephant - in a traditional umhlanga reed dance to celebrate womanhood and virginity .
those taking part dismissed criticism of the extravagant celebrations on sunday and monday , which took place in one of africa 's poorest countries , ruled by the continent 's last absolute monarch .
virgins : maidens sing and dance outside the queen mother 's royal palace after delivering reeds at ludzidzini in mbabane , swaziland , on sunday , ahead of monday 's reed dance .
celebrations : thousand of virgins took part in the event in honour of a royal family which has in some quarters been criticised for being out of touch with a country where many live in abject poverty .
national pride : many of the women taking part stressed their dedication to their king and their chastity .
` i 'm proud to be swazi and to be a virgin .
we are here to show unity with the king and with each other , ' said 18-year-old gcebine dlamini .
she braced herself against the cold of the southern hemisphere 's winter in her skimpy outfit as scores of tourists had photos taken next to the topless women .
king mswati iii , who has at least a dozen wives and a personal fortune estimated at $ 200million , faced unprecedented protests last year when his appointed administration ran out of money after a 2009 recession in neighbouring south africa .
despite the touch economic climate , the royal household has shown few signs of wanting to tighten its belt .
absolute monarch : king mswati iii , front , who has at least a dozen wives and a personal fortune estimated at $ 200million .
tradition : the maidens bring reeds cut from river beds , which they then presented to the queen mother in a mile-long singing and foot-stamping procession .
showing off the goods : in the past , the king has used the ceremony to choose a new wife , and some girls still hoped to catch the king 's eye