as an aid to literacy , generations of pre-teen youngsters followed the everyday adventures of peter and jane , the carefree stars of the ladybird book series .
thirty-six of the books were issued as part of the publisher 's key words reading scheme between 1964 and 1967 and remained in print , selling 80 million copies worldwide , with the illustrations undergoing an occasional redesign .
today , the peter and jane books are a valuable piece of british social history , and a side-by-side comparison compiled by a grown-up fan of the books has underlined just how much life changed during the years they continued to engage young minds in countless homes and schools throughout britain .
where once the brother and sister -- like their equally popular middle-class contemporaries janet and john -- could be seen doing all the things a boy and girl might be expected to do in the sixties , health 'n' safety , sexual and racial discrimination and political correctness intervened to shepherd them into a very different world .
helen day , who started a ladybirdflyawayhome.com website dedicated to old ladybird books , posted ` then and now ' photos on twitter @lbflyawayhome and invited followers to guess the respective dates .
but the pictures instantly became a fascinating chronicle of the subtle lifestyle changes that peter and jane underwent in the years following their first appearance .
` i was brought up reading the 1964 books and i loved them because they were very idyllic , ' said helen day , a 50-year-old teacher from hertfordshire .
` i was less keen on the later books because they were too much like real life .
' peaceful waters : in the sixties drawing , peter paddles a rubber dinghy without a care while pat , the family 's irish setter , splashes happily along beside him .
by the seventies , mop-haired peter must wear a brightly coloured life jacket .
all change : peter , jane and their friend keeps a tight rein on the docile pat as smartly dressed daddy gallantly helps his equally immaculate wife off the train , holding her handbag as he does so .
in the seventies , mum forges ahead while dad , still lumbered with the bag , follows meekly behind .
playing a straight bat : sixties peter stands poised at the