by .
daily mail reporter .
the former student who killed six people in a vengeful rampage in santa barbara had told a friend he wanted to hold down and rape women , the friend 's mother has revealed .
cathleen bloeser 's son was a childhood friend of killer elliot rodger and was among the 30 people who received his sick manifesto by email just seconds before he carried out the murders .
in the 141-page document , 22-year-old rodger described how he was going to kill his housemates , then slaughter women at a sorority house before opening fire on the streets of isla vista .
he explained that he was driven to kill after numerous women had rejected him .
` we could see that he was turning , ' mrs bloeser said .
` he 'd changed emotionally , and he 'd become very despondent and he wanted .
to get back at people .
' scroll down for video .
killer : elliot rodger , pictured , told friends he had thoughts of raping women , family friends said .
it comes as new details , reported by the national post on monday , reveal that , at the beginning of friday 's rampage , rodger had pounded on the front door of the alpha phi sorority house with the intention of opening fire - but no one answered .
several women heard rodger 's ` aggressive knocking , ' santa barbara county sheriff bill brown said .
` fortunately , no one opened .
' instead , he walked around the corner and opened fire on a group of students outside - shooting three , two of whom died .
he then went on to kill another student and injure many more .
mrs bloeser said that within the last year , his mental health had deteriorated and he was under psychiatric care but not taking his medication at the time of the spree .
she said rodger , who had spoken to her son philip and another one of his friends about wanting to sexually assault women , had invited her son over to stay at his home over the weekend .
but he and another childhood friend did not stay at the apartment .
on saturday , rodger 's two roommates and another male friend were found there stabbed to death .