by .
sarah michael .
mathew mcgrath , 18 , was arrested after a hoax emergency prompted a police swoop on his family home in arncliffe , sydney on wednesday .
a sydney teenager who was arrested after a hoax call to police caused authorities to swoop on his family home has denied making the call and says he is the victim of an elaborate prank .
police descended on the home in the southern suburb of arncliffe around 4.40 am on wednesday after reports shots had been fired and some of its occupants had been tied up .
mathew mcgrath , 18 , surrendered and was taken to kogarah police station for questioning but he has since been released from custody .
it now appears he may have fallen victim to a ` swatting ' prank , whereby callers phone in fake crimes to elicit an urgent police response to another person 's house .
swatting is a modern equivalent of a bomb hoax by telephone and is carried out using online technology that masks the perpetrator 's identity .
a search turned up no evidence of any shooting and nsw police are forensically examining three laptop computers and a smart phone found at the bonar street house .
` at this stage of inquiries , the matter is being investigated as a public mischief incident , ' police said in a statement .
the teen has been released pending further inquiries .
scroll down for video .
mr mcgrath 's sister kristy denied her brother made any calls to police , saying he was asleep at the time .
his sister kristy mcgrath said her brother did not contact the police to report a shooting and he was asleep in bed when it happened .
` the messages were sent via a computer , not actual phone calls , ' ms mcgrath told mailonline .
' i am positive that my brother mathew would not do such a ridiculous thing and whoever has done this should be ashamed of themselves .
` mathew is a kind hearted , well-natured man and does not deserve any of this .
' i can only hope that the people responsible are caught and held accountable for their actions .
' neighbour ray anderson described the teen as ' a very nice lad ' .
mr anderson told aap he was woken