by .
candace sutton in malaysia .
as a schoolboy , the captain of flight mh370 was enigmatic , a bit of a mystery and regarded as a very bright young man .
` he was always on the ball and spent most of his time in the library , ' malaysian airlines captain abdul manaf hasan told the mailonline .
captain zaharie ahmad shah is pictured in his science class photograph looking relaxed among a smiling group of young malaysian students in the late 1970s , reported metro news .
enigmatic and bookish : manaf hasan , a pilot friend of flight mh370 captain zaharie ahmad shah , said he was a bit mysterious and spent most of his time in the library during his college days .
captain zaharie ahmad shah is said to have been left distraught by his wife 's decision to move out of the family home in an upmarket kuala lumpur suburb .
his name misspelled as ` zahari ' , the future malaysian airlines boeing 777 captain wears a pair of long flared pants in a group of year 11 science students in 1978 at penang free school in northern malaysia .
zaharie had enrolled in the school - the oldest independent college in south east asia - after passing the qualifying exam in the same year .
school headmaster , jalil saad , who was two years ahead of zaharie at the school , described him as ` well liked ' and ' a book worm ' who did not deserve accusations of terrorism in the wake of the disappearance of the plane he piloted .
zaharie was ` studious , ' he said .
the penang free school 's senior administration assistant ho nean chan said he and zaharie had studied science alongside each other , and that ` he was a smart student.â $ ™ .
jalil saad said all the school 's ` old boys ' were regarded ` as brothers ' and had remained in touch with each other .
following the mh370 incident , the penang free school has held prayer meetings .
` we join the nation in grieving for the loss of all on board the jet liner , ' ho nean chan said .
captain manaf said he did not know captain zaharie 's ` personal situation ' but that he had been `