danny cipriani 's hopes of a six nations recall have been boosted by two conversations with england head coach stuart lancaster .
the sale fly-half has been in outstanding form following a summer in which he made two substitute appearances on england 's injury-hit tour to new zealand -- his first international caps for six years .
danny cipriani has played himself into contention for england recall with outstanding displays .
the 27-year-old , who will consider a move to french club toulon if he is overlooked for the upcoming tournament , remains behind bath 's george ford and saracens ' owen farrell in england 's no 10 pecking order .
but he is putting pressure on current third choice stephen myler , of northampton , following some superb recent displays .
lancaster met last week with cipriani -- whose brushes with authority and high-profile lifestyle have made england coaches wary of recalling him -- and sportsmail understands they also spoke on tuesday .
` danny 's encouraged by the conversations with stuart , ' said a source .
cipriani is expected to be named in the saxons side to face irish wolfhounds on january 30 .
cipriani will consider a move to french club toulon if he is overlooked for six nations .
lancaster and his coaches will hold a selection meeting on thursday .
he will announce his 33-man six nations squad next wednesday ahead of the opening fixture against wales on february 6 .
meanwhile , london irish are set to announce the signing of all black star ben franks .
sportsmail understands the 41-cap prop will join the sunbury-based outfit after the 2015 world cup in a deal worth around # 300,000 per season .
the exiles also confirmed that another kiwi -- highly rated chiefs assistant coach tom coventry -- will take over as director of rugby from the departed brian smith next season .
coventry said in a radio interview in new zealand : ` i 'm pretty sure he -lrb- franks -rrb- has gone through the process of signing his contract with them .
` it 's good to have him there , another kiwi and a quality player .
` obviously i was training teams to combat ben 's strength so it would be nice to have him on my side for a change .
'