by .
tom leonard .
last updated at 12:10 pm on 8th july 2011 .
questions : gerry adams interview tapes are being sought by prosecutors .
prosecutors in the u.s. are demanding that a university hands over to britain taped interviews in which former ira members purportedly accuse gerry adams of running a secret death squad .
researchers on an oral history project for boston college obtained the testimonies from two convicted ira terrorists between 2001 and 2006 .
adams , president of sinn fein , has always denied being an ira member , let alone heading a unit which -- in kidnapping , torturing and killing suspected informants -- carried out some of its most brutal acts .
the interviews being sought by northern ireland police are with brendan hughes , who was head of the ira in belfast , and dolours price , who took part in the 1973 old bailey car bombing and the unsolved killings of at least four people .
both later fell out with adams and sinn fein , criticising the northern ireland peace process .
the college says the pair only agreed to talk on condition their taped confessions remained sealed and their identities protected until after their deaths .
hughes died in 2008 , but price is still alive .
lawyers for the college claim releasing the details ` prematurely ' would not only damage the peace process but break the ira 's ` code of silence ' and could lead to ` punishment by death ' .
but northern ireland police want the tapes now , convinced they hold crucial clues to at least nine unsolved murders as well as kidnappings in northern ireland during the troubles .
bombings : dolours price was in one of the interviews with adams .
federal prosecutors have now asked a judge to order the university to comply under u.s. treaty obligations with the uk .
some of the testimony from hughes has already been used in a book and tv programme .
in his interview , he spoke about serving alongside adams and claimed the sinn fein leader was involved in the 1972 murder of jean mcconville , a mother of ten from belfast .
adams has denied being involved in the killing , claiming hughes was ` not well ' at the time he gave the interview .