by .
rebecca english , royal correspondent .
and martin robinson .
getting better : the queen walked unaided out of the marylebone hospital this afternoon after being taken there for treatment .
last night .
only a day after being admitted to hospital for the first time in a decade , the queen was yesterday well enough to go home .
and far from spending the next week recuperating , as doctors have suggested , the mail has learnt that she returned to work straight away .
instead of heading back to windsor castle last night , the monarch , who turns 87 next month , insisted on returning to buckingham palace to be briefed by her private office staff .
she was joined by the 91-year-old duke of edinburgh , who had a public engagement at the royal thames yacht club in knightsbridge last night .
and even though she is expected to return to windsor castle at some point this week , she will continue to receive the ` red boxes ' of official paperwork that follow her wherever she goes .
the monarch , who will celebrate the 60th anniversary of her coronation in june , went down with a debilitating case of gastoenteritis on friday and was advised to rest at windsor castle for the weekend .
the queen much prefers the relative informal nature of windsor to buckingham palace and considers it to be her true ` home ' .
but on sunday afternoon , concerned doctors decided she should be taken to king edward vii hospital for monitoring .
and although buckingham palace said she would be kept in for two days , her racing green bentley accompanied by four police outriders unexpectedly arrived outside the central london hospital yesterday lunchtime .
the queen , who had earlier in the day been visited and given the all-clear by her personal physician , professor john cunningham , stepped briskly through the front door .
wearing a pillar-box red coat with queen victoria 's diamond bow brooch pinned to her left shoulder and her beloved pearls around her neck , the queen had a sparkle in her eye and a spring in her step .
the only possible sign of her treatment was a black glove on her left hand , which might have been to cover the tell-tale signs of an intravenous drip .