australian tv star and former model charlotte dawson killed herself after receiving abuse from vicious trolls on twitter .
famed for tv shows such as ` australia 's next top model , the new zealand-born star , 47 , had a history of depression .
she was found dead in her sydney apartment on saturday morning .
police said there were no suspicious circumstances .
scroll down for video .
tragic : model and tv personality charlotte dawson has died at the age of 47 .
reports are emerging that she had battled depression for years .
scene : police were seen outside the wololoomoolloo wharf apartments where charlotte 's body was said to be found .
actor russell crowe and his children were seen making their way inside the building where the actor also lives , on saturday afternoon .
in 2012 , she was admitted to a sydney hospital after a suicide attempt following an ongoing tirade of abuse on twitter .
dawson spent hours defending herself , but signed off at 2.07 am with the message : ` you win x ' , with a picture of a hand holding tablets .
she also tweeted : ` hope this ends the misery , ' reported the sydney morning herald .
she later made fighting bullying her personal mission , waging an anti-bullying media campaign on television and radio and in newspapers and magazines as well as her beloved twitter .
her efforts and high public profile on the issue were recognised by the national rugby league , a major australian football association , which last year made her an anti-bullying ambassador .
last pictures : this is one of the last pictures of charlotte , which she posted on instagram page on friday , just one day before she was found dead .
model and mentor : charlotte is seen here with her fellow australia 's next top model co-stars , didier cohen , jennifer hawkins and alex perry in july 2013 .
the nrl 's one-community campaign is an extension of its zero-tolerance policy toward racial abuse in football .
dawson revealed in her 2012 autobiography ` air kiss & tell ' that she was frequently visited by the ` depression bogeyman ' .
she had long graced the pages of women 's gossip magazines and scenes in reality tv shows .
her modeling career had