by .
ruth styles .
published : .
06:49 est , 12 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
18:37 est , 12 june 2013 .
the 1,082 ft cruise ship set to be named by the duchess of cambridge has been unveiled ahead of today 's launch with a set of images that reveal the lavish interior and impressive rooms of the multimillion pound boat .
named the royal princess , the latest ship to be built by princess cruises certainly lives up to its regal name .
due to be launched in a traditional naming ceremony , the spectacular cruiser has everything the well-heeled guest could possibly want , including a fully-equipped games room , casino and a spa .
the royal princess also has a 28ft glass-bottomed viewing gallery , 10 different restaurants including one that specialises in steak and lobster , and 1,780 luxury staterooms .
scroll down for video .
fit for a princess : the royal princess steams towards southampton docks from italy where it was built ahead of the launch and naming ceremony today , set to be presided over by the duchess of cambridge .
opulent : the sun deck has its own private cabanas while the lotus spa is fully equipped and offers a huge range of facial and body treatments to guests .
vast : the enormous royal princess dwarfs the tiny tugboat guiding it through the solent as it eases into the docks at southampton .
the vessel arrived in southampton last week from the italian shipyard in montefalcone where she was built , and was met with a rousing welcome from the southampton university brass band , who played god save the queen as the ship hove into view .
the welcoming serenade was answered by the royal princess which boasts a specially made horn that plays the first notes of the theme song from the television show the love boat .
at the naming ceremony , the duchess of cambridge will see performances from natasha bedingfield and west end singer kerry ellis before officially christening the ship - now the largest in princess cruises ' 16-strong fleet , although it will be joined by a similarly sized sister ship , regal princess , next year .
the band of her majesty 's royal marines .
portsmouth and the pipe band of 1st battalion irish guards will