london fog has released its spring ad campaign featuring a debonair neil patrick harris - just days before the actor is slated to host the oscars for the first time .
the 41-year-old , who will make his hosting debut at the 87th annual academy awards on sunday , channeled the old hollywood film singin ' in the rain as he modeled a selection of timeless pieces from the iconic us label 's signature outerwear collection .
in one of the newly released images , the how i met your mother star did his best gene kelly impression , posing in a monochromatic gray suit and tie while resting a patterned umbrella on his shoulder .
scroll down for video .
red carpet ready : neil patrick harris , who is hosting this year 's oscars , modeled a tailored gray suit for london fog 's spring ads , which were released just days before sunday 's 87th annual academy awards .
casual friday : this black and white ad shows the 41-year-old sporting a herringbone jacket , a striped tie and dark denim for a more dressed down look .
another black and white shot shows mr harris in the same suit , but instead of standing , he is sitting on a leather chair with a herringbone jacket draped over his shoulders .
the actor also donned a tailored coat paired with a button-down shirt , a striped tie and a dark pair of denim for a modern take on a casual , yet classic look .
this is the second time mr harris has been the face of london fog .
last year , he and his husband david burtka , 39 , who have two children -- fraternal twins harper and gideon , posed together in their first ever fashion campaign for the label 's holiday ads .
taken man : mr harris can be seen touching his wedding ring in this back and white image .
he and his husband david burtka , 39 , got married last september .
team work : mr harris and mr burtka posed together for the brand 's holiday ads last year .
the newlyweds , who married last september , filmed a behind-the-scenes video for the label , in which mr harris talked about his upcoming projects .
' i am doing a little oscar thing , '