football association chairman greg dyke is open to the idea of a foreigner succeeding roy hodgson - as long as the manager in question has a deep understanding of the english game .
dyke confirmed earlier this summer that hodgson would remain three lions boss until his contract expires at the end of euro 2016 .
dyke says the fa board has not considered whether they should extend hodgson 's deal beyond that tournament and the england manager claims he has given it little thought himself .
fa chairman greg dyke -lrb- right -rrb- has refused to rule out the possibility of a foreign coach managing england .
roy hodgson will be england manager until after euro 2016 , but his future beyond that is uncertain .
dyke mentioned the possibility of a frenchman taking over as manager of england - arsene wenger -lrb- pictured -rrb- has been touted in the past .
` my four-year plan is to stay alive , ' hodgson quipped last week at a press conference at wembley .
should the fa decide to opt for a change after euro 2016 , which is likely given that hodgson will be nearing his 69th birthday then , a foreign manager could be considered .
the fa was criticised for appointing fabio capello and sven-goran eriksson before hodgson 's tenure , but dyke is refusing to rule out going down the same road again this time around .
` they would n't necessarily have to be english but they certainly would have to understand english football , ' dyke told press association sport at an fa grassroots event in lowestoft .
` you would n't rule out someone who is a scot or welsh or french but they would have to understand english football .
' the mention of a frenchman from dyke is interesting given that arsene wenger was reported to have been considered as a possible candidate for the england job in the past .
still , dyke is not in a hurry to start considering who should take the post and when .
` we have n't thought that far ahead , ' dyke said .
hodgson restored some faith to the nation 's football fans by guiding england to an impressive 2-0 win over switzerland in their opening euro 2016 qualifier last month .
wayne rooney -lrb- right -rrb- , named england captain