a french photographer has released a series of vertigo-inducing images of hong kong 's architecture .
romain jacquet-lagreze , 27 , has lived in the chinese city for more than four years .
his photos capture the soaring .
height of hong kong 's skyscrapers - he says some of his favourite new .
images were shots in the kwai tsing district and the western district of .
the city .
a french photographer has released 22 vertigo-inducing images of hong kong 's architecture .
romain jacquet-lagreze , 27 , has lived in hong kong for more than four years and finds it an inspiring city .
his photos capture the soaring height of hong kong 's skyscrapers which he enjoys to capture in his work .
the photographer says some of his favourite new images were shots in the kwai tsing district and the western district of the city .
he explains : ' i bought my first reflex camera soon after i arrived here ; it is this city that made me want to do photography ' he .
explains : ' i bought my first reflex camera soon after i arrived here ; it .
is this city that made me want to do photography .
living in an .
urbanised place , i naturally specialised myself in cityscape and .
architecture shots .
' romain explains that he had great feedback after releasing the fist book and was able to exhibit his work for the first time .
` somehow .
in april or may in 2013 my photos went viral on the internet .
then i .
was contacted by press from all around the world and my photos were .
featured in major publications in the uk , france , spain and many other .
countries .
' romain was so inspired by the architecture of hong kong that he felt compelled to carry his camera around so he was prepared when he saw inspiring buildings .
he says : ` living in an urbanised place , i naturally specialised myself in cityscape and architecture shots ' romain explains that he had great feedback after releasing his first book and was able to exhibit his work for the first time .
romain explains that he had great feedback after releasing the fist book and was able to exhibit his work for the first time