arsenal manager arsene wenger believes his side can not expect to just defend deep and look to hit manchester united on the counter-attack if they are to secure safe passage into the semi-finals of the fa cup on monday night .
the gunners head to old trafford on the back of a fine run in the barclays premier league , with sevens win in the last eight games putting them third , now a point ahead of united .
the last time wenger took his side to manchester at the end of january , they produced what many believe was a pivotal defensive-minded display to beat city 2-0 .
danny welbeck battles for the ball with calum chambers as arsenal trained ahead of their trip to old trafford for monday night 's cup tie .
arsene wenger is confident his team can beat manchester united by playing attacking football as they seek to defend their title .
theo walcott holds off nacho monreal as arsenal trained on sunday at their london colney training ground to prepare for old trafford .
alex oxlade-chamberlain lets fly with a shot , as arsene wenger promised his team would attack against louis van gaal 's united side .
wenger says his side wo n't try and sit deep when they face united on monday night , despite the recent success of that tactic .
wenger , though , maintains a concentrated rear-guard action alone will not be enough to see off louis van gaal 's side , who continue to grind out results despite a wave of criticism over their style of play .
` at manchester city , we scored the first goal , then we were on a defensive foot because they had to come out , and that -lrb- who scores first on monday night -rrb- is not predictable today -lrb- before the game -rrb- , ' said wenger .
` but what is for sure is both teams will go for it , so that means we will have to attack well and defend well .
' arsenal won against city despite having only 35 per cent possession .
wenger knows it is more about what you do when you have the ball than how long you keep hold of it .
the gunners squad are put through their paces as they look to reach wembley for the third time