by .
steve robson .
published : .
20:01 est , 28 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:27 est , 29 may 2013 .
it was billed as a night of ` decadence , debauchery and indulgence .
' but students who attended an oxford university may ball described a ` catastrophe ' after guests suffered burns from the hog roast , the entertainment failed to show and the food and drink ran out in a matter of hours .
the aptly-named the last ball was arranged by a joint committee from somerville and jesus colleges and charged # 150 a ticket with around 1,000 people thought to have attended .
` decadence ' : the last ball for oxford university students had promised to be an extravagant event but turned out to be a farce .
their ambitious plans had already caused a stir when it emerged they included hosting a live shark in a tank at the event .
but this feature had to be cancelled after the committee was inundated with complaints .
since the event , furious students .
have set up a facebook group to vent their anger at the ` farce ' and .
demand an explanation from the organisers .
one alumni ticket holder told oxford university magazine cherwell he felt ` monumentally ripped off ' .
it described ' a `` violent scrum '' for food , misleading advertising and ` unprecedented prices ' criticised by students and alumni .
' guests reported that there was only one stall serving a hog roast and the vegetarian halloumi option ran out early .
somerville college , at oxford , promised to throw a night of ` debauchery , decadence and indulgence ' one jesus student told cherwell this meant ` many were stuck with only lettuce wraps for the whole night ' .
the long queues prompted other ball-goers to push forward forcing those at the front close to the roast .
students posted pictures on the facebook page of burnt skin and dresses .
one described the melee as a ` violent scrum ' .
two acts who had appeared on advertising , clean bandit and cancun kid , failed to perform although they had given notice and attendees were notified via the ball 's facebook page .
students from jesus college have demanded an explanation from organisers .