he enjoyed this one .
beaming smile , arms outstretched and sliding on his knees into the corner flag , revelling in the adulation that was showered upon him .
steven gerrard had scored 176 goals for liverpool before tuesday night , including strikes that defined european and domestic finals , but no 177 seemed different , sweeter almost .
it was , perhaps , a reminder of his ability to produce just when it matters .
with all the speculation surrounding his contract , all the conjecture about whether he will stay at anfield or pursue a fresh challenge next year , gerrard could not have provided a more telling riposte when he burst into leicester city 's area in the 54th minute to settle a game liverpool needed to win .
video scroll down for sportsmail 's big match stats : leicester 1-3 liverpool .
steven gerrard -lrb- right -rrb- pumps the air after scoring the second goal in liverpool 's 3-1 victory over leicester .
leicester took the lead after leonardo ulloa 's strike hit the post before rebounding off simon mignolet for an own goal .
adam lallana celebrates after linking up with his former southampton team-mate rickie lambert to level the scores at 1-1 .
jordan henderson -lrb- left -rrb- secured the victory with a late strike following an error from leicester keeper kasper schmeichel -lrb- right -rrb- .
gerrard applauds the liverpool fans at the end of the game , after reminding any doubters of his worth to the club .
leicester -lrb- 4-4-2 -rrb- : schmeichel 5 ; de laet 5 , morgan 4 , wasilewski 5.5 , konchesky 5 ; mahrez 5 , cambiasso 5.5 , james 5 , schlupp 5 -lrb- moore 67mins , 5 -rrb- ; vardy 6.5 , ulloa 6.5 .
subs not used : hamer , drinkwater , king , albrighton , knockaert , wood .
scorer -lrb- s -rrb- : mignolet -lrb- og -rrb- 22 .
booked : schlupp , morgan .
liverpool -lrb- 4-2-3-1 -rrb- : mignolet 4.5 ; johnson 6 , toure 6.5 , skrtel 7 , manquillo 5 -lrb- moreno 46 , 5 -rrb- ; lucas 7.5 , henderson 7 ; sterling 7.5 , gerrard 8 , lallana 7 -lrb- allen 70 , 5 -rrb- ; lambert 7 -lrb- lovren 90 -rrb- .
subs not used : jones , coutinho , can , markovic