a babysitter broke down during her murder trial this week as she demonstrated the moment she claims a 14-month-old toddler died after his neck snapped .
michelle heale of tom 's river , new jersey claims she was trying to burp mason hess when he began choking on his applesauce , but when she pulled him off her shoulder his neck snapped backwards , killing the boy .
the mother of twins , who were in the next room when the incident happened and then just three years old , was charged with murder and endangering the welfare of a child after a medical examiner determined the boy died as a result of homicide caused by blunt cerebral trauma .
the prosecution has argued that heale shook the child to death .
scroll down for video .
michelle heale -lrb- above -rrb- breaks down during her trial for murder in the death of 14-month-old mason hess on tuesday as she reenacts the moments before his neck allegedly snapped .
she claims she was burping mason hess -lrb- above -rrb- when he began choking on his applesauce and that his neck snapped when she took him of her shoulder .
heale was babysitting mason as she was a friend of the family -lrb- mason 's mother kellie above -rrb- and her husband michael and mason 's father adam worked together as detectives .
nj.com reports that on tuesday heale , 46 , reenacted the moment the baby boy died with a doll .
she claims the young boy started coughing soon after she fed him some applesauce on august 28 , 2012 , and when his passageway did not seem to be getting clear , she immediately grabbed him to see if she could make him burp .
' i hit him hard on the back .
i may have hit him harder than i should have , ' heale said through tears after demonstrating on the doll .
' i hit him about four or five times , and then i felt the applesauce come out .
i felt it on my shoulder and i felt it on my shirt .
' thinking the crisis had been averted , she took mason of her shoulder .
` as i brought him down , his head snapped back ... he was completely limp , ' she said .
` his eyes