by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
published : .
05:15 est , 26 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
06:55 est , 26 february 2014 .
taxes on bingo would be slashed under plans being considered by george osborne to bolster the tories ' image among working class voters .
the chancellor is examining plans to cut to 20 per cent duty on earnings from bingo to 15 per cent , in line with online gambling and betting on horse races .
it is claimed the move would lead to bigger bingo prizes , investment in tired bingo halls and more jobs in some of the country 's poorest areas .
pulling power : chancellor george osborne is considering cutting the tax on bingo halls to bolster support among working class voters .
the chancellor tried his hand at pulling a pint at the red lion pub in whitehall which has reopened after a refurbishment .
the idea of a tax cut for bingo could become a totemic issue for the conservatives at a time when the party is desperate to shed its image as being dominated by ` out of touch ' southerners .
the plan has been discussed by treasury ministers and could be announced by mr osborne as part of next month 's budget aimed at wooing working families .
to burnish his man of the people credentials , the chancellor was last night seen pulling pints in the red lion pub near downing street .
tory party chairman grant shapps yesterday claimed his was the workers ' party .
in a speech he said : ` we are the party on the side of the whole nation .
we are the party on the side of working people .
the economic recovery has been boosted by new figures showing britain has become less reliant on consumer spending .
new data from the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- reveals that business investment rose by 2.4 per cent quarter on quarter in the final three months of 2013 .
it came as the ons confirmed that the economy grew by 0.7 per cent in the last three months of 2013 .
however the pace of growth overall last year was nudged down to 1.8 per cent from the previous estimate of 1.9 per cent .
prime minister david cameron welcomed the