by .
sam dunn .
millions of bank customers mis-sold useless credit card theft insurance are set for payouts from a # 1billion compensation fund .
customers of hsbc , barclays , santander , natwest and nationwide will be paid compensations over the next few months .
it follows an investigation last year by the financial conduct authority into cpp , a company which sold so-called card and identity theft cover via banks between 2005 and 2011 .
customers of hsbc , barclays , santander , natwest and nationwide will be paid compensations over the next few months .
the city watchdog found many debit and credit card customers were duped into buying these policies which offered unnecessary cover if you lost your credit card or were victim to identity fraud .
these policies , which together cost # 120 a year , promised cover of up to # 100,000 if crooks went on a wild spending spree with a stolen card .
but banks already cover customers for this for free .
and customers who thought they would be covered for up to # 60,000 in losses suffered through identity theft later found out this was for legal or administration expenses -- not the fraudulent debts run up .
but the cost of meeting such debts is usually met by the bank itself , triggering doubts about why customers even had to pay for such a policy .
after months of talks , the banks , cpp and city regulator are now close to a final compensation deal .
the banks will shortly begin sending out letters to affected customers with details of how to claim .
the compensation will leave the banks with an estimated # 1billion bill but there are fears that it could be higher .
justin modray said that it is thoroughly depressing to see another case of dreadful bank behaviour ripping off innocent customers .
this will add more financial strain to banks on top of the # 10billion recompense already racked up for mis-selling payment protection insurance .
justin modray , founder of consumer finance website candidmoney.com , said : ` although the payouts will be a welcome and long overdue boost to those households duped out of the money , it 's thoroughly depressing to see another case of dreadful bank behaviour ripping off innocent customers .
` by asking loyal customers