by .
sam webb .
published : .
04:00 est , 27 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:06 est , 27 march 2013 .
the use of contraceptive pills causes around 2,500 blood clots and 20 deaths every year in france , according to the country 's health watchdog .
the national agency for the safety of drugs and health products -lrb- ansm -rrb- undertook a study that found the pill was linked to thrombosis , or blood clots .
blood clots can be deadly , causing strokes or heart attacks if they get lodged in the brain or the heart .
a total of 14 of 20 deaths were caused by third and fourth generation pills - launched in the last 20 years - while the remaining six were blamed on first and second generation pills , reports the daily telegraph .
a study by a french health watchdog has found that the use of contraceptive pills causes around 2,500 blood clots and 20 deaths every year in the country .
the third generation pill was introduced in the 1990s and the fourth generation pill was approved within the last ten years .
the third and fourth generation pills are currently under scrutiny because of the case of 25-year-old marion larat , who has filed a lawsuit claiming that a later generation pill left her seriously handicapped following a stroke .
` the risk of venous thromboembolism applies to the population as a whole , but the risk is low , ' ansm said .
` it increases with age for all women , regardless of whether they use oral contraceptives or not .
` it is higher for users of third and fourth generation contraceptives than for users of first and second generation contraceptives .
' the ansm study was based on a statistical model .
in france the use of contraceptive pills is among the highest in the world .
in 2011 , nearly 4.27 million women were on the pill .
however , after the health ministry .
decided to more strictly regulate the prescriptions of these pills , the .
sales of the third and fourth generation of pills fell sharply .
after it was recently linked to four .
deaths , regulators in france suspended sales of the hormone treatment .
dianette , which is also used as an oral contraceptive