lena dunham got two nods from the golden globes on thursday , ending a rather rough year for the actress and writer on a high note .
the 28-year-old is nominated in two categories with her hit hbo series girls getting recognized for best comedy series and best performance by an actress -lrb- dunham -rrb- in a comedy series .
upon receiving the good news , dunham retweeted a post by one of the writers on her hit hbo series : ` every show but one in #goldenglobes category for comedy/musical has female show runners !
' scroll down for video .
good news : lena dunham got two nods from the golden globes , ending a rather rough year for the actress and writer on a high note .
the good news comes after a rather difficult year for the star , whose book not that kind of girl has received quite a bit of negative attention , questioning the veracity of her storytelling .
other stars celebrating on thursday included emma stone , who is nominated for her turn in independent film birdman .
the 26-year-old humorously wrote : ' i have no words .
i am so incredibly honored and grateful for this and feel insanely lucky to have had the chance to work with alejandro , michael , edward , and the whole cast and crew of the beautiful madness that is birdman .
now can someone please explain who this `` meryl streep '' woman is ?! ' ecstatic : michelle monaghan , who is nominated for true detective , gushed after hearing the news .
celebrating : emma stone , who is nominated for her turn in independent film birdman , sent out a humorous tweet -lrb- pictured with michael keaton -rrb- .
michelle monaghan , who is nominated for true detective told abc : ' i am so proud to be a part of a series as great as true detective .
i think this might be my `` alright , alright , alright '' moment .
woody and matthew are a dream to work with .
' adding : ` i 'm actually in australia at the moment , it 's about 2:45 a.m. and it was a pretty surprising way to wake up .
' i could n't be happier .
we are here visiting family , this was a really