by .
zoe szathmary .
published : .
22:20 est , 20 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:30 est , 21 october 2013 .
a mosquito species that can transmit both yellow fever and the dengue virus has been spotted in california .
the species , known as the aedes aegypti , is known for its dark color with white markings around its legs , medical daily reports .
it adds that unlike other mosquitoes , it prefers to bite people during all hours of the day , as opposed to only at night .
the mosquitoes are extremely difficult to contain because they need as little as a teaspoon of water to lay their eggs , the website adds .
the aedes aegypti mosquito , seen here in this file photo , can carry yellow fever and the dengue virus ... and has been spotted in california .
the insects ' impact would be enormous for california residents , tim phillips of the fresno mosquito and vector control district told the associated press .
` if it gets away it will change the way we live in california .
you may not be able to sit on your patio and enjoy a cup of coffee during the day without getting bit , ' he said .
the associated press adds that so far none of the mosquitoes trapped and examined in clovis , california have carried diseases .
officials are concerned , however , that if they bite someone infected , there could be an outbreak .
california officials are concerned about the potential spread of aedes aegypti mosquitoes , like the one seen in this file photo .
florida has battled an outbreak earlier this year .
there have been approximately 200 cases of dengue fever since 2010 , the associated press continues .
health officials think this outbreak of mosquitoes could have originated from eggs on containers imported into the country .
the las vegas guardian express reports the california is a prime target for the mosquitoes ' attack , since they die in cold weather .
in september npr reported that health officials in florida were trying to control a dengue fever outbreak spread by the mosquitoes .
until 2009 when there was a key west outbreak , dengue fever had n't been seen in florida for over 70 years .
dengue fever