giant ribbons of moist air flowing north from the tropics - each carrying 1,000 times more water than the thames - are to blame for britain 's recent floods and wet summers , scientists believe .
the ` atmospheric rivers ' , which bring the equivalent of the amazon 's content in rain , are thought to have caused the worst 10 winter floods to have hit the uk since 1970 .
now scientists believe they may also be linked to heavy rain in the summer , suggesting they pose an all-year threat to the country 's flood defences .
why does it always rain on us ?
this graphic shows how huge ` atmospheric rivers ' in the sky are causing floods in britain .
water from warm atlantic waters west of portugal and north africa evaporates and the moist air is carried north by depressions .
the air cools as it rises above britain 's mountainous west coast , producing heavy cloud and then downpours .
deluge : an aerial view of tewkesbury , gloucestershire , in the summer of 2007 .
scientists believe giant ribbons of moist air flowing from the atlantic are causing flooding in britain all year round .
submerged : scientists believe the 2007 flooding in tewkesbury may have been caused by ribbons of moist air each carrying 1,000 times more water than the river thames .
measuring up to 300 miles wide and .
extending up to 2,000 miles from the tropics to northern europe , they .
can bring torrential rainfall that lasts days .
researchers .
say there are only four or five parts of the world where the ribbons .
form - and one of them is located above britain .
the .
uk is particularly vulnerable because of its mountainous west coast , .
which causes the moisture-laden air to rise and cool , creating rain .
clouds .
a .
study by meterologists at reading university found that atmospheric .
rivers caused winter floods , including those which devastated cumbria in .
november 2009 and cornwall in november 2010 .
but .
the phenomenon has also been linked to the heavy downpours that hit .
britain in june , and scientists believe the ribbons may be to blame for .
flooding which struck large parts of the country in the summer of 2007 .
recurring problem : tewkesbury