a man who calls himself ` mule ' has been riding through towns and cities in the u.s. for nearly 30 years with three real mules carrying his rather more high-tech possessions .
the 65-year-old man describes himself - on his facebook page - with the words : ` we are mules .
we are from the outside .
we live outside all day , every day .
' he has been spotted by people in locations including outside the apple headquarters in silicon valley and walking across the golden gate bridge with his three-animal pack and saddlebags - which admittedly contain three mobiles , two voice recorders , a digital camera and a samsung tablet computer which he uses to update his website .
master : ` mule ' - he has no other name - has ridden across american with his three-mule team .
mule , whose real name is john sears , grew up in suburbia , just south of san francisco , near los altos , according to the atlantic , .
a nomad by choice , he apparently bought his first mule 10 years ago in spokane , washington , so he could carry more supplies with him into the bush and visit towns less often .
mule says he works menial jobs in the winter months in order to buy what he needs .
he travels during the summer , walking by day and sleeping in public spaces or on grass beside the road at night .
while no details are known about why .
mule started his wandering , in recent years he has become a campaigner .
against urban development in california which , he warns , is gradually being subsumed into a ` megatropolis ' .
` the space is continually shrinking , ' he told the press democrat .
` we have to bring the man-made world into balance .
' team : two of the mules that have walked across the cities and countryside of the u.s. back and forth : mule has been walking across the american west for the past 29 years .
diary : mule carries three mobiles , two voice recorders , a camera and a computer to document his travels on facebook and his website .
according to his website , his nomadic lifestyle made him notice ` an ever increasing urban sprawl '