do n't want to be confronted with the number of calories in that margarita or craft beer ?
then avoid the menu and order at the bar .
new menu labeling rules from the food and drug administration will require chain restaurants with 20 or more outlets to list the amount of calories in alcoholic drinks , along with other foods , on menus by next november .
the idea is that people often do n't know -- or even think about -- how many calories they are imbibing .
caloric impact : a new fda rule will require u.s. restaurants with over 20 outlets to list nutritional information for alcoholic beverages including beer and cocktails .
but the rules do n't apply to drinks ordered at the bar or any drinks that are n't listed on the main menu .
the wine list will also be guilt-free -- individual calorie amounts are n't required there either .
and unlike other beverages and foods , most bottles and cans of alcohol do n't have to list full nutritional information .
after years of lobbying for more nutritional information on alcoholic beverages , public health advocates say the menu labeling rules are a first step .
` alcoholic beverages are a key contributor to the calories americans are consuming , and most of the time when people have a drink they have absolutely no idea what its caloric impact is , ' says margo wootan of the center for science in the public interest .
her group petitioned the government more than a decade ago to require that bottles and cans be labeled with robust nutritional information .
the fda 's proposed menu labeling rules in 2011 exempted alcohol .
but fda commissioner margaret hamburg said the agency decided to include it in the final rules this year after those who commented on the rule were largely in favor of such labeling because of its potential impact on public health .
the beer , wine and spirits industries objected , arguing that they were regulated by the treasury department , not the fda , a setup that dates back to prohibition .
treasury 's oversight , which includes minimal input from fda , has ` well served the consuming public , ' a coalition of alcohol groups wrote in a 2011 comment asking to be left out of the menu labeling