israeli authorities have located a body close to where american student aaron sofer , pictured , went missing friday in the jerusalem forest .
israeli police said today there is ' a strong possibility ' they have found the body of an american seminary student who disappeared while hiking in jerusalem last week .
police spokesman micky rosenfeld said the body was found in the same area where aaron sofer disappeared last friday .
sofer , 23 , of lakewood , new jersey , had been hiking with a friend in a hilly , forested area on the outskirts of jerusalem .
` there is a strong possibility that it is the body of the missing student , ' rosenfeld said , stressing that a forensics team was still trying to confirm the identification .
rosenfeld would not elaborate or say whether there had been any signs of foul play .
police have been conducting an extensive search for sofer , an ultra-orthodox student at a yeshiva - a jewish religious school named for its founder , rabbi tzvi kaplan .
sofer 's parents flew to israel to assist with the search , and made a heart-breaking plea for any information that would lead to his whereabouts .
today , authorities reported that they found a body in the jerusalem forest .
there was no immediate confirmation whether the body found belonged to aaron sofer , though israeli media quickly reported that this was the case .
local news outlets had earlier reported that some of sofer 's belongings were found by police dogs .
the discovery comes after the family of the missing student called on the israeli defense force to join the search on monday , amid fears he could have been the victim of ongoing tensions with palestinians .
scroll down for video .
forensics : forensic team members work thursday near the place where a body was found next to ein karem village .
body : israeli police and volunteers found a body near a forest in jerusalem on thursday while searching for aaron sofer , but said no formal identification had yet been made .
sofer failed to return home on friday after becoming separated from a friend on a wooded slope in the jerusalem forest , near to where a palestinian boy was found burned last month in a revenge attack for the murder