by .
ray massey .
last updated at 10:32 pm on 29th july 2011 .
families are facing record fare rises as airlines begin to pass on increasing fuel costs and soaring taxes .
the warning comes just days after ryanair announced a 12 per cent hike on ticket prices .
experts believe it is ` inevitable ' other airlines will follow suit .
price hikes : a double double whammy of fuel price hikes and soaring taxes has led to budget carrier ryanair announcing a 12 per cent rise in ticket prices .
the increase would see # 300 added to a holiday in florida for a family of four , or nearly # 100 for the same family flying to spain .
easyjet chief executive carolyn mccall warned that families ' foreign holidays were being hammered by the government and would soon become a luxury only the privileged could enjoy .
she said : ` this is unfair on hard-working families .
britain is one of the only european countries to tax air passengers .
' there was a limit to how far even low-cost airlines could keep cutting costs against a background of high oil prices and taxes , she added .
' i think fares will rise inevitably because you have to pass on the cost of fuel some way .
all airlines will have to do it .
all prices will rise .
' ` unfair ' : easyjet ceo carolyn mccall warns foreign travel could soon be a luxury only the privileged could enjoy .
british airways boss willie walsh said fuel costs had shot up by 35 per cent and the company 's fuel bill this year would be # 4.47 billion -- a third of its total costs .
of a return ticket to orlando in florida costing # 600 , # 340 is basic fare and # 260 is made up of fuel -lrb- # 170 -rrb- , air passenger duty -lrb- # 70 -rrb- and local taxes .
a 12 per cent fare hike could see the fare rise by # 72 -- or by # 288 for a family of four .
passengers face a second round of price increases from 2012 when the controversial air passenger duty -lrb- apd -rrb- is set to increase by double the rate of inflation .
an announcement is expected in the pre-budget