by .
john hall .
a german farmer has discovered metal and human bones in a field - raising suspicions they may be the remains of a british tank and its crew which fell prey to the nazis less than a week before ve day .
martin bergbauer , 55 , said his tractor struck a hard object as he cut the grass in the field .
on kneeling down to inspect the damage he realised he had hit a large chunk of metal .
aware of rumours that a british tank had been destroyed in the area near his field in kutenholz - a municipality near the german city of stade in lower saxony - during the final few days of the second world war , mr bergbauser called in the police who subsequently found human remains .
remains : it is thought the chunk of metal may be the track cover from a cromwell tank belonging to the british army 's 7th armoured division .
if that 's the case , the occupants are likely to have died just days before ve day .
discovery : officers arriving at the site called in bomb disposal experts who managed to uncover the armoured side of a tank and also parts of a human skeleton , including the thigh bone .
officers arriving at the site called in bomb disposal experts who managed to uncover the armoured side of a tank and also parts of a human skeleton , including the thigh bone .
police spokesman rainer .
bohmbach said digging stopped as soon as the bomb disposal .
units were able to determine there was unlikely to be anything dangerous close to .
the surface .
the human remains have now been sent away for analysis , and the site temporarily sealed off .
british forces did not reach the area where the tank was found until the very final stages of the second world war , so if the debris does turn out to be the remains of a british tank , it is likely to have been destroyed within a week of ve day .
on hold : police spokesman rainer bohmbach said digging temporarily stopped as soon as the bomb disposal units were able to determine there was unlikely to be anything dangerous close to the surface .
although it can not be determined how the