by .
sarah griffiths .
the woodpecker 's brain can withstand repeated collisions when it rapidly pecks at a tree looking for food - and now scientists think they know why .
the bird avoids brain injury , despite the repeated high-speed impacts , because of the unique structure of its skull and beak , which reduces the impact on the brain .
chinese scientists have found that its body stores 99 per cent of energy from impacts as strain energy - the energy stored by an object which changes temporarily because of an applied force .
the woodpecker avoids brain injury - despite the repeated impacts sustained by pecking at trees - because of the structure of its skull and beak , which reduces the impact on the brain .
scientists measured the stress at different times during pecking .
-lrb- a -rrb- and -lrb- e -rrb- are moments of readiness to peck , -lrb- b -rrb- and -lrb- d -rrb- are moments of departure and return and -lrb- c -rrb- marks the moment of collision .
arrows on the beaks show velocity direction .
it is clear the high levels of impact -lrb- shown in red -rrb- spread though the bird 's body after a collision .
experts are interested in how the woodpecker protects its brain and body from shock and vibrations because it could help develop anti-shock devices and structures , which could be used in next-generation , spacecraft , cars and protective clothing .
dr wu from the dalian university of technology said that spacecraft face the constant danger of collisions with space debris , which can be expensive and can put lives at risk .
scientists could design anti-shock materials inspired by the structure of a woodpecker , to dissipate the energy created by an impact from one spot and spread it across a larger area to reduce damage .
new materials could also make car crashes less violent , which could reduce the number of people suffering severe head injuries in collisions .
experts are interested in how the .
woodpecker protects its brain and body from shock and vibrations because .
it could help develop anti-shock devices and structures , which could be .
used in next-generation , spacecraft , cars and protective clothing .
engineers at the state key lab of structural analysis for industrial equipment , which is part of