by .
anthony bond .
published : .
21:21 est , 8 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
08:54 est , 9 december 2012 .
the djs at the centre of the hoax call scandal to the duchess of cambridge 's hospital face being questioned by detectives following the death of jacintha saldanha , it has emerged .
scotland yard is understood to have been in contact with police in australia as it emerged mel greig and michael christian had gone into hiding .
they are said to be receiving medical assistance amid .
growing fears for their ` physical and emotional wellbeing ' .
loss : mel greig , left , and .
michael christian , right , are expected to be questioned by police officers following the death of jacintha saldanha .
the pair have been caught in an international backlash following the suspected suicide of mrs saldanha on friday morning .
while .
it is not thought the presenters broke any laws , it is expected they will .
be interviewed by police .
scotland yard is preparing a report for mrs .
saldanha 's inquest and requires statements from them .
speaking to the sun , nick kaldas , .
deputy commissioner for new south wales said : ` if you 're going to .
prepare a coroner 's brief you will need to look at all aspects of it .
` there 's this question of what was said and done .
' the boss of the radio company at the .
centre of the royal hoax call yesterday refused to sack the djs behind the .
stunt and painted them as victims .
the 2dayfm .
presenters were both taken off air after the death of mrs saldanha emerged .
the 46-year-old mother of two , had been manning the hospital .
switchboard when the australian hoaxers called and she transferred the .
call to the duchess of cambridge 's ward .
tragic : the grieving husband of nurse jacintha saldanha who died in a suspected suicide has told of his devastation at her death .
she is pictured centre , believed to be with her two children .
rhys holleran , the chief executive of .
southern cross austereo , which owns the station , said the presenters .
were ` completely shattered ' and had been offered counselling .
his