by .
mark duell .
last updated at 3:35 pm on 24th august 2011 .
a climber fell more than 4,000 ft to his death while going up the iconic half dome summit in yosemite national park .
he is the 17th person this year whose death was caused in the california park , which is on track for one of its deadliest years in recent memory .
a group of rock climbers saw him tumble down the granite outcropping 's sheer face on monday evening and he was recovered the next day .
another fatality : a climber fell more than 4,000 ft to his death while ascending the iconic half dome summit in yosemite national park .
a rescue team of rangers was not dispatched until tuesday morning because of nightfall , a park spokesman said .
a helicopter crew found the man 's body in the morning during an aerial search , reported the san francisco chronicle .
rangers reached him on a talus slope soon after and recovered some personal items they believe were his nearby as well as from the summit .
but officials are so far baffled as to who he is as no identification has been found - and they also do n't know whether he fell or jumped .
however a park spokesman said it ` looks like it was accidental at this point ' and investigators think he was properly equipped .
` chances are he went up the cables and then went down the face , either accidentally or by suicide , ' he told the sacramento bee .
deadly year : yosemite national park officials in california are so far baffled as to why so many people have died there in 2011 already compared to other years .
an autopsy is expected to be performed on wednesday by mariposa county medical examiners .
as the park continues a deadly year , it .
is the 17th death in 2011 either to occur in yosemite itself or due to .
injuries sustained there .
` chances are he went up the cables and then went down the face , either accidentally or by suicide ' yosemite park spokesman .
it 's the second death in a month on half dome after hayley laflamme , 26 , died last month after falling 600ft in difficult weather conditions .
the park has