by .
alexandra klausner .
eighteen dogs and two cats were rescued from a filthy pacific grove , california home on wednesday .
animal rescuers from the spca for monterey county had to force open the doors of the home because they were blocked by ' deep piles of feces and garbage , ' reports ktvu .
upon entering the home , rescuers ' eyes began to burn from the smell of ammonia and toxins from urine .
scroll down for video .
multiple dogs and cats were rescued from uninhabitable pacific grove house .
the home was filled with piles of garbage and feces so high that spca officers had to force open the doors .
four of the animals were puppies who suffered from varying degrees of flea infestation and infection .
animal rescue officers needed to enter the filthy home wearing protective gear because the smell of feces and ammonia ridden urine was so strong .
many of the animals suffered from dental loss and infection because of the filthy conditions in the home .
the house which is considered a historic home by the heritage society of pacific grove , is declared uninhabitable .
the toxic smells from animal waste was so potent that the pacific grove fire department urged rescuers not to enter the home without protective gear .
the pets , four of whom were puppies , are recovering from flea infestations , eye discharge and trauma , ear infections , hair loss and dental disease .
two of the dogs were pregnant and the other pets are not spayed or neutered .
beth brookhauser with the spca told ktvu that it would be a few weeks before the sick animals would be up for adoption .
` right now the animals are being nursed back to health , giving them lots of love and compassionate care , ' she said .
the home which is considered a historic home by the heritage society of pacific grove , is declared uninhabitable .
sfgate reports that spca officers are most likely going to submit the case to the monetrey county district attorney for possible animal neglect charges against the owners .
the homeowner 's identity has not been made public .
animal rescue officers had to force open the doors of the home because the piles of filth were so high .
four of the