with their drastically different price points and clientele , primark and prada should be poles apart when it comes to looking after their customers .
but it has been revealed that the two stores have one unexpected thing in common : their level of customer service .
an independent guide to london shops has awarded both retailers a rating of just two out of five for their customer service .
not so posh : luxury department store prada , who show their collections on the world 's most famous catwalks , have been rated the same at primark for customer service .
with the designer bond street store attracting the likes of victoria beckham and gwyneth paltrow , with an average handbag costing around # 700 , customers should expect an excellent level of service .
but in fact , the research by fashion journalist tracy rose and her husband russell for the third edition of their shopping guide , fashion fabulous london , reveals a surprisingly low score for the iconic italian brand .
bargain basement : primark , which copies prada 's designs and sells them for a fraction of the price , received the same rating as the designer store .
the 100-year-old brand , .
whose designs often inspire cheap product ranges by bargain retailers such as primark , received a much worse customer service review .
than it 's cheaper counterpart .
tracy rose , who visited the store , said : ` once there , it seemed that the sales assistant had problems with person recognition , or maybe that she had come off a trance training course .
' famous fans : the likes of rosie huntington-whiteley and beyonce -lrb- both pictured attending prada 's costume gala -rrb- are huge fans of the 100-year-old brand .
writing about her visit to the 80,000 square foot oxford street primark store , she commented that the service at the till was ` actually very friendly ' , which led to the service rating being doubled .
the roses carried out reviews of 200 different shops in the capital and decided that good service speaks for itself and therefore they judge it accordingly .
tracy rose is a milliner and a fashion journalist on bbc , ltv , channel 4 , five , sky news , gmtv , london tonight and was a diarist for london