by .
sian boyle .
coca-cola has come under fire over a # 20million anti-obesity campaign it is running in 70 parks this summer .
thousands of families will be urged to take part in free sports sessions such as tennis , rounders and zumba from friday as part of the coca-cola zero parklives .
but nutrition campaigners claim it is an ` obscene ' attempt to distract attention from the company 's part in fuelling britain 's obesity epidemic .
launch : wayne and coleen rooney pose together to promote coke zero in this 2006 advert .
earlier this month , public health officials warned that children are consuming around 40 per cent more sugar than is recommended .
public health england said soft drinks were the chief culprit , providing the largest source of sugar in the diets of those aged four to 18 .
drinks such as coca-cola , with nine teaspoons of sugar per can , accounted for 30 per cent of added sugar intake for those aged 11 to 18 , the national diet and nutrition survey found .
coca cola 's coke zero , a diet coke for men in a black can : the food industry lobby has been granted dozens of meetings with ministers since 2010 .
yesterday dr aseem malhotra , .
cardiologist and science director for campaign group action on sugar , .
branded coca-cola 's parks scheme ` a really disingenuous stunt ' .
dr malhotra said : ` they are trying to deflect attention from their own part in creating an obesity epidemic , which has been fuelled almost entirely by rising calorie consumption .
' he added that ` obscene ' attempts by firms to associate themselves with active lifestyles could encourage the public to consume more unhealthy products , wrongly assuming that small amounts of activity would be enough to balance it out .
wayne and coleen rooney helped to launch coca-cola zero in 2006 .
the parks project bearing its name will see activities such as basketball , hula-hooping and t ' ai chi in london , birmingham and newcastle , with plans to expand it to more cities in the future .
the coca-cola zero parklives project is the latest offshoot of the controversial ` public health responsibility deal ' , under which the food and drink industries can effectively regulate themselves .
the