by .
graham smith .
published : .
10:35 est , 21 august 2012 .
| .
updated : .
10:35 est , 21 august 2012 .
guilty : elementary school teacher paul chapel molested 13 students over a five-year period .
he faces 25 years to life in prison .
an elementary school teacher who molested 13 students over a five-year period faces 25 years to life in prison .
paul chapel iii pleaded no contest to the charges yesterday just as his preliminary hearing was about to begin in san fernando superior court in los angeles .
the 51-year-old admitted 13 counts of lewd acts upon a child .
some of his victims were in court preparing to testify against their former teacher .
deputy .
district attorney elena abramson said chapel will be sentenced to 25 .
years in state prison when he returns to court on september 20 .
the .
telfair elementary school teacher was initially charged last year with .
molesting four children .
prosecutors added nine more children to the .
case in may .
the molestations occurred between september 2006 and april 2011 and involved children between the ages of eight and nine .
although .
chapel was charged with molesting four children last year , los angeles .
unified school officials waited until february to tell parents of his .
third-grade students about his arrest .
even .
then , they only did so because two teachers at nearby miramonte .
elementary school were arrested on suspicion of molestation and .
reporters investigated if any other teachers in the area had been .
removed on similar grounds .
chapel was fired from his job in march .
according to court documents seen by the daily news los angeles , the district ignored repeated complaints about chapel 's conduct around children .
not .
only that , but he had previously left a private school after allegedly .
making inappropriate comments during a sex education class .
chapel taught at telfair elementary school -lrb- pictured -rrb- in the san fernando valley .
and .
he was tried but not convicted of another alleged molestation in 1997 .
in which he was accused of abusing an eight-year-old neighbour and .
friend of his son who was sleeping at his house .
that case went to trial but chapel was n't convicted due to