a woman who says she received explicit photos and messages from a married professor at the u.s. naval war college in rhode island has apologized for making their alleged correspondences public .
john schindler , a former nsa intelligence and a very public critic of whistle-blower edward snowden , was placed on leave on monday after his flirtatious emails and a racy photo of his penis were posted on twitter .
the woman , who lists her name as lesley .
on twitter and uses the handle @currahee88 , tweeted on tuesday that she .
was ` truly sorry ' and that ` if i could go back and change this i would .
do so immediately .
' a woman , known only as lesley , who says she received explicit photos and messages from john schindler , pictured , a married professor at the u.s. naval war college in rhode island has apologized for making their alleged correspondences public .
lesley allegedly gave screenshots of schindler 's intimate messages to @t3h_arch3r , a self-described internet troll , who then posted the photos online .
naval war college has said it is investigating schindler and he has been placed on leave .
in her tweets , lesley also stated that the photo was not unsolicited and that her aim had been to embarrass schindler and inform his wife .
she then deactivated her twitter account .
@t3h_arch3r , whose real name is trent jensen and who has also deleted his twitter account , told buzzfeed that both he and lesley had received threats since the publication of the photos .
teacher : schindler is professor of national security affairs at the us naval war college .
` i 've been getting a lot more than her because i 'm the one who posted the photos , ' he said .
jensen , who is confident the posts are real , said he was n't sure if he regretted posting the photos .
` -lsb- schindler -rsb- is somebody that 's supposed to be instructing our people on how to do things the right way .
the information that was presented to me was that she was the victim .
it was `` hey i need help .
'' she reached out to me for help .
' schindler , who is professor of national security affairs at the college