a twitter-user signposted cyber-attacks which crippled the home office website by flooding it with huge amounts of internet traffic , a jury has heard .
mark johnson , 44 , of stoke-on-trent , staffordshire , is accused of encouraging the attack by the international hacking group anonymous , which sent the government sites into meltdown .
the prosecution say johnson encouraged a cyber-attack on websites run by the home office and home secretary theresa may by posting links on his twitter page .
mark johnson -lrb- pictured -rrb- is accused of encouraging the attack by the international hacking group anonymous .
johnson is alleged to have posted a link on his social media account which meant other web users could join in with the hacking attack launched by the cyber activist group anonymous in 2012 .
a court heard the distributed denial of service -lrb- ddos -rrb- attack - where a website is flooded with traffic to make it crash - took place between june 15 and june 18 , 2012 .
it began when hackers anonymous posted a video on youtube on june 12 which announced ` operation theresa may ' - a two-day online assault on the home secretary .
home secretary theresa may was targeted as part of a two-day online assault by hacking group anonymous .
johnson is accused of posting a link to the code for the attack on the home office on his twitter page @mlyjohn on june 15 , 2012 .
the court heard his tweet has since been deleted and he told police somebody must have hacked into his account to post the link .
but the jury of 10 women and two men were told computer experts had analysed his computer and found there was no evidence of anyone accessing his device .
johnson denies one charge of encouraging or assisting an offence under section 3 -lrb- 1 -rrb- of the computer misuse act 1990 .
timothy devlin , opening the prosecution case on the first day of his trial at birmingham crown court , said : ` what this really is a case about is computer hacking .
` the offence was what is called a distributed denial of service .
what we accuse mr johnson of doing is helping others to crash the home office computers .
` ddos is a situation where a large number of people simultaneously