the girlfriend of a british student killed in the alps plane tragedy told last night how he switched flights ` at the last moment ' - and revealed she did not blame the co-pilot who crashed the jet .
paul bramley , 28 , died when andreas lubitz locked the germanwings flight 's captain out of the cockpit before flying the plane into a mountainside , killing all 150 people on board .
but girlfriend anneli tiirik , 23 , said she did not blame lubitz , 27 , who had hidden a sick note on the day of the crash and was found to have researched suicide methods in the days leading up to it .
couple : anneli tiirik -lrb- right -rrb- said she did not blame the co-pilot for the death of her boyfriend paul bramley -lrb- left -rrb- .
killer co-pilot : andreas lubitz locked the captain out of the cockpit before flying the plane into a mountainside .
she told the sunday people : ` i can not hate or blame someone for being sick .
instead of blaming sick people and trying to understand their motives from the perspective of a health mind , we should concentrate on changing the system that enables such people to be in positions of power .
' the music student - who began dating mr bramley four years ago - said she hoped airlines would bring in greater checks , such as brain scans , to prevent similar disasters in future .
she said she had waited for mr bramley at manchester airport , having flown in herself from estonia , before later learning of the crash .
` he was originally meant to land in manchester on the monday night , but he changed his flight at the last moment for tuesday .
tribute : flowers in front of a monument in le vernet , france , in homage to victims of the germanwings flight .
martyn matthews -lrb- centre left , with his family -rrb- , 50 , from wolverhampton , was among the other britons killed .
` that was all the information his mum and i had , because he had switched off his mobile phone .
i had a bad feeling because he would never have left me alone waiting like that .
' probing : search operations last month at the crash