police have mounted uniformed patrols around an army reserve after two girl cadets were threatened with beheading as they left the centre .
two men had shouted the violent threats as they drove past the teenage cadets , who were n't in uniform at the time .
the pair , driving in a vauxhall zafira , were said to have asked the girls if they were in the army before threatening them with beheading .
police have issued a photo of two men in a car after two teenage girls were threatened with beheading as they left an army reserve centre .
two girl cadets were threatened with beheading by men as they left the army reserve centre in gateshead -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
police have traced the car , which is left-hand drive and appears to have foreign plates , and were trying to establish the identity of the occupants .
the driver was described as black or asian , in his 40s , and of plump or muscular build with a black bushy beard and wearing dark clothes .
the passenger was also said to be black or asian , in his 30s , and had short black hair and stubble .
it comes weeks after british police forces warned officers not to wear uniforms on the way to work after an isis-style plot to kidnap and behead an officer .
more than 7,000 officers in the west midlands were warned they were in imminent danger following an anonymous telephone call to their headquarters on december 8 .
other forces urgently reviewed safety precautions and warned officers not to wear their uniform or id badge when off duty .
the threat comes amid fears extremists will attempt to copy the murder of fusilier lee rigby -lrb- pictured -rrb- , which led to soldiers being warned not to wear their uniform off duty .
the official threat level to officers came amid fears extremists will attempt to copy the murder of fusilier lee rigby , which has led to soldiers being warned not to wear their uniform off duty .
isis has previously called on followers to launch ` lone wolf ' attacks on the west .
extra patrols have now been put in place around the army reserve centre in gateshead , tyne and wear , formerly the territorial army , after the violent threats against the girl