a mexican .
archaeologist hunting for a royal tomb in a tunnel .
beneath a towering pre-aztec pyramid has made a discovery that .
may have brought him a step closer : liquid mercury .
in the bowels of teotihuacan , a mysterious ancient city that .
was once the largest in the americas , earlier this month sergio gomez found ` large quantities ' of the silvery metal in a chamber at .
the end of a sacred tunnel sealed for nearly 1,800 years .
and because of the potential supernatural significance of liquid mercury in ritual ends , deeper into the complex gomez hopes to find the elusive last resting place of a king .
scroll down for video .
hope : mexican archaeologist sergio gomez has been excavating a pre-aztec pyramid in teotihuacan , mexico , for six years and came across ` large quantities ' of liquid mercury earlier this month .
underground : gomez announced on friday that he found the liquid mercury in a chamber at the end of a tunnel -lrb- pictured -rrb- that had been sealed off for more than 1,800 years .
` it 's something that completely surprised us , ' gomez said at .
the entrance to the tunnel below teotihuacan 's pyramid of the .
plumed serpent , about 30 miles northeast of mexico city .
if gomez is right , it could help settle a debate over how power was wielded in teotihuacan , a city boasting massive stone pyramids that was home to as many as 200,000 people and the heart of ancient empire that flourished between 100 and 700 a.d. .
some archaeologists believe the toxic element could herald .
what would be the first ruler 's tomb ever found in teotihuacan , .
a contemporary of several ancient maya cities , but so shrouded .
in mystery that its inhabitants still have no name .
unsure why the mercury was put there , gomez says the metal .
may have been used to symbolize an underworld river or lake .
though mercury has previously been uncovered in small amounts at a few maya sites much .
further south , it had never been found in teotihuacan .
mercury was rare in ancient mexico , as it was difficult to mine and prized for its reflective properties .
archaeologists believe it may .
have had