a child dubbed ` turtle boy ' because of a giant mole that covered his back like a shell , can now live a normal life thanks to a british surgeon .
didier montalvo , six , from colombia , had the rare condition congenital melanocytic nevus .
there was a chance the growth could turn malignant but didier 's mother luz could not raise the money for the operation .
didier looks in wonder after his giant mole is removed from his back -lrb- pictured right -rrb- .
the family were also ostracised from their rural village as the superstitious residents said didier 's condition was due to being conceived during an eclipse .
they feared he was touched by evil forces which meant he could not attend school or be baptised .
' i want to grow up , ' didier said .
` but the mole wo n't let me .
' but thanks to leading plastic surgeon neil bulstrode , who operated on him free after hearing of his plight , didier can now grow up as any other child .
the story will be told tonight as part of channel 4 's bodyshock documentary series .
mr bulstrode removes the growth during surgery in colombia .
didier and his family was ostracised by their village due to his condition .
mr bulstrode flew to the colombian capital bogotá to help a team of surgeons remove didier 's birthmark , which had grown so big that it was feared it could become malignant .
the doctors then had to carry out a complicated series of skin grafts over several stages .
mr bulstrode told the evening standard : ` didier 's was the worst case i had ever seen .
effectively three quarters of the circumference of his body was affected .
` obviously he has had to go through a number of painful operations , but we feel it was worth it .
it 's great to see the photos of how didier is getting on now .
i 'm really happy with how things have healed .
' smiling again : didier says he can ` grow up ' now his mole has gone .
mr bulstrode is an expert in treating patients like didier , who suffer from the rare condition .
the cause is not known but experts think there is a