by .
claire elliot for the daily mail .
wikileaks founder julian assange gave a rambling press conference yesterday claiming he would leave the ecuadorian embassy in london ` soon ' after two years inside .
he complained about the difficulty of living in a small room in the imposing six-storey townhouse and claimed his human rights had been violated .
the 43-year-old australian added : ` i can confirm i will be leaving the embassy soon .
' assange is fighting extradition to sweden where he is accused of rape , which he denies .
he will be arrested if he leaves the building in knightsbridge where police have been stationed outside round the clock since he arrived in june 2012 .
the constant watch is thought to have cost taxpayers at least # 7million so far .
there were at least 20 officers outside the embassy yesterday .
scroll down for video .
press conference : julian assange spoke at the ecuadorian embassy today where he said he would leave ` soon ' after two years there .
message : in a monologue assange said he was ` imprisoned ' in the embassy but denied problems with his health is the reason for wanting to leave .
during the .
press conference assange thanked the government for making changes to .
extradition laws that allow those who have not been charged to remain at .
liberty .
he .
suggested parliament had changed the law because of the ` abuses of my .
rights ' .
but the home office said the changes would not apply .
retrospectively .
a .
spokesman said his case would be dealt with under the law as it stood .
when sweden issued the european arrest warrant in 2010 , when there was .
no requirement for prosecutors to have taken a charging decision before .
completing the paperwork .
julian assange 's failing health looks likely to end his two year stay in the ecuadorian embassy .
assange .
is , according to a wikileaks source , suffering from the potentially .
life-threatening heart condition arrhythmia and has a chronic lung .
complaint and dangerously high blood pressure .
a .
severe shortage of vitamin d , the sunshine vitamin , is impacting on his .
general health -- in the long term , it can trigger asthma and diabetes ,