by .
claire bates .
last updated at 4:29 pm on 8th february 2012 .
a schoolboy needed 37 pints of blood after crashing his brand new scooter into a telegraph pole .
doctors gave matthew hansford , 16 , just a two per cent chance of survival and put him on a life support machine .
he suffered a collapsed lung , heart damage , torn kidneys and fractured ribs .
lucky escape : matthew hansford , 16 , pictured with his mother alison , suffered a collapsed lung , heart damage , torn kidneys and fractured ribs .
the accident happened the day day he bought the 50cc scooter , just over a week after his 16th birthday .
matthew , from brinscall , lancashire , said he swerved to avoid a fox .
no other vehicles were involved in the accident on blackburn brow , chorley , lancashire , on november 1 .
after several operations and more than three weeks in a critical condition , matthew began to improve and is now at home making a slow recovery .
he said : ` it 's difficult but i 'm getting better little by little .
i ca n't walk unaided for any distance and i still have blood clot issues in my heart area .
` the main thing is i 'm still here and i 'm determined to get better .
' the scars from one of the operations .
matthew was given 37 pints of blood .
matthew , who goes to school in preston had completed a computer-based learning course on riding motorcycles prior to venturing onto the road .
he also made sure he was wearing the correct protective clothing .
` wearing a proper bike jacket and helmet definitely saved my life , '' he said .
' i would n't put anyone of getting a bike but i would say get the safest clothing and equipment and never mess around or take risks .
' matthew preparing for surgery : before one of his operations he revealed to his mother he had a donor card .
matthew 's mother alison , who represents wheelton and withnell as a borough councillor , is now helping her son recover , along with dad steve and sister , victoria , 17 .
mrs hansford said : ` at one stage we thought matthew