former paris saint-germain midfielder david beckham was among a host of a-list stars watching his old side beat barcelona at the parc des princes on tuesday night .
the 39-year-old , who ended his career after a brief spell with the french club in 2013 , was with music star couple jay z and beyonce in the posh seats .
as well as the americans - who recently wrapped up their on the run tour - france manager didier deschamps , former italy world cup-winning captain fabio cannavaro and holland legend patrick kluivert watched on .
there were a team-full of famous faces from politics , entertainment and sport in the stands to watch paris st germain beat barcelona on tuesday night .
david beckham talks to jay z while beyonce watches on as psg entertained barcelona on tuesday night .
italy world cup winning captain fabio cannavaro -lrb- bottom left -rrb- and france manager didier deschamps -lrb- bottom right -rrb- also attended .
the england legend , who hung up his boots in 2013 , was all smiles as he took his place for the fixture .
the ex-psg midfielder is seen deep in discussion with former barcelona and holland striker patrick kluivert .
two icons of the game - beckham and cannavaro - share a joke before the clash at the parc des princes .
beckham gave his jacket a shimmy before settling in for the feast of european football in which psg won 3-2 - one of the best results in their history .
zlatan ibrahimovic posed for a photograph -lrb- posted on his instagram fan page -rrb- with former italy central defender and captain cannavaro .
the pair were also snapped alongside paris saint-germain president nasser al-khelaifi -lrb- centre -rrb- .
video blanc salutes team performance .
being the social butterfly that he is , beckham was snapped chatting to most of the assembled glitterati and at one point looked as if he was explaining some of the rules of the game to jay z. psg 's star striker zlatan ibrahimovic also showed his support from the stands as he was forced to sit out the fixture against his former side owing to a heel problem .
appropriately with jay z in the crowd , barcelona looked like they had 99 problems , especially at the back .
the hosts took the lead through david luiz