a woman whose mother died of breast cancer is set to wear a different outfit every day for an entire year - with clothes bought from a charity shop .
caroline jones , 46 , from harpenden , herts. , hopes to raise money in memory of her mother mary benson , 72 , who passed away in october .
the grandmother had suffered a long battle with breast cancer but passed away after two years of chemotherapy .
caroline jones will wear a different charity shop outfit every day for a year to raise money for cancer research .
mary had volunteered in the cancer research uk shop in her home town for 13 years .
and now her daughter caroline has vowed to only where second hand clothes for the whole of 2015 - with a new outfit every day .
the mother-of-three will take daily pictures of her outfits in a bid to rid charity shop clothes of their negative stereotype and inspire others to get involved .
she said : ` mum was a very stylish woman before and after her cancer .
the fashion side of it really helped with keeping her spirits up .
mary benson , 72 , who passed away in october -lrb- right -rrb- worked in the harpenden cancer research uk shop .
caroline , 46 , from harpenden , herts. , is putting her sense of style to good use with her charity shop challenge .
she will take daily pictures of her trendy clothes to dispel any myths about charity shop clothes .
` we had a lot of fun together walking about clothes and trying on clothes .
fashion was something that tied us together .
` the reason i started doing this is because i wanted something to focus on this year and i wanted to do something for cancer research .
' i also want to get people wearing charity shop clothes and get people away from this stigma that comes with wearing charity shop clothes .
` obviously there is a massive gap in my life now and i want to fill it with something positive .
' she started 11 days ago and has already raised more than # 1,200 - and shown off her great fashion sense .
caroline also volunteers as a window dresser at the shop and has been taking photos