the bitter fall-out from the # 5billion battle for premier league rights went public on friday when sky unleashed their director of corporate affairs to attack bt sport and defend sky 's huge outlay .
graham mcwilliam , who had previously called bt a ` # 22bn gorilla in puppy 's clothing ' for blacklisting sky adverts , used his twitter account to make seven points about the auction .
sky sports pundits -lrb- l-r -rrb- graeme souness , jamie carragher , thierry henry , jamie redknapp and gary neville .
graham mcwilliam , sky 's group director of corporate affairs , took to twitter on friday .
mcwilliam , who has fewer than 500 twitter followers despite his prominence at sky , wrote : ` twice bt tried to muscle in and take pl rights from us .
twice sky won max no of games .
blind auctions not for the faint-hearted .
` only one company achieved all its objectives in auction .
post-rationalisation by the runners-up ca n't change that .
` sky went in hard to get the result .
yes , paid big .
that 's what it takes .
we can and will absorb it .
` comparison of price paid ignores huge value gap .
new deal gives sky sports even better match selections .
' bt sport made a tame response saying : ` we are very pleased with the outcome and the price we paid .
` bt sport has an exciting line-up for football fans , including premier league , fa cup and the champions and europa leagues .
' fa chairman greg dyke has ordered every department of english football 's ruling body to find ways of cutting costs by 15 per cent .
this will allow the fa to spend an extra # 30million a year on grassroots pitches and coaches -- identified by dyke 's england commission as a top priority .
fa chairman greg dyke watches the women 's friendly between england and the usa on friday .
the biggest surprise of phil beard 's resignation as qpr chief executive was that he lasted three-and-a-half years in the role .
beard , a successful marketing executive who made money working with sir keith mills on the air miles initiative , has always seemed unsuited to a football ceo role .
and beard might have walked out