by .
steve robson and richard shears .
published : .
05:30 est , 5 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
07:28 est , 5 december 2012 .
guilty : former laundry owner kevin andrews , 61 , was convicted of bullying former employees including making threats to burn them in acid and setting his dogs on them .
a bullying laundry owner has been fined after issuing a string of threats against his staff such asburning them in acid , setting his dogs on them and taunting female workers about rape .
kevin andrews , 61 , was found guilty of a catalogue of abuse against former workers at mallee laundry and linen services in the town of mildura , australia .
he was convicted by magistrates in melbourne and fined $ 50,000 - worth around # 30,000 .
between 2007 and 2009 he had repeatedly bullied works physically , psychologically and verbally , the court heard .
magistrate hugh radford said on one occasion andrews asked an employee to bring his dogs .
to the laundry ` and if an employee stuffed up they would be bitten by .
the dogs -- that is , the employee would be locked up with the dogs in a .
shipping container .
' the magistrate added that andrews had .
` threatened the employees that he would dissolve them in acid , a .
substance that was available to them in the workplace .
' mr radford said that on one occasion .
andrews told a female employee a rapist was waiting for her , following .
a talk that a sex offender was in the area .
` this was clearly designed to .
frighten that particular employee , ' said the magistrate , who also .
referred to a fines list under which workers could be docked a week 's .
wages for ` wasting time .
' ` in my view , ' said the magistrate , .
` this may have been laughed off by some employees , but it was clearly .
designed by the accused to psychologically bully staff .
' andrews called one woman a ` big fat bush pig ' and said other women were brain dead and that ` all women are dogs ' .
fourteen former employees came forward .
to testify against andrews , who was also