by .
kirsty walker .
published : .
14:11 est , 25 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
05:59 est , 26 june 2012 .
referendum plan : germany 's finance minister wolfgang schaeuble has admitted that closer integration between eu states could only go ahead with a ` yes ' vote from the german public .
david cameron is facing renewed pressure to hold a referendum on britain 's membership of the eu after germany said it would let its people have one .
german finance minister wolfgang schaeuble said yesterday that closer integration in europe could only go ahead with a ` yes ' vote from the german people .
later this week , the eu commission will press for closer banking union at a summit in brussels in a desperate bid to raise market confidence in europe .
the plans , which represent a step towards a european banking super-state , include an eu-wide guarantee scheme for bank deposits and a single bank regulator .
in an interview with german newspaper der spiegel , mr schaeuble acknowledged that a referendum would be needed to cede national sovereignty to brussels .
he said : ` i assume that it will happen sooner than i would have thought a few months ago .
` at the eu summit , the heads of four european institutions plan to present concrete proposals for greater integration .
we will see what happens after that .
' mr schaeuble also called for an eu .
finance minister , with powers to veto national budgets , stronger powers .
for the european parliament and an elected european commission .
president .
the comments mean mr cameron will have .
to confront fresh calls from his own party to hold a referendum on .
britain 's eu membership .
up for a fight : david cameron has promised to battle attempts to get britain to join the banking union .
tory mp mark reckless said : ` this certainly increases the pressure on david cameron to hold an in-out referendum and it is now a case of when , rather than if .
' his colleague george eustice mp said : ` it is very unusual for germany to hold a referendum and this shows that they recognise the gravity of this decision .
' the summit on thursday and friday could be