by .
sam webb .
and mark duell .
a stag weekend reveller suffered serious burns in a seafront nightclub after being doused in brut aftershave and set ablaze in a prank , it was claimed today .
the 34-year-old victim was drinking with friends when they started throwing the aftershave over each other as a joke at long john 's showbar on britannia pier in great yarmouth , norfolk .
one of the men then lit a lighter and his friend 's t-shirt , which was soaked with the aftershave , burst into flames .
the fireball was put out by his horrified friends who rolled him on the floor .
long john 's showbar on the britannia pier in great yarmouth , where the man was burned , apparently after a prank went seriously awry .
bar staff also rushed to help with wet .
towels at 1.30 am on sunday .
but the victim was left with serious burns .
to his chest , back and hands in the incident .
he .
was taken to james paget hospital in nearby gorleston-on-sea , and .
later transferred to a specialist burns unit at broomfield hospital in .
chelmsford , essex .
the .
unnamed man was in a stable condition today with serious , but not .
life-threatening burns .
it is believed that the burns will leave him .
scarred for life and potentially needing plastic surgery .
four .
of the victim 's friends , aged 24 , 26 , 28 , 33 , were arrested and taken .
into custody , but were later released on police bail pending further .
inquiries .
norfolk police .
confirmed that all of the group came from sheffield , south yorkshire , .
and were known to each other .
it is believed that they were in great .
yarmouth on a weekend away together .
britannia .
pier manager keegan snell , 40 , said : ` the whole incident was filmed on .
our cctv .
it showed these guys throwing aftershave over each other .
` one of them put a lighter to his friend 's back and he went up like a fireball .
it looked like his whole body was on fire .
the victim and the four arrested men are all from the sheffield area and are believed to have been