by .
daily mail reporter .
winter flooding has wiped out 17,500 acres of cider orchards , growers warned yesterday .
the downpours in the south mean many of the million apple trees planted across the country in the past ten years will be lost .
farmers face an agonising wait until may to see if the water has destroyed their livelihoods , or whether some of the fruit trees will defy the odds and blossom .
warning : a small orchard in somerset which was swamped by the flooding event at the beginning of 2014 .
julian temperley , one of somerset 's most famous growers , said it was hard to remain upbeat and described his 170 acres as ` touch and go ' .
` we 've had an appalling late december , january and february - trees over the whole of the south west have taken a hammering , ' julian , from martock , somerset , said .
` there 's certainly a big worry about waterlogged trees - there will be a considerable number dying .
we have one orchard that 's been under a foot of water .
i 'm not certain if the trees will survive .
' just 14 days underwater can destroy an apple tree 's root system , a time limit easily passed this winter .
it is believed that a huge proportion of the uk 's 17,300 acres of cider orchards may have been ruined by the rain and floods .
despite a fortnight of recent intermittent sunshine , which has seen some fruit trees blossom in earnest , - with fruit already set - growers have warned there is no guarantee of success .
trees in somerset are reflected in flood water during the flooding event at the beginning of 2014 .
there are around 480 cider-makers across the country and the traditional trade plays a crucial role in the uk 's rural economy and communities .
the crisis has prompted the national association of cider makers to prepare for the worst , and issue a stark warning crops may not live up to expectations for the next few years .
paul bartlett , chairman , said : ` we hope for the best though recognise that the potential impact could seriously affect the income of growers this season and for several years to come .
'