a duo of writers have ignited an uproar with their foretelling of an insurrection that will plunge america into a new civil war , courtesy of a ` tea party militia .
' written in disturbing detail by a retired colonel and the academic , the article describes events leading up to a full-blown civil war on american soil , like the one that is currently gripping syria .
the article also describes the plan of the american military to quash the rebellion orchestrated by its own citizens .
tempests in the tea pot : a pair of writers have ignited an uproar with their foretelling of an insurrection that will plunge america into a new civil war , courtesy of a ` tea party militia ' the small wars journal article , entitled .
` full spectrum operations in the homeland : a `` vision '' of the future , ' was written by retired u.s. army col kevin benson and jennifer weber .
so when does such a civil war begin ?
according to benson and weber , the seeds of their vision have already been planted .
they write that the great recession will have lasted longer than anyone could know , sparking massive unemployment and political unrest .
benson and weber write that despite a ` change in control of the white house and congress in 2012 , ' the economy 's downward smile will continue , with the percentage of jobless americans near double digits .
raising eyebrows : retired u.s. army col kevin benson and jennifer weber wrote the story , which appeared in the small wars journal on july 25 .
war : benson and weber describe in shocking detail the insurrection that would leave the u.s. plummeting into a civil war , like the one currently gripping syria .
but the authors say it wo n't be until 2016 when things start to take a bad turn .
the write : ` in may 2016 an extremist militia motivated by the goals of the `` tea party '' movement takes over the government of darlington , south carolina , occupying city hall , disbanding the city council , and placing the mayor under house arrest .
' according to their story , the movement will spread from darlington and into various checkpoints on travel routes like i-95 and the commercial and passenger