graeme souness insists there is no way back for mario balotelli at liverpool and that this has been his last chance at a top club .
the striker has been lambasted for swapping shirts with real madrid defender pepe at half time when liverpool were being thrashed 3-0 .
but it is not the first time he has made himself the target of stinging criticism in only two months since he made a # 16million switch from ac milan .
souness is adamant that balotelli will not be handed another chance at a top european club .
the italian striker has yet to score a premier league goal since his # 16million move to merseyside .
balotelli defied manager brendan rodgers ' orders to applaud away fans after their shock 1-0 defeat at basle in the champions league and supporters ' patience is starting to wear thin with his work-rate and lack of commitment on the field .
asked if balotelli can recover from this latest mistake , former liverpool captain souness said : ' i do n't think so .
you have to look at the quality of the people who 've tried before and failed and held their hands up and said they ca n't do it .
` roberto mancini twice had a go at it , with inter milan and manchester city .
jose mourinho quickly made his mind up that he would n't want to work with him again while he was at inter .
balotelli chats to real madrid centre back pepe as the two sides walk off the anfield turf at half-time .
balotelli swaps shirts with opponent pepe as he wanders down the tunnel before being replaced at the break .
` cesare prandelli said after the world cup he got it wrong , he said he made a mistake and should n't have taken him with italy .
` there has been a criticism from day one .
it was a very brave move by rodgers .
he obviously felt his managerial skills could stop the problem .
it 's not worked for him and it 's not worked for the football club .
' souness is adamant that balotelli , still only 24 , will not be handed another chance at one of the big clubs in europe 's top four leagues .
balotelli has played for some of world