a young actor was found dead after a thug who tortured him for 14 hours was released from prison , it has been revealed .
jamie morrison 's body was discovered at his flat in edinburgh last tuesday , the day after he missed the premiere of his first big screen film .
his mother , margaret , has now revealed the 27-year-old chose to take his own life rather than live in fear of a man who had subjected him to a brutal attack two years ago .
scroll down for video .
jamie morrison -lrb- left -rrb- was found dead the day after billey harvie -lrb- right -rrb- , the thug who tortured him for 14 hours , was released from jail .
billey harvie was released from jail after serving half of his three-year sentence for attacking mr morrison while he was holding him captive .
the 24-year-old is said to have slashed and beaten jamie during the ordeal .
margaret revealed her son 's torment on the day of the talented actor 's funeral .
the daily record quotes her as saying : ` my beautiful boy is gone because he was frightened and he just could n't take it any more .
` after harvie got out of prison , he just did n't feel safe .
i am heartbroken .
he was so loved and was such a talented , wonderful boy .
' mr morrison had recently landed a role in skeletons - a short movie directed by craig-james moncur .
the film got its first showing at the edinburgh filmhouse on monday night at an event attended by notable figures from the scottish film industry .
mr morrison 's mother , margaret , has revealed the 27-year-old chose to take his own life rather than live in fear of a man who had subjected him to a brutal attack two years ago .
jamie , who was found dead last week at the age of 27 , is pictured as a baby with his father .
mr morrison -lrb- pictured -rrb- had recently landed a role in skeletons - a short movie directed by craig-james moncur .
mr moncur , whose television acting credits include looking after jojo , said they had tried to reach mr morrison on the night only to learn of his death the following morning .
he later