by .
sean o'hare .
updated : .
08:02 est , 4 january 2013 .
switzerland 's oldest bank is to shut down after it admitted to helping american clients evade $ 1.2 bn in taxes .
wegelin becomes the first foreign bank to plead guilty to tax evasion in the u.s and must pay $ 57.8 m -lrb- # 36m -rrb- in fines to the us authorities .
once it has paid off its fines it will ` cease to operate as a bank .
' wegelin becomes the first foreign bank to plead guilty to tax evasion in the u.s and must pay $ 57.8 m -lrb- # 36m -rrb- in fines to the us authorities .
after that it will close .
the bank , established in 1741 , confessed to allowing more than 100 american citizens hide $ 1.2 bn from the internal revenue service for nearly a decade .
america 's recent crackdown on tax evaders and offshore accounts discouraged swiss banks from taking on u.s. customers .
but wegelin , based in the swiss town of st gallen did not follow suit .
us attorney preet bharara told the bbc : ` the bank wilfully and aggressively .
jumped in to fill a void that was left when other swiss banks abandoned .
the practice due to pressure from us law enforcement .
` it is a watershed moment in our efforts to hold to .
account both the individuals and the banks - wherever they may be in the .
world - who are engaging in unlawful conduct that deprives the us .
treasury of billions of dollars of tax revenue .
' the .
crackdown started around 2007 with an investigation of ubs ag , .
switzerland 's largest bank .
the ruling has caused panic among other swiss banks such as credit suisse , who are also under investigation .
in this particular case ubs and us prosecutors settled on a .
deferred prosecution agreement , with the fine being paid in exchange for .
the charges being dropped against the bank .
the crackdown continued , however and incorporated the entire swiss .
banking industry .
dozens of u.s. clients and at least two dozen swiss bankers have been charged , in moves that have strained u.s. - swiss relations .
wegelin 's chiefs admitted to the new york court