a pennsylvania family is suing babies r us and a new jersey furniture manufacture for more than $ 350,000 over a dresser which fell on two toddler sisters and crushed them to death last july 4 .
according to timesonline , a wrongful death lawsuit filed in beaver county court alleges the drawers that crushed ryeley , three , and brooklyn beatty , two , were ` improperly designed for use in a child 's environment ' .
the suit also claims the product - weighing 124lbs - did not have an ` anchoring strap ' to prevent it from falling .
it was manufactured by baby cache inc. of piscataway .
victims : brooklyn beatty , left , and ryeley beatty , right , died after a dresser reportedly fell on top of them .
source of the problem : authorities were seen removing the dresser similar to this product found on babies r us webpage from the scene .
the girls ' mother , jennifer beatty , and grandmother , pamela warnick , apparently purchased the item from a babies r us store in cranberry in early 2010 .
it was a shop floor model that was being sold on clearance .
attorney deborah decostro alleges the dresser was ` improperly packaged and/or boxed at the time it was sold ' and did not come labeled with safety warnings .
a babies ' r us employee is also said to be facing allegations for not alerting beatty and warnick to the ` faults ' .
officials from the retailer and the dresser company did n't immediately respond to the associated press seeking comment on the lawsuit .
the dresser fell on ryeley and brooklyn in their aliquippa home on july 4 2014 .
brooklyn died that day and ryeley two days later .
it was reported that the sisters had been playing in or around the bottom drawer of the dresser , causing it to fall onto them .
they were home alone with their father , 28-year-old david beatty , at the time .
tragic accident : an autopsy doctor testified that the girls could have been saved had their father helped them immediately after hearing the dresser crash down .
deadly : authorities were seen removing the dresser at the scene .
he and his wife are currently facing charges of child endangerment .
authorities described