by .
reuters reporter .
published : .
10:41 est , 18 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:50 est , 18 september 2013 .
during a visit to a facility of leading indian drugmaker ranbaxy laboratories ltd last year , u.s. inspectors found that a black fiber embedded in a tablet may have been a hair from an employee 's arm , according to documents seen by reuters .
that and other quality concerns led the u.s. food and drug administration to impose an ` import alert ' on its mohali plant last week , saying the factory owned by india 's biggest drugmaker by sales had not ensured manufacturing quality .
ranbaxy , which is 63.5 per cent-owned by japan 's daiichi sankyo co and gets more than 40 per cent of its sales from the u.s. , did not immediately respond to a request on wednesday for comment on the fda observations .
ranbaxy laboratories at gurgaon , on the outskirts of new delhi .
shares in india 's ranbaxy laboratories ltd dropped more than 30 per cent this week after the fda issued an import alert .
ranbaxy manufactures a wide range of drugs available in the u.s. that fight alzheimer 's , cholesterol , pain , allergies , and gastrointestinal and cardiovascular issues .
the fda 's action has dealt another blow .
to an indian generic drug industry battered by a rash of american .
regulatory rebukes and as u.s. demand for generics grows , especially .
under president obama 's new healthcare program .
the import alert issued to ranbaxy prohibits it from making fda-regulated drugs at the mohali facility and selling them in the united states until its methods , facilities and controls are in compliance with good manufacturing standards .
the unexpected import ban on the mohali facility sent shares in ranbaxy plunging by one-third on monday , and comes just a few months after it pleaded guilty to u.s. felony charges related to drug safety and agreed to $ 500 million in fines .
it brings under sanction all three of ranbaxy 's plants in india dedicated to supplying the united states , and followed fda inspections in september and december last year .
during one of the inspections , the fda concluded that a black fiber embedded in a tablet was likely either ` tape remnants on