by .
james andrew .
follow @@ jamesandrew _ .
port vale have sacked defender daniel jones after he was involved in a training ground bust-up with captain doug loft and ruled out for the rest of the season with a broken cheekbone .
the incident happened on thursday last week and neither player featured in weekend 's 4-2 defeat at notts county .
vale boss micky adams says the club will hold an internal investigation .
sacked : daniel jones has had his contract terminated by port vale after a training ground incident .
injured : skipper doug loft suffered a broken cheekbone during the incident .
issues : port vale manager micky adams says the club will hold an internal investigation .
but the club have already decided to sack 27-year-old jones who has a year remaining on his contract .
captain loft - who suffered a suspected broken cheekbone - is contracted until the end of the season .
loft 's solicitor paul dodds said : ` doug is genuinely shocked by what has happened to him .
he is focusing on obtaining the best treatment so he can get back playing as quickly as possible .
` however , given the type of injury , it can not be ruled out that legal proceedings will follow .
' the defeat to relegation threatened county now means it is unlikely that vale will make the play-offs as they are 10 points off with four games left to play .
` it 's been a poor week for us , ' vale boss adams told the bbc .
` for legal reasons , there 's very little i can say other than on thursday there was an incident between two players .
` the training ground incident resulted in one of the players , who i might add is an innocent party to this , receiving a facial injury that has consequently ruled him out for the rest of the season .
` it 's another negative headline that , for some reason , this club attracts .
but it has to be dealt with internally .
` incidents like we had are disappointing , but they happen .
` the players who have represented the club over the past two years should feel proud .
even in the season when we went into administration , i was