by .
rick dewsbury .
last updated at 11:26 am on 15th november 2011 .
a scotland yard chief inspector has been sacked after boasting that he had sex with a 14-year-old boy , it was revealed today .
john duffy , 46 , claimed online that he carried out the depraved sex act on a teenage stranger he met through a gay dating website .
he also bragged that he had taken cocaine and used his position as a uniformed officer to try and seduce people online .
gross misconduct : john duffy had been a chief inspector at scotland yard before he was sacked for the lurid online boasts .
duffy was caught out after a shocked user of the website reported him to the police .
he was arrested at his home in tunbridge wells , kent , on suspicion of sexual assault in june last year .
last week it was revealed that a senior inspector from the metropolitan police had been sacked after an internal investigation .
the officer was not named but he has now been revealed to be duffy , the sun reported today .
duffy was in charge of the scene at stockwell tube station where brazilian electrician john charles de menezes was wrongly shot dead by police in 2005 .
the 27-year-old had been suspected of being involved with the failed london bombings the day before .
last week it was revealed that duffy had .
used his position to advertise himself online in an attempt to meet .
sexual partners while in uniform .
he .
was arrested at his home last year but a criminal investigation by .
kent police was dropped because there was not thought to have been .
enough evidence .
shooting : duffy was in charge of the scene after the death of innocent suspect jean charles de menezes at stockwell tube station , pictured .
victim : mr menezes , a brazilian electrician , was mistaken for a terrorist .
however , the met 's directorate of professional standards launched an internal investigation with supervision from the independent police complaints commission .
duffy was sacked last week after a two-day hearing in which he was found guilty of gross misconduct .
` there was no evidence he did have sex with a boy .
it was all a fantasy , but an unhealthy one