by .
steve robson .
published : .
04:41 est , 20 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:52 est , 20 march 2013 .
fans of veteran heavy metal band napalm death are used to seeing their idols bring the house down .
but it was their reputation for ear-shattering sets which led to a gig being cancelled this week .
the band were due to take part in a special one-off performance alongside ceramic artist keith harrison at london 's victoria & albert museum in kensington .
scroll down for video .
eardrum assault : heavy metal band napalm death have been entertaining ` grindcore ' fans since 1981 .
disappointed : napalm death singer mark greenway , left , and guitarist shane embury , in full flow .
mr harrison , who shares the band 's roots in birmingham , had built a sculptural sound system clad with ceramic tiles which would in theory disintegrate as the band thrashed out their songs to illustrate a theme of ` sound as a weapon ' .
a limited number of fans had been given free tickets for the show in room 7 of the european galleries on friday .
but earlier this week , museum bosses were forced to pull the plug on the event amid fears that not only would the ceramic tiles explode , the building could come down with it .
a statement on the v&a 's website .
reads : ` it is with regret that we have taken the decision to cancel the .
one-off napalm death performance in collaboration with our ceramic .
artist in residence keith harrison .
` this .
was due to take place in the europe galleries which are currently being .
refurbished and a further safety inspection has revealed concerns that .
the high level of decibels generated by the concert would damage the .
historic fabric of the building .
` the .
v&a is committed to an exciting programme of exhibitions and events .
but the safety of our visitors and building remains our priority at all .
times .
' historic : ceramic specialist keith harrison has been an artist in resident at the victoria & albert museum since last october .
worried : museum bosses had concerns that the loud decibels could damage some of the ancient artifacts -lrb- pictured is the