loss : audrie pott , 15 , killed herself in 2012 after she was sexually assaulted at a party .
one of three teenagers who admitted that they sexually assaulted a 15-year-old northern california girl who later committed suicide has settled a wrongful-death lawsuit brought by her parents - because he said sorry .
in 2012 , audrie pott fell asleep after drinking gatorade laced with alcohol at a friend 's party in their hometown of saratoga .
she awoke to find her pants off and lewd comments scribbled over her body .
her family says she hanged herself days later after learning cellphone photos were taken of her during the assault and shared through text messages .
three of audrie 's teenage classmates were prosecuted in private juvenile proceedings and sentenced to between 30 and 45 days in juvenile hall .
two continue to attend saratoga high , while the third transferred to high school about an hour south in gilroy .
audrie 's parents , lawrence and sheila pott , filed a civil lawsuit against the boys to hold them more accountable for their actions .
their attorney , bob allard , said the parents decided to settle with one of the teens because he showed remorse and ` told the truth ' about what happened to audrie .
` he 's accepted responsibility .
he 's told us the truth of what happened in that room .
the others have not , ' allard said .
` they 're still standing by their claim that audrie was awake and consented to their acts .
' anger : larry pott and and audrie 's stepmother and his second wife lisa , are continuing their lawsuit against two of their daughter 's attackers after one admitted and apologized .
grieving : audrie 's mother , sheila pott , found her daughter hanging in the bathroom in september 2012 .
tormentors : the three teenagers -lrb- pictured with their faces obscured -rrb- pleaded guilty to sexual assault last year and were sentenced to 30-45 days in a juvenile detention facility .
allard said that had the two other teens apologized , they might not have been sued .
` if they had simply knocked on the door of the pott household , apologized , accepted responsibility and jumped headfirst into our quest to educate our youth by , for example