michael phelps ' self-proclaimed ` intersex ' girlfriend has been offered a role in a porn film to act out their alleged fling .
taylor lianne chandler has been approached by porn baron vivid entertainment boss steve hirsch , who has made millions from hardcore pornography films for the internet .
chandler , 41 , told tmz who reported the news , that she was still in the ` wine and dine me ' stage of negotiations .
scroll down for video .
michael phelps ' -lrb- left -rrb- self-proclaimed ` intersex ' girlfriend taylor lianne chandler -lrb- right -rrb- has been offered a role in a porn film to act out their alleged fling .
porn baron : steven hirsch poses with savanna samson , one of his vivid entertainment stars .
hirsch , who has made millions from hardcore pornography films for the internet , reportedly approached chandler .
last month chandler claimed that the most decorated olympian of all time pursued her on tinder -- but that they are no longer an item .
phelps has yet to comment on chandler 's claims .
chandler , claims to have had a romance with the us athlete , 12 years her junior , before he went into rehab in september and that they became involved after he approached her on the dating app .
however , such is phelps ' fame , that she was n't sure if the messages were coming from a made-up account .
i 'm yelling tinder : a look at phelps ' alleged tinder profile , which is how he and chandler first met .
she told the daily beast 's aurora snow : ` he pursued me -lsb- on tinder -rsb- .
he was actually outside the age range for what my account was setup for .
but what i 've learned is when someone looks at whatever and likes you , even if they 're younger it shows up in your feed .
` but at the time i just did n't think it was real .
you just figure it 's fake .
' chandler explained that once they 'd met up , their relationship seemed quite serious .
she said : ` we talked about the fact that i was n't looking to get involved with someone unless it was serious .
i 'm not ugly , so its