by .
pa reporter .
manchester united defender phil jones is expected to meet with the club 's medical staff on tuesday as the red devils wait to discover the extent of the injury he sustained on england duty .
jones limped off in the 77th minute of monday 's 2-0 euro 2016 qualifying victory in switzerland due to what appeared to be hamstring problem .
no confirmation has been forthcoming from the football association on the matter and united will be eager to assess the 22-year-old when he arrives back in manchester .
injury : manchester united will assess phil jones 's injury before they face qpr this weekend .
the old trafford outfit , without a win to their name yet this season after four matches in all competitions under new boss louis van gaal , are next in action when they host qpr in the barclays premier league on sunday .
several united players could make debuts in the match , including jones ' fellow england defender luke shaw , who it is understood is now fit and ready for selection .
left-back shaw has been unable to make a competitive appearance for his new side following a summer switch from southampton having suffered a hamstring injury of his own in august .
there could also be united bows on sunday for another defender in marcos rojo , with the necessary paperwork for him to do so now signed off , plus the versatile daley blind and striker radamel falcao , the two transfer deadline day recruits .
hamstring : phil jones limped off holding his hamstring as england beat switzerland 2-0 in basel .
meanwhile , ander herrera , who arrived from athletic bilbao over the summer , is hopeful of making his comeback in the game .
the midfielder has been restricted to just one competitive united run-out so far because of an ankle complaint , but wrote on twitter on monday : ` training hard and looking forward to this next game at old trafford !
' there could also be a home red devils debut for angel di maria , the winger the club broke the british transfer record to sign last month .
comeback : ander herrera could make his return from injury against qpr in the premier league on sunday .
united striker robin van persie is keen to get back