by .
daily mail reporter .
closing speech : jurors are almost ready to consider verdicts on veteran dj dave lee travis , pictured .
dave lee travis is the victim of a witch hunt by police who were desperate to find a scapegoat after missing jimmy savile 's crimes , a court has heard .
the veteran dj 's defence barrister told a jury today that convicting travis of 14 sex crimes would not ` right the wrongs ' of the savile scandal .
` police and the authorities missed jimmy savile , ' said stephen vullo in his closing speech at southwark crown court .
` they missed him .
` in any society when something goes wrong , a harvest fails , there is a reaction , an understandable reaction .
` nobody wants sexual predators to get away with their crimes .
` everybody .
wants them to be brought to justice but there is no justice whatsoever .
in overreaction , bringing a 68-year-old man of impeccable character to .
this court and muddying his name to make us feel better about jimmy .
savile .
` it would n't right that wrong .
' travis , a former presenter of the bbc 's radio 1 breakfast show , is on trial under his birth name david griffin accused of 13 indecent assaults and one sexual assault against a total of 11 women .
the charges date back as far as 1976 when he was at the height of his fame and include periods when he was working as a bbc dj , as a .
broadcaster with classic gold radio , while appearing on top of the pops .
and when starring in panto .
accusing the authorities of a ` witch hunt ' , mr vullo said his client 's reputation was ` already finished ' despite no verdict yet being reached by the court .
scapegoat : jurors heard today that travis -lrb- left with jimmy savile in 1980 -rrb- is the victim of a ` witch hunt ' by police who were desperate for scapegoats after missing savile 's sex crimes .
both were high-profile djs .
high-profile : travis -lrb- left -rrb- and savile were well-known bbc music presenters .
savile died before he could be brought to trial , and after his death hundreds of allegations of sexual abuse