coleen rooney has seen off a bid to build 15 new homes overlooking her sprawling # 5million neo-georgian palace after saying the development would ` ruin the village ' .
she complained to planning bosses saying the development - which included five affordable homes - would damage the ` special landscape ' around the mansion she shares with wayne in cheshire .
but the wag has been accused of hypocrisy after she bulldozed the original 1930s prestbury mansion and replaced it with ` waynesor castle ' - complete with pink-interior swimming pool .
she was backed by almost 60 neighbours , including former manchester united defender wes brown 's wife leanne and ex-slade rocker noddy holder 's wife suzan .
scroll down for video .
coleen rooney objected to ` affordable ' houses being built near to her eight-bedroom mansion in prestbury .
the proposals were rejected by cheshire east council 's planning committee on friday .
in a letter , mrs rooney , 28 , said : ` let 's not ruin our village .
the development would be in direct conflict with the national policy to protect green belt land .
` the development will mean more car journeys into the village , which is already congested and unsuitable for the increased traffic .
it will damage the special landscape , character and appearance of the area .
' the plans , put forward by harvey wood investments , included five ` affordable ' homes , with one of the builds visible from the end of her drive .
coleen , wife of england and manchester united captain wayne rooney , wrote an angry letter to the council about the plans .
grecian columns and gold bath taps are said to grace the interior of the rooney 's house and the 20 acres of grounds are surrounded by high perimeter walls studded with security cameras .
the three-storey mansion also boasts a swimming pool , jacuzzi , gym , cinema .
richard morris , a surveyor who advised developers harvey wood , says : ` there is a contradiction .
the rooneys ' house is like a mini office building and it seems slightly strange that they should object to what is a very sympathetic development on adjoining land .
' mrs rooney grew up in rough area of croxteth in liverpool with a her mother who worked