a fugitive bodybuilder charged with assaulting a teenage girl he met on instagram while on the run from police over a separate offence has been cleared of rape .
lloyd seddon was accused of attacking the 16-year-old after meeting her on the photosharing website in february , five months after vanishing while on parole for robbery .
the 23-year-old from salford , manchester , was found not guilty of raping the girl at his home at manchester crown court today .
lloyd seddon was cleared of raping a 16-year-old girl after being hunted by police for more than six months .
police had been unable to find the man after he failed to show up for a court hearing in november following early release from a five-year prison sentence for armed robbery .
in april greater manchester police released photographs of the criminal after a teenage girl reported she had been raped by him .
he was arrested at a flat in shrewsbury in may and charged with the sexual assault .
during his trial the court heard how seddon exchanged messages with the teenage girl on instagram before meeting up for their ` first date ' .
they met for cocktails on february 19 and took a taxi back to an address in irwell where she alleged he pulled her hair and ` bit and slapped ' her .
she said she was saved after phoning a friend during the attack , a claim which was dismissed by seddon 's defence lawyers .
the 23-year-old from salford , manchester , said the girl may have become scared of him when he showed a ` different side ' after she changed her mind about having sex with him .
seddon was wanted by police after failing to appear at court following early release from a five-year jail sentence for armed robbery .
police issued an appeal for the man 's whereabouts after the girl reported being raped in april .
they urged members of the public to look out for seddon who has a distinctive tattoo on his right forearm .
today , barrister michael johnson told how the girl had in fact become 'em barrassed ' by the encounter so falsely accused him of assaulting her .
in response she retracted her accusation of rape , telling the court : ` no i did n't say i was raped