asbo : aaron knowles , 14 , has been banned associating with his own brothers after leading them into a gang of youths who terrorised their neighbourhood .
a baby-faced teenager who terrorised his neighbourhood has been banned from hanging around with the rest of his gang - including two of his own brothers .
aaron knowles , 14 , was handed an anti-social behaviour order -lrb- asbo -rrb- after leading a gang of youths aged nine to 19 on a campaign of vandalism and abuse in preston , lancashire .
he and his gang , whom residents compared to the pint-sized mobsters of bugsy malone , would regularly throw stones at people , hurl abuse at passers-by and were even involved in assaults .
residents in the broadgate area of preston were left ` frightened and intimidated ' by the boys , whom police said had their lives ` made a misery ' by the gang .
the order bans knowles him from visiting his usual haunts , and also from being in the company of nine other gang members - including his younger siblings marcus knowles , 13 , and jamie knowles , nine .
the brothers will not be allowed out together unless their parents or another family member is looking after them .
police said fed-up residents were ` practically queuing up ' to make complaints against knowles and his gang when a police officer was sent to patrol the area .
the officer compiled a dossier of evidence against knowles and his accomplices and persuaded magistrates in preston to grant a two-year anti-social behaviour order -lrb- asbo -rrb- against him .
the courts also ordered that knowles should be publicly named and shamed .
under the conditions of the order , knowles is banned from the broadgate area , and faces a five-year prison sentence if he is caught using foul language or being abusive towards people in the nearby riversway area of the city .
aaron knowles was banned from associating with nine boys , including two of his brothers .
two members of the violent and abusive gang are still at primary school : .
keaton mcmillan , ninejamie knowles , nineandrew aspden , 11marcus knowles , 13connor silcock , 14adam clayton , 15declan caroll , 15marvin wiltshire , 16conor walmsley , 19 .
police will also distribute leaflets to residents and shops