sir nicholas macpherson , the most senior mandarin at the treasury , has revealed that they will seek to play a ` critical role ' in the referendum debate .
treasury mandarins are planning to issue a stark warning .
about the economic perils of withdrawing from the european union .
in a move that has enraged eurosceptics , officials are set .
to publish a formal report in the run up to a referendum arguing that it will .
damage britain 's trade relations if the uk votes to leave in 2017 .
sir nicholas macpherson , the most senior mandarin at the .
treasury , has revealed that they will seek to play a ` critical role ' in the referendum .
debate , just as the department has done in the argument over scottish .
independence .
the treasury produced a report arguing that a yes vote in .
scotland would damage the economy .
in a speech to the mile end group , a politics forum at queen .
mary , university of london , sir nicholas said : ` just as the treasury has played .
a leading role in setting out the implications of scotland leaving the free .
trade area that is the united kingdom , so would i expect it to play a critical .
role in setting out the economic implications of the options of staying in or .
leaving the eu , should there be a referendum on our membership in the next .
parliament .
' he signalled that the treasury would argue that britain .
needs to be in the eu to benefit from free trade in the single market and deals .
between the eu and other countries .
` a belief in free trade links seamlessly the treasury of .
william gladstone to that of george osborne , ' sir nicholas said .
` the treasury .
has always taken the view that the united kingdom is a small country with few .
natural resources .
its prosperity rests on trade .
and the fewer the impediments .
there are to trade , the more the economy will grow and the greater the .
prosperity of the nation .
' a senior government source made clear that the treasury .
would argue that britain must stay in the eu and said sir nicholas 's views are