by .
louise eccles .
lady justice black , pictured , described the case as ` very sad ' while sitting in the court of appeal .
twin five-year-old girls who effectively have three mothers are at the centre of a fierce custody battle between the two lesbians who brought them into the world .
the children live with their birth mother but were conceived from eggs donated by her ex-partner -- and later adopted by her current partner .
under the human fertilisation and embryology act 2008 , the egg donor has no legal status as a parent .
but she is fighting for a shared residence order which would allow her part-time custody of the girls -- and would recognise her as a third legal guardian .
the court battle prompted warnings over informal sperm and egg donor agreements and concern over the effect on the children .
philippa taylor , of the christian medical fellowship , said : ` this is a disturbing harbinger of things to come .
these kinds of cases will continue to rise as the number of people seeking egg and sperm donation increases .
in this situation , the mothers appear to have deliberately created a situation where the parentage of the children is malleable .
the twins now have a birth mother , an adoptive mother , a biological mother and an anonymous father , who they can have no contact with until they are 18 .
it is hugely confusing for the children .
` too many of these kinds of egg and sperm donor arrangements are done informally , with no concrete decisions made about what role the different parents will play .
' a court heard the birth mother and genetic mother had an ` intimate relationship ' after meeting in the 1990s and continued to live together after their relationship became platonic .
when one of them struggled to conceive , the other agreed to donate her eggs , which were fertilised using an anonymous sperm donor in 2007 .
but when relations soured in 2012 and the genetic mother moved out , she found she was not recognised as the twins ' legal parent .
the girls continued to live with the birth mother and she later entered a civil partnership with another woman , who was subsequently made a legal parent of the twins by