by .
daily mail reporter .
murderer : babysitter jessica fraraccio , 22 , admitted to killing little elijah two years ago .
the devastated family of toddler elijah nealey who was suffocated by his babysitter two years ago has slammed her five-year prison sentence as ` an insult ' .
jessica fraraccio , 22 , pleaded guilty in october to killing the 23-month-old boy in his virginia home .
even though mike and jennifer nealey understood nothing could bring back their beloved son , the grieving couple hoped for a five-decade prison sentence .
the couple were left reeling when judge j. howe brown on monday sentenced fraraccio to 50 years jail , but suspended 45 and ordered that she donate $ 1 every year to charity following her .
release .
audible gasps were heard in the courtroom when the sentence was announced , which the boy 's grandmother described as ` an insult ' .
` once the verdict was read , i did n't .
even fully comprehend it until after i 'd left the courtroom and it all .
started sinking in .
the anger has started to really build .
up since monday .
it still does n't make sense , ' 40-year-old mike nealey said , according to the huffington post .
` his -lrb- the judge 's -rrb- decision shows no respect whatsoever for me , my family , or the life of my son .
` to me , it 's a total failure of our .
justice system .
i want everyone to know what the judge thought my son 's .
life was worth ... which is pretty much nothing , according to him .
' in handing down the sentence , brown admitted his decision would please nobody , but did n't consider 50-years jail appropriate .
` nothing i can do brings back elijah or makes them -lrb- his parents -rrb- feel better , ' he said , according to the washington post .
` likewise , nothing i can do to punish her is more important than her memory of what she -lrb- fraraccio -rrb- did .
' shocking : jessica fraraccio , 22 , had cared for little elijah for seven months before she murdered him in august 2012 .
fraraccio , a .
devout catholic with a ` submissive personality ' , had cared