under 18s ?
under 21s ?
there really is no difference when you can strike the ball like that .
kasey palmer came off the bench to score a cracker on tuesday night as chelsea 's under 18s thrashed huddersfield town 6-1 in the fourth round of the fa youth cup .
24 hours later , on the very same pitch , he produced another stunner for the under 21s .
it left palmer 's right boot like a cannonball , always rising and swerving , making the goalkeeper 's dive look pathetic as it crashed into the top corner .
kasey palmer -lrb- second right -rrb- celebrates scoring chelsea 's first goal of the game on wednesday night .
chelsea : jamal blackman ; trevoh chalobah -lrb- kyle scott 54 -rrb- , jordan houghton -lrb- c -rrb- , dion conroy , fankaty dabo ; nathan ake , andreas christensen , ruben loftus-cheek ; reece mitchell , ike ugbo -lrb- ruben sammut 75 -rrb- , kasey palmer -lrb- hubert adamczyck 67 -rrb- .
subs not used : billy grainger , mukhtar ali , isaac christie davies , ali suljic .
scorers : palmer 21 ; scott 90 +1 .
booked : conroy .
porto : aldo nonteiro ; igor osorio , luis alves , francisco ranos , andre silva , victor fernandez , leander sierann , toras podstawski , marko paulouski -lrb- joao graca 58 -rrb- , frederic naciel -lrb- luis trabulo 75 -rrb- , joris ditu -lrb- djin celstin 77 -rrb- .
subs not used : raul vega , david bruno , romel costa , leandro silva .
scorer : andre silva 14 .
booked : naciel .
referee : constantine hatzidakis .
attendance : 397 .
it cancelled out andre silva 's early opener for porto in this premier league under 21 international cup encounter and kyle scott 's late winner was enough to see the blues through their group and into the knockout phase .
the goal will do wonders for palmer 's burgeoning reputation too .
signed from charlton with a little controversy and plenty of compensation midway through the 2012-13 campaign , palmer , just 18 , has graduated quickly to chelsea 's under 21 set-up .
he looks right at home and with a sweet hit like that , not to mention the stamina and dedication to play two nights on the trot ,