it 's almost eight months to the day since liverpool and everton last met and , like bickering siblings , the disagreements go on .
liverpool won 4-0 at anfield in january , which really should have ended all arguments before they began .
this is merseyside , though , and different rules apply .
as such , everton 's roberto martinez has never accepted that result as a hiding while brendan rodgers of liverpool also believes the scoreline was n't representative of what went on .
liverpool manager brendan rodgers will urge his players to get on the front foot in the merseyside derby .
roberto martinez will not sacrifice his attacking principles against the reds despite his side leaking goals .
liverpool have lost their last two matches in the premier league and sit in 11th position after a poor start .
everton have won only once in the premier league this season and are just a point above the drop zone .
` they were fortunate not to go away from the game losing seven or eight , ' said rodgers rather pithily this week .
222 : in 222 derbies , liverpool have won 89 , everton 66 , with 67 draws .
11 : the highest-scoring match came in 1933 , when liverpool won 7-4 at anfield .
13 : the number of own goals in this fixture - three by liverpool and 10 by everton .
566 : the number of merseyside derby goals - liverpool with 311 and everton 255 .
on the one hand it 's good to know these things still matter that much .
it will be a sad day if they ever do n't .
on the other hand , however , both clubs go into saturday 's lunchtime fixture with broader things to ponder , namely rather indifferent starts to the premier league season and defensive records more suited to life at the bottom end of the table .
it could be argued that the only club from last season 's top end with anything like satisfactory form so far is chelsea .
from that point of view , liverpool and everton are not alone .
steven gerrard scored in liverpool 's 4-0 mauling of everton when the sides last met , eight months ago .
daniel sturridge also scored that night , and he is in line