by .
leon watson .
published : .
14:56 est , 18 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:08 est , 19 november 2013 .
the striking design is meant to resemble an ancient dhow boat that qataris traditionally used for pearl diving .
but when plans were released for a new 45,000-capacity stadium to host the 2022 fifa world cup the first reaction was something different entirely .
as qatar unveiled the stunning blueprints for its new state-of-the-art climate-controlled al-wakrah sports stadium , design went viral .
scroll down for video .
private parts : designed by aecom in association with zaha hadid architects , the new 40,000-seat al wakrah stadium is a proposed venue for matches during the 2022 fifa world cup qatar .
inspired by the dhow boat that carried generations of local fishermen and pearl divers , the stadium weaves together qatar 's past with its progressive vision for the future .
thousands of fans posted tweets likening it to a woman 's private parts - something that was almost certainly unintentional .
the design , topped with a structure .
resembling the sails of a dhow , is meant to tackle the qatari searing heat and also includes a spectator area outside .
the ground that will be temperature controlled at 30c to 32c .
the .
plan gave no specific details how the cooling system would work , other .
than saying it would incorporate ` shading , aerodynamic and mechanical .
cooling components ' .
the .
question of the heat during a summer tournament has been a one of .
several controversies since qatar was announced as the winner of the bid .
in december 2010 .
players ' union fifpro has said it will urge its members not to take part if it .
is played in qatar 's summer , even if air conditioning is installed in .
the stadiums .
qatar 's building projects have also been .
hit by allegations of migrant construction workers not being given .
enough food or water , as well as accusations of corruption over the .
voting procedure to win the bid .
officials have denied the accusations .
state-of-the-art : sustainable materials and practices will be used throughout the stadium and the pitch and spectator stands will be cooled to a perfect temperature for football .
qatar 's building