about 45 minutes have been cut from the nearly three-hour blockbuster the wolf of wall street for dubai audiences , or a quarter of the film , leaving many viewers disappointed and confused about the sequence of events .
the cuts come as the movie has drawn criticism even from film critics in more liberal countries for its portrayal of drugs , sex and money .
detractors say the film glorifies unchecked greed , includes full nudity and is loaded with a reported record for f-bombs in a movie - more than 500 .
moviegoers said all profanities were bleeped out from the martin scorsese movie featuring leonardo dicaprio .
scroll down for video .
banking excess : dicaprio , who plays jordan belfont , starts a corrupt stock-brokerage in the wolf of wall street , which has been cut by censors in dubai by around 45 minutes because of its portrayal of drugs and sex .
one woman wrote on the facebook page for reel cinemas , which operates two theaters in dubai , that she and her friend walked out after about 40 minutes because they felt the movie was simply incoherent and unwatchable .
it is standard policy across most of the middle east for governments to preview and censor uncut versions of movies , although the extent of the censoring may differ .
censors edit out even kissing scenes in local theaters and on certain arab satellite television channels .
juma al-leem , director of media content at the national media center , said censors in the united arab emirates , which includes dubai , typically cut out scenes or language deemed blasphemous or harmful to national security , along with excessive nudity .
however , al-leem told the associated press that in this case the regional distributor , gulf film based in dubai , was responsible for the heavy edits .
` we felt that the editing was done abroad and we will not accept editing done abroad , ' he said .
` we want to see the whole film first and decide .
' hedonism : the film features dicaprio 's character having sex on top of a pile of money .
gulf film , which distributes paramount and universal titles in dubai and other gulf arab countries , and its parent company qatar media services did not immediately respond to a request