a couple that made headlines around the world when their baby son allegedly spontaneously burst into flames four times are back in the news after their second newborn baby son also caught fire .
in the first incident in 2013 the couple 's first baby , rahul , ended up in the intensive care ward at a hospital in south-eastern india 's viluppuram district , in the tamil nadu state , after neighbours had heard him screaming , and rushed into the house from outside to discover the child on fire in his cot .
his mother , who was working in the fields , took him to hospital and since then he has caught fire another three times , she claimed .
indian mother rajeshwari karnan claimed that her 10-day-old baby son -lrb- pictured -rrb- spontaneously combusted .
medics at the government kilpauk hospital said that the boy had about 10 per cent burn damage to his feet .
one of the first serious accounts of it appeared in the august journal philosophical transactions of the royal society in 1745 , which recorded how a 62-year-old italian countess had gone to bed one night feeling ` dull and heavy ' .
the next morning , all that was found in her bedroom was a pile of ash and her legs .
many other cases followed , and by 1806 , one scientist thought he had the answer .
in an essay on the combustion of humans , pierre lair suggested that the problem was the demon drink , and he subtitled his article , products of the abuse of spirituous liquors .
the explanation that alcohol was to blame quickly caught on , especially among moralists who were against the hard stuff .
in 1832 , a popular victorian magazine claimed all those who suddenly burst into flames were ` habitually drunken ' .
the notion was so widespread that when charles dickens included an episode of spontaneous human combustion in his 1852 novel bleak house , the victim -- the villainous mr krook -- was said to be ` continual in liquor ' .
british research biologist brian j. ford argued in two articles , one of which appeared in the new scientist , that spontaneous human combustion may be caused by a chemical called acetone that is produced naturally in the body , the chemical often used