rapper chris brown 's entourage got into a bottle-throwing fight with a nearby group at new york nightclub , according to a police source .
rapper chris brown 's entourage got into a bottle-throwing brawl with a nearby group at a new york nightclub , according to a police source .
the alleged incident took place last night at the meatpacking district 's vip room where brown was hosting a new york fashion week after-party .
one man who was hit by flying glass is in a stable condition with a serious eye injury at beth israel hospital , the source said , according to the new york daily news .
police , who arrived at the club at 3:20 am , are investigating the incident , but there are no immediate arrests .
law enforcement sources told tmz that they are not sure the 25-year-old singer was directly involved , but a witness told the website brown was in a vip section of the club when the brawl broke out .
two years ago brown was directly involved in a similar brawl with drake and his crew at w.i.p. nightclub in nyc thought to be over popstar rihanna .
last month music mogul suge knight was shot at a pre-vma party hosted by chris brown at an la nightclub .
the 49-year-old was treated for six shotgun wounds at hospital and two others , including 19-year-old model megan hawkins , were also shot - all three were rushed to cedars-sinai medical center .
earlier this month brown pleaded guilty to punching a man in the face outside a washington hotel , an assault that occurred while the singer was on probation for attacking his then-girlfriend rihanna .
brown pleaded guilty to misdemeanor assault and was sentenced to time served .
he spent two days in a district of columbia jail in the case , one that further tarnished the image of the grammy-winning singer .
brown admitted that he hit a man who tried to get in a picture the singer was taking with two women outside the w hotel a few blocks from the white house last october .
scroll down for video .
the alleged brawl took place last night at the meatpacking district 's vip room -lrb- pictured interior -rrb- where brown was hosting a new york fashion week after-party .
one man who was hit