new york public schools will add two muslim holidays to their vacation calendars , mayor bill de blasio said wednesday , a promise he made during his election campaign .
the policy change was hailed by islamic leaders in new york city .
under the new policy , the city 's 1.1 million-pupil public school system will close on sept. 24 for eid al-adha , which is also known as the festival of sacrifice .
the holiday of eid al-fitr , marking the end of ramadan , will be observed during summer school in 2016 .
scroll down for video .
nyc mayor bill de blasio -lrb- pictured today promised in his election campaign that new york public schools would add the muslim holidays to their vacation calendars .
mayor bill de blasio announced today that nyc will become largest school district in the nation to recognize eid al-fitr and eid al-adha .
ramadan is based on the islamic lunar calendar and moves each year .
` hundreds of thousands of muslim families will no longer have to choose between honoring the most sacred days on their calendar or attending school , ' mayor bill de blasio said in his announcement .
muslim leaders welcomed the announcement .
` after years of advocating by new york city 's muslim community , muslim public school students will finally and thankfully no longer be penalized for observing their religious holidays , ' said zead ramadan , a board member of the council on american-islamic relations .
linda sarsour , a muslim community advocate and public school parent who joined de blasio for the announcement at a school in brooklyn , said , ` this is what new york city is all about -- recognition , inclusion and respect .
' estimates of the number of muslims living in new york city vary from 600,000 to 1 million .
community leaders have long urged adding the two muslim holidays to the school calendar , and the city council passed a resolution supporting the change in 2009 .
former mayor michael bloomberg opposed making the change but de blasio and the other major candidates who campaigned to succeed bloomberg in 2013 all said they would implement it .
the new calendar will keep the total number of school days unchanged at 182 : the state-mandated 180 plus two more in case there are snow