a chinese official was removed from his post after he was pictured accepting a piggy back ride from a resident of a typhoon hit city through flood water - because he did n't want to ruin his shoes .
a picture of the official , known only as wang , sparked outrage when it was posted on chinese social media website sina weibo .
the photo was taken as wang visited the city of yuyao , in zhejiang province , as the area suffered widespread flooding after being hit by a devastating typhoon which left 10 people dead .
piggy back : this picture , which went viral after it was posted on a chinese social media website , appears to show an official being carried through typhoon flood waters because he did not want to ruin his shows .
natural disaster : yuyao city , in zhejiang province , china , was hit by heavy flooding following a typhoon .
an official was reportedly pictured being carried across flood water because he did n't want to ruin his shoes .
according to china 's state-run news agency xinhua , a caption posted alongside the photograph claimed that wang was being carried because he was wearing a pair of expensive shoes made of cloth .
but the sanqishi township government , which employed the official , claimed that he had been set to remove his shoes to walk barefoot to a flooding victim 's house .
but according to msn reports , despite wang 's insistence that he would walk , the local picked him up anyway and carried him through the water .
wang was given a second piggy back by the man as the group left the house .
whether the official had intended to walk as suggested by reports or not , the online fuss created by the picture saw him removed from his post as director of the township 's construction office .
disaster zone : the area was hit by up to 11 inches of rain water in just 17 hours .
here a man is pictured pulling his family through flood waters on a boat .
hundreds of thousands of people had to be evacuated from their homes after typhoon fitow hit southeastern china last week .
the typhoon cut power in many parts of the region and high speed rail services were suspended