by .
matt lawton .
published : .
11:06 est , 25 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
19:28 est , 25 june 2012 .
the fa stood up for england 's two shootout flops on monday night by branding racist twitter attacks on them as ` appalling and unacceptable ' .
police have started an investigation into offensive abuse aimed at ashley young and ashley cole shortly after they failed to score from the spot in the euro 2012 quarter-final against italy .
the fa , in backing both players as .
roy hodgson 's defeated side returned home , said : ` we are concerned at .
the allegations of abuse aimed at england players ashley cole and ashley .
young on twitter .
solemn : ashley young , left , and ashley cole , right , pictured after england 's defeat last night , have been hit with racist abuse for missing penalties .
` they have just given everything for .
the national team at euro 2012 and it is appalling and unacceptable that .
messages of an abusive type are being posted .
we support any police .
investigation in identifying who is behind this .
' in a series of offensive postings one user goaded others who criticised him for his rants .
in one post the tweeter wrote : ` all i got to say is this was just a joke , you guys need to relax , police know i was kiddin around and they wo n't bother me hopefully , cheers .
' another said : ` the police wo n't bother me mate i can assure you that .
' spot of bother : ashley young crashes his effort onto the bar during the shootout .
cr-ash : ashley young is crestfallen after seeing his spot-kick saved by italy captain buffon .
a metropolitan police spokesman said : .
` we are aware of alleged racist comments on twitter following last .
night 's england game and have launched an investigation .
` the .
allegation was made to mps on 25 june by a member of the public .
relating to comments on a twitter account supposedly based in london .
` there have been no arrests at this early stage .
` the mps is examining possible offences under section 18/19 public order act 1986 .