by .
helen lawson .
published : .
03:32 est , 24 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:55 est , 24 june 2013 .
it was the holiday destination that supposedly inspired dirty dancing .
but grossinger 's dancing days are over , the last guests have long since checked out , and the resort has been left to rot for 27 years .
the 1,200-acre catskills resort was abandoned in 1986 - the year before the hit film , starring patrick swayze and jennifer grey as a dance instructor and baby houseman , a holidaying teenager at the fictional kellerman 's , was released .
the hotel and grounds were part of the borscht belt , an area of new york state that was popular with holidaying jewish families who faced discrimination elsewhere before cheap air travel meant trips abroad took off .
the likes of elizabeth taylor and jackie robinson stayed at the glamorous resort in its 1960s and 70s heyday .
now grossinger 's has descended into decay , with deckchairs , beds and salon hairdryers still standing .
a deckchair in the abandoned jennie g hotel is now surrounded by foliage and moss , having been left untouched since 1986 .
two fold-down beds and a framed painting remain in this guest room even though moss has taken over the floor and the ceiling is bare .
a beauty salon lies derelict with the tall hairdryer still standing .
it looks like the salon was inspired by dutch artist piet mondrian 's composition paintings from the wall tiles that remain .
the deserted lobby has since been used for graffiti while the walls have been left to rot .
the hotel began as a small guesthouse with no plumbing or electricity in the 1900s , reports abandonednyc.com .
austrian immigrants asher selig grossinger and wife malke moved to the catskills from new york city , and malke 's incredible kosher cooking and their renowned hospitality meant they soon needed to expand .
in 1919 , they bought a bigger house - grossinger 's terrace hill house - sat within 100 acres .
the grossingers ' daughter jennie was the resort 's hostess and by the time of her death in 1972 , she had transformed it into 35 buildings attracting 150,000 guests a year .
grossinger 's was famed for being the first