the 40-year-old man accused of attacking v.stiviano in a racist assault which left her face severely bruised intends to deny the charges , his lawyer has said .
dominick diorio made a brief court appearance on wednesday and was released without bail .
he did not speak to waiting reporters but his attorney david scott smith said he expects the allegations to ` begin to fail ' as soon as they are examined with more scrutiny .
he went on to accuse stiviano of inventing the attack in order to gain publicity or to ` keep her name in the spotlight ' .
` simply put , a credible victim of a crime does not have her attorney call the press before she calls the police , ' said smith .
` miss stiviano seems intent on keeping her name in the spotlight .
but i can assure you if this case goes to trial , my cross-examination will last longer than her 15 minutes of fame .
' scroll down for video .
accused : dominick diorio made a brief court appearance on wednesday and was released without bail .
shocking : these two images - taken on sunday night and the next day - reveal what appears to be serious bruising and swelling suffered by v.stiviano in the alleged racially motivated assault she suffered over the weekend in manhattan .
dominick diorio , 40 , of old bethpage , new york , was originally charged with third-degree assault as a hate crime , assault , harassment and aggravated harassment .
arraignment : this is dominick diorio on wednesday outside manhattan criminal court where he was released without bail .
release : dominick diorio with his attorney david scott smith - who said that v. stiviano accused his client to continue her 15-minutes of fame .
diorio , of old bethpage , long island , appeared in manhattan criminal court for his arraignment .
pictures which v. stiviano claims are proof she was assaulted in new york city were released yesterday by mailonline .
the images allegedly show extensive bruising across the right side of the 31-year-old 's face .
in .
one photograph , taken after sunday 's alleged assault outside the .
gansevoort hotel , a stunned looking stiviano has what appears to be a .
huge florid mark burgeoning from her eye down to her chin