as the world lurches from one crisis to another , one thing is reassuringly certain - president obama will be playing golf and usually with his ` secretary of swing ' , marvin nicholson .
the two men have played golf together an astonishing 140 times over the past six years , drawing envious gazes from washington politicos , who are desperate for any priceless ` face-time ' with the leader of the free world .
indeed , so close are they , that the president was comfortable enough to step away from the situation room to play cards with nicholson during the now legendary navy seal 's raid that killed osama bin laden in 2011 .
golf partner : marvin nicholson has played on the links with president obama 140 times since he first joined the staff in 2008 for his successful bid for the presidency .
hiring the ferris bueller-loving nicholson away from john kerry for his 2008 campaign , obama has become firm friends with the man the secretary of state dubbed ` chief of stuff ' for his tireless carrying of bags during his own failed attempt at the presidency in 2004 .
well played : the president gives one of his famous fist bumps to marvin nicholson out on the golf course at the minks meadows golf club on martha 's vineyard in 2009 .
profiled in a new york times portrait over the weekend for which obama allowed himself to be interviewed , nicholson is portrayed as a man the president can relax with while valdimir putin tests the resolve again of the us again , or isis sets the middle east ablaze .
having grown up in canada , the congenial nicholson , 42 , has played golf with the president more times than anyone else .
` every president needs a space where he can be quiet and let loose and feel normal , ' said obama to the new york times .
` and when i 'm with marvin , we can talk the same way we would if we were just a couple of guys having a beer and whacking a ball around .
' reggie lover , the president 's former personal aide prior to nicholson recounted the story of the bin laden card game during a 2013 talk at the university of california in los angeles .
he