tottenham set up a fifth round tie with manchester united in the fa youth cup after goals from ismail azzaoui and kyle walker-peters saw off wolves on thursday night .
the london side 's comfortable win at dagenham completes the last 16 line-up in the prestigious youth competition and keeps them in contention for a fourth triumph .
belgian youth international azzaoui fired spurs into a 10th-minute lead when he seized onto anthony georgiou 's through pass and swept the ball past goalkeeper harry burgoyne and into the far corner .
tottenham 's ismail azzaoui -lrb- right -rrb- celebrates opening the scoring on 10 minutes against wolves .
kyle walker-peters -lrb- left -rrb- celebrates the second-half goal that ensure tottenham 's place in the fifth round .
tottenham hotspur : voss , walker-peters , muscatt , amos , tanganga , walkes , georgiou , onomah -lrb- c -rrb- , harrison -lrb- edwards 80 -rrb- , goddard -lrb- owens 66 -rrb- , azzaoui -lrb- loft 73 -rrb- .
substitutes not used : stylianides , glover -lrb- gk -rrb- .
scorers : azzaoui 10 ; walker-peters 63 .
wolverhampton wanderers : burgoyne , matinyadze , johnson , finnie -lrb- devers 73 -rrb- , hayden , upton , leacock-mcleod -lrb- carnat 64 -rrb- , rainey , enobakhare , ronan , hunte -lrb- delacoe 78 -rrb- .
substitutes not used : bills , breslin -lrb- gk -rrb- .
it was just reward for a bright tottenham start which had seen an earlier effort by azzaoui blocked at the back post by tendai matinyadze .
their lead could have been doubled later in the first-half when 15-year-old centre-half japhet tanganga saw his shot from georgiou 's right-sided cross blocked .
azzaoui also saw an effort pushed onto the post by burgoyne in stoppage time as spurs pushed for their second of the night .
tottenham continued to be the better side after the break and the lively azzaoui saw another shot blocked by the wolves goalkeeper at his near post , with cy goddard seeing his rebound blocked .
but , just a couple of minutes later , spurs did gain a contest-killing second goal when goddard threaed the ball into walker-peters and he fired high inside the near post .
it would have been three had burgoyne not been alert when spurs substitute ryan loft was played in behind the wolves defence .
wolves