by .
steph cockroft .
hollywood smile : the duchess of cambridge opted for orthodontic ` micro-rotations ' to give her the perfect smile .
the old saying goes that you 're never fully dressed without a smile .
but it now seems it 's not so much about the smile as the teeth beneath it .
according to a top social scientist , where we now stand in society is becoming increasingly dependent not on our education or our upbringing - but on the state of our gnashers .
malcolm gladwell , the writer behind david and goliath , says teeth are becoming the new benchmark of inequality .
according to the writer , those with bad teeth are also given a lower chance of success - because they are ` denied ' certain ` entry-level ' jobs .
he told the times : ` that 's kind of the way we 're moving as the gap between the fit and the .
unfit grows .
` the teeth thing and the obesity problems are the same : they .
are symptoms of the same set of inferences that are being drawn .
' i think those kinds of physical characteristics - that 's completely the next wave of discrimination .
' the comments follow an increasing trend of celebrities and reality tv stars paying to have work done to their teeth .
the range of work includes tooth whitening using bleach , veneers and even implants in which titanium spikes are put into a person 's jaw .
experts fear that while those with money can pay to .
give themselves sparkling hollywood smiles , those from poorer .
backgrounds can not afford to give their teeth the same treatment .
results from the government 's health and social care .
information centre also seem to back up mr gladwell 's comments .
victoria beckham is just one of a number of celebrities who had work on their teeth once they were famous .
statistics from the centre show one fifth of hospital admissions for .
dental treatments in 2011 were for patients from the most deprived 10 per cent of .
the population in england .
the .
figures also show that there were three times as many patients aged .
between 0 and 29 having treatment than those aged over 60 - when teeth .
are