a woman who stopped eating after being bullied over the size of her breasts is to be the face of a new campaign against mental health stigma .
so traumatised by repeated bullying about her large bust , leanne mckillop , now 31 , began to diet , which quickly spiraled into anorexia , resulting in her being admitted to hospital three times as the disease took over her life and left her dangerously ill .
now leanne , from greenock , in scotland , has chosen to co-front a push by campaign group ` see me ' , a scotland-wide bid to end mental health stigma and discrimination , managed by the mental health foundation and the scottish association for mental health -lrb- samh -rrb- .
scroll down for video .
leanne was once so unwell with anorexia , she had to be - hospitalised three times and became dangerously ill .
leanne is speaking about her story to help others and encouraging people to join the see me campaign .
leanne said the stigma she faced when she had the eating disorder led to her ` questioning herself as a person ' .
she said that people would tell her that all she had to do was ` pick up a fork ' and by not eating she was ` hurting ' her family .
when boys at school began to tease leanne about her big breasts , she stopped eating in a bid to shrink her 34e chest , but soon found herself unable to stop dieting and in the grip of anorexia .
at her lowest ebb , leanne weighed just 4st 7lb and told by doctors to eat or risk dying .
after seeing anorexia claim the lives of two friends , leanne turned the corner with the help of rehab clinic the priory .
her experiences prompted her to take part in the new campaign will be launched in glasgow 's royal concert hall on october 28 .
leanne is speaking about her story to help others and is encouraging people to join the see me campaign .
she said : ` it only takes one person to change someone else 's actions and that can have a knock-on affect .
' miss mckillop -lrb- pictured at 17 -rrb- was teased at school about the size of her breasts and became depressed .
at