this is the man police believe carried out the hit of a british man found dead with his throat cut in a rice paddy in bali earlier this week .
the body of robert kelvin ellis , 60 , was found wrapped in plastic and dumped in a ditch in the rice field near sedang village on tuesday .
adrianus ngongo , the main suspect in the murder , was questioned at bali police headquarters in denpasar on thursday .
scroll down for video .
adrianus ngongo -lrb- pictured -rrb- is the main suspect in the murder of robert kelvin ellis , who was killed when his balinese wife noor ellis allegedly ordered a hit on him .
british man robert kelvin ellis -lrb- left -rrb- , here with wife noor ellis -lrb- right -rrb- was found in a rice paddock with his throat cut on tuesday .
police will allege mr ellis ' indonesian wife julaikah noor aini , who goes by the name noor ellis , ordered the hit on him .
mr ellis ' wife has allegedly confessed to ordering the murder because he cheated on her ` often ' .
` the motive is because his wife felt embittered with the victim , ' badung police chief komang suartana told news corp. .
` because of many things .
she said that her husband is often cheating on her .
we allege that she paid the executioners to kill her husband .
' officials said mr ellis , who has been living in australia , had a uk passport , and is believed to have moved to the seaside area of sanur , bali with his wife .
mr suartana said police had arrested one of the alleged killers padangbai in bali 's east , and were searching for three others .
officials confirmed that mr ellis , who has been living in australia , had a uk passport , and is believed to have moved to the seaside area of sanur , bali with his wife .
he is understood to have two sons who are studying in australia .
a friend told fairfax media that mr ellis spent a lot of his time in the indonesian capital , jakarta , where he had an apartment .
` he used to go up there every week and was rooting every girl that runs around town