by .
tara brady .
published : .
07:07 est , 21 april 2012 .
| .
updated : .
09:35 est , 21 april 2012 .
twin brothers are facing charges in the united states for allegedly tricking investors out of more than # 700,000 with a fake stock-picking robot called marl .
alexander and thomas hunter from whitley bay , north tyneside , were just 16-years-old when they devised the ` elaborate ' online scam from their bedroom in their parents ' home which fooled around 75,000 people , u.s. officials have claimed .
the brothers allegedly invented a fictitious ` stock picking robot ' in 2007 and claimed on a series of websites that the highly sophisticated computer programme could identify stocks that were about the rocket in price .
court action : alexander -lrb- left -rrb- and thomas hunter -lrb- right -rrb- are accused of setting up the company from their bedroom in their parents ' home in whitley bay .
they then targeted thousands of unsuspecting investors selling them ` home versions ' of the bogus software - named marl - and annual subscription to a newsletter that listed the programme 's stock recommendations , it is claimed .
however , according to the united states securities and exchange commission -lrb- sec -rrb- , which has brought the civil action , the stocks were not generated by any technical analysis and were in fact companies paying the brothers for promotion .
legal papers filed in the u.s. district court for the southern district of new york yesterday claimed investors paid $ 47 for newsletters listing marl 's stock picks and $ 97 for the home software .
the twins allegedly promoted the scam on website doublingstocks.com , which claimed the robot 's stock analysis earned returns of 34 per cent per week , it is said .
according to the financial times , investors were also told the stock picking robot had been invented by michael cohen , who developed the system for goldman sachs .
but there was no record of an employee or contractor at goldman sachs called michael cohen , the sec said .
meanwhile , the hunters , now 20 , received at least an additional $ 1.86 m , about # 1.5 m , in fees from stock promoters for their services , which was advertised on website equitypromoter.com ,