england captain eoin morgan insists his involvement in a lurid blackmail plot has not distracted him from the job at hand , despite being dismissed first ball in the tri-series defeat to australia .
the england and wales cricket board on thursday lifted the lid on an australian resident 's attempt to use details of a brief relationship from morgan 's past to raise a five-figure pay-off - reportedly # 35,000 - from the organisation .
the ecb said it received an email from an australian man demanding the money to prevent him revealing details regarding a relationship morgan had with a woman five years ago to newspapers in the uk and australia .
eoin morgan was dismissed for a golden duck in england 's three wicket defeat to australia .
gurinder sandhu -lrb- right -rrb- of australia celebrates removing england one-day captain morgan .
ecb officials in australia approached the tasmanian after discussions with the metropolitan police .
the man concerned , reportedly a hobart workplace safety consultant who is in a relationship with the woman , admitted and apologised for his actions when confronted .
he contacted a melbourne newspaper admitting he was the man involved and saying he was in possession of ` sexually based ' messages exchanged between his partner and the 28-year-old .
although the issue created headlines in england and australia , the ecb plan no more action against the man involved ` at this stage ' .
less than 24 hours after the story emerged , morgan led his side out against australia in hobart .
the day did not provide any light relief for the dubliner , who was dismissed for a golden duck and saw his side slip to a three-wicket defeat .
steve smith 's century formed the backbone of australia 's innings as they beat england in hobart .
australia 's victory was secured in the final over of the tri-series match against morgan 's side .
however , he declined to blame his unusual build-up for the disappointment .
` it has n't been distracting at all .
i spoke with the ecb yesterday -lrb- thursday -rrb- and i was very happy for them to deal with it , ' he said .
` they told me just to focus on the cricket 100 per cent and i 've done that .
' i was very comfortable with