battle : jennifer wederell died at the age of 27 from lung cancer .
she had a transplant to try and save her from cystic fibrosis .
she delayed her wedding for two years while she waited for a lung transplant to save her from the cystic fibrosis that had claimed her brother 's life .
the operation was a success , and last autumn an overjoyed jennifer wederell walked down the aisle to marry her boyfriend of four years , david .
less than a year later , mrs wederell was dead , killed by cancer which her family are certain came from the donated lungs -- which they found out , too late , had belonged to a 20-a-day smoker .
mr wederell says there is no way that his wife , who died in august at the age of 27 , would ever have agreed to the transplant had she known the lungs came from a smoker .
along with his wife 's parents , mr wederell , 28 , is now campaigning for more non-smokers to register as organ donors , to prevent other families going through the same agony .
while it is easy to assume that only pristine organs are used in transplants , a severe shortage of donors means that almost 40 per cent of lungs used in the operations come from donors who have smoked .
research shows that a seriously ill patient is much more likely to die from turning down a transplant than from accepting lungs donated by a smoker .
essex-born mrs wederell was diagnosed with cystic fibrosis at the age of two .
the disease , in which the lungs and digestive system become clogged with thick , sticky mucus , is hereditary .
it claimed the life of her older brother , richard grannell , when he was just 23 .
mrs wederell met her future husband through friends in 2007 .
by the time they got engaged in 2009 , her health had deteriorated badly and the couple decided to delay the wedding in the hope she would get a transplant .
after an 18-month wait , she was told in april of last year that a pair of lungs were available .
she gave her consent to the transplant after a doctor ran through the risks .
a few weeks before her operation , .