a sexy politician has made waves in her homeland after revealing photos of her appeared in a tabloid paper .
vanja hadzovic , 27 , an adviser in the ministry of foreign affairs , is planning a life as a career diplomat .
but the photos of her in the daily blic have ruffled feathers among her superiors in the ministry .
chest not on : photos of vanja hadzovic , 27 , have ruffled feathers in the serbian government .
` there are those both within and outside serbia who might think these pictures are not suitable for a woman who is hoping to excel at diplomacy , ' said one foreign ministry source .
vanja , who holds a degree in management in media , has refused to comment on the photos that exploded across the internet on monday .
her boss at the foreign ministry , serbia 's foreign secretary ivan mrkic , says she will find herself at the centre of a government probe .
investigation : ms hadzovic 's boss , serbia 's foreign secretary ivan mrkic , says she will find herself at the centre of a government probe .
mum 's the word : vanja , who holds a degree in management in media , has refused to comment on the photos .
and how vanja hadzovic looks normally when not posing provocatively .
he said it was also important to remember that she was in training and held no diplomatic status as of yet .
although sources said the ministry is embarrassed by what has happened , he defended her right to pose and put the images on social networking sites .
` to appear on social networks is the right of every individual .
but our employees of the ministry of foreign affairs need to act according to the code of conduct on these networks .
the employee that was mentioned has shut down her profiles on these networks , ' the minister added .
he also praised her as a person who ` conscientiously carries out her everyday duties ' .
in the past vanja hadzovic used to be the vice president of the youth arm of the socialist party - the party once led by war crimes suspect and late serbian leader slobodan milosevic .