joseph chernach stands on the sideline during a high school football game in crystal falls , michigan .
he later committed suicide at the age of 25 after suffering from early dementia , his family claims .
the mother of a 25-year-old man who hanged himself is suing pop warner football , claiming his suicide was the result of dementia and deep despair caused by brain injuries suffered while playing youth football .
joseph chernach committed suicide in his mother 's shed in hixton , wisconsin , in 2012 , after brain injuries began to impair him in his sophomore year at college , it is claimed .
the lawsuit filed in federal court in madison , wisconsin , says he suffered from a degenerative brain disease called dementia pugilistica , also known as chronic traumatic encephalopathy or cte , and that he also had post-concussion syndrome .
it alleges he got them from playing in a pop warner league from 1997-2000 , beginning when he was 11 .
pop warner little scholars , named after legendary coach glenn scobey ` pop ' warner , is a non-profit organisation that facilitates youth football programmes for children aged between five and 16 .
the wrongful death lawsuit by debra pyka seeks at least $ 5 million from langhorne , pennsylvania-based pop warner little scholars , the pop warner foundation and their insurance company .
it says pop warner never warned chernach , other children or parents about the risks of playing tackle football and alleges pop warner football is an ` ultrahazardous activity ' that 's intrinsically dangerous to children .
it stated : ` pop warner - by engaging in the business of sponsoring , organizing and promoting tackle football for children - engaged in conduct that was outrageous , malicious , intentional and was done with the intentional disregard of joseph chernach 's rights as well as all other children who played pop warner football , not just in the state of wisconsin but everywhere in the united states .
' a pop warner spokesman did not immediately return a call seeking comment thursday night .
according to the lawsuit , chernach got good grades in his freshman year at central michigan university .
but it alleges the cumulative effects of cte and post-concussion syndrome began to impair him in his sophomore year .
` from that point on