yaya toure was nowhere near his best against bayern munich but he 'll soon be manchester city 's midfield beast again .
one day yaya toure will no doubt see his name in the manchester city hall of fame .
big goals in the barclays premier league and big goals in fa cup finals tend to do that for you .
as city have rampaged across england over the last four years , their big central midfielder has been at the heart of the machine , pouring forward with the burners on .
at his best toure is an incredible sight .
a technically gifted , adaptable and brutally strong footballer , few in the history of the sport -- never mind the history of his club -- have managed to ally touch , vision , energy and ferocious power quite like he has .
this weekend , however , the 31-year-old heads into a premier league clash with chelsea with questions being asked about his contribution , and also about his state of mind , for perhaps the very first time .
videos scroll down to watch .
yaya toure was n't at his best on wednesday night as manchester city lost 1-0 to bayern munich .
toure is helped to his feet by city captain vincent kompany .
in bavaria on wednesday night , toure had a bad night as city lost 1-0 to bayern munich in their opening champions league fixture of the season .
he looked slow and unfit , unable to cover the ground quickly enough , as pep guardiola 's team pressed hard in the opening half-hour .
as one respected pundit said on the way home from germany : ` fernandinho had to do the work of four men in city 's midfield .
certainly he had to do far too much of toure 's .
' every player is allowed a bad night , of course , and toure was n't alone on wednesday .
what opened him up to the social-media criticism that came his way , however , was the manner in which he was caught on camera laughing and joking with guardiola moments after the final whistle .
as fernandinho struggled with cramp and keeper joe hart sought consolation from winning goalscorer -- and former city colleague -- jerome boateng , toure exchanged pleasantries with his old barcelona coach