by .
ian ladyman .
published : .
05:15 est , 20 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
10:50 est , 20 february 2014 .
wayne rooney has agreed the fundamental details of his new # 300,000-a-week contract at manchester united but the deal has been held up by haggling over image rights .
it is understood that the united striker and his representatives have declared themselves happy with the fine details of the 28-year-old 's salary and bonus structure .
making his point : wayne rooney should pen a huge # 300,000-a-week deal at united in a matter of days .
back : rooney returned to training on wednesday after the team 's five-day break in dubai .
however , rooney can not actually sign the deal until a couple of issues over image rights are ironed out .
united .
chief executive ed woodward is confident that can be sorted out over .
the course of thursday and or friday and there is still an outside chance .
that confirmation of a new five-and-half-year deal could be made before .
close of play on friday .
if that does n't happen , though , it may have to wait until after united return from champions league duty in greece next week .
keeping up morale : david moyes has managed to tie rooney down on a five-year deal .
going nowhere : it looks as though rooney will see out the remainder of his career at old trafford , giving up on his dream of moving to chelsea .
united .
are relaxed about the situation with sources revealing on wednesday that the .
details of rooney 's pay and the length of the contact were actually .
sorted out some weeks ago .
they .
want to announce the deal as soon as possible to give the club and its .
manager david moyes a boost ahead of some important games in the weeks .
to come .
united -- seventh in .
the barclays premier league and seemingly out of the running for the .
champions league places -- are away at crystal palace on saturday evening .
and then fly to athens for their champions league game at olympiakos .
after that united are away at west brom , also in the barclays premier league .
break : rooney 's wife coleen is