there will be a new emphasis on spelling and grammar , and history lessons will focus on the story of britain .
after six weeks of summer holidays , children can find it quite a shock to be back at school .
but when term resumes this week , it may be even tougher than usual .
for the country is about to undergo the biggest education shake-up in a decade with a new , tougher national curriculum .
and further changes are planned , with education secretary nicky morgan saying the conservatives will pledge at the next election to make every pupil study five core academic subjects until they are 16 .
scroll down for video .
education secretary nicky morgan saying the conservatives will pledge at the next election to make every pupil study five core academic subjects until they are 16 .
under the new curriculum , children aged five will have to recite poetry by heart , 11-year-olds will sit maths exams without calculators and teenagers will study at least two shakespeare plays .
computer programming will be taught from five to 14 , and foreign languages will be made compulsory at primary school .
there will be a new emphasis on spelling and grammar , and history will focus on the story of britain .
the more traditional curriculum is the culmination of a four-year campaign started by michael gove .
his successor mrs morgan has pledged to continue the drive .
but many parents have been left in the dark and teachers say they are not ready to teach the material .
two-thirds of parents are totally unaware of the changes , a survey of 1,000 by the tuition firm explore learning found .
and six out of ten teachers say their schools are not prepared , a poll by the association of teachers and lecturers showed .
the curriculum was finalised last september -- which eight out of ten teachers said left too little time to make changes .
in the survey of 618 teachers , nine out of ten labelled the department for education 's approach ` chaotic ' or ` flawed ' .
nansi ellis , of the atl , said : ` the government has rushed through the biggest change to the national curriculum in a decade .
` children .
. .
face an uncertain time as their teachers