by .
amanda williams .
a man has stabbed to death two government workers in china after they told him they could n't register his fourth child , it has today been claimed .
four other workers were injured in the incident , including one whose hand was severed .
they had told the man they were unable to record the birth because he had not paid a fine for breaching china 's ` one child only ' family planning laws , it has been reported .
footage of the unnamed father outside a family planning office in southern china 's guangxi region , still brandishing a machete as police tried to subdue him has emerged .
a man is seen waving a machete after allegedly stabbed to death two government workers in china .
it is believed they told him they could n't register his fourth child because he had breached family planning policy .
it comes after a months of protests against authority in china that have turned violent in recent months .
thirty years ago the china introduced highly unpopular family planning rules which limited most urban couples to one child and rural families to two - if the first is a girl .
family planning officials have confirmed that a man and a woman at the office died in the attack and four other workers were injured , including a woman who had her right hand cut off .
an official from the family planning commission of fangchenggang city said the suspect was certified mentally disabled .
police wearing helmets and armed with long metal battled to bring the man them under control , according to footage broadcast on guangxi tv .
associated press reports that the suspect has now been detained .
the official xinhua news agency , said staff at the dongxing city family planning bureau - which comes under fangchenggang city - had refused to register the man 's fourth child for a hukou , or resident 's certificate , because he had n't paid a social compensation fee .
four other workers were injured in the incident , including one whose hand was severed .
it is believed they told the man they could n't record the birth because he had not paid a fine for breaching china 's ` one child only ' family planning laws .
the man is believed