ibrox legend barry ferguson wants dave king to be the new power behind rangers .
speaking after king arrived in glasgow this week for talks with directors and insisted he was confident of brokering a # 16million funding package for the championship outfit , ferguson threw his weight behind the castlemilk-born tycoon .
the former scotland and rangers skipper would like the south african businessman to eventually gain control of the club - but is refusing to raise his hopes after seeing too many false dawns in govan .
barry ferguson -lrb- centre -rrb- joins radio hosts peter martin -lrb- left -rrb- and alan rough at arnold clark in glasgow .
` it 's good to see somebody like dave king , who 's been at the club and knows what it 's all about , in talks , ' said ferguson .
` ideally , somebody like him would come in but , until it 's actually signed and sealed , we just do n't know .
` until i see it in black and white and it 's done , then you can talk about it .
things have happened in the past and nothing has come of it .
we do n't know how this will go .
` that 's the biggest frustration for rangers fans - my mates and people i meet on the street .
one minute you think things are going well .
the next minute it all falls flat on its face .
` i do n't think any rangers fans will be getting too excited right now .
i 'm the same as the vast majority .
until we see something happening , we ca n't get excited because we have hit brick walls before .
' dave king , pictured here in march , arrived in glasgow this week for talks with rangers directors .
with the club in danger of running out of cash before the end of the year , king is trying to convince the board to accept his # 16m bailout deal .
allied with former director paul murray and shareholder george letham , he spoke with directors on tuesday about his rescue package in which he would assume a 51 per cent stake in the club through a new share issue .
but the situation has been complicated by newcastle united owner mike ashley 's