by .
freya noble .
a german backpacker who got lost in the australian outback survived for nearly a month by eating flies and insects .
daniel dudzisz was attempting an epic 2,485 mile -lrb- 4,000 km -rrb- journey on foot from new south wales to uluru via queensland .
but the 26-year-old became stranded between windorah and jundah in central-west queensland after being cut off by floodwaters .
scroll down for video .
rescued : daniel dudzisz , has been found after becoming stranded in the queensland outback .
he was finally found near coopers creek by two men yesterday afternoon .
police inspector mark henderson told the abc mr dudzisz became lost and was stranded in bushland for about 10 days between two flooded sections of the barcoo river .
` if you had n't heard it with your own ears , not that i have but my officers have , they said they certainly would n't have believed it , ' he said .
` he joked about never going hungry in the australian outback because of the amount of flies you can eat for their protein apparently .
` he had some baked beans and cereal when he left windorah and exhausted that pretty quickly , and said he 'd been eating flies ever since .
' mr dudzisz described his travel method as ` quite hardcore ' in an interview with the warrego watchman in early february .
however , he was certain he could handle it , after being homeless for two years .
the plan : mr dudzisz started his journey in nsw , was found in windorah qld and said he will make it on foot to uluru .
` what i enjoy about the walking most is just how much closer nature feels when you cross and experience it like this , ' he told the publication .
` and all the little unexpected encounters and adventures that tend to accumulate along such a journey .
' however police believe the man , who is diabetic , was under-prepared for his expedition and were concerned about his insulin medication not being properly stored .
when talking to the abc , inspector henderson said mr dudzisz remains determined to continue his mission and has agreed to keep to main roads .
` he understands the risks and is disappointed and regretful that