the champions league group stage reached the half-way point this week with a series of entertaining and goal-laden matches .
we cast our eye over the eight groups to see who 's cruising through and who still has work to do in order to reach the knockout stage .
group a .
italian champions juventus have work to do if they are to avoid a repeat of last season 's group stage exit .
their 1-0 defeat by olympiacos on wednesday night leaves them third in the group and heaps pressure on massimiliano allegri 's side to get a result in the return match in turin the week after next .
the greeks have looked strong at home and that has been enough to offset a 2-0 loss in malmo and put them top of the group at the midway stage .
spanish champions and last season 's runners-up atletico madrid lost in greece on the opening matchday but back-to-back home victories have put them in a strong position .
you would still back them and juventus to advance , however .
olympiacos went top of group a after their 1-0 win over juventus on wednesday .
september 16 .
olympiacos 3 atletico madrid 2 .
juventus 2 malmo 0 .
october 1 .
malmo 2 olympiacos 0 .
atletico madrid 1 juventus 0 .
october 22 .
atletico madrid 5 malmo 0 .
olympiacos 1 juventus 0 .
november 4 .
malmo vs atletico madrid .
juventus vs olympiacos .
november 26 .
atletico madrid vs olympiacos .
malmo vs juventus .
december 9 .
olympiacos vs malmo .
juventus vs atletico madrid .
group b .
real madrid 's masterful performance on merseyside has put them on the brink of qualification for the knockout stages with three wins from three .
the defending champions beat basle 5-1 at the bernabeu on matchday one and then recovered from an early scare to beat ludogorets razgrad 2-1 in bulgaria .
a win against liverpool in the return match on november 4 will seal their progress .
the bulgarian debutants are actually second on goal difference following their 1-0 success over basle this week , while liverpool in third place and basle in fourth also have three points .
liverpool 's match with basle at anfield on matchday six still looks like being the decisive tie .
cristiano ronaldo and real