a 12-year-old girl was killed by her younger sibling in an accidental shooting just hours after she spoke about her love and thankfulness for her family at a church service .
the schoolgirl , identified by friends as adelaide clinger , had given a thanksgiving-themed speech about her gratitude and love for family to fellow members of her mormon church .
that afternoon emergency services were called to the clinger 's family home in kaysville , utah , where they immediately attempted life-saving measures on the girl but said she ` eventually succumbed to her injuries ' .
adelaide 's neighbor morgan mojica said the last thing the girl said in church is that she loves her family .
` she spoke in church today , ' adelaide 's friend and neighbor morgan mojica told kutv .
` the last thing she said is that she loves her family .
' ` she was my best friend and i loved her so much , ' the victim 's 13-year-old friend sydney arveseth added .
' i do n't know how i 'm going to get through this .
' jill bowden , a neighbor who attended the same church as the clinger family , told the deseret news : ` she was saying how grateful she was for her family and how her friends and her mom and dad are the best things in her life .
' officials said the victim attended centennial junior high school , which will have grief counselors on hand for students who may be affected by the death .
police have released few details about the shooting and noting the investigation is in its early stages , but they said they are not looking for any suspects .
emergency services were called to the clinger 's family home in kaysville , utah , where they immediately attempted life-saving measures on the girl but said she ` eventually succumbed to her injuries ' lieutenant paul thompson noted that handling incidents of this nature is difficult for officers , particularly those who have children of their own .
` it 's certainly not easy for anybody involved in these sorts of calls , ' he said .
lt. thompson added that such events offer a tragic reminder that firearms need to be securely stored in homes .
he said ` at minimum a trigger lock ,