by .
nazia parveen .
published : .
10:47 est , 11 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
20:46 est , 11 march 2013 .
allegations : dr humayun iqbal is accused of molesting two junior colleagues at a hospital in newcastle .
a senior doctor groped a trainee surgeon before telling her , ` well that 's what juniors are for is n't it ?
' , a medical tribunal has heard .
dr humayun iqbal , 40 , had been conducting a private anatomy lesson when he allegedly forced himself upon the woman and tried to steal a kiss before putting his hand down her blouse .
when his junior colleague protested and told him to get off , iqbal is said to have replied : ` i have to practise for my wife ' , later adding : ` at the end of your rotation you will be begging for it .
' the woman , known as dr b , was one of two junior female colleagues molested by iqbal while he was working as a registrar , a general medical council hearing has been told .
the fitness to practise panel heard that iqbal ` manipulated ' his victims and behaved inappropriately towards them under the charade of teaching .
peter atherton , counsel for the gmc , said : ` in each of these cases dr iqbal manipulated his victims by the offer of teaching and learning assistance to them .
` common to both is the emotional and mental turmoil that they both then experienced .
` in particular their great concern was how they were going to deal with this unexpected , totally inappropriate behaviour at the start of their careers .
` of course they were both anxious to make a good impression on their seniors and equally they were most concerned for their personal reputation .
' the alleged incident involving dr b occurred in december 2009 after iqbal invited her for ` further teaching ' in an empty coffee room .
peter atherton , gmc counsel .
iqbal asked the woman an anatomy question and when she answered correctly he hugged her before tightening his embrace and then forcibly kissing her , it was alleged .
mr atherton said : ` her reaction was to object and rebuke him for what happened but he started to say