by .
madlen davies for mailonline .
a man who was told he would never walk again after a childhood brain tumour left him confined to a wheelchair has defied the odds stacked against him to become a personal trainer .
adam low , of sunderland in tyne and wear , underwent emergency surgery for a brain tumour when he was just nine years old .
but the tumour robbed the now 22-year-old of his sense of balance .
he was left with permanent double vision and was confined to a wheelchair for the next two years , with specialists warning he would never stand or walk again .
but after watching his school friends race around and play football in the park mr low was determined to defy their predictions .
adam lowe , 22 , of sunderland in tyne and wear defied medics to become a personal trainer , even though doctors had told him he would never walk again after a childhood brain tumour left him in a wheelchair .
with the help of an eye patch mr low -lrb- pictured left -rrb- eventually overcame his lack of balance and embarked on his dream career - as a fitness instructor -lrb- pictured right -rrb- .
during his childhood adam low endured gruelling physio sessions to teach him to walk again , and he was so determined to play football he would practice for another five or six hours a day .
his resolve meant that over the course of his teens he slowly learned to stand and walk , then to run and play sports .
and with the help of an eye patch he eventually overcame his lack of balance and embarked on his dream career - as a fitness instructor .
mr low said it was devastating for a boy who loved sport to be told he would never walk again .
he said : ` they told me that i would never walk again .
i was absolutely gutted - i loved sport , i loved playing football .
` lying in the hospital bed i was trying to get up on feet , mum and dad would help me down to try to stand up .
` when i got home i saw my friends out playing football and i could n't do anything .
the brain tumour left mr low with double