a new zealand couple have been rescued from their locked car ` close to death ' because they thought the remote device - which they did not have - was the only way to get out .
for close to 13 hours mollieanne and brian smith sounded the mazda 3 car horn and tried to smash the windows with a car jack as they sat trapped in the vehicle that was parked in the garage of their home in alexandra , on the south island .
the elderly couple had been led to believe that only the remote control would open the doors - not realising that a simple catch by the door handle would have freed them , reports otago daily times .
for close on 13 hours mollieanne and brian smith sounded the horn and tried to smash the windows of their new mazda 3 , believing they were trapped inside .
when the couple were finally freed by neighbours the following morning mrs smith was unconscious because they had used up all the air in the car and her husband was struggling to breathe .
she told the paper today that they had learned from emergency services that if they had spent another half an hour in the car they could have died .
they said they believed there was no way to get out if the doors were locked and they did not have the remote control device with them .
they swung a car jack against the windows , hoping to break out , without success and sounded the horn after realising they could not open the doors at seven o'clock in the evening , but no-one came to help .
it was only the following morning that neighbours found them and called for an ambulance .
mrs smith was so ill and distressed that she spent three days in hospital .
the elderly couple had been led to believe that only the remote control would open the doors - not realising that a simple catch by the door handle would have freed them .
mr smith told the otago paper that he considered himself ` very methodical ' but he could not work out how to open the doors without the remote control device .
` once i found out how simple it was to unlock it i kicked myself that i did not