by .
victoria woollaston .
the amount you use the web may not only be affecting your sleep and how you communicate , it could also be influencing who you find attractive .
researchers have found that women who spend lots of time online prefer more masculine looking men , while men prefer more feminine , thinner women .
the findings suggest that the internet - and most likely media portrayals of certain ` types ' - is associated with what people think is attractive .
researchers found that women who spend lots of time online prefer more masculine men , while men with internet access prefer more feminine , thinner women .
an ideal couple cited in the study included russell crowe -lrb- right -rrb- and jennifer connelly -lrb- left -rrb- specifically in the 2014 film noah -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
st andrews university psychologist carlota batres , who led the study , said : ` one possibility for the difference is the level of media exposure .
for decades , experts believed women flocked to silent types because of their aloof and mysterious nature - but new research suggests its because the trait is actually an ultimate sign of masculinity .
on average , women talk three times as many words each day than men , and their brains are wired to recognise this trait .
when a women meets a man who talks a lot , they consider them to be more feminine and less attractive , yet men who use shorter words and speak more concisely were seen as more attractive because they appeared more masculine .
silent types who also have deep voices , such as hollywood actor george clooney , were considered the most attractive .
` people with internet access are more exposed to the media , adverts or websites , which promotes the beauty ideals of muscly men and thin feminine women .
' as a recent example , the researchers cited the hollywood blockbuster movie , noah , in which the male lead is played by the masculine actor russell crowe , and the female lead is played by the feminine , thin jennifer connelly .
other masculine men include hugh jackman , while rosie huntington-whiteley is an example of a thin , feminine woman .
the research was carried out in el salvador , where the majority of people -lrb-