by .
daily mail reporter .
updated : .
09:39 est , 14 december 2011 .
cash-strapped : increasing numbers of students are turning to prostitution to fund their studies , it has been claimed -lrb- picture posed by model -rrb- .
more and more students are turning to work in the sex industry to pay their way through university in the face of rising tuition fees and living costs , it was revealed today .
the national union of students has warned that as well as sex work , students are turning to gambling and medical experiments to pay for their education .
government reforms mean universities can start charging up to # 9,000 annually in tuition fees from next year .
in addition , the education maintenance allowance -lrb- ema -rrb- for 16 to 19-year-olds has been scrapped .
it is these reforms that are causing students to turn to the ` informal ' sector for money , according to the nus .
estelle hart , the nus national women 's officer , told bbc radio 5 live breakfast : `` students are taking more dangerous measures .
` in an economic climate where there are very few jobs , where student support has been massively cut , people are taking more work in the informal economy , such as sex work .
` it 's all dangerous unregulated work , simply so people can stay in education .
the nus also told bbc 5 live breakfast it estimated about 20 % of women working in lap dancing clubs were students .
a department for education spokesman said : ` we are targeting # 180 million a year financial support at the most vulnerable 16 to 19-year-olds to help them continue their studies - with transitional funding for the students who were getting the top rate of ema and partway through their studies .
clare , .
18 , -lrb- not her real name -rrb- turned to escorting during her a-levels when .
her ema -lrb- educational maintenance allowance -rrb- faced being cut .
she .
told the bbc : ' i began looking for jobs , but the hours were unsociable .
a lot of my friends have gone on to shop work , and have ended up .
leaving college .
i did n't want that to be me .
' ' i .
had a