hospital patients are so confused by nhs complaints procedures that many do not bother to speak out at all , a report warns today .
thousands are put off lodging a formal grievance by baffling systems or concerns that their gripes will lead to reprisals against a loved one , say watchdogs .
a review by the care quality commission -lrb- cqc -rrb- also pointed to poor complaint handling , slow investigations and patients not being taken seriously as key areas of concern in hospitals .
scroll down for video .
revelation : hospital patients are so confused by nhs complaints procedures that many do not bother to speak out at all , a report warns today .
it said complainants were met ` too often ' with a defensive culture rather than one that listens and is willing to learn .
but it is also worried about ` very few ' complaints over adult social care and primary care , which could indicate the lack of an open culture in which concerns are welcomed .
professor sir mike richards , chief inspector of hospitals at the cqc , said : ` a service that is safe , responsive and well-led will treat every concern as an opportunity to improve , will encourage its staff to raise concerns without fear of reprisal , and will respond to complaints openly and honestly .
` unfortunately this is not happening everywhere .
while most providers have complaints systems in place , people 's experiences of these are not consistently good .
` we know from the thousands of people who contact the cqc every year that many people do not even get as far as making a complaint as they are put off by the confusing system or worried about the impact that complaining might have on their or their loved one 's care .
` more needs to be done to encourage an open culture where concerns are welcomed and learned from .
' the cqc received more than 18,000 complaints about poor care last year -- 50 a day -- while written complaints about the nhs to the health and social care information centre topped 75,000 .
healthwatch england recently estimated that 250,000 incidents went unreported last year because people felt unable to complain for various reasons .
warning : health secretary jeremy hunt said : ` one of the