by .
amanda williams .
published : .
10:57 est , 25 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
11:20 est , 25 november 2012 .
mohammad siddiqur rahman chowdhury , an islamic studies teacher in bethnal green , is being investigated by the home office after it was revealed he was found guilty of murder in absentia in his native bangladesh .
a man convicted of murder in bangladesh is teaching at a secondary school in east london after checks into his criminal history failed , it has been revealed today .
mohammad siddiqur rahman chowdhury , an islamic studies teacher in bethnal green , is being investigated by the home office after it was revealed he was found guilty of murder in absentia in his native bangladesh .
the teacher had undergone a criminal record bureau check -lrb- crb -rrb- but the conviction was not unearthed as the crime had happened overseas .
chowdhury has denied the murder , claiming he was framed , and that it was actually committed by his brother who is now dead .
the case has highlighted a problem with crb checks which can lead to crimes committed overseas going undetected .
chowdhury , 38 , has been employed as a teacher at the darul hadis latifiah school in east london since 2001 .
but he was wanted for the 1997 murder of hazi akbor ali , the sunday times reports , in what was allegedly a family dispute .
although six people were charged , including his brother seraj and father , they were acquitted and only chowdhury was convicted in the 2005 trial .
the father of two - who was made a uk citizen after marrying a british woman in 2001 - was sentenced to life in prison in absentia .
he has since claimed his brother killed ali in self defence .
crb checks are carried out on behalf of employers by the local police force , but it is down to the employers to make the overseas checks on a person who has lived abroad by making contact with foreign embassies .
darul hadis latifiah islamic education centre in east london where mohammad siddiqur rahman chowdhury teaches .
crb checks are carried out on behalf of employers by the local police force , but it is down to the employers to make the overseas checks on a