swansea city proved they are not a one-man team by rattling in six goals without star man wilfried bony who is away on african cup of nations duty and the subject of reported # 25million interest from manchester city .
french striker bafetimbi gomis scored twice as the premier league side emphatically swept aside the challenge of league two tranmere -- 81 places below them in the football pyramid .
an entertaining match yielded five goals in the last 20 minutes alone .
swansea , capital one cup winners in 2013 , made nine changes from their previous premier league game against qpr but bombarded tranmere 's goal before stand-in skipper nathan dyer broke the deadlock from 12 yards though home fans claimed he 'd handled the ball before slamming a shot past owain fon williams .
swansea 's stand-in captain nathan dyer was on the score sheet to put his side ahead against tranmere at prenton park .
dyer celebrates scoring the opening goal that set his side on the way to victory ten minutes before half time .
tranmere 's danny holmes -lrb- right -rrb- is closed down quickly by swansea defender ashley richards .
tranmere : williams ; donacien , holness , thompson kirby 56 -rrb- , ihiekwe , holmes , power , jennings , laird -lrb- rowe 72 -rrb- , fenelon -lrb- bell-baggie 72 -rrb- , stockton .
subs not used : ridehalgh , shuker , brezovan , madjo .
booked : holmes , power .
goals : power 70 , stockton 83 .
swansea : tremmel , richards , bartley , amat , tiendalli , fulton -lrb- king 71 -rrb- , carroll , barrow , emnes , dyer -lrb- routledge 78 -rrb- , gomis .
subs not used : fabianski , britton , sigurdsson , shephard , fernandez .
booked : fulton , barrow , bartley , tiendalli .
goals : dyer 34 , carroll 49 , barrow 58 , gomis 77,90 , routledge 85 .
referee : paul tierney .
attendance : 10,007 .
england under-21 international tom carroll , on loan from spurs , extended the lead early in the second half with his first goal for the club and then mo barrow made it 3-0 from gomis ' cross early in the second half .
after that it was party time with both defences going awol and swans goallkeeper gerhard tremmel suffering