amir khan looks like he could be on track for victory as he put in the hard yards in las vegas ahead of saturday night 's fight against devon alexander .
the 28-year-old trained with his brother haroon by his side as the bolton-born boxer prepares for the wbc silver welterweight title showdown at the mgm grand .
taking to the track and put through some grueling sprints and running , khan was pictured speaking with trainer virgil hunter before brother haroon was on hand to aid his sibling with a bottle of water .
amir khan has been put through his paces ahead of his welterweight showdown with devon alexander .
khan took the running track ahead of his wbc silver welterweight title showdown on saturday night .
khan takes a well-deserved breather during the grueling training session on wednesday .
khan listens to trainer virgil hunter during his training session on the running track .
khan was pictured deep in discussion with his trainer ahead of saturday 's important showdown .
khan is aided by his brother haroon shortly after completing a training session on the track in las vegas .
khan is confident of beating alexander and hopes to take on unbeaten floyd mayweather next year .
it did not look as if he had any birthday cake when he celebrated turning 28 on tuesday , such is the shape he is in .
khan also trained in the ring at the roy jones jnr gym and appeared in good spirits .
with the winner of this week 's fight possibly taking on floyd mayweather next year , khan declared he is the future of boxing and hopes he is given the chance to take on the unbeaten five-weight world champion .
` i 'm focused on alexander , ' said khan .
` but after i beat him i hope the people will say that i deserve to fight floyd and will demand that he meets me .
' ` i have the fastest hands in the ring .
i have some of the best skills in boxing .
' i deserve to be regarded as among the elite fighters in the world , to be talked about in the same breath as mayweather and pacquiao .
i believe i am the future of boxing .
' khan also trained in the ring at the roy