today , the president will commemorate the hundreds of people brutally attacked on a bridge in selma 50 years ago during a peaceful protest for racial equality .
but just this week , a billboard was erected within sight of the historic location in memory of a ku klux klan founder nathan bedford forrest .
it has prompted outrage in the alabama city as many claim it demonstrates underlying racial tensions that linger half a century after the march .
the sign , bearing a portrait of forrest on horseback and a confederate flag , stands at the foot of edmund pettus bridge - which is named after a former kkk grand wizard .
scroll down for video .
` despicable !
' : people have hit out at this poster erected this week by edmund pettus bridge in selma , alabama , where hundreds were attacked on bloody sunday in 1965 .
it features kkk founder nathan forrest .
the sign -lrb- pictured , with a local resident -rrb- was put up by friends of forrest , which is run by ` wizardess ' pat goodwin who refers to the selma march as ` the mother of all orgies ' and will not take the sign down .
brutal : forrest ran a cotton farm , trafficked slaves in tennessee via his own slave-trading business -lrb- advert pictured , right -rrb- , and killed hundreds of blacks during the civil war while letting whites surrender and survive .
on the reverse , it reads : ` selmapostherald.com welcomes president barack obama and you to selma .
' beneath his image , forrest 's rallying cry urging men to frighten their enemies is printed : ` keep the skeer -lsb- scare -rsb- on 'em !
' forrest was the first grand wizard of the kkk soon after the anti-black group formed in tennessee in 1866 .
according to andrew ward , author of the civil war account river run red , forrest was part of an off-shoot of the clan that opted for violence when they found black people would not voluntarily return to a state of slavery .
` in the spring of 1867 , ' ward writes , ` forrest and his dragoons launched a campaign of midnight parades ; `` ghost '' masquerades ; and `` whipping '' and even `` killing negro voters and white republicans