by .
emma innes .
published : .
07:38 est , 27 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:40 est , 27 september 2013 .
a father with a rare condition which left him in agonising pain at the slightest touch has kissed his wife for the first time in four years - after having a piece of his skull removed .
mark steadman , 38 , was unable to go outside or wash his face after being diagnosed with trigeminal neuralgia -lrb- tn -rrb- in 2009 .
the condition - which affects 12 out of every 100,000 people in the uk each year - leaves sufferers with pain in their face which is so bad more than a quarter commit suicide .
mark steadman , 38 , is able to kiss his wife , louise , and children for the first time in four years after having surgery to cure his agonising face and teeth pains .
it is caused by pressure on the trigeminal nerve - the largest nerve inside the skull .
the father-of-three was left in such agony even the slightest kiss or breath of wind on his skin felt like he had been ` hit by lightning ' .
he was forced to take a cocktail of powerful painkillers , including morphine , which left him in a zombie-like state .
but he has now been able to kiss his wife louise , 35 , for the first time since 2009 after he had a 10p sized piece of his skull removed .
during the six-hour operation at birmingham 's queen elizabeth hospital on september 3 , surgeons removed a piece of his skull in order to gain access to the nerve which they then wrapped in teflon .
the treatment is expected to mean mr steadman , a probation service officer , remains pain-free for the next decade when he will have to undergo another operation .
mr steadman -lrb- pictured with his wife and son , leon , four -rrb- had trigeminal neuralgia - a condition caused by pressure being put on the largest nerve in the skull .
it caused him to suffer bouts of extreme pain up to 250 times a day .
the pain could be triggered by the slightest touch - including a kiss from his wife .
mr steadman , of kidderminster , worcestershire , said