by .
sara malm .
published : .
15:59 est , 19 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:39 est , 20 february 2013 .
a british woman is fighting to save a south american rainforest from an oil company after marrying the leader of the local tribe .
mari muench , a mother-of-one from south london , met patricio jipa , a kichwa tribe shaman , during a trip to ecuador in 2008 where he wooed her with a poisonous frog .
the couple immediately felt they were ` destined ' to be together and settled down in his ancestral home where they now run an eco-tourism lodge .
but the rainforest is under threat from .
petroamazonas , ecuador 's state-owned oil company , which recently offered .
# 400,000 for access to the 170 acres of land .
forest fighter : londoner mari muench and her ecuadorian husband patricio jipa , a kichwa tribe shaman , are fighting to save their tribe 's rainforest from oil company .
ms muench and her husband are two of 400 members of the kichwa tribe living on the banks of ecuador 's napo river , where the 49-year-old and .
her husband married in 2010 .
ms muench , who used to run a go-kart .
circuit in greenwich , has 18-month-old daughter samai by patricio and .
wore a dress made out of tree bark for her wedding .
despite their ecotourism project .
currently relying on ms muench 's life-savings , the pair are heading a .
campaign to save mr jipa 's ancestral territory , travelling by canoe from home to home to try and convince the members of their community to turn down the offer .
in exchange for access to the land , petroamazonas has .
promised the community a new school , grant funding .
for their children to go to university , healthcare , jobs and lump sums of cash , a lucrative deal for the struggling tribe .
save the forest : the community runs an eco-tourism lodge in the rainforest , but as it currently fails to make a profit the tribe may not have a choice but to sell to the oil company .
under threat : petroamazonas , an oil company owned by the ecuadorian state , have offered # 400,000 for the access to the picturesque