by .
suzannah hills .
published : .
11:38 est , 23 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:31 est , 23 march 2013 .
victim : former mcdonald 's employee louise ogborn was made to strip naked and perform star jumps in front of her boss on the orders of a hoaxer pretending to be a police officer on the phone .
the surreal true story of a mcdonald 's employee stripped naked by her boss who had fallen victim to an elaborate hoax is the subject of a new film .
mcdonald 's staff member louise ogborn , 18 , had been working at the mount washington branch in kentucky , america , for four months when she was falsely accused of stealing a customer 's purse in 2004 .
her boss , assistant manager donna summers had received a phone call from a man pretending to be a police officer and , on his instruction , subjected her employee to a three-hour ordeal where she was stripped naked , abused and humiliated .
it was only when another employee demanded mcdonald 's head-office be contacted that staff realised they had been duped by a phone hoaxer who is believed to have targeted managers of more than 70 fast food outlets across america .
the bizarre episode is the basis for new movie compliance , starring dreama walker , which opened yesterday .
it all started when summers received a phone call from a man claiming to be a police officer who told her that ms ogborn was a ` thief ' who needed to be held until officers arrived at the scene .
on the officer 's instructions , summers called ms ogborn into the office , took her car keys and phone and locked the door .
the fake police officer then told summers she must make the teenager strip naked and put her clothes in a bag to preserve evidence .
incredibly , the assistant manager did as she was told , believing the caller to be a genuine policeman .
scroll down for video .
convicted : donna summers , left , was sacked by mcdonald 's and given a year 's probation while her former fiance walter nix , right , was jailed fro five years for sexually abusing ms ogborn .
cctv footage : louise ogborn , then 18 ,