rafael nadal is counting on antibiotics to control his appendicitis so he can get through the shanghai masters this week .
world no 2 nadal began feeling pain in his abdomen late on saturday , and the next day went to the hospital where the doctors confirmed he had the early stages of appendicitis .
nadal said on tuesday he chose to try treatment with antibiotics rather than undergo surgery right away .
he felt well enough to begin hitting again , he said .
rafael nadal takes part in a training session as he prepares for his shanghai masters campaign .
world no 2 nadal speaks to the media during a press conference in shanghai on tuesday .
the 14-time major winner said the risk of his condition getting worse after three days of steady improvement ` is always very , very low .
' ' i am not going to go for surgery .
that 's great news for me today .
that 's why i 'm here practicing for 45 minutes , and trying to play tomorrow .
but obviously i am not in my best condition , ' he said .
nadal said he will talk with his doctors when he returns to spain after the tournament about whether he will need to have the appendix removed .
` my idea is take it out , but you can imagine that i did n't -lrb- think -rrb- much about that yet .
i am here in shanghai .
i just want to try .
then when i go back home , i will talk about the situation with my doctor , ' he said .
nadal is suffering from appendicitis but will still play in the atp masters 1000 event in shanghai this week .
nadal kicks a tennis ball during tuesday 's training session as the gathered fans in shanghai watch on .
the spaniard is playing just his second tournament since returning from a two-month layoff due to a wrist injury .
after missing the summer hard-court season , including the defense of his title at the u.s. open , nadal said it was important to get back on the court as soon as possible so he 's back in top form before the australian open in january .
he reached the china open quarter-finals last week .
' i do n't expect anything