by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
08:39 est , 17 july 2012 .
| .
updated : .
09:38 est , 17 july 2012 .
the world 's largest airline food caterer , which employs thousands of people in britain , is today at the centre of an fbi investigation into how needles found their way into turkey sandwiches on four international flights .
gate gourmet , which provides meals for more than 20 airlines including all long-haul british airways flights from heathrow , distributed the sandwiches that contained what appeared to be small sewing needles .
the needles were discovered in six sandwiches on four u.s.-bound delta air lines planes that departed amsterdam 's t on sunday .
one passenger on a flight to minneapolis was injured , but refused medical attention , a delta spokesman said .
the other needles were on two flights to atlanta and one to seattle .
scroll down for video .
lurking in the turkey : catering firm gate gourmet , which provides meals for 14 airlines including all long-haul british airways flights from heathrow , distributed six sandwiches that contained small sewing needles .
they were found aboard six u.s.-bound flights out of amsterdam 's schiphol airport on sunday .
gate gourmet prepares over 200million meals a year from its 130 flight kitchens in 35 countries around the world .
it services more than 20 airlines .
including delta air lines , british airways , american airlines , united .
airlines , qantas airways , air france , emirates airline , amtrak and .
easyjet .
the firm employs more than 22,000 people worldwide .
in the uk , british airways is gate gourmet 's largest customer .
in 2005 , the caterer sacked 670 staff - mainly asian women - from its airline meals service in a dispute over restructuring at heathrow .
it lost # 25million at its operation at the airport the year before , and maintained that changes in working practices were needed .
in august of that year , a two-day wildcat action by british airways ground staff at heathrow stopped all the airline 's flights leaving the airport .
the strike , in support of the gate gourmet workers , stranded more than 100,000 passengers and cost the airline an estimated # 40million -lrb- $ 72million -rrb- .
it also left ba unable