by .
leslie larson .
a group of montana parents are saying that the sound of the angelic voices of children singing christmas carols is not a joyful noise .
they have accused the chief charlo elementary school in missoula , montana of creating an environment that allows bullying by including yuletide tunes that reference jesus christ at a school holiday concert .
the protesting parents say their children are ` forced to be reformed to what is seen as the majority ' by singing the holiday melodies and claimed their children would be ` singled out ' and ` targeted ' if they did not join in with the caroling .
caroling caroling now we go : parents at a school in montana have complained at the inclusion of religious songs at a christmas school concert -lrb- pictured the trinity church choir in november -rrb- .
for the concert on december 12 , students from kindergarten to the third grade sang , ` joy to the world , ' ` up on a house top , ' ` jolly old st. nicholas , ' ' o christmas tree , ' ' o come little children , ' ` deck the halls , ' a polish lullaby , a hanukkah song , a pinata song , a nutcracker rhythm piece and ` we wish you a merry christmas ' for the finale .
students in the fourth and fifth grade had a separate concert where they sang , ` season of bells , ' ` dreidel spins , ' ` good christian men rejoice , ' ` merry merry , ' ` jolly old st. nicholas ' and ` go in peace , ' for the concluding song .
an anonymous letter was sent to the school superintendent last week , expressing outrage at the repertoire of holiday tunes .
` we pay the taxes for this school .
it is a public school .
i have no problem with children having personal religious practices at school but to choose one religion and make it part of the curriculum is wrong , ' the author , who only identified themselves as representing ` chief charlo concerned parents , ' wrote .
target : some parents at the chief charlo elementary school in missoula , montana have said singing carols at school can give way to bullying since students will feel