dark sunglasses were the order of the day for australia 's triumphant cricket team on monday as they paraded the world cup trophy to hundreds of fans at a public reception after a night of heavy partying at the melbourne cricket ground .
with voices hoarse and complexions pasty after a few snatched hours of sleep , players grinned and sometimes grimaced as their team mates battled to communicate their elation to a relentless mc and a large media throng .
' a little hungover , ' australia 's retiring one-day captain michael clarke said at melbourne 's federation square , when asked how he felt a day after his team 's crushing seven-wicket win over new zealand in the final .
australia captain michael clarke holds aloft the cricket world cup trophy alongside his team-mates as thousands of jubilant fans thronged federation square in melbourne to celebrate sunday 's triumph over new zealand .
clarke made his final one-day international appearance at the mcg on sunday , leading australia to a seven wicket win over new zealand .
under cloudless skies in melbourne , clarke and australia marked a fifth world cup triumph after successes in 1987 , 1999 , 2003 and 2007 .
green and gold confetti showered the players as they showed off the trophy in federation square .
' i think i speak for everybody in that sense .
` no , look , i think we 're extremely proud .
the fact there was a lot of expectation and added pressure put on us at the start of the tournament being a home world cup was something we embraced from the first ball of the tournament .
` and i think the boys should be really proud of what we 've achieved .
' clarke enjoyed a fairytale finish to his one-day career , hitting a team-high score of 74 in front of a record crowd of over 93,000 and making bowling changes that led to immediate wickets .
australia have yet to name a successor but steve smith , who led the test team against india and enjoyed a fine world cup with the bat , is expected to take the reins .
' -lrb- clarke -rrb- was a great captain .
he 's been an aggressive captain on the field , sets aggressive fields .
he 's got to be somebody that we