an extraordinary image has emerged of what appears to be a cloud formation that draws uncanny similarities to an aussie digger wearing a slouch hat .
the photo was taken by brad allan in cape york , far north queensland , as he was heading out fishing at the break of dawn when something caught his eye .
mr allan , from the archer river roadhouse , says the image is quite fitting considering the upcoming centenary of anzac day .
the 50-year-old describes it as ` the sunrise digger who 's been watching over us for 100 years ' .
an extraordinary image has emerged of what appears to be a cloud formation that draws uncanny similarities to an aussie digger in a slouch hat .
it was easter monday morning when mr allan decided to take the boat out to weipa , a town in cape york which is north west of cairns , when he captured the amazing image .
' i was going out fishing at about 5.45 am in the morning with my wife and some mates when i looked out at the horizon , ' he said .
' i saw the remnants of a storm cloud which oddly looked like a soldier in a slouch hat .
' i quickly took out my phone and grabbed a few shots of the clouds before it changed in the space of five minutes .
i guess i was at the right place at the right time .
' the image was taken about two weeks before the 100th anniversary of the landing on gallipoli .
` for those with a bit of an imagination , if you look closely at the clouds you can almost see facial features like a nose and moustache .
it 's quite eerie but i think it 's also quite fitting considering it 's the centenary of gallipoli , ' mr allan said .
` it 's almost like the sunrise digger who 's been watching over us for 100 years .
' an australian soldier stand during a ceremony for anzac day last year .
this comes as travellers heading to anzac day events overseas have been urged to heed safety warnings and get insurance .
foreign minister julie bishop said more than 15,000 australians planned to attend overseas events commemorating the centenary of anzac day , with services