by .
anthony bond and arthur martin .
published : .
08:26 est , 6 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
18:53 est , 6 november 2012 .
this is the moment six robbers on motorbikes horrified shoppers during a high-speed smash-and-grab .
dressed in black and wearing crash helmets , the robbers raced through a shopping centre on three powerful motorbikes just after opening time yesterday .
the three who were riding pillion leapt off and used axes and bats to smash windows of a jewellery store .
dramatic : this is the moment robbers on motorcycles raided a shopping centre jeweller 's shop armed with axes today .
raid : the gang reportedly stole hundreds of thousands of pounds of jewellery .
this image shows the smashed window at the front of fraser hart .
witnesses said the men sped into an upper area of the shopping centre and headed for the fraser hart jewellery store , at brent cross shopping centre in north london .
they are believed to have taken cartier and rolex watches as well as other items of jewellery before speeding off .
witnesses described how shoppers began to panic as the robbery took place , with many people running for the exits .
some shops would not let customers leave while the incident was underway .
michelle webber , 36 , was at the .
shopping centre when the robbery took place .
she entered at the same .
entrance which the gang are believed to have used , close to john lewis .
and new look .
she said as she entered - about 10 minutes before the robbery took place - she heard a man behind her say : ` let the fun begin ' .
shortly afterwards she described how a wave of panic gripped the shopping centre .
' a man came running towards us shouting ` everybody out ' .
` my first thought was that there was a .
bomb and i just started thinking about my children and my family , my .
stomach turned .
people started running out of the stores in a panic .
` there was a surge of people coming towards us .
they were all running at the same time away from what was happening .
` all of a sudden the shutters started .
coming down in