britain is set for a soaking over the next five days caused by a massive weather system which stretches across the entire width of the atlantic .
after a huge band of rain sweeps across the country today , intense showers and storms will move in tomorrow followed by heavy downpours over the weekend .
the wet - but unseasonably warm - weather is being caused by a massive low pressure which is sitting to the west of britain , causing hurricanes in the us and unsettled conditions in the uk .
scroll down for video .
a huge weather system covering the entire width of the atlantic is set to hit britain with repeated bands of rain over the next five days .
the massive low pressure system which is bearing down on the uk is causing havoc on both sides of the atlantic , with hurricanes barrelling into the caribbean and southern us .
images from the us national oceanic and atmospheric administration -lrb- noaa -rrb- show the size of the huge storm .
weather maps from the us have led even american forecasters to warn that britain is in for a series of storms .
the environment agency currently has flood warnings in place in essex and parts of east anglia and is warning parts of the south east and midlands to be on alert .
after heavy rain across the whole country today , showers will hit the south west and wales tomorrow , with thunder storms predicted in some areas .
met office forecast maps predict showers will dump up to 16mm of rain an hour on parts of the south west late this evening , before another band of downpours of similar intensity moves into wales and along the south coast tomorrow .
there will then be a brief let-up on friday morning , before more rain sweeps in from the west overnight and into saturday morning .
around 65mm of rain is expected to fall on parts of cornwall over the next five days - with more than 60mm predicted in cumbria and south wales .
but while heavy rain will hit most areas over the next few days , the storm will also send temperatures soaring to around 20c at the weekend - well above average for this time of year .
a forecaster for meteogroup said : ` today , a