two men from mexico face capital murder and other charges after an off-duty border patrol agent was fatally shot and his father wounded during a south texas fishing trip .
willacy county sheriff larry spence says investigators believe the suspects tried to rob agent javier vega jr. of kingsville and his family .
hospital officials did n't immediately return a message tuesday on the condition of javier vega sr. of la feria .
victim : this undated photo provided by the u.s. customs and border protection provided on tuesday , shows agent javier vega jr. who was shot and killed .
the vegas were shot sunday night while fishing near santa monica with relatives .
the suspects were captured in nearby sebastian .
authorities have not confirmed their identities .
homeland security secretary jeh johnson in a statement tuesday said the younger vega was a veteran of the marine corps and served the border patrol for six years .
he was also a married father of three .
vega jr. was able to return fire , which left the suspect 's vehicle disabled a few miles away .
family : willacy county sheriff larry spence says investigators believe the suspects tried to rob agent javier vega jr. , left , of kingsville and his father javier vega sr. , pictured center .
the men then walked to a small house and asked for water ; a man in the area alerted police .
spence said the robbery was n't the first of its kind int he area .
` that 's typical of some of these crimes that have been happening in the area , ' spence said .
` there are several instances where people have been robbed while fishing .
they pulled up and try to rob them , take their money , jewelry and usually vehicle .
' vega 's sister - in-law natalie gardere vega mourned the loss of the young man on facebook .
' i will never understand why we have such heartless people in this world !
an amazing man was taking -lrb- sic -rrb- from his family way to soon !
please keep my family in y' all 's prayers !
especially his 3 boys and wife !
` and my father in law who is still in the hospital !
we love you and will forever miss you javier vega jr.