yorkshire have announced australian batsmen aaron finch and glenn maxwell as their overseas signings for the coming season .
finch returns for a second season at headingley and will be available in all formats from the end of his indian premier league commitments , while maxwell will feature in the natwest t20 blast .
finch made an lv = county championship century against warwickshire last summer and averaged 48.50 as the tykes won the four-day competition .
australia batsman aaron finch has signed for a second season at yorkshire , playing in all formats .
glenn maxwell , seen here playing for australia against england , will also play for yorkshire in 2015 .
he also made two twenty20 half-centuries , including a blistering 89 against nottinghamshire , though his most memorable contributions in that format were the two boundary catches he took with spectacular assists from adam lyth .
` it is great to be heading back to yorkshire , ' said finch .
' i enjoyed my time with the club last year and made some lifelong friendships .
` this year the club will be aiming to win the title again and there is a major emphasis on doing well in the t20 competition .
having maxi playing alongside me will be terrific .
he is a true competitor and loves the shorter form of the game .
' maxwell poses with the t20 international player of the year award at the allan border medal ceremony .
finch and amy griffiths on the red carpet at the 2015 allan border medal in sydney .
maxwell was joined by his partner sonja steffen pictured at the allan border medal ceremony .
maxwell , australia 's newly-crowned twenty20 player of the year , has previously represented hampshire and surrey in english cricket .
he said : ` i 'm pumped and ca n't wait to play for yorkshire in the t20 blast competition .
` yorkshire are one of biggest clubs in the world and to get the chance to play for them is an honour .
i had two great spells with hampshire and loved every minute .
heading to yorkshire gives me a new challenge that i will relish .
' first team coach jason gillespie added : ` we 're absolutely thrilled to bits to be able to secure the services of two very exciting players