as they stood on the field after their historic fourth super bowl win , two new england patriots stars shouted excitedly : ` we 're going to disneyland !
' and on monday , wide receiver julian edelman and cornerback malcolm butler were pictured celebrating the team 's victory at disneyland in california .
edelman and butler - whose last-second interception helped the patriots clinch the title - performed a special lap of honor at the anaheim-based resort .
at the same time , the seattle seahawks , led by their head coach peter carroll , were spotted returning home dejected via plane and then coach .
on sunday night , around 115 million viewers watched the patriots fight their way to a 28-24 victory at the university of phoenix stadium in arizona .
scroll down for video .
lap of honor : on monday , new england patriots wide receiver julian edelman -lrb- right -rrb- and cornerback malcolm butler were pictured celebrating the team 's victory at disneyland in california .
on sunday , they had shouted , ` we 're going to disneyland !
' after their win .
parade : edelman and butler - whose last-second interception helped the patriots clinch the title - performed a lap of honor at the resort .
disney host : the pair , who were stood on the back of a vintage disneyland vehicle , were joined by mickey mouse at the special parade .
celebration : the trio waved at screaming crowds lining the park 's main street as they stood on the back of the car amid colorful streamers .
contrast : at the same time , the seattle seahawks , led by coach peter carroll , were spotted returning home dejected via plane and coaches .
above , edelman and butler pose with mickey mouse -lrb- left -rrb- , while richard sherman -lrb- right , center -rrb- departs a plane with his teammates .
returning home : on sunday night , around 115 million viewers watched the patriots fight their way to a 28-24 victory at the university of phoenix stadium in arizona .
above , seahawks players are pictured departing a plane at seattle-tacoma international airport on monday .
greeting : the seahawks ' doug baldwin -lrb- center -rrb- is greeted by delta flight attendant kim pratt as christi turner -lrb- right -rrb- holds a team flag