children of illegal immigrants would be banned from schools under plans drawn up for ministers to curb the impact of ` education tourists ' .
the idea was put forward by officials told to find ways to limit migrants ' access to benefits , housing , and the nhs but has been blocked by ministers .
but david cameron 's pledge to end the global perception of britain being a ` soft touch ' have been slammed as ` unfortunate ' by swedish prime minister fredrik reinfeldt .
scroll down for video .
immigration minister mark harper -lrb- left -rrb- and .
education minister david laws sit on the inter-ministerial group looking .
at ways to limit migrants ' access to benefits and public services .
mr cameron used a major speech on immigration this week to say the government would make it harder for new arrivals to britain to claim out-of-work benefits , jump the queue for social housing or get free treatment on the nhs .
but it has emerged officials have begun examining how to limit access to free education for children who are in the country illegally .
it is estimated that there could be 120,000 children in the uk without legal immigration status .
one plan would require headteachers to check the immigration status of pupils before admitting them to lessons .
the idea has been put forward in a series of emails sent by officials advising the inter-ministerial group on migrants ' access to benefits and public services , the guardian reported .
the group includes schools minister david laws and immigration minister mark harper .
a proposal to ban illegal immigrant children from schools was suggested , but there are warnings it could contravene the un convention on the rights of the child .
mr laws is said to consider the idea a ` red line ' .
david cameron this week used a speech to promise to tackle britain 's reputation as being a ` soft touch ' on immigration .
one email sent by a civil servant on .
monday said : ` barring children , whatever their migrant status , from .
compulsory education has pretty much been ruled out by ministers and at .
the moment is off the table for cross-government discussions .
` the .
question now is whether , if not to enforce a ban ,