by .
roger baird .
published : .
17:50 est , 5 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:55 est , 5 august 2013 .
running an investment portfolio is a far cry from selling papers on the street to sympathetic passers-by .
but the big issue , the magazine that supports the homeless , has drawn up plans to branch out into fund management .
big issue invest , the magazine 's finance arm , intends to raise some # 250m over the next five years and to invest the cash in projects with a social conscience around the uk .
it hopes to attract backing from city institutions , foundations and rich individuals to fund fledging community businesses .
a woman selling copies of the big issue , which was founded in 1991 to help the homeless find a place to live and work .
the big issue has already dipped a toe into the water , raising # 20m for investment in new businesses back in 2005 .
it was an early stage investor in jamie oliver 's fifteen restaurant project , that offered training and jobs to disadvantaged young people .
but its latest plans will put it into a much bigger investment league .
` since the financial crisis , people are looking at new ways to raise cash and support companies .
we are interested in funding firms in poorer areas or employing people who find it hard to get work .
` we want to extend the boundaries of what is a traditional investment .
these will be sustainable projects , which will offer worthwhile returns , ' said nigel kershaw , chairman of big issue invest .
` this is a step change .
' mr kershaw is looking for a chief executive with city experience to lead the fund raising effort .
he said : ` we want someone who has spent a lot of time in the city and feels it is time to put something back .
we want them to use their experience and know-how to raise investment .
' the new chief executive will lead the magazine group 's fund raising , which it hopes will get off the ground by the end of the year .
big issue invest chairman nigel kershaw , pictured with a copy of the magazine , is looking for