by .
emily kent smith .
a couple has been handed a # 900 bill from virgin media for pornography over a five-year period - despite the fact that they insist they have never ordered any .
ann , 72 , and ron hayward , 75 , who live in a one-bedroom bedsit in stockport , cheshire , now have no internet or television because the provider have accused the couple of ` abusing ' services .
the great-grandparents first received a bill for almost # 200 in 2009 , and another # 200 last week .
they were also sent another letter ordering them to pay more than # 500 for blue films .
scroll down for video .
annie and ron hayward are pictured with their # 900 bill from virgin media , racked up over five years for films they say they have not watched .
adult channels paid for through virgin media cost # 5.99 for a 16 hour period .
users can also buy a monthly subscription package to channels such as playboy tv for a monthly fee of # 11 .
for the price of the bill , the couple could have watched 150 16-hour stints through different channels or a total of 2,404 hours of pornography - the equivalent of 100 days .
but the pensioners , who live in a quiet housing block for elderly residents , were adamant they had never ordered , let alone watched , the pornographic films .
the company then agreed to waive the bills and said they would remove the ` on demand ' feature .
it was not until they upgraded their service to virgin 's latest ` tivo ' box last month that they reluctantly agreed to reactivate their on demand services , and problems resurfaced .
mrs hayward said : ` because of what happened before , we were reluctant to have the on demand services switched back on - even though we were paying the full cost for them the entire time ' the tivo box allows viewers to record up to 500 hours of television .
mrs hayward , 72 , said : ` because of what happened before , we were reluctant to have the on demand services switched back on - even though we were paying the full cost for them the entire time .
` the lady i