by .
martin robinson .
and mark duell .
irish daily star editor michael o'kane has resigned in the wake of his decision to publish topless photos of kate .
ireland is set to introduce new privacy laws after the kate middleton topless photos scandal - as a newspaper editor who published the pictures was tonight suspended from his post .
irish daily star editor michael o'kane .
was put on leave while an investigation is carried out into why the .
paper published the photos .
it came as alan shatter , the irish minister for justice , equality and defence , decided to revive abandoned legislation amid the continued fallout from the holiday images of the royals .
his comments that some of the country 's print media place no value on a right to privacy come amid reports the irish daily star could be shut down after its decision to publish the photos .
` it is clear that some sections of the print media are either unable or unwilling in their reportage to distinguish between prurient interest and the public interest , ' mr shatter said .
the government will reopen privacy legislation first proposed several years ago .
mr shatter said some print media place ` perceived financial gain ' ahead of ` any principled freedom of expression ' .
more than 100 jobs would go in dublin if the irish daily star shut .
its co-owner richard desmond reacted furiously to the decision to print the photos that have caused anger in britain .
mr desmond , whose northern & shell group also owns the daily express and daily star in the uk , .
has said he will take ` immediate steps ' to close the paper because .
it splashed 13 pictures of the nude royal across its pages .
the decision to print was made by the irish daily star 's editor .
michael o'kane , who did not inform mr desmond that they would use the images taken with a long lens in provence earlier this month .
' i am very angry at the decision to publish these photographs and am .
taking immediate steps to close down the joint venture , ' mr desmond .
said .
scroll down for video .
controversial : the front page of the irish daily star printed the pictures , which put