by .
ian parker , press association .
tony fernandes has finally brought the curtain down on his troubled ownership of formula one marque caterham .
after four-and-a-half years on the f1 grid without a point to their name , and after spending more than # 250million on the organisation , fernandes has sold caterham to a consortium of swiss and middle eastern investors .
under the terms of the sale , the team will continue to race as caterham f1 team and will remain at their current base in leafield for the foreseeable future .
video scroll down to watch tony fernandes celebrating qpr 's play-off final victory !
out : tony fernandes has sold his caterham f1 team to a consortium of swiss and middle eastern investors .
full of hope : tony fernandes watches a practice session at the sepang f1 circuit in 2010 .
struggling : caterham driver kamui kobayashi of japan in action in austria last week .
the team is to be advised by colin kolles , who has previously been involved in f1 with midland , spyker , force india , and most recently was team principal of hrt prior to their closure after three years .
the 46-year-old romanian has been linked with forza rossa , a team from his home country that was recently granted an entry to take their place on the grid in 2015 or 2016 .
former dutch f1 driver christijan albers , assisted by a colleague of kolles from their time together at hrt in manfredi ravetto , are to take over the day-to-day running of the team .
albers drove for minardi , midland and spyker over three seasons from 2005-07 , the latter two working with kolles , before switching to sportscar racing .
cyril abiteboul , who had been working as team principal , has left the team to ` pursue new challenges ' , according to a caterham statement .
the new management face an uphill struggle given caterham are rooted to the foot of the constructors ' championship and far off the pace of even their closest rivals marussia .
businessman : tony fernandes also owns qpr football club and budget airline airasia .
speaking .
about the takeover , albers said : ` we are aware of the huge challenge .
ahead of us given the fight at the bottom end