by .
daniel miller .
published : .
07:31 est , 8 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:19 est , 8 november 2013 .
the father of the 12-year-old sparks middle school shooter was found guilty of child abuse after admitting hitting his son and giving him a black eye in 2012 , it has emerged .
seventh grader jose reyes walked into the nevada school on the morning of october 21 and opened fire with a 9-millimeter ruger semiautomatic pistol before the first bell had rung .
teacher michael landsberry was shot dead and two male students were innjured before reyes turned the gun on himself .
scroll down for video .
row : jose reyes , the father of 12-year-old sparks middle school shooter .
also named jose reyes , had been arrested for hitting his son and leaving .
with a black eye in 2012 it has emerged .
account : the police record from the incident telld how mr reyes hit his .
son several time across the face leaving him with a black eye .
the boy 's father .
jose horacio reyes , 32 , pleaded guilty to misdemeanor child abuse .
charges , after admitting hitting his son in january 2012 .
police records tell how the pair had .
argued after returning home from buying video games .
the youngster was .
apparently having trouble counting the money to pay for the games and .
his father had tried to teach him .
there .
had apparently been a disagreement after which reyes , referred to as .
reyes-mandujano in the record , said to his son : ` you do n't have to be a .
crybaby .
' he told .
the police that his son then became upset and hit him at which point he .
lost control and smacked the boy two or three times across the face with .
an open hand and then a back hand .
the record states : ` the strikes to reyes face resulted in a black eye .
' the following day the father reported the incident to school officials and was arrested on felony child abuse charges .
he .
later pleaded guilty in sparks justice court to a misdemeanor charge of .
child abuse , neglect or endangerment and was ordered to pay a $ 500