a romanian man has been arrested after sneaking aboard a wizz air flight to spain to visit his girlfriend .
claudiu-gabriel costin 's plan was foiled after security spotted the light from his phone flashing as he took selfies inside the cockpit .
the 30 year-old man arrived at cluj international airport in north-western romania , crept past security , got onto the runway and clambered into a stationary plane that was due to travel to spain .
claudiu-gabriel costin climbed on board a wizz air flight in romania in the hope he would get to spain .
30 year old wanted to visit his girlfriend but the flashing light from his phone gave him away as he took snaps .
he uploaded the pictures onto facebook for his girlfriend to see with a song called ` i 'd like to get to you ' under the cover of darkness no one immediately saw the stowaway as he boarded the plane .
the incident is especially embarrassing for airport officials given that they were on heightened security alert after a dangerous criminal had escaped from a local prison .
according to romanian times , costin had n't been able to book a ticket , so decided to take matters into his own hands .
he said : ' i wanted to visit my girlfriend who lives in london but when i tried to book a ticket , they had all sold out .
' i have n't seen her for weeks now and i miss her very much so i decided that no matter what , i would go and see her .
' however costin , who is listed on his facebook page as a life coach , grew bored of waiting for the flight to take off so started taking photographs .
after entering the pilot 's cockpit he took snaps of himself , the controls and the wizz air flight log book before posting them on facebook where his girlfriend aline haskil , 27 , would see them .
he also posted a song by romanian pop-rock band bere gratis called ` i 'd like to get to you ' .
although claiming he wanted to visit his girlfriend in london , costin had boarded a flight that was bound for spain .
an airport spokesperson said : ` it was an evening flight and he was