by .
larisa brown .
published : .
05:17 est , 7 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
09:52 est , 7 october 2012 .
x factor has been criticised for its ` shameless ' product placement on the first live show of the series .
the show 's contestants were filmed repeatedly plugging samsung products during their video diaries , including using the galaxy phones to talk to their celebrity mentors .
the five-star luxury hotel where they are staying at in london was also featured countless times , leading to a flood of anger on social networking site twitter .
scroll down for video .
` shameless ' : supermarket worker jahmene douglas is pictured using his samsung phone in the corinthia hotel to speak to his mentor nicole in la .
front of the luxury hotel near 10 downing street where the finalists are living during the live shows .
the branding of the hotel was shown repeatedly during last night 's show .
in case you missed it !
at a couple of points during the show the camera zooms into the name of the hotel .
samsung electronics is the first company the long-running reality tv series has had a paid-for product placement agreement with , following changes made by ofcom last year .
and last night the show certainly did n't hold back in showing finalists using the latest samsung products .
viewers took to twitter to express their views about the show 's repeated product placement , as during the contestant 's video diaries they were captured plugging the newest models .
one viewer wrote : ` that was a fun hour of x-factor amidst two hours of ads and product placement .
' ryan said : ' i just saw the product placement logo on the x factor and now i do n't know who to trust in this world anymore ' , in reference to a logo that ofcom says must be shown to let viewers know that the programme-maker has been paid to include products in that programme .
alex moran wrote : ` just seen the samsung product placement on the x factor .
shameless company ' .
followed by scott dalton who wrote : ` given how many times we 've now seen it , i 'm guessing the corinthia hotel has paid for its `