by .
naomi greenaway .
these captivating images of a breathtaking seaside villa may look like they 're computer generated , but they are pure unadulterated architectural reality .
nestled in cape town 's cliff-side , the work of architectural art by south african design duo greg truen and stefan antoni of saota has a ` seamless flow ' between the natural beauty outside and the stunning modern interior .
with its jaw-dropping architecture , .
including a triple volume gallery in the main living area , uninterrupted .
sea and mountain views and utterly lust-worthy interiors , it 's no .
wonder the property has caught the attention of interior fans around the .
globe , including mailonline 's property blogger celia sawyer .
the incredible villa has a split-level living area , a three-story high gallery and 270 degree views of the atlantic ocean and beyond .
` many of my clients own superb beach houses or water-front apartments , but this residential home is something of a marvel , ' she says of the house , which has panoramic views of cape .
town 's iconic clifton beaches , some the world 's most beautiful , and the .
calming waves of the atlantic ocean .
' i love the triple volume gallery space they have created inside and praise how the master bedroom floats over into the double volume living space with a striking soft s-curve cantilever .
' ` to the rear of the site you can sit and .
enjoy the mountains .
this level enjoys 270 degree views from lion 's head .
at the rear to the bantry bay ridge on the north and the dramatic sea .
views over the clifton beaches to the west , ' she adds .
the garden is designed to be protected from infamous cape town wind , but still has incredible views of the dramatic landscape .
kick back and relax : the natural tones and organic materials add to the laid back feel in the villa 's main lounge .
` on speaking to the architects they told me how the brief was to create a building that maximised the connection with the view and the sea , create a garden on the mountain side of the site and to minimise views over neighbouring buildings .
' i know their team has done this