by .
steve nolan .
published : .
14:02 est , 10 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
05:02 est , 12 december 2012 .
hero : rear-admiral sir horatio nelson , who admitted in a letter that he suffered seasickness .
famed for his fearless leadership during the napoleonic war , admiral horatio nelson is undoubtedly a national hero .
but a letter sent from nelson 's flagship the hms victory has revealed that even the inspirational commander occasionally struggled with life at sea .
in the previously unseen letter which has gone on display at the tunbridge wells museum and art gallery , admiral nelson confesses to being seasick .
nelson wrote the letter to the 2nd earl of camden in october 1804 to explain why his nephew had left the hms victory just a few months after joining the navy .
he wrote : ' i am ill every time it blows hard and nothing but my enthusiastic love for the profession keeps me one hour at sea .
' it was sent to lord camden 's home at bayham abbey estate , near frant , east sussex , and nelson tells lord camden that 16-year-old francis james left hms victory because he was not suited to naval life and suffered from seasickness - a condition he could sympathise with .
now the letter has gone on display at tunbridge wells museum .
in the letter , which was found recently in the camden family archives , nelson also discusses the military and political situation with lord camden , who was secretary of state for war and the colonies at the time .
a spokeswoman for tunbridge wells museum said the letter was ` hugely important because of its historical context ' .
she added ` the letter was written in october 1804 from hms victory in the mediterranean where nelson was permanently stationed to counter french influence .
` this was just a year before his great victory - and death - at the battle of trafalgar .
` the letter links admiral horatio nelson with the local noble camden family who lived on the bayham abbey estate .
artifact : written in october 1804 , the letter to the 2nd earl of camden has gone on public display for the first time .
understanding : the letter sympathetically explains why the earl 's