a family of mountain lions who live in a national park were caught on camera in extreme close up gnawing on a dead deer .
the images showing kittens p-32 and p-33 , along with mother p-19 , were unveiled wednesday on santa monica mountains national recreation area 's facebook page .
the big cats were photographed tearing limbs , chomping and lapping up the bloody feast at the california park .
first to arrive : kitten p-33 is seen at the kill site .
her brother and mother reportedly arrived one hour later .
why hello there !
p-33 peers up at the sky while inside the santa monica mountains national recreation area .
chowing down : kitten p-33 gnaws on the deer carcass at the california park in february .
at the time the photos were taken , p-33 was 15 months old .
feast : p-33 digs into her prey .
a park ranger has said the animal had to use her carnassial teeth to make cuts .
a national park service ranger , identified by ktla as kate kuykendall , wrote on facebook that a remote camera was used for the images .
she said that the feline family was snapped close to the line that separates la county from ventura county in the santa monica mountains .
kuykendall wrote : ` kittens normally stay with their mother until they are about one to one and a half years old .
` one of the siblings , p-34 , had already dispersed and it appears that these kittens may have also left their mom since the photos were taken in mid-february .
` this is p-19 's second litter and we 've been tracking all three kittens since they were four weeks old .
lapping it up : p-33 licked one of the deer 's leg during her meal .
according to the national park service , mountain lions eat one deer weekly .
family meal : mother p-19 -lrb- left -rrb- and her son p-32 -lrb- right -rrb- join in on the meal at santa monica mountains national recreation area .
all together : the three mountain lions were caught together in remote camera images .
` since we started studying these animals in 2002 , we have not tracked any male mountain lions that have successfully dispersed out of the santa monica mountains .