by .
daily mail reporter .
a drug used as a cancer treatment has been found to slow the progression of a fatal lung disease significantly .
scientists from southampton general hospital discovered that nintedanib makes a dramatic difference to idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis -lrb- ipf -rrb- .
the condition , which affects mainly men and former smokers , causes inflammation and scarring of the lung tissue .
sufferers have an average life expectancy of between three and five years , with 5,000 deaths and 5,000 new cases every year .
the drug nintedanib was previously used to treat cancer and has been shown to slow the progress of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis .
nintedanib works by blocking the chemical signals that activate the disease by creating excess tissue and scarring and causing breathing problems .
the two studies , led by professor luca richeldi , a consultant in respiratory medicine at southampton general hospital , compared the breathing capacity of 638 people with ipf who used the drug with 423 who took a placebo .
breathing capacity is measured by the amount of air a person can expel after their deepest breath , which is seriously affected in ipf sufferers .
researchers found that the decline in the breathing capacity of patients taking nintedanib was cut by around half over the two studies .
the drug is now likely to be licensed worldwide within the next year , and avail-able to patients in the near future .
researchers hope that the drug will be licensed to treat ipf within the next twelve months -lrb- picture posed by model -rrb- .
professor richeldi said : ` the impact of this study can not be overstated .
these are exciting results and mean nintedanib has the potential to offer patients a new direction in treating this aggressive disease .
' he said : ` the prognosis for patients with ipf is worse than many cancers and cases are increasing by 5,000 a year in the uk alone , so the need for new , targeted and more effective treatments has never been greater .
` nintedanib specifically targets some key molecular pathways known to be involved in ipf , which gives us a much clearer insight into how the body works and how we might be able to further develop treatments .
he added : ` we expect an advance use programme to