by .
stuart fraser .
follow @@ stu_fraser .
no more climbing .
it is likely that never again shall we see the wimbledon champion climbing onto the roof of the commentary box as they go to celebrate with their coaches and family after the all england club installed a new gate this year at the front of the centre court players ' box .
it allows players to walk directly from the court to the box through the stands .
iconic : players will no longer have to climb onto the commentary box to get to the players ' box .
still gb , for now ... on the day which great britain find out their 2015 davis cup opponents in the first round draw in dubai , the scottish independence referendum takes place on september 18 .
if scotland vote yes , though , it would be at least another three years before they could field their own team due to the long and complicated application process .
take you pick , maria .
maria sharapova received a surprise proposal as she watched russia take on algeria in the world cup from her rented house in wimbledon on thursday night .
four russian fans were spotted by tv cameras holding up banners which read : ` sharapova will you marry me ?
' the 2004 wimbledon champion responded on twitter : ` i missed the goal but i did n't miss this ... i have to marry all 4 ?
' offer : maria sharapova had a unique type of proposal from a group of russia fans .
service pain .
monica niculescu was in tears as she took a blow to the back of her head -- courtesy of a serve from doubles partner klara koukalova .
the romanian was at the net when koukalova 's serve went flying into her .
the pair went on to lose to garbine muguruza and carla suarez navarro .
patty 's pregnant .
former world no 7 patty schnyder , 35 , announced her pregnancy yesterday on facebook .
she wrote : ` i 'm pregnant .
and there is a daddy full of joy too .
so there was no sperm donator needed .
' schnyder last year split with husband rainer hoffman , a private detective originally hired by her parents to rescue her from a former lover