the coalition has been branded a ` zombie .
government ' after it emerged mps will take a 19-day break because there .
are not enough new laws to debate .
the commons is set to break up early for the queen 's speech because there are not enough issues to debate .
with david cameron and nick cleg 's parties at loggerheads on several fronts , mps are preparing to pack their bags on thursday and not return until the queen 's speech on june 4 .
the commons is expected to break up on thursday , a week earlier than expected , because mps have run out of laws and issues to debate .
ministers have been stung by the idea they have run out of policies to debate , with commons leader andrew lansley branding the idea a ` fantasy ' .
the house of commons was due to sit until may 22 , the day of the european and local elections .
but mps are likely to be given an extra week off , because there is no more legislation to debate ahead of the prorogation for the queen 's speech .
it will fuel suggestions that the queen 's speech itself will contain little in the way of major new laws , because the two coalition parties can not agree on their final legislation programme before the general election .
labour has repeatedly accused the government of running out of ideas , and the latest break will only add to the impression .
shadow commons leader angela eagle said : ` we are likely to rise a week early showing that this is a government that has n't only run out of ideas , it 's run out of steam .
' jon ashworth mp , labour 's shadow cabinet office minister , said : ` this is just the latest example of david cameron 's zombie government that simply staggers on despite the fact that ministers have run out of ideas and have nothing left to say .
` we need positive measures to deal with the cost-of-living crisis which the tories and the lib dems can not provide .
only labour has answers .
' it means mps will not be back in westminster until june 4 , when the queen will announce the last package of laws before the general election next