by .
james gordon .
straphangers who are late for work or school can get an ` excuse note ' from the new york city subway explaining to their boss or teacher the reason for their late arrival .
the wintry weather often leads to delays on the roads and rails leading to frayed nerves of both workers and their superiors .
those delayed through no fault of their own can file an online delay verification form , akin to a transit doctor 's note .
train traffic ahead : new york 's mta which runs the city subway is providing commuters with ` late notes ' they can give to their bosses if their train is delayed on the way to work .
the transit agency will write back in about three weeks or so with a note detailing whether a delay occurred on a specific line at a particular time .
its usage has steadily increased with around 6,000 requests each month .
tardy individuals can also write or phone in their delays as well .
the online form allows riders to get information on delays that happened within the past 90 days .
if the delay dates back further than 90 days , a rider will have to submit a freedom of information law request .
excuse express : commuters can now get excuse notes for their bosses over e-mail if subway delays make them late for work .
` those people who are more computer savvy or are more prone to use a computer are finding that it 's a service that 's easier to use and it 's also quicker , ' said paul fleuranges , the agency 's director of corporate communications told the new york times .
` we 'd rather be at 100 percent on-time performance .
but , nobody 's perfect .
' subway trains make about 8,000 trips during an average weekday , with close to 600 trains in operation during the height of the rush hour .
nyc transit officials say track work , mechanical problems , sick customers and police investigations inevitably hold up trains during the course of an average working day .
a version of the system has existed for decades but the number of requests has tripled since the mta 's system went online .
the agency has written out more than 250,000 notes since