by .
ray massey , transport editor .
published : .
04:51 est , 12 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:58 est , 12 june 2013 .
a strike by militant french air traffic controllers has left thousands of british tourists and business travellers stranded across europe .
most major french cities were affected and the knock-on effect is likely to continue into today .
hundreds of services to and from british airports heading for destinations such as paris , lyon , nice , toulouse and marseilles were cancelled yesterday .
nice airport is one of those affected by the air traffic controller 's strike that has left thousands of brits stranded .
flights that cross french airspace were also cancelled or delayed , including holiday destinations in spain and portugal .
in another black day for the country 's .
socialist government , many air traffic controllers stayed at home for .
the second day prompting french aviation bosses to order all airlines .
using french airports to cancel 50 per cent of their services .
last night greek air traffic .
controllers were reported by airlines to be calling a ` siesta strike ' -- .
from noon to 2pm today -- which will disrupt and delay some flights .
controllers in both countries are protesting against a planned overhaul .
of aviation by the european commission to create what has been nicknamed .
` a single european sky ' .
they fear this plan to centralise air traffic .
control across the eu will lead to job losses .
low cost carrier easyjet was yesterday forced to cancel 200 flights -- of which 92 were to or from the uk -- because of the chaos .
ryanair said around 400 of its flights .
had been cancelled across europe , including many to and from britain .
british airways cancelled 24 uk flights .
all said they hoped to run a .
` near normal ' service today .
the militancy is due to spread to .
french railways .
french rail unions threatened to cancel up to 70 per .
cent of services in protest at reform of their working practices .
easyjet has had to cancel 128 flights due to the industrial action , forcing thousands to make other plans .
these include high speed tgv services , with the stoppages due