by .
annabel fenwick elliott .
nicky hilton , designer , businesswoman and hotel heiress , has opened up exclusively to mailonline about the details of her upcoming book , 365 style , as we see the cover for the first time .
` one of the biggest misconceptions about style is that you need a huge bank account to have it ' , she reveals .
' i believe that no amount of money can buy you style .
having good style takes originality , imagination and confidence .
' and 365 style is n't merely a mash-up of fashion tips , according to the 30-year-old beauty .
nicky has come up with a winning formula : ` my method suggests identifying six staple items of clothing and five essential accessories per season , my 3-6-5 approach ; it 's proven to really be a fail-proof method for me and my friends .
' the cover unveiled : ` one of the biggest misconceptions about style is that you need a huge bank account to have it ' , says nicky hilton -lrb- pictured -rrb- on the contents of her upcoming book , 365 style .
' 365 style is meant to be a go-to guide to keeping our closets in check ' , nicky explains .
` my book offers a simple method that helps girls identify the staple pieces that work best for their lifestyle , encourages them to stay true to their own tastes , and most importantly shows them how to have fun with fashion every day of the year .
' you might think the younger sister of paris hilton - who has famously uttered the words : ` once i 've worn a dress , i can never wear it again ' - would share a similar throw-away approach to fashion .
not so .
simple formula : ` my book offers a simple method that helps girls identify the staple pieces that work best for their lifestyle ' , says the stylish heiress -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
3-6-5 approach : in addition to selecting three components to your lifestyle , nicky suggests identifying ` six staple items of clothing and five essential accessories per season ' ' i do n't believe in buying into every trend that hits the runway .
trends can be fun , but they do n't last forever