luis suarez finally appears to be settling into his role in the barcelona team , and off the pitch the former liverpool striker does n't appear to be having any problems fitting in either .
the uruguay international led the jokes as a number of the players , including lionel messi and neymar jnr , posed for pictures after the catalan club announced a new partnership agreement with spanish broadband and telecommunications provider telefonica .
after a slow start following his # 70million summer move from the red last summer suarez has caught the eye with a number of impressive performances for barcelona .
luis suarez jokes with team-mates lionel messi and and neymar jnr at a barcelona photocall .
after a slow start to his barcelona career , suarez has put in a string of impressive performances .
the striker was joined by a number of his team-mates as barcelona announced a new partnership .
barcelona have only been beaten once - by david moyes ' real scoiedad - in the last 23 games and the form of suarez and strike partners lionel messi and neymar have been key during that run .
and the attacking triumvirate looked in high spirits as they were joined by team-mates dani alves , javier mascherano , adriano , claudio bravo , rafinha and douglas for the photocall for the agreement .
barcelona have closed the gap at the top of la liga to just one point and luis enrique 's side are bidding to win their seventh consecutive league game when they host malaga on saturday .
suarez and messi smile for the camera during the announcement of a deal with telefonica .
dani alves makes a phone signal as the players line up for a picture .
barcelona players -lrb- left to right -rrb- douglas , rafinha , adriano , alves , neymar , messi , suarez , claudio bravo and javier mascherano pose for pictures with telefonica chief operating officer jose maria alvarez-palette .
next tuesday the spanish giants will be pitting their wits against manchester city in the first leg of their champions league last-16 clash at the etihad .
messi , neymar and suarez have netted 13 goals between them in barcelona 's last five matches and will surely provide a stern test for vincent kompany and co as manchester city bid to reach their first champions league