by .
andrew young .
celebrities and the super-rich have been forced to pay # 210 million through a ` back-door mansion tax ' in the last two years , new figures have revealed .
the cash has been raked in by the government from two new levies on luxury homes worth more than # 2 million .
the charges apply when the properties are bought or owned by companies , rather than individuals .
tax trap : celebrities and the super-rich have been forced to pay # 210million through a ` back-door mansion tax ' in the last two years , new figures have revealed .
anti-poverty campaigner bob geldof -lrb- pictured , left , with fiancee jeanne marine -rrb- and sir mick jagger -lrb- right -rrb- are both thought to have been affected by the charges .
luxury : the government charges apply when the properties are bought or owned by companies , rather than individuals .
geldof is known to have a home -lrb- pictured -rrb- in south london , owned by company quiet ventures ltd .
bob geldof , sir mick jagger and britain 's richest men the hinduja brothers are among those thought to have been affected by the closure of a loophole which enabled wealthy buyers to avoid stamp duty or possible inheritance tax by holding their homes in so-called ` corporate envelopes ' .
an annual levy of up to # 140,000 a year must now be paid on uk homes which are registered to a company , along with a special stamp duty rate of 15 per cent when a property is sold .
the treasury has reaped much more income than expected from the new fees , in a sign that the wealthy may be happy to pay extra tax on a property in return for privacy or other benefits that come from property ownership through a company .
figures show that the annual tax on enveloped dwellings -lrb- ated -rrb- brought in an extra # 140 million to the government 's coffers in 2013-14 , seven times the treasury 's own forecast .
london pad : meanwhile , rolling stones singer sir mick has a house -lrb- pictured -rrb- in chelsea owned by a british virgin islands-registered company called cazatine ltd. .
this is apparently for ` privacy and security reasons ' the higher stamp duty rate brought in an