by .
david baker .
published : .
16:18 est , 27 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
04:35 est , 28 november 2012 .
for the royals there is no better way to celebrate a high profile state visit than with british pomp and ceremony .
but while most seemed happy to stick to tradition at windsor castle today it appeared not everyone was singing from the same hymn sheet .
that 's because a glittering military display went slightly awry as one horse decided to throw its rider to the floor as it made an embarrassing run for it .
scroll down for video .
attention seeking : the skittish horse seems desperate to unseat its .
rider causing a few heads to turn as they try and get back in position .
bolt out of the blue : the horse , having unseated its rider , makes a run for it during a military display for the amir sheikh sabah al-ahmad al-jaber al-sabah of kuwait .
there was nothing senior royals could .
do as the horse bolted in front of their guests from kuwait during the .
display from the household cavalry mounted regiment .
it .
had been organised to kick-off the queen 's welcoming of the amir of the .
middle eastern country as part of the leader 's three-day official trip .
sheikh sabah al-ahmad al-jaber al-sabah was formally welcomed during the somewhat hampered ceremony staged in windsor , as britain bids to strengthen its already strong relations with the middle east nation .
rebel : the horse could be seen moving out of position during the precession before it unseated its rider .
awkward : the rider looks suitably embarrassed after he was thrown off his horse , while others seemed to want to capture it on film .
professional : he decides there is nothing left to do than make the best of a bad situation and stands at attention .
the queen , duke of edinburgh and prince of wales were present to greet the 83-year-old arab leader , who is likely to see the visit as both a personal and political highlight of his career .
handshakes between the british and kuwaiti heads of state were made in the centre of windsor near one of the town 's two stations as well-wishers looked on .
but the