when it comes to the world cup , there is always the temptation to forget that england were ever at the tournament in the first place .
after all that 's what the fa , the guardians of the national sport , did after costa rica beat italy on june 20 .
to put england 's embarrassing performance into context , 12 teams - argentina , bosnia herzegovina , nigeria , iran , germany , portugal , ghana , usa , belgium , russia , south korea and algeria - had not even played their second match when england were eliminated .
were you really here ?
roy hodgson -lrb- second left -rrb- and england players after the 0-0 draw against costa rica .
england missed a trick when the kit skips were loaded on to a plane at the airport in belo horizonte after their final group game against costa rica ended with a 0-0 draw .
it is then that the world cup began elsewhere , opening up as brazil , germany , holland and argentina went deep into this tournament .
their arrival in the latter stages was no accident .
all four of those teams , regardless of the outcome of the two semi-finals in belo horizonte and sao paulo , have the mentality of champions .
they arrived in brazil expecting to win it .
being around these teams is an experience , an education into the attitude and psychological determination these teams have on reaching the latter stages of a world cup .
ask most brazilians about their five world cup wins and most of them will answer ` yes , but why did n't we win the other 14 ?
' .
germany have won three and lost four finals , holland were beaten in the 2010 final by spain and argentina won it in 1978 and again in 1986 .
they know what it takes .
england , as ever , were nowhere .
to watch and learn from these teams is an exercise in itself , something which england and the fa could and should have picked up on .
instead they are monitoring the games from afar .
in between holland 's 2-1 victory over mexico and their semi-final with argentina in sao paulo , louis van gaal twice threw open the doors to holland 's training centre .
it