by .
larisa brown .
published : .
08:02 est , 12 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
06:33 est , 13 november 2012 .
a portrait of controversial sinn fein leader gerry adams has been bought by the british national portrait gallery , which relies on taxpayers ' money to run .
words taken from ira terrorist bobby sands - who famously died in a hunger strike in protest of his treatment as a criminal by british authorities - are inscribed in the image .
the london gallery , which is partly funded by grants from the government , has confirmed it has purchased the painting by cumbrian artist conrad atkinson who is a catholic of irish descent .
mr adams has , in the past , insisted he is proud of his association with the ira terrorist group , but has stopped short of admitting membership of the paramilitary organisation .
the portrait of sinn fein president gerry adams , pictured , is to hang in the national portrait gallery in london , along with the likes of margaret thatcher .
his portrait is set to go on display in the gallery , which also has portraits of the likes of margaret thatcher .
mr atkinson said its purchase was a ` really good and important initiative ' by the gallery .
he said : ' i think they are quite brave to do it .
there may well be no controversy but there may well be .
' mr adams , leader of the largest nationalist party in northern ireland , has been a key player in the irish peace process .
he has always denied being a member of the ira .
sinn .
fein - irish for ` we ourselves ' - used to be widely regarded as the .
political wing of the ira but is now considered completely separate .
the party wants to end british rule in northern ireland and make ireland an independent state .
but .
mr adams could soon be sharing a wall space with british politicians .
including lady thatcher , who was widely disliked by irish republicans .
mr adams , left , is set to see his portrait - decorated with the words of hunger striker bobby sands , right - on show at the gallery which has confirmed the sale has been approved