busted : elizabeth segundo mcclain , 22 , of austin , was charged with aggravated assault with a deadly weapon after the incident on monday .
a texas woman has brought a terrifying new meaning to the phrase ` hell hath no fury like a woman scorned ' when she allegedly ran over his mother with her car following their break-up .
elizabeth segundo mcclain , 22 , of austin , was charged with aggravated assault with a deadly weapon after the incident on monday .
ryan boyd told cops that he had broken up with mcclain in september after about three years together , and she had apparently not taken the separation well .
on monday , mr boyd 's mother lori was waiting beside her son 's car with a flat tire in front of her home when mcclain drove up , according to the austin-american statesman .
the mother called the police but as lori boyd tried to tell the operator the license number of the vehicle , mcclain allegedly put the car in reverse and slammed on the gas pedal , striking her .
mcclain then drove forward and ran over the right side of her body , including her foot and arm .
seconds after leaving his mother in the driveway , she texted mr boyd , saying : ` how 's life lol .
' he was not home at the time , and did n't know what the text was about until he heard from his mother 's boyfriend , who said that she had been mother had been run over by mcclain .
it was the latest in a string of .
trouble that mr boyd had been experiencing with his jilted girlfriend since their .
break-up .
mcclain was also charged with stalking after cops said she called mr boyd 750 times in one day .
kxan-tv reported that on november 11 , mcclain called mr boyd and threatened to drive her car into his living room , and implied that she was watching him .
he called the police , but mcclain was not in the area .
three days later , as mr boyd was driving , she texted him , asking : ` how 's your car ?
' reaching out : mcclain was also charged with stalking after cops said she called mr boyd 750 times in