by .
harriet arkell .
published : .
12:56 est , 19 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
04:01 est , 20 december 2012 .
a newly-restored classic world war ii spitfire has taken to the british skies for the first time since being found in a scrapyard a decade ago .
the iconic second world war fighter plane has been restored by a businessman who spent # 1m building it back up to its former glory after it was rescued from a south african scrapyard .
yesterday the gleaming spitfire took off from the soon-to-close filton aerodrome outside bristol for the first time since the 1940s .
restored classic : the rebuilt spitfire took to the skies above bristol yesterday after a painstaking # 1m renovation .
flying through british skies for the first time since the 1940s : the restored spitfire over bristol .
taking off : the gleaming aircraft attracted large crowds to filton airfield near bristol yesterday .
filton has been synonymous with aviation development since before world war one when the british and colonial aeroplane company set up a flying ground there in 1911 .
the firm developed the iconic bristol fighter and the airfield was used by the royal flying corps during the war .
between the wars , the firm became bristol aeroplane company and built aero engines , while hurricane fighters were based at filton .
during world war two , bac expanded massively , producing the bristol blenheim and beaufighter , two medium-range twin-engine bombers .
spitfires were also based at the grass airfield for a time following heavy bombing of bristol .
after the war , bristol continued to develop planes , by now branching out into commercial aviation and extending the concrete runway to cater for larger airliners .
filton 's crowning glory was arguably its role in the development of concorde , in the 1960s and 1970s , by now under control of the british aircraft corporation .
pictured above is the famous supersonic passenger jet visiting the airfield for the last time in 2003 .
in 1977 bae acquired the airfield and it was recently used to produce the bae 146 small airliner .
the occasion was a poignant one as filton aerodrome , is to be decommissioned by bae after more than a century of aviation there , and will close on december 31