by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
10:18 est , 7 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:40 est , 7 august 2013 .
the autopsy of a young woman whose body was found in the colorado river after she disappeared while rafting through the grand canyon has revealed that she had been drinking excessively at the time of her death .
the body of kaitlin kenney , who turned 21 during the month-long rafting trip that lead to her death , was found in late march after a two-month search following her january 11 disappearance .
previous reports speculated that she may have taken hallucinogenic mushrooms at the time of her death , since she was said to have brought them on the rafting trip with her , but the autopsy showed that she only had alcohol in her system .
worst fear confirmed : officials found the body of kaitlin anne kenney , 21 , in the colorado river , two months after disappearing during a rafting trip with friends .
even still , her apparent decision to .
drink during the trip comes in contrast to her journal entries where she .
wrote about the dangers of imbibing while on a self-guided rafting .
trip .
` drinking out of .
control or to the point of unconsciousness is probably the most .
dangerous thing we can be doing out there , ' she wrote in a journal entry .
dated four days before she disappeared .
` she might just have wanted to let loose , ' her brother ryan kenney told the ap , even though he said she was not a big drinker .
kenney was on the trip with a group of friends and they had boxes of wine and beer among their supplies .
no drugs : kenney had brought hallucinagenic mushrooms on the trip with her and taken some in the days leading up to her death but the autopsy did n't show any traces in her system on that fateful night .
the friends told investigators that they also shared whiskey with a passing group who visited them at their campsite .
in .
the days leading up to her disappearance on the night of january 11 , .
kenney had eaten some of the hallucinogenic mushrooms that she brought .
with her , but their