by .
david martosko , u.s. political editor .
published : .
23:28 est , 20 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:00 est , 21 november 2013 .
republican florida rep. trey radel told is taking a leave of absence from congress following his conviction on a narcotics possession charge in washington , d.c. .
but the ` cocaine congressman ' is resisting calls for his resignation , and dodging the toughest questions journalists have lobbed at him .
he told reporters in a scripted press conference wednesday night that wants ` to be held accountable for the bad decisions that i made in my life , ' and ultimately to ` be a role model for millions of others that are struggling with this disease .
' radel has blamed a drinking problem for his drug use .
his mother , he said wednesday , also battled alcoholism .
she died during his 2009 wedding reception .
scroll down for video .
republican rep. trey radel is taking a leave of absence from congress after his conviction on a cocaine possession charge .
radel apologized to voters on facebook tuesday , shortly after his oct. 29 arrest became public .
judgment day : radel emerged from a washington , d.c. courthouse on wednesday after his sentencing .
` sometimes in life you need a wakeup call , ' he said .
` this is my wakeup call .
' he plans to donate his salary to a charity while he 's pursuing drug rehab treatment , beginning with time in an ` intensive inpatient ' facility .
radel received a sentence of one year 's supervised probation and a small fine for buying 3.5 grams of cocaine from an undercover policeman .
if he stays out of trouble , his conviction will be expunged from his record .
' i have no excuse for what i have done , ' he said wednesday night .
` i 've let down our country .
i 've let down our constituents .
i 've let down my wife .
and even though he does n't know it , i 've let down my two-year-old son .
' radel was elected to congress in november 2012 , and represents the south florida cities of cities of fort myers , cape coral , naples and sanibel island .
radel 's