by .
tom kelly .
published : .
18:16 est , 29 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:05 est , 30 december 2013 .
long queues for the changing rooms are the bane of bargain hunters at the post-christmas sales .
so marks & spencer decided to do away with them altogether -- an extraordinary decision that has enraged its customers .
in chaotic scenes that were replicated all across the country , a cringing daughter watched her mother strip off on the shop floor in protest after the store refused to change its policy .
outrage : m&s has faced a massive backlash after closing its fitting rooms during the post-christmas sales .
and a furious father had to get his young daughter to try on clothes surrounded by crowds in the middle of the shop .
m&s faced a massive backlash yesterday after introducing the policy for the first three days of the sales .
one person wrote on twitter that the strategy was ` suicide ' and said it would drive away shoppers at a time when high street stores were already struggling .
others pointed out that by closing the changing rooms the store was throwing away one of the few advantages it has over internet shopping .
and many said they had simply walked out and gone to take their business elsewhere .
m&s staff told shoppers that the changing rooms were shut because of ` security ' reasons .
but angry customers complained online that branch managers insisted on enforcing the policy even when their stores were ` virtually empty ' .
one furious bargain-hunter from manchester wrote on twitter : ` just saw an old woman whip her top off on the shop floor of m&s to try on a bra because the changing rooms were closed .
' an embarrassed teenage girl from southampton , posted : ` mum 's kicking off in m&s because the changing rooms are shut .
now she 's stripping off in the middle of the shop .
i ca n't even run away .
' angry father richard stradling posted : ` having to try clothes on my little girl on the shop floor as carmarthen store wo n't open their changing rooms !
thanks m&s !
' and a woman from cheshire wrote : ` i put my purchases back , no