wants her job back : 999 call handler sue heeney -lrb- pictured -rrb- claims she was sacked by essex police for being ` too jolly ' after chuckling with a caller .
a 999 operator who ` laughed and .
sniggered ' throughout a call from a man reporting that a suspected drink-driver may have been involved in a hit-and-run has been sacked for gross misconduct .
sue .
heeney failed to ` grasp the seriousness of the situation ' after joking .
with the caller when he made a mistake while giving her the registration .
of the car .
a disciplinary .
hearing was told that she ` got the giggles ' and from then on ` failed to .
deal with the conversation in a sober and professional manner ' .
she then graded the call with the incorrect heading ` suspicious circumstances ' rather than ` non-stop road traffic collision ' .
miss .
heeney , 38 , who worked for essex police , had been told by the caller .
that a member of his own family may have been drink-driving .
but she did not .
take immediate steps to start an investigation or gather evidence that .
could have helped with the search for the suspect or victims .
it was only when a dispatcher realised the seriousness of the incident that more immediate action was taken .
the .
adjudicator said : ` it is extremely fortunate that the dispatcher who .
picked up this incident , reviewed and reassessed its nature and urgency .
and took effective action .
' the driver in question was found to have been involved in two collisions that evening and failed to stop at both of them .
one of the victims was a cyclist who was lucky to escape serious injury , it was heard .
dismissing .
her for gross misconduct , the adjudicator ruled her actions ` could have .
potentially put lives at risk and adversely affected public .
confidence ' .
the call , which .
was made on november 9 last year , became light-hearted when the caller , .
paul turner , struggled to recall the phonetic alphabet and suggested ' e .
as in edward - i do n't know the proper one ' .
mother-of-two miss heeney corrected him that it was ` echo ' .