by .
ryan gorman and associated press reporter .
published : .
20:21 est , 7 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
20:50 est , 7 december 2013 .
the brother-in-law of columbia , south carolina mayor was shot dead execution style friday outside a charlotte , nc mini-mart .
witnesses reported hearing as many as nine shots fired at donald gist jr. , whose sister is columbia mayor steve benjamin 's wife , in the brazen daylight murder .
one witness said there were multiple bullet wounds to his head .
authorities have fingered violent career criminal arthur givens , 40 , as the main suspect in the killing , and have issued a warrant for his arrest as they hunt him down .
sudden death : arthur givens -lrb- left -rrb- shot dead the brother of deandrea benjamin -lrb- left -rrb- , wife of columbia , sc mayor steve benjamin , early friday afternoon .
` i was across the street .
i saw him .
i heard the shots .
it was about eight or nine shots , ' victor brown told wsoc .
` it was scary .
everybody scattered out .
it was very scary .
' the shooting took place just after 1pm , according to eyewitness accounts .
it occurred in the parking lot of the queens mini mart .
mr givens reportedly hit mr gist with multiple rounds in the horrifying attack .
one witness decribed the grizzly scene to news14 carolina .
` i just walked up here and seen a guy laying on the ground , look like he got shot in the head a couple of times , ' said sheba kennedy .
scene of the crime : authorities descended on the parking lot of queens mini-mart , in charlotte 's uptown neighborhood .
gathering evidence : homicide detectives interviewed eyewitnesses and gathered evidence from the scene of the horrifying execution .
the store is located on a busy thoroughfare , there were many witnesses to the cold-blooded killing .
` we just came over to the scene and we saw the man lying down on the ground , ' another told wsoc.police are n't sure why mr gist was in charlotte , but they have said they do not believe the attack was random .
a local resident who spoke to nbc charlotte was outraged by