bad reaction : lucy hinks , 13 , began to experience extreme exhaustion soon after having the cervical cancer vaccine alongside classmates which her parents are convinced caused it .
they were told the vaccine had few side-effects and would protect their daughter from cervical cancer .
but steve and pauline hinks are convinced the controversial hpv jab is behind their daughter lucy 's mystery illness which is making her sleep up to 23 hours a day .
tests have so far ruled out a brain tumour and glandular fever and the 13-year-old 's paediatric consultant is investigating potential links with the vaccine cervarix .
the jab was used in a national vaccination programme which started in september 2008 .
but it has already been linked to several cases of girls displaying severe side-effects .
before she received the vaccine , lucy was perfectly healthy , had an excellent school attendance record and was among the top students in her year .
but just weeks after she received the third dose of cervarix in may this year she began to feel exhausted .
by july she had lost a stone in weight and was sleeping almost round-the-clock .
` some nights i 've been so worried that i wake several times to make sure she 's still breathing , ' said her mother .
` i was concerned about the potential side-effects because lucy had a severe reaction from the mmr vaccine .
` but i was reassured by the school nurse that side-effects were extremely unlikely .
we feel betrayed because , like most parents , we trust the health authorities with our children 's lives .
' mr hinks , a health and safety manager at the pirelli tyre factory in carlisle , said : ` we are desperate to find some sort of treatment which will give us back the daughter we had before .
almost all cases of cervical cancer start off as an hpv infection .
80 per cent of women will contract a form of hpv by the time they reach 50 , most forms are harmless .
` we have to keep hoping that recovery will be soon .
' the vaccine is given to girls aged 12 .
and 13 in a nationwide programme which followed clinical trials in 2005 .
on more than 18,000 women under 26 .
parents who do