a 10ft burmese python was found crushed to death under a tree blown down in high winds .
rspca officials are investigating the death of the snake , found in a park in northfleet , kent , on wednesday by alarmed dog walkers .
the reptile had a head injury - but it remains unclear if the wound was suffered before being hit by the tree .
crushed to death : rspca officials are now investigating the death of the 10ft snake in northfleet , kent .
officers say it is possible the snake was killed and then left at the scene by a cruel owner .
an rspca spokesman said : ` somebody will be missing a 10ft burmese python and we want to find out who .
` further examination of the snake has led to some question as to whether the crush injury it sustained to the head was a result of the tree or whether the injury took place prior to being placed under the tree .
' nobody has yet come forward to claim ownership of the snake .
average burmese pythons grow to between 12 and 13ft - although some can reach 25ft and females are usually larger than males .
the snakes are normally found in the marshlands , swamps , grasslands and woodland of southern and south-east asia , and can prove deadly .
location : the snake was found in this park -lrb- file picture -rrb- in northfleet , kent , on wednesday by dog walkers .
the rspca spokesman added : ` a snake of .
this size could easily crush a child .
a fully-grown one would have the .
capability of seriously injuring or even killing a fully grown adult .
` it 's their crush instinct that 's particularly dangerous .
' burmese pythons are a brown colour with distinctive black , green and tan markings .
` somebody will be missing a 10ft burmese python and we want to find out who ' rspca spokesman .
despite the potential danger , the creatures - which eat birds , small mammals and rodents - are popular as pets because of their appearance and normally docile manner .
they can live for 20 years or more .
the largest burmese pythons can weigh as much as 250lbs .
the guinness world record for the largest snake in captivity