by .
damien gayle .
published : .
09:02 est , 24 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
09:02 est , 24 december 2012 .
world 's top civilian cyber defender : chris doman , 26 , from essex finished second overall in the 2012 digital forensics challenge .
a british software developer has been named the world 's top civilian computer security expert in a competition run by the u.s military .
chris doman , 26 , from essex finished as the highest-ranked civilian and second overall in the 2012 digital forensics challenge , held by the u.s. department of defense cyber crime centre .
he beat competition from almost 2,000 cyber defenders from 53 countries , losing out only to a professional team from multibillion pound u.s. aerospace and defence firm northrop grumman .
the final standings provided further .
good news for the health of the country 's home-grown cyber talent pool .
as the uk contributed more participants than almost any other country .
two more british amateurs , matt bartlet and chris moore , finished in the top 12 .
the dc3 digital forensics challenge is .
a global competition designed and hosted by the us department of .
defense cyber crime center .
considered one of the toughest .
forensic competitions in the world , it takes the form of scenario-based .
exercises replicating the complexity digital forensics examiners face .
extracting and scrutinising data to solve cybercrime .
areas covered include file signatures , hashing metadata , data hiding , communication recovery , and information concealment .
chris doman is a computer science .
graduate , a former web developer , and the co-founder of ignite research , .
a start-up he set up in 2009 with a school friend to tackle various .
projects using their software expertise .
ignite 's latest project , hotelsweep , represents the world 's largest collection of hotel data collected into a single system .
despite .
his obvious talents with information technology , success in the dc3 .
competition came as a surprise and has prompted him to start applying .
for his first job in cyber security .
mr doman 's success has made him eligible to take part in the cyber security challenge uk : here a team tackle the challenge in an event this year .
the man who hacked