by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
04:10 est , 9 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:46 est , 9 october 2013 .
restraint : downton abbey writer julian fellowes , pictured , said show bosses could have shot a more graphic rape scene than the one which was aired on sunday .
julian fellowes .
has defended the airing of a rape scene in this week 's episode of downton abbey .
answering criticism that rape scene had been sensationalist , the oscar-winning writer said he supported itv 's decision to screen the sex attack of a maid by a visiting valet .
in the episode , aired on sunday night , joanna froggatt 's character , anna bates , was attacked by mr green , played by eastenders actor nigel harman .
it sparked more than 200 complaints to itv and ofcom with many saying it was too strong for a sunday night .
however , mr fellowes said the director had shown restraint in cutting away to other rooms of the house and it could have been much more graphic .
he told the bbc : ` the whole point of the way we do things on downton is we do n't do them gratuitously .
we are interested in exploring the resultant emotions and the effect these things have on people .
` if we 'd have wanted a sensational rape we could have stayed down .
in the kitchen with the camera during the whole thing and wrung it out .
` the .
point of our handling is not that we 're interested in sensationalising .
but we 're interested in exploring the mental damage and the emotional .
damage .
' joanne froggatt has also defended the storyline , saying she is ` proud ' of downton abbey for tackling the controversial subject .
the star said it was a ` brave ' move by programme-makers to feature such a difficult scene in the normally gentile sunday night series .
itv .
warned viewers about upsetting scenes before the start of the period .
drama , but it still received ` around 60 complaints ' by monday .
` brave move ' : joanne froggatt has defended downton abbey after the rape storyline that featured on sunday night 's show caused complaints from shocked viewer .
froggatt said