by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
19:14 est , 8 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
00:02 est , 9 may 2013 .
a man is accused of fatally shooting the estranged mom of his daughter four times at a fort worth , dallas apartment complex and also wounding the girl 's grandmother .
eugene esters is alleged to have shot 33-year-old jennifer johnson four times , including twice as she lay mortally wounded , on dec. 5 , 2011 .
as esters , 48 , stood over his victim he told her , ` now , go put that on facebook , ' her mother testified on tuesday at the start of his murder trial .
write caption here .
jennifer johnson , the sister of chris johnson , cornerback for the super bowl champion baltimore ravens , was shot in the parking lot of the la plaza apartment complex in east fort worth , reports the fort worth star-telegram .
esters , a barber , had at one time lived in the block but after an argument with johnson had been told to move out .
they couple had an on-again , off-again relationship which had last six years .
in 2009 johnson had successfully filed a lawsuit against esters seeking child support .
esters told police that he slept in his car the night before the shooting because he wanted to see his daughter the next day .
johnson and esters were believed to be arguing in the moments leading up to him shooting her .
it unknown what the argument was over or what johnson had posted on facebook that had so enraged esters .
the couple 's daughter and an older child belonging to jennifer johnson were away at the time of the shooting .
jennifer johnson 's brother is chris johnson , cornerback for the super bowl champion baltimore ravens .
her mother , della johnson , 53 , told jurors that she had gone to her .
daughter 's home to help jump-start her car and that after shooting her .
daughter four times , he shot her in the chest .
` esters was hollering , `` call 911 , there 's been a murder , ''' della johnson told the jury .
` and he was telling me that i needed to sit my stupid ass