by .
associated press .
beneath the strings of red paper lanterns and narrow alleyways of the nation 's oldest chinatown in san francisco , lies a sinister underworld , according to an fbi criminal complaint that has stunned even those familiar with the neighborhood 's history of gambling houses , opium dens and occasional gangland-style murders .
the federal charges , which allege a california lawmaker accepted money and campaign donations in exchange for providing official favors and helping broker an arms deal , cast harsh light on chinatown 's tight-knit network of fraternal organizations and one of its most shadowy characters , raymond ` shrimp boy ' chow , who appeared in federal court on friday in handcuffs and shackles .
investigators say chow is the leader -- the dragonhead -- of one of the most powerful asian gangs in north america .
chow 's gang is said to have lured state sen. leland yee into its clutches through money and campaign contributions in exchange for legislative help , as yee sought to build his campaign coffers to run for california secretary of state .
gang leader : raymond ` shrimp boy ' chow , is seen here posing for a portrait in san francisco in july 2007 .
he was arrested this week in a major fbi sting .
california sen. leland yee , d-san francisco , is seen here as he leaves the san francisco federal building on wednesday after the bust .
in court friday , assistant public defender elizabeth falk told a judge that chow would have to find other legal representation .
she cited potential conflicts of interest involving previous cases , but did not elaborate .
chow did not enter a plea , and the hearing was continued until monday .
born in hong kong in 1960 , chow came to the united states at 16 and was reportedly nicknamed ` shrimp boy ' by his grandmother , in part due to his small stature .
after dropping out of high school , chow rose within the ranks of the local hop sing tong gang after he and his crew survived a 1977 shooting at a chinatown restaurant that left five dead and about a dozen people injured .
chow then spent a few years inside san quentin prison for a robbery conviction , and after his release , he started working