by .
matt blake .
published : .
05:35 est , 1 august 2012 .
| .
updated : .
11:50 est , 1 august 2012 .
yards from the crashing surf of his ocean home , a humpback whale lies dead in the waters of a public pool .
the sea monster 's body washed up on this seaside swimming basin by newport beach , in sydney , australia , after dying on its journey north to warmer climes .
whether he was abandoned by his pod or simply could n't keep up because of age or injury is unclear .
but where waves once splashed and sprayed against his powerful frame , ripples now lap with poignant tranquility .
scroll down for video .
watery grave : metres from the crashing surf of his ocean home , a humpback whale lies dead in the stillest of waters of a public pool .
and at 32-feet from tail to snout , he is the exact same length as a london double-decker bus .
but it is now a nervous wait to see if the next high tide will rise enough to reclaim him back into his pacific heartland .
if not , the new south wales wildlife authorities must find a way to remove the rotting carcass , which is already beginning to emit a putrid smell .
majestic : the 32-foot leviathan of the deep beached himself in this seaside swimming basin by newport beach , near sydney , australia , while travelling to warmer northern climes .
stark contrast : where once great waves would splash and spray , gentle ripples now lap against his upturned belly .
one whale of a stink : the new south wales wildlife authorities must find a way to remove the rotting carcass , which is already beginning to emit a putrid smell .
whale beachings are common in australia , but rough seas and a high tide washed the 20 to 30 tonne humpback whale over a chain safety fence late on tuesday and into a public salt water swimming pool at sydney 's newport beach .
national parks authorities said they hope the whale carcass might float out of the pool area on the next high tide .
otherwise , workers might have to bring in a crane to remove the whale and then carve up the carcass .