by .
allan hall .
cornelius gurlitt , son of hildebrand gurlitt , said his father had acquired the priceless works legally .
art recluse cornelius gurlitt has said he wants the # 1billion of art treasures taken from his flat by german customs officials returned to him -- despite the fact at least some of the haul is nazi loot strong-armed from jewish people at knock-down prices .
gurlitt , 80 , told der spiegel news magazine in a rambling interview laced with an overriding sense of victim-hood that his father hildebrand -- a powerful nazi-era art dealer once tasked to sell modern art abroad for the regime to buy weapons -- had acquired the priceless works legally and that he as his heir sees himself as their rightful owner .
he is a man consumed with anger -- at the state , at the media -- even towards his sister benita for dying of cancer .
` she was two years younger than me and married .
she should have outlived me , ' he said .
` then she would have inherited everything , and she would have known how to deal with this .
now , everything is so miserable .
` i will not give anything back voluntarily , ' said the eccentric loner who has not been charged with any crimes .
` i hope this gets resolved soon and i finally get my pictures back .
` i 've never committed a crime , and even if i had , it would fall under the statute of limitations .
if i were guilty , they would put me in prison .
' gurlitt , who suffers from a heart condition , said he had given state prosecutors investigating him on charges of tax evasion and misappropriation of assets ` enough ' documents to prove his innocence .
the art was seized in february last year but the existence of the collection only became known a fortnight ago , subjecting gurlitt to a media firestorm which he detests .
the flat was raided by customs officials who had stopped him in 2010 on a train back from switzerland with 9,000 euros in cash and empty envelopes stamped with the name of a swiss bank .
scroll down for video .
breathtaking : a montage of some of the works which have already been released