by .
matt blake .
published : .
11:37 est , 16 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:28 est , 16 july 2013 .
linebacker : monty ray grow played for the kansas city chiefs for a season in 1994 , alongside joe montana , and the jacksonville jaguars in 1995 .
a former nfl linebacker has been arrested in florida after he left a toddler in a car while he visited a strip club .
monty ray grow , who has played for the kansas city chiefs and the jacksonville jaguars , left the three-year-old girl locked in the parking lot of a car dealership in tampa bay and popped into the diamond dolls erotic nightclub on sunday night .
police said she was found by her mother and grandparents more than 40 minutes later after they used gps to track her down .
by the time grow returned from the club they had taken the girl away , replaced by waiting officers .
it is unclear exactly how long the toddler was in the car but police said her mother tracked her down at 9.09 pm , arrived to pick her up six minutes later before grow emerged from the club at 9.48 pm .
the pinellas county sheriff 's office said grow , of redington beach , was charged with child abuse sunday night and was later released on $ 5,000 bail .
it would not reveal his relationship to the little girl , saying only that he was supposed to be caring for her .
when grow returned to the car , he reportedly acknowledged leaving the uninjured child unattended .
grow played linebacker for the gators from 1989 to 1993 .
he went on to play a season each for the kansas city chiefs and the jacksonville jaguars .
diamond dolls claims on its website to be a ` powerhouse of a gentleman 's club ' where patrons are ` titillated and pampered by over 90 beautiful girls on stage and in .
private show ' .
it adds : ` diamond dolls full liquor bar will keep your .
thirst quenched from the minute you arrive .
on any given day or night .
you can relax with your favorite beverage served by our friendly , .
curvaceous bar staff .
' ` titilating ' : diamond dolls claims on its