a mother who police say is to blame for a crash that killed her daughter , nephew and four other people faces charges after she was pulled alive from the wreckage .
kathy douglas , 36 , is in serious condition along with her ten-year-old son after the accident , which happened when her suv crossed into oncoming traffic on a rural pennslyvania highway and hit a sedan killing its four occupants .
her daughter olivia , 12 , and her nephew jarrett costanzo were killed on impact in the rural north west of the state .
the investigating police officer told fox news that he believed douglas was at fault and expects her to face charges .
ms douglas is in critical condition at university of pittsburgh medical center hamot in erie .
her son was also seriously injured but is recovering at children 's hospital of pittsburgh .
three of the dead were not wearing seat belts , police said .
horrific : six people were killed on impact when the jeep liberty , left , crossed the center line and smashed head-on into the pontiac bonneville , right .
tragic : kathy douglas , the driver of the suv , survived .
her daughter olivia , 12 , was killed and her son , 10 , was badly injured .
the accident happened about 4.30 pm on saturday on u.s. route 219 in allegheny national forest when ms douglas ' jeep liberty drifted across the center line and slammed into an oncoming pontiac bonneville sedan .
all four occupants of the pontiac were killed on impact .
the victims are : driver , gary beimel , 62 , and passengers david cuneo , 54 , elaine beimel , 55 , and florence donachy , 81 .
all four were residents of st. marys , pennsylvania .
police do no know what caused ms douglas to veer into oncoming traffic on the highway .
ms douglas ' nephew , jarrett costanzo , 6 , was also killed .
pennsylvania state trooper roger mccloskey , said he believes douglas was at fault and will face some sort of charges .
' i have no idea yet , but the investigation is continuing , ' he said sunday .
the two dead children from ms douglas ' suv were identified as douglas ' 6-year-old nephew , jarrett costanzo , and