oscar pistorius yesterday appeared .
before a packed court and categorically denied murdering his model .
girlfriend , insisting he had been deeply in love with her .
the 26-year-old blade runner said he .
mistook reeva steenkamp for an intruder and shot her through the locked .
door of a toilet in his mansion home .
he said he thought she was in his bed .
when he opened fire .
` i kicked the door open , i tried to help her but .
she died in my arms , ' he said in his first account of what happened on .
the night 29-year-old law graduate miss steenkamp died .
scroll down for video .
account : pistorius claimed he mistook his girlfriend for a burglar and is back in court today to argue for bail .
compeling : in a statement read out to pretoria magistrates court , the paralympic athlete said he had been on the balcony of his house when he heard noises from the bathroom .
decision : the judge said he will consider downgrading the charge but the news brought pistorius to tears .
pistorius sobbed uncontrollably as .
barry roux , one of south africa 's leading defence lawyers , read the .
athlete 's statement to pretoria magistrate desmond nair , asking that he .
be allowed bail .
the hushed court also heard a .
statement from a close friend of miss steenkamp who said the model and .
law graduate had told her ` she would marry oscar pistorius if he asked .
her .
she said he was intense but she loved him ' .
he treated her ` like .
gold ' .
prosecutor gerrie nel painted a very .
different version of the events in the early hours of valentine 's day .
he said pistorius had shot his cowering girlfriend in cold blood .
` she .
could n't go anywhere , ' mr nel said .
` it must have been horrific .
' listening : his brother and sister were in court today .
the sportsman was accused of grabbing his gun and strapping on his prosthetic legs before walking seven metres and shooting dead the model .
stress : oscar pistorius 's father henke pistorius is comforted by a unidentified family member while another reacts to the statement read out during