there was a split second in the tunnel of brazil 's estadio da cidadania on sunday night that summed up perfectly the 90 minutes that had gone before .
six days out from their date with england in manaus , italy had overcome some defensive blips to destroy brazilian club side fluminense 5-3 and the italian press pack wanted one man -- ciro immobile .
little known outside italy , immobile has evoked memories of countryman toto schillaci , who burst on to the world stage at italia 90 and ended up with the golden boot .
potential : italy striker ciro immobile could emulate toto schillaci 's impact .
golden boot : schillaci was top scorer at italia '90 .
new kid on the block : mario balotelli was totally outshone by immobile as italy beat fluminese .
friendly and engaging and still .
buzzing after a hat-trick and two assists in his third appearance for .
italy , immobile held court and politely answered every question .
about .
three minutes in , mario balotelli came skulking down the same gangway , .
ignoring everyone .
as he walked behind the oblivious immobile , the .
azzurri 's no 1 striker moved in to flick the rookie 's ear -- and missed .
it was that kind of night , for them both .
while .
immobile was an all-action nuisance to fluminense 's backline for his .
stunning 60-minute cameo , balotelli 's half-hour was highlighted by him .
crumpling under a challenge and seeming to decide not to put too much .
more into the game .
limited : cesare prandelli 's italy squad are short on striking talent but immobile could offer another option .
to be .
fair , the contest was decided by that point , but it was emphatically .
decided by immobile -- and manager cesare prandelli must now consider him .
for saturday 's group d opener against england .
immobile .
said : ` i think i might have given him a dilemma .
but it is better for .
him to have a problem like this .
if he finds it appropriate that i play , .
i 'll be there to help for sure .
' prandelli .
added : ` clearly we have some healthy competition up front .
everyone has .
a chance .
whoever