tony blair is preparing a new push to re-enter british politics as he hires a new spin doctor to put a gloss on some of the criticism that has followed him since leaving number 10 .
the former prime minister ` has things to say ' and believes the time is right for him to make an impact on the home front after years in political exile .
mr blair 's is expected to launch his comeback as he appears on a joint platform with labour leader ed miliband in july at an event to celebrate the olympics .
his wife cherie is also due to attend , making it a rare public outing for the blairs together .
' i have things to say ' : tony blair wants to re-engage with british politics after amassing an estimated # 20million fortune since leaving office five years ago .
could the return of tony blair be good for british politics ?
could the return of tony blair be good for british politics ?
now share your opinion .
the ex-pm is understood to believe that .
enough time has passed for people to have forgotten the disastrous .
effect of the iraq war on his image and how he was humiliatingly forced .
from office by gordon brown .
the move to hire a public relations expert is proof that mr blair wants to be heard on a range of subjects .
the spin doctor will also attempt to portray mr blair 's cash schemes - such as charging up to # 300,000 for after-dinner speeches - in a more positive light .
in the latest accusation of greed , it was revealed in january that mr blair .
made millions of pounds last year but paid just a fraction of it in tax .
thanks to a complicated web of companies he has established .
prime minister david cameron , left , is understood to be in the sights of mr blair , who has been having regular chats with labour leader ed miliband , right , a great admirer of the politician turned businessman .
the former prime minister 's secretive .
business empire declared an income of # 12million .
but he was able to .
reduce his tax bill to just # 315,000 after writing off almost # 11million .
as ` administrative expenses ' --