by .
simon tomlinson .
published : .
04:17 est , 11 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
08:42 est , 11 february 2014 .
the captain of a replica 18th-century ship that sank in superstorm sandy made a reckless decision to sail the hms bounty into the hurricane 's well-forecast path , the national transportation safety board reported monday .
the three-masted wooden sailing ship sank about 125 miles southeast of cape hatteras in october 2012 as sandy churned up the atlantic seaboard .
the newly released ntsb report said captain robin walbridge 's ` reckless decision ' to sail into the storm subjected the aging vessel and its inexperienced crew to conditions they could n't surmount .
one member of the hms bounty 's 16-person crew died and walbridge was never found after the sinking off north carolina 's outer banks , an ocean expanse with a history of shipwrecks .
doomed : the shipwrecked hms bounty after it was sunk by superstorm sandy , a disaster which has been officially blamed on the captain in a report by the national transportation safety board .
all at sea : the newly released ntsb report said captain robin walbridge 's ` reckless decision ' to sail into the storm subjected the aging vessel and its inexperienced crew to conditions they could n't surmount .
three other crew members aboard the vessel - built for the 1962 film mutiny on the bounty starring marlon brando - were seriously injured .
` although this wooden ship was modelled after an 18th century vessel , the captain had access to 21st century hurricane modeling tools that predicted the path and severity of hurricane sandy , ' ntsb chairman deborah ap hersman said in a statement .
` the bounty 's crew was put into an extraordinarily hazardous situation through decisions that by any measure did n't prioritize safety .
' superstorm sandy was one of the most destructive storms in u.s. history .
although it had weakened to a post-tropical cyclone when it made landfall in new jersey , its enormous size pushed a catastrophic storm surge toward much of the heavily populated east coast .
` put crew in put into an extraordinarily hazardous situation ' : captain robin walbridge -lrb- pictured -rrb- was never found after the sinking off north carolina 's outer banks , an ocean expanse