kurt ludwigsen is facing 94 sex-related charges .
a women 's college softball coach who was fired from his job at a christian school in new york last month has been arrested and charged with nearly 100 sex-related offenses .
kurt ludwigsen , 43 , is accused of kissing , harassing and touching 13 of his players during his time at nyack college .
he is facing 44 counts of forcible touching of another 's sexual parts , 49 counts of harassment involving unwanted physical contact and one count of sexual abuse .
ludwigsen was hired by the school in september and police were told he started behaving inappropriately towards his players in october , the journal news reported .
south nyack-grand view police chief brent newbury said : ` the parents thought something inappropriate was going on with the coach .
` this is something we do n't normally expect to see at nyack college , or any college , but specifically nyack college because of its missionary background .
` while we 're fortunate nothing really really serious happened , this is bad enough .
' ludwigsen , who has children aged 15 and 12 , lives with his family in ridgewood , new jersey .
this would have been his first season as coach .
ludwigsen , 43 , is accused of kissing , harassing and touching 13 of his players during his time at nyack college .
after ludwigsen was hired , nyack 's athletics director said the school 's softball program was ` in good hands ' after the university of arizona graduate was hired to coach the lady warriors , nyack athletics director keith davie said : ` we are very excited to add kurt to the athletics staff of nyack college .
` the softball program is in good hands and we are excited about the direction that coach ludwigsen will be going .
` the lady warriors softball program will become a solid competitor in the central atlantic collegiate conference in a very short time .
' the fired coach is being held on $ 15,000 bail in rockland county jail and will appear in court on monday .
the career coach has more than 20 years of experience .
in an introductory video made after his hiring , ludwigsen said : ` i 'm looking forward to learning about all of