new york knicks ceo james dolan has sent a scathing response to a fan 's email branding him an ` alcoholic ' and claiming : ` you most likely have made your family miserable .
' the extraordinary message was sent to irving bierman , the father of filmmaker aaron bierman , after the lifelong knicks supporter wrote to the businessman to criticize his handling of the basketball team .
in the email obtained by deadspin , dated january 23 , dolan also labels the fan a ` hateful mess ' and adds : ` start rooting for the nets because the knicks do n't want you .
' scathing reply : new york knicks ceo james dolan -lrb- above -rrb- responded to a fan 's angry email by branding him an ` alcoholic ' and claiming : ` you most likely have made your family miserable .
' dolan has seen his side display miserable form this season and was pictured looking dejected courtside at madison square garden on tuesday night as his team lost to the boston celtics .
they are currently bottom of the atlantic division with a woeful record of 10 wins and 41 defeats .
as images of the ceo slumped in his seat circulated online , some suggested dolan had fallen asleep while watching his lowly team flop to defeat .
the poor performances are wearing thin with fans - particularly irving bierman , whose son aaron directed the movie the jack ryan story in 2009 .
mr bierman wrote to dolan claiming he was ` utterly embarrassed ' by the cablevision boss 's dealings with the knicks .
under fire : dolan has seen his side display miserable form this season and was pictured looking dejected courtside at madison square garden on tuesday night as his team lost to the boston celtics .
he added : ` sell them so their fans can at least look forward to growing them in a positive direction obviously , money is not the only thing .
` you have done a lot of utterly stupid business things with the franchise .
please no more .
respectfully , -lsb- aaron bierman 's dad -rsb- .
' in dolan 's frank reply he also wrote : ` you are a sad person .
why would anybody write such a hateful letter .
i am just guessing but ill