almost all galaxies are known to have a single supermassive black hole at their heart .
but scientists have now found that one galaxy actually has three , and it could be a precursor to more such galaxies being discovered .
the discovery could also help astronomers in the search for gravitational waves - the ` ripples in spacetime ' predicted by einstein .
astronomers have discovered three closely orbiting supermassive black holes in a galaxy more than 4 billion light years away .
illustrated here are helix-shaped jets from one supermassive black hole caused by its very closely orbiting companion , while the third black hole emits relatively straight jets due to its distance .
scientists view the the universe as being made up of a ` fabric of space-time ' .
this corresponds to einstein 's general theory of relativity which was published 1916 .
objects in the .
universe bend this fabric , and more massive objects bend it more .
gravitational waves are considered ripples in this fabric .
they can be produced for instance , when black holes orbit each other or by the merging of galaxies .
gravitational waves are also thought to have been produced during the big bang .
the finding , published in nature , was made by an international team led by dr roger deane from the university of cape town .
they examined six systems thought to contain two supermassive black holes .
the team found that one of these called sdss j1502 +1115 over 4 billion light years away contained three supermassive black holes .
this is the tightest trio of black holes detected at such a large distance , with two of them orbiting each other at just 500 light years apart rather like binary stars .
the finding suggests that these closely-packed supermassive black holes - each with a mass between 1 million to 10 billion times that of the sun - are far more common than previously thought .
and the three supermassive black holes could also provide further observations of elusive gravitational waves .
this is the tightest trio of black holes known to date and is remarkable since most galaxies have just one , usually with a mass between 1 million to 10 billion times that of the sun , at their centre .
the discovery suggests that such closely packed supermassive black