an afghan man employed by the u.s. government opened fire inside a cia office in kabul , killing an american and injuring a second .
in the second major breach of embassy security in kabul , afghanistan , in two weeks , the attacker was himself shot dead and the injured u.s. citizen was taken to hospital with non-life threatening injuries .
it was unclear if the u.s. citizens were victims of a rogue employee acting for insurgents or the escalation of an argument between the three .
security breach : a u.s. citizen was killed and another injured after an afghan employee in a cia office in kabul opened fire last night .
u.s. embassy spokesman gavin sundwall said : ` there was a shooting incident at an annex of the u.s. embassy in kabul last night involving an afghan employee who was killed .
` the motivation for the attack is still under investigation at this time .
' he added that the afghan employee was not authorised to carry a weapon and it was unknown how he had been able to get a gun into the secured compound .
the shooting happened at the ariana hotel , just a few blocks away from the presidential palace and the u.s. embassy , and used by the central intelligence agency as a kabul base .
kabul police chief ayub salangi said there had been an exchange of fire at the hotel , which he described as an ` office ' for the cia .
high alert : afghan policemen fire at a building taken over by insurgents in kabul earlier this month .
the u.s. government blamed the haqqani network for the attack , which saw rockets fired at the u.s. embassy .
the hotel has been closed off and heavily guarded since the fall of the taliban government in late 2001 .
perhaps because of its proximity to the presidential palace , it was used by ruling regimes for years before that .
the attack comes in the same month insurgents took over an unfinished high-rise building near the city 's heavily guarded military , political and diplomatic heart and showered rockets down on the u.s. embassy and nato headquarters .
that attack lasted 20 hours , and the u.s. has blamed it on the haqqani network of militants , who were long based in pakistan 's lawless