the only way is skinny : the perpetually slimming towie girls billie faiers , lauren goodger and lydia bright bestelling omg diet , which makes a number of bizarre claims as to how to shed the pounds .
the claim the .
book 's title is inspired by the stars of the only way is essex and .
their obsession with competitive dieting .
author venice a. fulton urges .
readers to ` be skinnier than all your friends ' .
the science a british study of 2,000 women aged 18 to 45 found that 54 per cent said the first thing they noticed about another woman was her weight -- and they then compared themselves with her .
so playing on this competitive aspect is clever of fulton .
a us study in 2011 said our food choices are affected by our friends and if we hang out with ` skinny ' women , we are more likely to be slim too .
expert says ` six weeks to omg is a catchy slogan that attracts the facebook generation , ' says donovan pyle , cognitive behavioural therapist at the insight network .
` the quirky advice has a novelty factor and the six weeks angle appeals to our love of a quick fix .
the competition of `` get skinnier than all your friends '' can be motivating but i 'd hate to think the book encourages girls to focus on being skinny rather than healthy .
' verdict ditch it .
the claim ` no carbs before .
marbs , ' as they say in towie .
fulton claims that if you want to be .
slim , you must aim for no more than 120 grams of carbohydrate a day .
it .
makes no difference if you get all of your carbs from cans of coke or .
plates of broccoli , says the book .
the science despite the sensational comparison of broccoli to coke , fulton is not saying broccoli is bad -- just that we need to limit our carbohydrate intake and make every meal half-protein if we want to stay slim .
a 2008 study involving more than 1,000 overweight adults found those on high protein and low glycaemic index -lrb- slow-burning carbs -rrb- diets had more successful maintenance of weight loss than those on low-fat , low-calorie diets .
another