to get in touch with martin , leave your comments below or send your tweets to @mailsport using #tacklekeown .
sportsmail columnist martin keown answered your questions after an entertaining week in the champions league and the fa cup .
chelsea were knocked out by psg on wednesday night , with subjects ranging from the referee 's performance , zlatan ibrahimovic 's comments on the blues being ` babies ' , david luiz 's return and whether the premier league is still the best in the world .
also , arsenal overcame their old trafford hoo-doo to beat manchester united on monday night , and the former gunners legend was at the game .
but what was that ` money ' sign to arsene wenger all about ?
you can read all the answers below .
host commentator .
it 's certainly a good way to sum it up .
if you think about how you 'd react in that situation , he did n't know whether to laugh or be angry .
he probably thought the referee had got it so wrong , and everyone could see it , that he 'd get off the hook .
the controlled reaction of the chelsea players was definitely a factor in the red card .
many years ago , when i was playing under george graham against united , he accused us of being too nice during half-time .
he said we had to get around the referee as they were influencing every decision .
from that day , i contested every decision , almost giving the referee a running commentary .
i would often say , ` who 's in charge , them or you ?
' .
there 's nothing worse for a referee to hear .
i appreciated why people do n't like to see it , but as well as influencing the referee , it makes you fight and compete for everything .
it makes you more alive and puts your receptors on red alert .
it 's like a game within a game , and believe me , it works .
niall came into the game quite late .
as a youngster he did his a-levels and his club reading helped him through .
just recently he 's turned a huge corner , particularly since steve clarke was appointed and started involving him in first-team training