by .
mark duell .
updated : .
23:32 est , 23 june 2011 .
it may have only been a simple kiss - but it 's propelling this couple to international stardom .
now the young lovers pictured kissing on the streets of vancouver amid the chaos of the stanley cup hockey riots are cashing in on their intimate moment by employing celebrity agent max markson .
australian scott jones had originally said he did not want the stress of media appointments after images of him kissing canadian girlfriend alexandra thomas during the riots went around the world .
scroll down for video .
riots : the news of australian scott jones and his canadian girlfriend alexandra thomas , pictured bottom centre , attempting to cash on their intimate moment came as new amateur footage surfaced of their kiss .
hands up : the video shows the couple being knocked down by advancing riot police , before mr jones protects miss thomas from cops .
the news of their attempts to cash in came as new amateur video footage surfaced of the moments that led up to their kiss .
it shows the couple being knocked down by advancing riot police , before mr jones protects miss thomas from cops .
seconds later getty images photographer rich lam took the famous shot .
the photo , which was snapped as mr jones kissed his girlfriend to comfort her after they were knocked down , has created a global exposure for them that could be worth more than $ 10million .
` overseas people know more about that photo than the stanley cup , ' mr markson said .
his pr firm markson sparks has been hired by the couple , who are currently on holiday in california .
mr jones , 29 , is an actor and stand-up comedian , so the photo could give him a chance to make it in the entertainment industry .
before the photo was shot he mostly worked as a barman in vancouver .
embrace : .
the pair kiss against a backdrop of violence in vancouver after the bruins won the stanley cup .
young lovers : australian scott jones and his canadian girlfriend alexandra thomas want to cash in on their intimate moment and are employing celebrity agent max markson to help out .
` i think for scott it 's