nato have blamed bad maps for last month 's drone strike that killed 24 pakistani troops at a post close to the afghan border .
an investigation into the attack concluded that reliance on incorrect mapping information shared with the pakistani liaison officer resulted in a misunderstanding about the true location of pakistani military units .
' the us defence department said the investigation found us forces - given .
what information they had available to them at the time - reacted in .
self-defence and with appropriate force after being fired upon from the .
direction of the pakistani border .
this photo released by the pakistani military shows the pakistani border .
post struck by a cross-border nato air strike in the mohmand tribal .
district .
nato officials blamed ` bad mapping ' for the attack .
` friendly fire ' : the border post was still smouldering days later .
a nato spokesman said : ` the report says we recognise we made mistakes , and that mistakes were also made by the pakistanis .
` we have a lot of work to do to improve co-ordination , and we 've already implemented steps to do that .
' ` inadequate co-ordination by us and .
pakistani military officers operating through the border co-ordination .
centre - including our reliance on incorrect mapping information shared .
with the pakistani liaison officer - resulted in a misunderstanding .
about the true location of pakistani military units , ' said the .
statement .
casualties : pakistani army soldiers carry coffins containing bodies of their comrades killed in the airstrike on november 27 .
retaliation : pakistani authorities have closed-off nato 's supply routes in to afghanistan for the last 26 days .
pakistani prime minister yousuf raza gilani has suggested the country 's military is plotting a coup d'état .
tension between the civilian government and the army intensified this week after news leaked of a secret memo sent to washington asking for help in averting a supposed military coup .
the supreme court has begun a hearing into the scandal , which has already forced pakistan 's ambassador to the us to resign and also threatens the president .
the crisis comes as pakistan faces a violent taliban insurgency , a failing economy and severe tension with its most important ally , the united states ,