as death-defying stunts go , hurling yourself off a 60-foot high platform on the back of the horse into just 12 feet of water must surely be up there with one of the most insane .
but back in 1920s atlantic city , launching a horse off a platform almost twice the height of a 10 metre olympic diving board was a daily occurrence .
what 's more , the ability to do it well could win you fame .
scroll down for video .
unbelievable : the horses plummeted off 40 or 60 foot high platforms into 12 feet of water .
death-defying : the stunt had gained popularity in the state circuses which traveled america .
star attraction : but it was when it arrived in atlantic city in the late 1920s that the stunt really took off .
the amazing act was just one of the shows on offer at atlantic city 's steel pier , which opened in 1898 and was once america 's most famous amusement attraction .
diving horse arrived on the pier in the 1920s , having become a fixture of travelling circuses previously .
it would go on to become the star attraction at steel pier , with crowds gathering to marvel at the dangerous feat as the horse flew off the end of 40 and 60 foot platforms .
annette french , who dove horses from 1928 until 1935 , throwing herself off the platform two to six times a day , told the new york times in 2008 : ` we were the stars of the boardwalk .
` everybody had to see the diving horse .
that was what everybody remembered .
` we were a class act .
' glamorous : the rider would don a swimming costume before jumping the horse off the platform .
safe : those who dove horses maintain it was safe - with only a few broken bones a year .
well-kept : horse diver annette french said the animals ` lived the life of riley ' and it was not cruel .
mrs french 's sister sonora webster carver was arguably the best-known of the horse divers , whose story was immortalized in the 1991 disney film wild hearts ca n't be broken .
she took her first dive aged just 15 , in 1923 , and became one of the best