by .
louise boyle and daniel miller .
updated : .
03:48 est , 1 february 2013 .
the nypd sergeant who allegedly forced her subordinate to have sex with her or face a bad schedule now sensationally claimed the sex was consensual and that the officer took his own life when she cut off the relationship .
sources told dnainfo.com that sgt. christine hirtzel , who is accused of making unwanted advances against officer matthew schindler , claims that their affair was consensual .
she further added that schindler threatened to kill himself when she broke up with him , the source claimed .
allegations : gina schlinder has filed a lawsuit that claims that her husband matthew -lrb- right -rrb- committed suicide last year because he was under pressure for sex from his female boss .
hirtzel , who is married with two children , told nypd investigators that officer matthew schindler was devastated that she would call things off , the sources said .
the source added that schindler told hirtzel that if he could n't have her , he was going to take his own life and drove off .
knowing that something needed to be done , hirtzel then reported the affair to her commanding officer , the sources said .
sources further added that hirtzel was cleared of any charges , despite the alleged relationship with schindler , who fatally shot himself on the side of the long island expressway on february 13 , 2012 .
schindler 's widow , gina schindler , filed a lawsuit against the nypd , the city , and hirtzel , claiming that her late husband was forced into having the affair with his superior officer or face the prospect of a bad schedule .
the lawsuit , which was filed earlier this week , alleged that the reason the veteran police officer committed suicide was because he was forced to have sex with a female boss in order not to be punished by workload and scheduling .
officer matthew schindler , 39 , shot himself on february 13 last year after pulling onto the side of the long island expressway , new york on his way home from work .
his widow gina schindler has claimed that her husband was driven to his death because his boss sgt christine hirtzel forced him into an affair from which `