by .
dan bloom .
it 's not the sort of smash and grab most people expect at a bank .
firefighters were forced to shatter the front of a crowded financial institution in china after a five-year-old boy got his fingers trapped in its glass door .
dozens of people gathered and one filmed the drama as the boy screamed and cried , before being carried away by his distraught mother .
scroll down for video .
smash and grab : firefighters had to shatter a glass bank frontage to free a boy aged five in eastern china .
distraught : the boy was protected with a heavy fireman 's jacket as the glass was smashed , leaving him unhurt .
cctv captured the moment on saturday when the boy got his fingers stuck .
another child was swinging the heavy door back and forth when the unnamed child put his hand in its hinges .
a crowd of adults gathered within seconds around the boy as he cried in pain , but despite their efforts they were unable to free him .
with a guard around the door to make sure no one opened it , a crowd quickly gathered as firefighters arrived on the scene in anhui province , eastern china .
unable to free the boy , the rescuers sheltered him with a heavy firefighter 's jacket and used a pickaxe to smash the glass .
fortunately he suffered no serious injury apart from three swollen fingers .
caught on film : cctv captured the moment the boy got his fingers stuck as another child left the door swinging .
saved : fortunately the five-year-old boy suffered no serious injury apart from three swollen fingers .
it came as a curious woman had to be rescued by firemen in china after she became stuck between two giant rocks - because she wanted to try and sneak through the tiny gap .
in a less extreme version of the scenario which inspired the film 127 hours , the woman became wedged between the boulders in the popular tourist city of mudanjiang , northeast china .
the film was based on the ordeal of real-life canyoneer aron ralston , whose arm became trapped in a crevice in blue john canyon , utah , in april 2003 .