more than 1,000 migrants have been saved after they attempted to cross the mediterranean in the last 24 hours before christmas .
five of the desperate refugees died as they attempted the deadly crossing from africa to europe .
italian authorities said they had rescued a total of 1,026 survivors during several missions by the country 's navy in the strait of sicily in the last 24 hours .
scroll down for video .
an italian navy vessel is seen packed with refugees after more than 1,000 migrants were saved from the mediterranean in the last 24 hours .
five migrants died trying to make the dangerous journey .
the narrow yet treacherous route between libya and the italian island of sicily has claimed thousands of lives .
one of the dead was brought onto the navy 's etna vessel by a merchant ship from malta , while the other four were taken onto the orione patrol boat from a cypriot vessel .
the italian navy said etna had rescued 363 survivors from the waters , the orione 440 and another vessel , the driade , saved 223 people .
italian authorities said they had rescued a total of 1,026 survivors during several missions by the country 's navy in the strait of sicily in the last 24 hours .
five of the desperate refugees died as they attempted the deadly crossing from africa to europe .
earlier this month the un refugee agency , unhcr , estimated that 3,419 migrants had died while attempting to cross the mediterranean to reach europe since january 1 , making it the deadliest sea route for migrants .
most of the 207,000 who attempted to seek asylum or emigrate through making the perilous crossing were from syria or eritrea .
many of them had left libya bound for italy and malta , and were either looking for work or seeking asylum in europe .
italy 's mare nostrum search-and-rescue operation ended this autumn after other eu members refused to help fund it .
earlier this month the un refugee agency , unhcr , estimated that 3,419 migrants had died while attempting to cross the mediterranean to reach europe since january 1 .
one of the dead was brought onto the navy 's etna vessel by a merchant ship from malta , while the other four were taken onto the orione patrol boat from