a former penthouse pet accused of smuggling the drug ` ice ' into australia has broken down in court while detailing her former addiction and a suicide attempt .
at a sentence hearing at sydney 's district court on tuesday , simone farrow said her mother told her when she was a teenager it was ok to be a prostitute .
the 39-year-old , who is also known as simone cheung and by her professional name simone starr , was arrested in october 2009 by australian federal police on her return from the united states .
scroll down for video .
former penthouse pet simone farrow -lrb- pictured -rrb- has broken down in court after revealing her extreme addiction to the drug ` ice ' it is alleged farrow smuggled methylamphetamine inside bath products and ` large sums ' had been transferred into her bank account .
farrow said she abused prescription drugs and smoked ice daily while in the us .
' i could n't basically function unless i smoked it , ' she said .
the former model became emotional while describing her childhood , saying her mother used to lock her in a room and alleged she had taken her to a brothel when she was 17 and told her ` it was okay to do that work ' .
when she was 20 , farrow said she worked at an escort agency .
while at the business she claimed a man whom she ` gave all my money to ' , held her by her feet over the edge of an apartment at rushcutters bay in sydney 's east .
given her mother 's lifestyle , which allegedly involved bouncing between partners and taking drugs , farrow said she thought she believed she was ' a mistake ' .
' i do n't have any brothers and sisters , ' she said .
farrow , who suffers from a range of mental health issues , including bipolar and depression , said she 's proud of being drug free for the two years and seven months she 's spent in custody .
the 39-year-old , who is also known as simone cheung and by her professional name simone starr , was arrested in october 2009 by australian federal police on her return from the united states .
on september 13 , 2013 , farrow pleaded guilty to