ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats .
here is all the information you need for chelsea 's home clash with newcastle ... chelsea vs newcastle united -lrb- stamford bridge -rrb- .
team news .
chelsea .
john terry , eden hazard and cesc fabregas are expected to return for chelsea 's barclays premier league clash with newcastle on saturday .
the trio were rested from the squad that defeated watford in the fa cup on sunday but will face the magpies at stamford bridge .
eden hazard -lrb- centre -rrb- trains on friday ahead of chelsea ' clash with newcastle at stamford bridge .
thibaut courtois is likely to return in goal after petr cech was given an outing against watford .
provisional squad : courtois , cech , ivanovic , luis , fabregas , zouma , ake , ramires , oscar , hazard , drogba , mikel , schurrle , salah , remy , costa , matic , willian , cahill , terry , azpilicueta .
newcastle .
newcastle goalkeeper tim krul is set to return for his side 's premier league trip to chelsea on saturday .
the dutchman has been out injured since november but came through a behind-closed-doors friendly against celtic on thursday and is set to replace jak alnwick in caretaker-boss john carver 's line-up .
tim krul -lrb- above -rrb- is back in action after appearing in a behind-closed-doors friendly against celtic on thursday and is set to return to the newcastle first team at chelsea in place of rookie jak alnwick .
carver will bring back his big guns including moussa sissoko , daryl janmaat , fabricio coloccini and jack colback , all of whom were controversially omitted from last week 's fa cup defeat at leicester .
papiss cisse and cheick tiote are on africa cup of nations duty .
provisional squad : krul , woodman , janmaat , dummett , santon , williamson , coloccini , streete , haidara , anita , sissoko , cabella , colback , gouffran , gutierrez , riviere , perez , armstrong .
kick-off : saturday 3pm .
odds -lrb- subject to change -rrb- : .
chelsea 1/5 .
draw 6/1 .
newcastle 14/1 .
referee