james haskell accepts england should be toppling the southern hemisphere giants and takes no pride in being ` plucky runners-up ' .
successive defeats by new zealand and south africa have elevated the remaining two qbe internationals against samoa and australia into matches that stuart lancaster 's under-pressure team dare not lose .
haskell is set to win his 51st cap at twickenham on saturday as one of the changes lancaster is expected to make , and while he remembers a time when three-point defeats to the all blacks and springboks were tolerable , he insists those days are now long gone .
england star james haskell admits stuart lancaster 's side should be beating southern hemisphere giants .
england 's players look deflated after losing to south africa at twickenham on saturday .
wasps flanker haskell looks set to earn a recall to the england back row against the samoans .
bath fly half george ford looks set to start at number 10 on saturday with owen farrell moving to centre .
northampton saints centre luther burrell -lrb- centre -rrb- looks fresh in training at pennyhill park on training .
billy twelvetrees has found himself out of favour with england despite featuring heavily last season .
' i have been involved with england when we were getting beaten heavily by these sides and when a narrow loss would have been acceptable , ' haskell said .
` but this side has now developed to a point where we have beaten the world champions and where we ultimately should be beating these teams and be right up there .
` it 's very easy to see us as plucky runners-up , but not one person in this entire environment has ever said that is the case .
` no one is satisfied to only be pushing those teams close .
we realise we want to be beating them , we should be beating them and we are doing all the things in our power to make that happen .
` as players we are our own biggest critics .
i do n't really read the papers because i know what i have done wrong .
i do n't need a mark out of 10 to tell me i have done something wrong .
' south africa 's jan serfontein celebrates on his way to scoring the opening try against england