by .
daily mail reporter and associated press .
published : .
09:12 est , 5 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:36 est , 8 march 2013 .
the obama administration today dismissed a threat by north korea and warned that u.s. is ` fully capable ' of defending itself from a ballistic missile attack by the communist regime .
white house spokesman jay carney was responding to the north 's vow to launch a nuclear strike against america .
north korea state media warned of a ` thermonuclear war ' as an unidentified spokesman for .
pyongyang 's foreign ministry said the north will exercise its right for .
` pre-emptive nuclear strikes on the headquarters of the aggressors .
' scroll down for video .
show of strength : a mass rally of citizens and soldiers was held in the north .
korean capital pyongyang today after the regime threatened a .
` pre-emptive ' nuclear strike against the u.s. .
that threat came in retaliation for tough new u.n. sanctions against pyongyang following its recent nuclear test .
carney says the sanctions further isolate north korea and show its leaders what will happen if they defy the international community .
he said the breadth and severity of the sanctions show the world takes seriously the threat of north korea 's nuclear program .
north korea boasts of nuclear bombs but is n't thought to have the ability to produce a warhead that could be used on a missile capable of reaching the u.s. .
in response to north korea 's third nuclear test on february 3 , the u.n. security council voted to tighten financial restrictions on pyongyang and crack down on its attempts to ship and receive banned cargo .
the u.s.-drafted resolution , which .
was approved unanimously by the 15-nation council , was the product of .
three weeks of negotiations between the u.s. and china after north .
korea 's nuclear test on february 12 .
u.n. secretary-general ban ki-moon , a former south korean foreign minister , .
said the resolution ` sent an unequivocal message to -lsb- north korea -rsb- that .
the international community will not tolerate its pursuit of nuclear .
weapons .
' threat : kim jong-un claps at the launch of the unha-3 rocket .
north korea vowed to launch a .
pre-emptive nuclear