women spend two hours 45 minutes on a single shopping trip .
christmas shop soon turns to outfit buying - and average female tries on three items of clothing or shoes before purchasing .
# 2.1 billion of unworn women 's clothes hanging in british wardrobes .
by .
bianca london .
published : .
07:32 est , 10 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
07:32 est , 10 december 2012 .
for many men december is the worst time of year because it means one thing : christmas shopping .
and this christmas , britain 's 12 million married men will waste up to 193 years of precious time if they decide to join spouses on shopping trips , waiting diligently outside changing rooms as wives turn the christmas shop into an opportunity to treat themselves to some new clothes or shoes .
and according to the latest survey , an average woman takes one hour and 41 minutes to make up their mind before buying a pair of shoes or item of clothing .
wasted time : britain 's 12 million married men will waste up to 193 years of precious time if they decide to join spouses on shopping trips .
in december that equates to 1.7 million hours of so-called lost football time -lrb- lft -rrb- or 1.2 million 90-minute football matches .
with the busiest shopping day of the year forecast for 23 december , the survey calculated that 60,000 man hours will be lost by bored , bag-carrying men that day .
if men think it is bad enough joining their other halves on just one shopping trip a month , spare a thought for the partners of the fifth of women who admit they shop for clothes twice a month .
and it appears that the fruits of men 's labours go to waste anyway , as more than half of women admit to .
never wearing an average of six items of clothing and three pairs of .
shoes that are in their wardrobes .
lost football time : in december men will lose 1.7 million hours of football time .
that equates to a whopping 87 million items of clothing remaining unworn in the wardrobes of britain 's 28.5 million women .
the average purchase price of women 's clothing is # 25 , which means an eye watering