bernie madoff 's last surviving son , who died last week , left his $ 16 million fortune to both his estranged wife and his newer fiancee , manhattan court documents revealed thursday .
the will of andrew madoff , who succumbed to cancer last wednesday , provides that his legal wife deborah west will get one third of his assets while caroline hooper -- whom he described as a ` fiancee ' -- will get $ 50,000 per month through a trust .
the 48-year-old financier also provided trusts for his two children , who 'll also receive all madoff 's personal property .
scroll down for video .
revealed : the late andrew madoff left his fiancee catherine hooper a trust of $ 50,000 per month in the bernie madoff 's son 's will revealed thursday .
everyone gets a piece : andrew madoff 's estranged wife deborah west -lrb- right -rrb- was left one-third of the millionaire financier 's estate .
their children , including daughter emily madoff -lrb- left -rrb- will receive trusts and all of madoff 's personal property .
' i request my executor to pay to catherine hooper , so long as she is living , the sum of $ 50,000 on the first day of each month , commencing 30 days after the admission of this will to probate , for her support until the administration of my estate is completed , ' reads the july 8 will , obtained by the new york daily news .
for those who know the back-story between madoff and his wife west , her inclusion in the will may come as a surprise .
west , the mother of madoff 's children and his wife at the time for around 16 years , filed for divorce the same day her father-in-law was arrested in december 2008 .
hooper moved in with andy just three days after the senior madoff 's arrest .
it was all too much : andrew madoff suffered from multiple bouts with a rare lymphoma and after an initial remission , he would blame his father for the cancer 's return .
andrew madoff and his brother , mark madoff , worked on the legitimate trading side of their father 's manhattan firm , two floors removed from the private investment business where bernard madoff carried out his $ 65 billion ponzi