by .
travelmail reporter .
a bog in birmingham might not be the most obvious choice for a beauty spot but it is one of the unexpected delights listed in the new top 50 most inspiring hidden urban gems in the uk .
alongside the bog , other secret top spots included are a former custard factory , a concrete tower block and a brewery .
the unusual list has been created in a bid to reconnect people with their home cities and discover new places of inspiration .
life on the water : houseboats in little venice on the regent 's canal , london make the top 50 .
brewing up a storm : the centre for contemporary art and learning in the hq of the former tetley brewery makes the grade .
blue green dream : the science garden outside the think tank science museum at millennium point , birmingham .
research shows 87 per cent of people admit not taking advantage of what is around them in their home town or city , with a further 43 per cent acknowledging they are missing out on what their cities have to offer .
in response to the study , american express compile the list of hidden gems in .
partnership with a collective of some of the nation 's most influential .
bloggers and their communities .
melissa weber at american express said : ` the cities we live in are brimming with potential , but we only appreciate a fraction of what they have to offer .
` that 's why we 've called on people to share their personal places , hideaways and havens in the city to create maps of the uk 's most inspirational spaces , so that everyone can discover something new to love about their city .
' hidden gem : mosely bog is said to have inspired j r tolkien 's vision of the lord of the rings trilogy .
glasgow 's quirky street art : a mural of a man hailing a taxi suspended from balloons in mitchell street is one of many in glasgow city centre .
tranquil and beautiful : kyoto garden in holland park , london is another top tip .
1 moseley bog , birmingham - an often forgotten nature reserve , it is .
said to have inspired j r tolkien 's vision for the