democrats in washington are either indestructible or in denial , with high-profile left-wingers insisting they wo n't lose control of the u.s. senate to republicans on tuesday .
vice president joe biden said monday that he is sure it is n't going to happen .
' i predict we 're gon na -- we 're gon na keep the senate , ' he told a cnn interviewer .
` i 've been in 66 , 67 races all told , and i do n't get the feeling that the oddsmakers are getting .
' prognosticators everywhere from right-wing websites to the left-leaning washington post -- which puts the odds of a republican takeover at a whopping 96 per cent -- say he 's not merely suffering a cassandra complex , doomed to be ever-correct but never believed .
his boss , barack obama , is on his side .
scroll down for video .
team player : vice president joe biden -lrb- left -rrb- predicts the democrats will hold on to control of the us senate despite polls showing their chances are slim to none .
ground game : dnc chairwoman rep. debbie wasserman schultz -lrb- in purple -rrb- insists that her party wo n't give up the senate gavel to the gop -- ` we 're going to hold the senate , ' she says .
asked if the president shares biden 's optimism , white house press secretary josh earnest told reporters on monday that ` he does .
' obama , he said , believes voters will remain focused on the need to ` be supportive of a candidate who is fighting for policies that benefit middle-class families .
' earnest went further , predicting that democrats would do the better job getting voters to the polls , ` backed by a tried-and-true ground campaign strategy that , in the context of a very close race , could provide the two - or three-vote margin that could eventually make up the difference .
' last week he insisted that the white house remained ` confident , ' saying that the president 's progressive policy vision is ` in the best interest of the country .
' ` many democratic candidates have been able to apply the lessons learned from the success of the obama campaign in 2012 to benefit their own campaigns , ' he cautioned ,