the staggering scale of britain 's foreign criminal population is exposed today .
there are more than 700 murderers and 500 rapists among nearly 12,000 foreign offenders in this country , figures show .
for the first time , the home office has published a detailed breakdown of the offences and nationality of every criminal from around the world , who is currently on its books having been convicted of offences in this country .
scroll down for video .
in total , nearly one in six has been found guilty of an offence categorised as ` most serious ' -- including murder , rape , terrorism and sex offences against children .
murderers and rapists alone make up more than one in ten of the total .
the nationality breakdown shows britain hosts a ` united nations of crime ' , with offenders from 177 different countries .
it shows there are more jamaican criminals here than any other nationality -- a total of 1,026 -- or around 2 per cent of the entire jamaican population in the uk .
second on the list is nigeria , followed by poland and somalia .
the top ten countries alone account for more than 5,500 criminals .
the figures were uncovered by labour 's immigration spokesman david hanson using a question tabled in parliament .
he told the mail : ` foreign criminals have no place in britain and there is no excuse for ministers not deporting them as early as possible .
among the group of foreign criminals living in britain there are more than 700 murderers , 500 rapists , 155 child rapists and 228 paedophiles .
` yet under this government fewer are being removed and it 's taking longer ; labour has clear plans for making it easier to deport foreign criminals but theresa may still wo n't get a grip and remove people who should n't be here .
' but tory mp michael ellis , a member of the home affairs select committee said : ` the hypocrisy from labour is nauseating .
it was the previous labour government 's ramshackle immigration arrangements that facilitated entry of many of these individuals in the first place .
` and the human rights act created an imbalance in favour of foreign criminals which we are having to correct .
' the full list , entitled the foreign