reforms : michael gove announced changes to gcse exams aiming to put the focus back on academic rigour and one-off exams .
the biggest shake-up in school exams for a generation will see discredited gcses scrapped and replaced with english baccalaureate certificates .
a return to end-of-course exams in traditional academic subjects and the slashing of coursework and resits will ` restore rigour ' to the education system , michael gove said yesterday .
the education secretary also announced tough core ebc courses which will be taught from 2015 , with the first exams sat two years later .
students will be awarded a full english baccalaureate if they succeed in six core subjects : english , maths , two sciences -- from physics , biology and chemistry -- a language and geography or history .
the gcse brand could be scrapped altogether in 2016 to make a clean break with a system first introduced in 1988 .
a single exam board will preside over each subject , bringing an end to competition which mr gove said had encouraged a ` corrupt effort to massage up pass rates ' .
announcing the reforms in the commons , he said : ` it is time for the race to the bottom to end .
it is time to tackle grade inflation and dumbing down .
it is time to raise aspirations .
' ` after years of drift , decline and dumbing down , at last we are reforming our examination system to compete with the world 's best .
' the aim of mr gove 's reforms is to restore o-level-style rigour in a bid to halt the nation 's slide down the international schools league tables .
however his ambition to fully replicate the o-level system , in which only the brightest sat the toughest exam , has been shelved following opposition from nick clegg .
the deputy prime minister 's .
intervention also delayed the reforms by a year , raising fears labour .
could try to save gcses if the party wins the next election .
but .
education sources last night said the reforms were ` unstoppable ' .
mr gove also revealed less able pupils would be offered the chance to take the new ebc exams at 17 or 18 instead of 16 .
catch up : the new exams are more rigorous and top