by .
meghan keneally and daily mail reporter .
published : .
22:31 est , 16 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
00:39 est , 17 august 2013 .
even as san diego county sheriff 's department has ramped up its investigation into the kidnapping of hannah anderson , which so far has yielded extensive communication between the 16-year-old and her abductor , officials empathized friday that the teen is considered a victim .
search warrants made public earlier this week showed that anderson 's letters to joe dimaggio - the man suspected to murdering her mother and brother before abducting her - were found at his burned home .
on friday , sheriff 's spokeswoman jan caldwell reiterated previous statements made by sheriff bill gore , who unequivocally said that hannah ` was not a willing participant .
' scroll down for video .
hannah anderson was spotted sneaking into a fundraiser being held for her dead relatives on thursday .
make way : the 16-year-old was ushered into a back door of the lakeside , california restaurant where community members had gathered to help raise money for funeral costs .
suddenly silent : hannah did not speak on thursday and she has set all of her social media accounts to private .
` as sheriff gore said earlier in the week , hannah is a victim in every sense of the word , ' caldwell said in an email to the los angeles times .
` our follow-up investigation has not changed that sentence .
' on thursday , anderson stepped out in public for the first time since she was rescued by federal agents less than a week ago .
the .
16-year-old wore sunglasses , a blue top and short jean shorts as she .
attended a fundraiser with friends and supporters in lakeside , .
california less than a week after her ordeal ended .
it .
comes as questions remain over what exactly happened when she was .
kidnapped by james ` uncle jim ' dimaggio , a family friend who killed her .
mother and 8-year-old brother before abducting her and taking her to .
idaho where fbi officers shot him dead .
many .
questions remain about the timeline of events on the day when christina .
and ethan anderson were killed : why did hannah exchange 13 calls with