a toddler has died after she was hit by a bt van in a residential cul-de-sac while she was being looked after by a family friend .
poppy boothroyd , just 21 months old , had wandered into the road but tragically the van driver failed to see her while he was reversing .
neighbours in the close-knit cul-de-sac of modern town houses rushed out to try and help after hearing screaming .
loved : poppy was described by her parents as an ` amazing little girl ' knocked down : the 21-month-old toddler had wandered into the road of a cul-de-sac and the driver failed to see her .
flowers are pictured at the scene .
one neighbour even carried out cpr on the toddler in a brave effort to save the little girl 's life .
but after being taken to hospital , the much-loved baby was pronounced dead .
poppy 's distraught parents , melissa mckay and jordan boothroyd , said in a statement : ` poppy was just poppy .
she was our amazing little girl , our perfect little angel .
' poppy , who lived with her mum in almondbury , huddersfield , west yorkshire , was being looked after by a family friend jessica mcdonagh on wednesday afternoon .
the tragedy happened in st james way , in the rawthorpe area of the town .
miss mcdonagh is thought to have been taking poppy to a local shop when the little girl wandered into the road and was hit by the reversing ford transit bt van at 2.24 pm .
tragedy : poppy boothroyd died after being hit by a reversing bt van in huddersfield .
grief : a large floral tribute has been left at the scene of the accident in st james way , huddersfield .
neighbours in the close-knit cul-de-sac of modern town houses rushed out to try and help after hearing screaming and the emergency services were called .
in .
the family statement her parents said : ` we are all heartbroken that she has .
been taken from us in such tragic circumstances .
` she was a little star and we will never forget her .
' a relative of mrs mcdonagh , who asked not to be named , said : ` it all happened so fast .
` jessica had poppy for the day