by .
louise boyle .
published : .
11:10 est , 27 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:04 est , 27 march 2013 .
a former male teacher at the elite miss porter 's school has been charged with sexual assault after alleged inappropriate contact with a female student .
joseph prem rajkumar , 42 , was arrested on monday and charged with two counts of second-degree sexual assault and one count of fourth-degree sexual assault in connection with one student .
it is unclear if others were involved .
miss porter 's is a girls-only , college preparatory school in farmington , connecticut where tuition costs up to $ 52,000 a year .
alumnae include first lady jacqueline kennedy , heiress gloria vanderbilt and socialite lilly pulitzer .
` taking advantage ' : physics teacher joseph prem rajkumar , 42 , was charged with sexual assault on monday after he allegedly had inappropriate contact with a girl at miss porter 's school in farmington , connecticut .
privileged : the elite miss porter 's school in connecticut is a private boarding and day school for girls where tuition costs up to $ 52,000 each year .
the physics teacher and track coach was arraigned on .
tuesday at the superior court in hartford .
bail was set at half a million .
dollars and he remains in custody until his next court appearance which has been scheduled for april 9 .
according to the police report , the charge relates to a school employee who has engaged in sexual conduct with a student .
police have refused to reveal details about the nature of rajkumar 's arrest as the investigation is ongoing .
the offenses allegedly took place in may 2010 , december 2011 and february last year .
in a statement to mailonline , miss porter 's school said that joseph rajkumar had been employed as a science teacher from august 2009 until march 4 this year .
american dreams : the social elite including a future first lady jacqueline bouvier -lrb- pictured at the school in january 1947 -rrb- attended miss porter 's .
famous alumna : heiress gloria vanderbilt , pictured in 1937 , also attended miss porter 's preparatory school .
miss porter 's day and boarding school .
was established in 1843 and is a small , private establishment with 306