capturing stunning photos lit with the perfect lighting is hard enough when you 're holding the camera , let alone when you 're controlling it remotely via a drone .
with this in mind , photo-sharing site dronestagram wanted to reward the photography skills of drone enthusiasts with its first aerial photo contest .
judges and sponsors , including national geographic and gopro , have now selected the winners - and first prize went to a magnificent aerial shot of an eagle soaring over a national park in indonesia .
the contest was run by dronestagram and first prize went to dendi pratam for his image of an eagle soaring over bali barat national park -lrb- pictured -rrb- in indonesia .
dronestagram is a photo-sharing site that geographically tags images taken by drones around the world .
judges and sponsors included national geographic and gopro .
` picking winners was a very difficult task especially because of the great quality of the photos that have been submitted , ' explained the site .
` we tried to reward the photos that show the fantastic potential offered by drones in terms of image .
it 's been an amazing first edition with many photos entered from everywhere in the world .
' judge 's choice award .
1st prize : capungaero - eagle soaring over bali barat national park .
2nd prize : jericsaniel - park in manila .
3rd prize : drone-cs - sunset over annect , francemost liked community award .
1st prize : postandfly - tamul waterfall , mexico .
2nd prize : jams69 - sanary sur mer .
3rd prize : icefire - fireworks in sofia .
the first prize winner was dendi pratam from yogyakarta , indonesia , registered under the username capungaero .
his drone captured an eagle from above as the bird soared over bali barat national park in pratam 's home country .
pratam said he noticed the eagle was chasing the drone , but rather than attack it , the bird was playing with it .
second place went to jericsaniel , or jericho saniel lunario , from the philippines .
his image captured an aerial shot of cyclists , joggers and visitors to a park in caloocan city in manila .
he used a dji phantom drone fitted with a gopro hero 3 camera .
saniel lunario said : ` i