a premier league star has sparked an anti-semitism row after he tweeted a picture of himself with a ` hitler ' moustache .
liverpool defender , jose enrique , proudly posted the image on twitter revealing that he had shaved his facial hair - which so happens to resemble the german dictator 's - to surprise his girlfriend .
and although less than impressed , amy jaine happily posed for the picture while smiling and pointing at the former newcastle united player .
scroll down for video .
jose enrique posted this image with girlfriend of amy jaine while sporting the new hitler-style moustache .
enrique , 28 , jokingly tweeted : ` surprised my girlfriend with a new style of beard this morning , she did n't like it very much .
. hahahahaha @amyjaine .
' but the image , which has been shared more than 1,500 times , has caused outrage with twitter users who have expressed their disbelief .
adolf hitler was responsible for killing around six million jews during his time as leader of nazi party .
joakim -lrb- @thehopefullyone -rrb- tweeted : ` i hope you do n't got -lsb- sic -rsb- any jewish followers , ' while pete -lrb- @themrturay -rrb- said : ` what is their -lsb- sic -rsb- to love about a clueless tweet refereeing -lsb- sic -rsb- to a fascist dictator like hitler ?
' he added : ` -lsb- it is -rsb- offensive/misleading no matter what meaning you put it in , he should know not do it ' .
while @thecescchip wrote ` hitler is back ' and ryan -lrb- @ryanmctrippy -rrb- called the new style ` the third enreichue ' .
another user asked the footballer whether his ` faux pas alarm ' had gone off yet .
but not everyone agrees it is a hitler-style moustache and twitter user morenike adebayo said it was more of a ` charlie chaplin ' while another thought he looked more like ` a french waiter ' .
the actor and comedian , born in east london in 1889 , was better known for his performance in the great dictator , in which he satirised adolf hitler .
as leader of the nazi party , hitler was responsible for the death of around six million jews during the second world war .
twitter user joakin replied to the footballer '