organizing for action wants its supporters to know its around for the long haul and will continue on past the next set of election , even though its founder , barack obama , will be leaving the presidency .
` ofa is not a political campaign , ' ofa executive and former obama adviser jim messina said in an email to supporters , according to the washington examiner .
` we 're a built-to-last movement that 's not going anywhere .
when the polls close and elections end , we 're the ones still here , fighting for the principles we believe in .
' president barack obama delivers remarks on obamacare at an organizing for action grassroots supporter event in washington , d.c. in november 2013 .
ofa 's website continues to reside at barackobama.com , and it manages the president 's twitter account , despite describing itself as ` bigger than just one person or one cause .
likewise , the president often sends out messages on its behalf .
ofa is offspring of obama 's presidential campaign apparatus , reconfigured in january of 2013 as he began his second and final term in the oval office .
previously it went by the nation organizing for america and its sole goal was to get obama elected to higher office .
after obama 's time as a candidate came to an end it took on the unofficial role as the grassroots arm of his administration .
it now has more than 250 chapters around the country .
billed as a non-partisan organization that does n't directly support any candidates or political party , it 's allegiance to the democratic party is evident and it openly advocates for the ` advancement of goals for progressive change at the federal , state , and local level .
' comprehensive immigration reform , equal pay for equal work , climate change prevention , state and federal minimum wage increases , healthcare reform , gun violence prevention and paid family leave are mainstay issues for the grassroots organizing group just as they are for the obama-led white house .
its website continues to reside at barackobama.com , and it manages the president 's twitter account , despite describing itself as ` bigger than just one person or one cause .
likewise , the president often sends out messages on its behalf .
in