by .
jennifer newton .
an unknown man who captured his own image in a photobooth 445 times over 30 years is proving to be a mystery .
starting in the 1930s , he took black and white selfies in a photobooth over three decades until the 1960s , charting his passage through time .
most of the pictures show the mystery man grinning at the camera in the photobooth while others show him almost scowling as his mood changes .
for three decades this unknown man took over 445 selfies in photobooths from the 1930s to the 1960s .
they now form a new exhibition at rutgers university .
it is thought the man may have been a photobooth technician and took the pictures as a way of testing the equipment .
nobody knows for sure exactly who the man is , or indeed why he took the pictures of himself over the 30 years , especially as taking self portraits were a lot harder back then .
in some of the pictures he is seen sporting a fedora and smoking a pipe , while other times he is dressed in a suit .
the pictures are now being shared in an exhibition at rutgers university in new jersey in an appropriately named show called ' 445 portraits of man ' .
nobody knows for sure exactly who the man is , or indeed why he took the pictures of himself over the 30 year period .
the exhibit is being shown at the rutgers ' zimmerli art museum in new brunswick and they say they are taking these early selfies and showing them as art .
the images on display of the unknown man were taken during a time when photobooths were hugely popular in the united states .
the 445 prints are owned by historian donald lokuta , who bought the pictures two years ago at a new york city antiques show .
the pictures are owned by historian donald lokuta , who bought the images at an antiques show in new york city in 2012 .
he originally only came across a handful of the photographs but the dealer told him there were hundreds more images of the man and he decided to buy them all .
mr lokuta told rutgers : ` as a historian , i knew this was very rare , but on