lea-ann ellison , the los angeles fitness enthusiast who triggered outrage last september when she posted photos of herself on facebook lifting heavy weights just two weeks before her due date , has once again hit back at her ` haters ' .
the 35-year-old mother of three , who gave birth to her youngest son four months ago , is back in the gym and says she , and little skyler , are doing ` great ' .
' i started back at crossfit three weeks after my son was born , ' she tells mailonline .
' i did not go very hard as my body was still healing but i was so happy to be back to my program .
' no mommy tummy here !
la native lea-ann ellison hits back at critics of her exercise regime and displays her post-baby body a mere four months after the birth to little skyler , pictured .
the trim blonde proudly reveals her post-baby body in a new series of photos with son skyler , and there 's not a hint of a mommy tummy to be seen .
' i know , for me , that keeping strong and fit during pregnancy , and eating a diet full of fresh organic food has been key to my success in gaining my figure back , ' she remarks .
` and no sugar !
sugar will keep a mommy tummy on a lady forever !
' according to muscletech.com , crossfit entails ` an aggressive yet well-rounded pursuit of general , overall fitness in the ten recognized domains , as opposed to the bodybuilding ideology of pursuing perfect muscle symmetry , size and cuts .
' ms ellinson sparked controversy when photos emerged of her lifting what appear to be heavy weights while eight months pregnant .
ms ellison says that when she fell pregnant , she received the go-ahead to continue with her workout ` immediately ' from her health providers .
` this is something i have been doing for many years and to discontinue would have been a disservice to my body and my unborn baby , ' she explains .
in response to harsh critics commenting on a tmz article yesterday , the fitness queen took to her facebook fan page , writing : ' i hope to inspire other ladies to be healthy