south africans of all races , ages and political persuasions paused for six minutes and seven seconds this morning to pay tribute to nelson mandela on the first anniversary of his death .
across the country crowds gathered to ring bells , sound sirens and blast vuvuzelas before observing several minutes silence in a touching tribute to his 67 years in public service .
it was a time to remember his struggle against white-minority rule and also to reflect upon the country 's failure to capitalise on the freedom he fought for .
veterans of the anti-apartheid struggle lay wreaths at the foot of a statue of mr mandela in pretoria and crowds sang ` nkosi sikelel ' iafrika ' -lrb- god bless africa -rrb- , the adopted national anthem .
there was a worldwide outpouring of grief when south africa 's first black president died a year ago from a lung infection aged 95 .
scroll down for video .
african national congress supporters visit the arrest site of former nelson mandela in howick , south africa , on the anniversary of his death .
a young boy sings the adopted national anthem , ` nkosi sikelel ' iafrika ' -lrb- god bless africa -rrb- , during a memorial for mr mandela in soweto .
mr mandela , also known by his clan name of madiba , spent 27 years in prison for fighting white-minority rule in south africa .
us president barack obama paid homage to the former leader saying that his life will impact the paths of generations to come .
` one year ago the world lost a leader whose struggle and sacrifices inspired us to stand up for our fundamental principles , whose example reminded us of the enduring need for compassion , understanding , and reconciliation , and whose vision saw the promise of a better world , ' mr obama said .
` as we pause today to remember the legacy of madiba , i hope we can all take a moment to reflect on how mandela 's life has inspired our own , and will impact the paths of generations to come - including the next generation of world leaders , as while mandela left behind a world more just and free , there is much more work to be done .
south africans of all races , ages and political persuasions