by .
suzannah hills .
published : .
10:47 est , 10 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:47 est , 10 august 2013 .
twin baby girls abducted from a hospital have been rescued after police arrested nine suspects on suspicion of baby trafficking in northwestern china .
it comes after another baby taken from fuping county maternal and child health care became the first to be reunited with his parents earlier this week following the arrest of the hospital 's obstetrician .
zhang shuxia is accused of abducting newborns from the hospital in shaanxi province after convincing the parents to give them up by falsely claiming the infants were born with serious health conditions .
police have received 55 reports of child abductions and allege that zhang was involved in 26 of them .
twin baby girls stolen from the fuping county maternal and .
childhealth care hospital -lrb- pictured -rrb- have been rescued following the arrest of the hospital 's obstetrician who is accused of being involved in 26 abductions .
three government officials and three hospital managers have also been fired over the baby trafficking scandal , the official xinhua news agency reported last night .
the twins were due to be reunited with their parents , mother wang yanyan and father qi kunfeng , today .
the parents told cnn that zhang convinced them to give up the twins after their birth on may 29 by telling them they had serious health problems .
wang , 31 , said : ` the doctor was pretending to be very anxious , telling me that my babies have congenital problems .
she said the twins would be brain damaged or paralyzed .
' i insisted on seeing the babies , but .
she would n't let me .
i never suspected that she was selling my babies , .
because she was a family friend .
' emotion : dong wan cries as she holds her newborn son after being reunited with him in hospital .
joy : ms dong , 31 , is handed her baby after he was recovered from human traffickers .
the parents described the obstetrician as ` evil ' and a ` terrible ' person .
qi said : ` we trusted her so much .
how could she be so cruel to sell our babies ?
' the other