at just 19 years of age , ella henderson has achieved fame and fortune with a chart-topping album after being a finalist on the x factor .
this week , the singer from lincolnshire was moved to meet other teenagers her age who are not as fortunate .
she visited the sebastian 's action trust in slough , a comic relief supported charity that helps terminally-ill children and their families .
ahead of her performance on this evening 's red nose day night , ella here reveals the inspirational people she met and how your money really makes a difference ... ella takes a selfie with a fan as she visits sebastian 's action trust in slough , a comic relief supported charity that helps terminally-ill children and their families .
ella said : ` when i perform tonight on the night of tv for red nose day , i will be thinking of chase and the other incredibly brave young people who i met earlier this week at the comic relief funded project , sebastian action 's trust in slough .
` sebastian 's action trust supports families from diagnosis through a child 's treatment and beyond .
` dedicated financial support workers who are funded by money raised through red nose day provide practical support and stability during the emotionally difficult time .
` in a couple of weeks chase celebrates her 18th birthday .
but she is living with a life-limiting cancer diagnosis and has made the decision to stop her painfully tough treatment .
she 's still filled with infectious energy and her huge personality is impossible not to warm to .
we 're almost the same age , i ca n't imagine having to make such huge decisions .
the singer , pictured joining in a music session during her visit , said : ` the families and staff at sebastian 's action trust were some of the most inspirational people i 've met ' ella , centre in a black top , is urging people to donate to comic relief to support the work of charities like sebastian 's action trust who provide practical support and stability to those with life-limiting cancer .
` the trust was set up after the death of sebastian gates in 2003 .
the nine-year-old recognised how his illness affected his family and wanted to help build a specialist