the man accused of strangling his girlfriend and posting pictures of her dead body on 4chan , went drinking in a bar just hours after the killing .
david kalac is accused of brutally murdering amber lynn coplin in her home in port orchard , washington , before going on the run and leaving her 13-year-old son to discover the body when he came home from school .
the 33-year-old walked into a portland bar and spent hours chatting to customers and drinking beer and vodka before handing himself over to police in wilsonville , oregon , last wednesday .
scroll down for video .
killer : david kalac , 33 , pictured after his arraignment , visited a bar in portland and spent hours drinking beer and vodka , shortly after allegedly strangling his girlfriend and posting pictures of her dead body online .
ryan stowe , owner of the know bar in portland , said kalac drank three cans of pabst blue ribbon and a vodka with red bull .
kalac spent at least four hours drinking in the bar , ` chatting with customers and spilling a beer before leaving a generous tip , ' ny daily news reports .
` it 's weird that he was just hanging out here , knowing police were looking everywhere for him , ' mr stowe said .
` he was n't worried about anyone seeing him or anything .
' following an alleged handwritten confession from kalac prosecutors have increase the charges from second-degree murder to first-degree murder .
murdered : a coroner 's report has found that the injuries on amber coplin 's body is consistent with manual strangulation , and kalac has confessed to the killing .
arrest : kalac , 33 , pictured after he handed himself over to police shortly after leaving the know bar in portland , has been charged with first-degree murder .
horror : the body of amber coplin was discovered by her 13-year-old son and her estranged husband .
the new charge includes a domestic violence enhancement and an aggravated circumstance of having ' a destructive and foreseeable impact on persons other than the victim , ' said kitsap county sheriff 's spokesman scott wilson said .
kalac was arraigned on the charges in kitsap county superior court in port orchard , west of seattle , friday afternoon .
kalac 's