all of a sudden , it seems that everywhere we turn there are suncream ads and the shops are filled with offers on summer essentials .
so should we be making the most of the bargains to restock the bathroom cabinet -- or can we ignore the marketing ploys and dig out supplies that have been lurking at the back for years ?
alice smellie asked industry experts to find out if it 's really vital to buy new supplies for summer ... scroll down for video .
out-of-date sun lotions may separate and not spread evenly , say experts , meaning you may not be completely covered with vital uv filters , even if the active ingredients in the sun cream remain stable .
sunscreen .
there can be few of us who have n't dug out half-full bottles of spf30 from the previous year or , indeed , many years past , and wondered whether it 's still ok to slather on .
but a recent survey revealed that almost three-quarters of uk holidaymakers are at risk of uv exposure because they use out-of-date sun cream .
many experts recommend that we wear sunscreen every day all year round for anti-ageing purposes .
certainly now the weather is heating up , damaging uva and uvb rays will be stronger .
so , can we use old suncreams ?
` sun cream contains uv filters which fall into two main categories : synthetic or organic filters , which absorb uv light ; and mineral or inorganic filters , such as titanium dioxide , which mainly reflect uv light .
frequently , both types are used in combination , ' says dr chris flower of the ctpa -lrb- cosmetic , toiletry & perfumery association -rrb- .
the issue is that out-of-date lotions may separate and not spread evenly , meaning you may not be completely covered with those vital uv filters , even if the active ingredients remain stable .
when it comes to sun cream , experts advise playing it safe and restocking your supllies to ensure skin is properly protected from damaging damaging uva and uvb rays .
out-of-date lotions are also more likely to cause skin irritations .
ingredient specialist and product developer tammy hollis says : ` look at how we treat our suncreams -- carrying them from sandy beach to sunny bar and air-conditioned hotels