by .
jenny hope , claire bates and daily mail reporter .
last updated at 10:15 pm on 23rd december 2011 .
british women with breast implants at the centre of a health scare have been told there is no evidence they are linked to increased cancer risk .
it comes after the french government yesterday announced it would foot the bill for 30,000 women with the implants , made by poly implant prostheses , to have them taken out .
there are fears the gel inside might leak out and cause cancer .
panic : amanda harrison developed lumps on her spine after her breast enlargement operation .
but the uk 's medicines and healthcare products regulatory agency stressed that there was ` no evidence ' this was the case .
more than 40,000 british women are believed to have the french-made implants , known as pips , which were among the cheapest on the market .
fears about their safety first surfaced 18 months ago , when surgeons noticed they were rupturing much more quickly than other brands .
the french health watchdog ordered an inquiry , which subsequently reported ` serious irregularities ' in the implants .
it has also emerged many of the implants were missing a protective coating designed to stop them from splitting and prevent any gel that leaked from spreading through the body .
so far tests have failed to find any firm evidence the implants could trigger cancer .
but yesterday france 's health minister xavier bertrand announced that women could have the implants removed , paid for by the french health service , as a ` preventative ' measure .
burst : plastic surgeon denis boucq holding defective silicone gel breast implants , which were removed from a patient .
responding to the announcement , the .
mhra said : ` we recognise the concern some women who have these implants .
may be feeling but we currently have no evidence of any increase in .
incidents of cancer associated with these implants and no evidence of .
any disproportionate rupture rates other than in france .
` we therefore do not believe that the .
associated risks of surgery from breast implant removal can be .
justified without further evidence .
' it emerged this week that 250 british .
women are preparing to sue six clinics which fitted the