by .
richard spillett for mailonline .
a father-of-two left with horrific face and body injuries in a random acid attack has told how his life has been devastated .
darren pidgeon , 27 , was seriously injured in what police believe was a completely unprovoked assault as he drove through a town centre late at night .
a stranger approached his car in rayleigh , essex in june and sprayed acid through his window .
the attacker then repeatedly punched mr pidgeon , who fell out of his car screaming after managing to fight off his assailant .
warning : graphic content .
darren pidgeon was the victim of a completely unprovoked late-night acid attack in essex earlier this summer .
he says the random attack , which hospitalised him for a month and almost left him blind , has ruined his life -lrb- pictured left just after the attack , and as he appears now right -rrb- .
doctors expect the healing process to take two years , but mr pidgeon says the scarring he has been left with from the attack has ruined his life .
the ordeal left him with scarring down his entire right side and injuries that will affect him for the rest of his life .
he feared he may never see his children 's faces again but , luckily , he was not blinded by the corrosive liquid .
police said they can find no motive for the attack and are appealing for more witnesses .
mr pidgeon , a carer from rayleigh , said : ` it was just an unprovoked attack and it has really ruined my life .
` it has put me out of work and now i have to wear make-up to cover the scars .
it 's embarrassing .
when i was attacked i had no idea what was happening and i was confused more than anything .
mr pidgeon was hospitalised for a month .
skin had to be taken from his leg to repair his face , and he was left with scars covering the rest of his body .
he has now told how he feared he would never see his children 's faces again following the horrific attack -lrb- pictured just after the attack , during his recovery , and as he appears today -rrb- .
' i did n't know why