billionaire investor .
george soros got married for the third time on saturday to his 42-year-old fiancée tamiko bolton .
the .
83-year-old philanthropist tied the knot with bolton , a .
health care consultant , in a small , but lavish , wedding at his caramoor estate in bedford , an hour away from new york city .
the bride 's dress was designed by u.s.-based , lebanon-born reem acra , whose gowns have been worn on the red carpet by many stars , including angelina jolie and jennifer lopez .
george soros , the 83-year-old billionaire philanthropist , and his new bride tamiko bolton dance the night away at their lavish but small wedding on his estate in bedford , new york .
just married : george soros , 83 , and his new bride , tamiko bolton , 42 , at their wedding in bedford , new york , on saturday .
soros put a graff wedding band on bolton 's finger during the half-hour ceremony , according to a source .
federal judge kimba wood officiated at the non-denominational wedding , which was attended only by family members , including soros ' five .
children from his two previous marriages .
the .
wedding ceremony was followed by a reception on saturday evening .
with more than 500 guests at an arts center in nearby katonah .
chef .
bo bech of the geist restaurant in copenhagen prepared the food .
soros and bolton first dined at geist when visiting copenhagen , denmark , in 2009 .
it .
comes as little surprise that the occasion would be marked with a bit of .
fanfare .
up , up and away : a hot air balloon made of flowers pictured during the three-day wedding celebrations of george soros and his third wife .
no expense spared : a wedding guest at the celebration posted this picture on instagram of a stunning floral centerpiece and candlebras topped with roses .
elegant bride : the new mrs george soros appears in a beautiful lace dress at a cocktail party as part of her wedding celebrations .
wedding bells : the two got married at soros ' sprawling estate in bedford , new york , where more than 500 guests attended .
the bride wore white : tamiko bolton -lrb- right -rrb- married her billionaire fiance , george soros