by .
bianca london .
for years they have been unfairly regarded as the sole preserve of maiden aunts and respectable ladies of a certain vintage .
now pearls are replacing diamonds as a staple of the fashion set after being championed by the duchess of cambridge , among countless other celebrities .
elegant pearl earrings - as worn by the former kate middleton on last month 's royal tour of australia and new zealand - have become a wardrobe must-have .
girl with pearl earrings : the duchess of cambridge has long championed pearls and is setting a trend .
it 's not just british royalty who are pearl fans .
america 's first lady michelle obama is often seen wearing her favourite double-stranded pearl necklace and fashion icon sarah jessica parker has long been a fan of pearls .
she wore an eye-catching strand of pearls at the launch of her pop-up shop in new york in february and regularly accessorises her outfits with pearls .
thanks to the duchess of cambridge and .
sarah jessica parker , pearl wearers are becoming younger and championed .
by the fashion faces such as rihanna and cara delevingne .
big fans : lady michelle obama is often seen wearing her favourite double stranded pearl necklace , left , while sarah jessica parker has long been a fan of pearls .
royal seal of approval : the duchess of cornwall , left , and the queen often wears pearls - bonhams believe natural pearls are now hitting record prices because of their rarity .
makeover : the duchess of cambridge teams her pearls with high-fashion outfits for a contemporary look - meaning the gem has suddenly become cool and worn by the likes of jessie j , left , and rihanna .
so popular have they become that classic sets of the gems are being sold for huge sums by one of the world 's leading auction houses .
bonhams believes natural pearls are now hitting record prices because of their rarity - overfishing and pollution mean the supply of new natural pearls is waning - coupled with the influence of celebrities .
other pearl fans include singer katy perry , angelina jolie and scarlett johansson .
the .
duchess of cambridge factor - teaming pearls with high-fashion outfits .
to create a more contemporary look - means pearls suddenly have