by .
sarah griffiths .
venice has been described as the most beautiful city built by man and has captured the hearts of many tourists who have visited the group of 118 small islands .
and now for the first time , people can take a trip down the grand canal or explore the impossibly complex network of tiny waterways by gondola , from the comfort of their own home , as google has added the city to google street view .
the internet giant sent a team of people to map venice by foot , because the street view car and trike could not be used on the city 's narrow cobbled streets .
people can take a trip down the grand canal or explore the impossibly complex network of tiny waterways by gondola from their own home , as google has added venice to google street view .
the team even loaded the ` trekker , ' which is used to map locations , onto a boat that navigated canals and dodged gondolas to give people at home a ` totally immersive ' view of the city .
google said : ` welcome to venice , italy , the city built on water .
travel the canals , walk the streets , ride boats , cross bridges and plan your own adventure in one of the world 's most unique cities .
' the internet giant sent a team of people to map the city by foot , because the street view car and trike could not be used on venice 's narrow cobbled streets .
venice is made up of a group of 118 small islands separated by canals and linked by bridges .
the name is derived from the ancient veneti people who inhabited the region by the 10th century bc .
the republic of venice was a major maritime power during the middle ages and renaissance .
it was an important centre of commerce and art in the 13th century up to the end of the 17th century .
this made venice a wealthy city throughout most of its history .
people can now explore the ` panoramic imagery of one of the most romantic spots in the world , ' according to google , by selecting a mode of transport on the website .
they can walk the streets by foot , travel by