microsoft hopes to lure more people to use its new windows 10 software by making it easy to use many of the same apps they 're already using on apple or android phones .
the move marks a radical shift in strategy for the world 's biggest software company , which still dominates the personal computer market but has failed to get any real traction on tablets and phones , partly because of a lack of apps .
the company said at its annual build conference on wednesday that it will release new programming tools for software developers to rapidly adapt their apple and android apps to run on devices that use the new windows 10 operating system coming late this year .
scroll down for video .
microsoft hopes to lure more people to use its new windows 10 software by making it easy to use many of the same apps they 're already using on apple or android phones .
pictured : microsoft ceo satya nadella delivers his keynote address at microsoft build in san francisco , .
new operating system will run on the ` broadest types of devices ever ' .
various app stores merged into one platform , called the one store .
return of the start menu , which had been removed from windows 8 .
users can create multiple desktops to keep things organised .
microsoft also announced a new name for the web browser that it plans to offer with windows 10 .
the company promises its new ` edge ' browser is faster and more useful than the internet explorer that microsoft has offered for the last 20 years .
the tech giant is making its case for windows 10 before an army of software developers who may be crucial allies in its campaign to build enthusiasm among consumers for the next version of microsoft 's flagship operating system , coming later this year .
` our goal is to make windows 10 the most attractive development platform ever , ' microsoft executive terry myerson told an audience of several thousand programmers and app developers .
while microsoft has already previewed some aspects of the new windows , a parade of top executives is using the build conference to demonstrate more software features and app-building tools , with an emphasis on mobile devices as well as pcs .
ultimately , they