by .
james slack .
published : .
18:43 est , 29 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
18:45 est , 29 november 2012 .
police conducted themselves with ` integrity ' at all times during the original phone hacking investigation , lord justice leveson ruled .
police conducted themselves with ` integrity ' at all times during the original phone hacking investigation , lord justice leveson ruled .
in the months of fevered speculation leading up to the inquiry being called , officers had been accused of turning a blind eye to the industrial scale of the phone-hacking carried out by news of the world journalists .
the metropolitan force was accused in the guardian and elsewhere of not investigating properly because of its closeness to news international , owner of the now defunct notw .
lord justice leveson said a ` series of poor decisions , poorly executed ' had contributed to this idea taking hold .
but , crucially , he said there was no reason to doubt the integrity of the police and senior officers concerned .
he accepted the force 's argument that it had been under huge pressure to devote resources to thwarting terrorist attacks at the time the original decision was taken in 2006 .
london had been attacked by terrorists in july 2005 and a transatlantic bomb plot was being investigated in one of the biggest operations in modern times .
police launched the original hacking investigation , dubbed operation caryatid , after members of the royal household contacted them with concerns that their voicemails were hacked by the now in december 2005 .
the newspaper 's former royal editor clive goodman and private investigator glenn mulcaire were jailed in 2007 for hacking .
in the months of fevered speculation leading up to the inquiry being called , officers had been accused of turning a blind eye to the industrial scale of the phone-hacking carried out by news of the world journalists .
john yates , former assistant commissioner at the metropolitan police , resigned in july 2011 over criticism of his review two years previously .
but police later came under fire for .
failing to widen the scope of the investigation despite evidence .
suggesting that there were many more victims , including celebrities and .
senior politicians .
john yates , former assistant .
commissioner at the