by .
charles sale .
west ham striker andy carroll received a bigger shock than his harsh sending off against swansea when he returned to the upton park dressing room ... sky sports news ' glamorous presenter charlie webster was in the ice bath !
an exhausted webster had been given full use of the hammers physio and treatment facilities after finishing a 250-mile charity run via 40 football grounds in aid of women 's aid .
she had taken a bow in the centre circle during half-time .
webster was in the middle of a much-needed recovery session when carroll came back prematurely after being given his marching orders on the hour .
sportingly , the striker allowed webster to stay in the bath while he used an ice bucket for his post-match routine instead .
video scroll down for charlie webster 's sexy fhm shoot .
seeing red : andy carroll was sent off during west ham 's 2-0 win against swansea .
achievement : charlie webster -lrb- above -rrb- finished a 250-mile run for women 's aid .
recovery : carroll was shocked to find webster -lrb- above -rrb- in an ice bath at upton park .
controversial : webster angered sky sports news colleagues when she posed for an fhm photshoot .
all smiles : charlie webster at the launch of a bear grylls tv series .
expert care : webster gets some treatment at bolton wanderers during her charity challenge .
webster , before the start of her marathon to highlight the battle against domestic violence , had revealed she had been sexually assaulted by her athletics coach when she was 15 .
she infuriated some of her ssn colleagues last march when she posed scantily clad for lads mag fhm when sky were promoting women in sport .
how long can the rfu justify their annual seven-figure spend on their 50-odd councillor blazers whose travel and accommodation to all six nations games are met by twickenham ?
the paris trip included dinner on the friday , lunch and dinner on the saturday ands a lavish spread -- foie gras and all -- straight after the game .
no wonder the other unions have refused to feed the english blazers ' partners .
tradition : stuart lancaster has no qualms with the post-match six nations banquets .
in these days of elite athlete management of