by .
mark prigg .
it is a shocking demonstration of just how distracting a text message can be .
hong kong cinemagoers were shown an ad with someone driving through a forest .
however , midway through , they were sent a text message - and when they checked their handset , the on screen car careered of the road and crashed , leaving them shocked and stunned .
scroll down for video .
cinema goers in hong kong were initially shown a calming advert of someone driving through a forest as part of the shocking safety ad .
as the ad progressed , a mass text message programme was used to simultaneously send a text to audience members .
the movie theater was equipped with a location-based broadcaster that could send a mass text to everyone in the room at once .
a special short film aired before the feature showing the ad .
at the right time , operators sent the text so that everyone 's phone went off .
as they look down , the crash happens , taking them by surprise .
all the while , film cameras capture their reaction .
the ad , which was shown as a trailer to a feature film at the mcl cinema in hong kong , shows a point-of-view account of a person getting into their car and setting off on a drive .
the movie theater was equipped with a location-based broadcaster that could send a mass text to everyone in the room at once .
at the same time , a special short film aired before the feature showing the ad .
the stunt has already become a huge hit on youtube , with almost 190,000 views .
it was created by ogilvy beijing .
the ad comes after engineers at volkswagen revealed what they claim is the world 's most fuel efficient production car , which can do a staggering 313 miles per gallon .
the volkswagen xl1 ` super efficient vehicle ' features new construction techniques , an innovative futuristic-looking body and hybrid drive-train to dramatically increase fuel economy .
the edgy design is intended to reduce drag and it features ` scissor doors ' which were famously featured in the delorean dmc-12 , used in the back to the future films .
once the text was sent , cinema goers could not help