the driver of the bin lorry that killed six people in glasgow had years of professional experience behind the wheel , it was revealed today .
harry clarke , 58 , from the baillieston area of the city , joined the local authority four years ago and was initially employed to provide transport for children with learning difficulties .
he is believed to have remained in that role for a year , which also included driving gritters , before moving to the cleansing department .
before joining the council he had worked for first bus .
scroll down for video .
six dead : emergency services walk past a cordoned-off crashed bin lorry as they attend the scene of the crash in george square on december 22 in glasgow .
emergency response : eyewitnesses said the bin lorry driver appeared to fall ill at the wheel of the vehicle before losing control and hitting christmas shoppers on queen street in the city .
meanwhile it was also revealed that mr clarke had passed the rigorous medical exam needed to keep his driving licence in 2012 .
he is still receiving counselling after collapsing at the wheel .
mr clarke required a heavy goods vehicle driver 's licence for his jobs at both first bus and the council - which involved regular tough medical examinations , reported the sunday mail .
his neighbours have described him as a ` generous ' man who was always willing to help .
one woman , who asked not to be named , said : ` i 'm genuinely shocked to learn he was involved .
` my experience is of a decent man , well mannered , who was always prepared to help keep the communal areas clean .
i know his neighbours will be wishing him a quick recovery .
' died : grandfather john ` jack ' sweeney -lrb- left -rrb- , 68 , and primary school teacher stephenie tait -lrb- right -rrb- , 29 , were among the six victims of the fatal crash .
mr sweeney 's wife lorraine -lrb- left -rrb- , 69 , and their 18-year-old granddaughter erin mcquade -lrb- right -rrb- also died .
no details of any health issues or the explanation for what may have caused mr clarke to fall ill have so far emerged .
he was treated at the western infirmary after the