by .
deni kirkova .
published : .
07:23 est , 13 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:40 est , 13 december 2013 .
worn in a dishevelled , boho way all summer , the oversized topknot was the go-to hairdo for relaxed sunny days .
but with the christmas party season in full swing , the topknot is due a sophisticated , polished update .
elegant actress marion cotillard rocked this look at the christian dior party in marrakech last week .
and with the voluminous style showing no signs of falling out of fashion , celebrity hairdresser mark woolley guarantees it will be the most glamorous way to keep your hair tidy all night this christmas .
here , in femail 's exclusive step-by-step guide , mark styles mailonline writer sara with a party topknot using a bun hairpiece.scroll down for video .
mark woolley guarantees the voluminous topknot will be the most glamorous way to keep your hair tidy .
mark explains that the pre-prepared topknots is used for red carpet looks all the time .
marion cotillard at a dior event on sunday , working the voluminous topknot .
the first step in creating this red carpet look is backcombing the hair at the crown of the head .
this step is key , as it created cushioning and support for the hair piece .
backcomb right to the ends and round the front as well as the back of the hair .
once that 's done , pin it in place with kirby grips .
backcomb the roots of the surrounding area for further support .
mark says the key to this look is backcombing the top section which supports the hair piece .
for cushioning , backcomb to the ends , from all sides and pin .
then , backcomb the roots of the surrounding hair .
next we need to decide how much of the hair we 're leaving out - in sara 's case the sweeping fringe - and part it accordingly .
the sweeping fringe is a great alternative for ladies who find scraping all the hair away from their face too severe and prefer to leave something to frame their features .
also , those who have a fringe already can leave that down .
otherwise you can opt for marion 's look for the fashionista edge