caught : 36-year-old joseph m. bekken was charged thursday in 1st district court with attempting to procure a prostitute , attempting to misuse public money , bribery , using a computer in a scheme to defraud and burglary .
the former financial aid director at north idaho college is accused of offering scholarship money to students in exchange for sex .
joseph m. bekken , 36 , was charged thursday in 1st district court with attempting to procure a prostitute , attempting to misuse public money , bribery , using a computer in a scheme to defraud and burglary .
bekken , a married father of four who has been fired , was being held in the kootenai county jail on $ 100,000 bail on the felony charges .
` this is conduct that has been going on for many , many years , ' kootenai county deputy prosecuting attorney jedediah whitaker told judge scott wayman .
whitaker said that bekken came to north idaho college in 2010 from his previous job as a financial aid counselor at grand canyon university in phoenix , arizona .
police said bekken at north idaho college advertised on craigslist for several semesters and agreed to meet a female student at a coeur d'alene apartment complex on february 2nd .
according to police documents through the coeur d' alene police department , officers were notified by the fbi of ads targeting nic students .
fbi agents and spokane detectives working internet crimes responded to ads that said ` hello , i have a proposition for nic students .
' the message detectives received was ' i have some grant money that i can get applied to your account .
i just look for some fun in return .
' with the approval of nic president joe dunlap coeur d' alene , officers created a fake student account and responded to the nic ads again .
the response officers got back was the same as before , ' i have some extra grant money to allocate .
just looking for some potential fun on the side .
' officers asked what they would have to do and were told , ` i 'm completely open .
sex , oral , etc. .
. watching .
' the next day he received a reply stating , ' i have some extra grant money to allocate .