sick : leslie cunliffe -lrb- in sunglasses -rrb- is being deported back to britain from australia .
a british rapist who carried out a horrific sex attack likened to the silence of the lambs will be deported from australia to the uk , officials confirmed today .
leslie neil cunliffe , 63 , will be .
sent back to britain even though he has spent his entire adult life .
abroad and raised a family in australia .
cunliffe posed as a policeman to kidnap a 21-year-old woman , then gagged , blindfolded and bound her .
he .
then drove her to a sound-proofed dungeon where he .
strapped a fake bomb to her .
later he cut off her clothes and raped her .
he demanded a one million australian dollar ransom from her family during the may 1999 attack in geelong , near melbourne .
australian police compared the squalid shed where he imprisoned the woman for seven hours with a ` dungeon ' from the 1991 film the silence of the lambs , which starred anthony hopkins .
described .
as ` the worst of beasts ' , detectives said cunliffe 's ` bizarre and .
horrendous ' crime was among the worst they have ever witnessed .
cunliffe , who holds a british passport , served 12 years in prison in australia for the rape before being freed on april 16 last year .
but officials today confirmed he lost an appeal against the australian department of immigration 's decision that he should be deported to the uk , and will be sent back despite not having lived here for more than 40 years .
the australian authorities have cancelled his visa on ` character ' grounds under a provision in their immigration act that allows them to expel people convicted of serious offences .
the taxpayer now faces a bill for tens of thousands of pounds to provide cunliffe with housing and benefits .
a father-of-two , he left britain in .
1967 , but never took australian citizenship after his arrival at the age .
of 19 , allowing the australian government to deport him after he .
breached his parole conditions following his release in april .
cunliffe has been placed in an immigration detention unit while arrangements are made to remove him .
a department spokesman said : ` the federal