by .
emma innes .
published : .
07:45 est , 12 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:42 est , 12 september 2013 .
an 84-year-old dementia sufferer was left without food or water for five days when her operation was repeatedly cancelled .
irene lowe was put on a strict nil-by-mouth regime as she prepared to undergo surgery on a broken shoulder .
but when her surgery was cancelled five times she became so dehydrated that she ended up on a drip .
irene lowe , 84 , was left without food or water for five days at university hospital of north staffordshire -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
she was told she could n't eat or drink before surgery but the operation was cancelled five times .
the operation , at the university hospital of north staffordshire , was put off because the specialist consultants due to carry it out were unavailable .
the grandmother was still in hospital yesterday , 18 days after she broke her shoulder in a fall at her home in longton , staffordshire , on august 25 .
the operations were cancelled between august 30 and september 3 - she finally went under the knife on september 4 .
her furious daughter , christine barnes , 52 , has criticised hospital staff who left her feeling like the treatment was ` a joke ' .
ms barnes , from dresden , staffordshire , said : ` the operation kept being cancelled because emergencies kept coming in from as far away as wrexham .
mrs lowe became so dehydrated that she eventually had to be put on a drip .
her surgery was carried out on the sixth day she was in hospital .
she is now recovering .
` i understand that , but why was an 84-year-old lady left with no food or water for so long , it made her ill .
` my mother fasted from midnight on the thursday , all the next day , only to be told the operation was cancelled at 7pm .
mrs lowe 's operation was cancelled repeatedly because her surgeons kept being required to deal with emergency cases .
` on saturday , they let her have a light breakfast , then she fasted again , with no food or water , but the same thing happened again .
` on sunday