a telescope in chile has captured a stunning view of ` god 's hand ' 1,300 light years away .
the cometary globule , also known as cg4 , shines brightly in this spectacular image , and looks as though it is about to grab at stars .
although it appears vivid in this picture , this is in fact a faint nebula , which makes it very hard for amateur sky watchers to spot .
scroll down for video .
a telescope in chile has captured a stunning view of ` god 's hand ' 1,300 light years away.the cometary globule , also known as cg4 , shines brightly in this spectacular image , and looks as though it is about to grab at stars .
although it appears vivid in this picture , this is in fact a faint nebula , which makes it very hard for amateur sky watchers to spot .
astronomers believe it is powered by the leftover , dense core of a star that blew up in a supernova explosion .
but its exact nature remains a mystery .
in 1976 several elongated comet-like objects were discovered on pictures taken with the uk schmidt telescope in australia .
because of their appearance , they became known as cometary globules even though they have nothing in common with comets .
they had dense , dark , dusty heads and long , faint tails , which were generally pointing away from the vela supernova remnant located at the centre of the gum nebula .
although these objects are relatively close by , it took astronomers a long time to find them as they glow very dimly and are therefore hard to detect .
the nebula is powered by the leftover , dense core of a star that blew up in a supernova explosion .
the stellar corpse , called psr b1509-58 , or b1509 for short , is a pulsar : it rapidly spins around , seven times per second , firing out a particle wind into the material around it .
god 's hand is a pulsar wind nebula .
it 's powered by the leftover , dense core of a star that blew up in a supernova explosion .
the stellar corpse , called psr b1509-58 , or b1509 for short , is a pulsar .
it rapidly spins around , seven times per