a young ferguson activist who met with president barack obama at the white house this week is blasting the prospect of a presidential visit to the st. louis , missouri , suburb as ` too little , too late ' and ` bulls *** symbolism .
' on a conference call with reporters last night millennial activists united co-founder ashley yates said she and the other young , civil rights activists who met with obama on monday did not request that he visit ferguson because they were focused on getting him to take more substantive actions .
her comments set of a firestorm on twitter , in which she participated , sending out a string of tweets ridiculing the media and anyone else she perceived as suggesting a photo op with the president would solve ferguson 's race relations problems .
scroll down for video .
president barack obama met with young ferguson activists on monday to discuss issues important to them. , including millennial activists united co-founder ashley yates , pictured here .
yates said yesterday that she and other young civil rights leaders who met with the president did not ask him to visit the missouri town , calling it ` too little , too late ' yates , a 29-year-old st. louis resident , helped found millennial activists united after the death of 18-year-old ferguson resident michael brown .
brown , who is black , was shot and killed by local police officer darren wilson , who is white .
after being acquitted last week of criminal charges by a grand jury , wilson resigned his position .
he still faces the possibility of being charged by federal prosecutors for alleged civil rights violations .
the grand jury 's decision to let wilson walk sparked protests anew in ferguson and led to renewed focus in the white house on the division between law enforcement officers in communities of color and the public .
on monday the white house announced that a task force would review a pentagon program that provides excess equipment to police departments amid concerns over the militarization of law enforcement .
it also disclosed a $ 263 million adjustment to its 2015 budget request to fund up to 50,000 body cameras for police officers .
obama also held ferguson-related meetings throughout the day at the white house with members of his cabinet , civil