by .
emily allen .
published : .
04:08 est , 31 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
21:02 est , 31 october 2012 .
cycling , running and swimming in a gruelling triathlon over more than 15 miles , anthony connor appeared as fit as a fiddle .
the 39-year-old swam 800 yards before jumping on a bike and riding 12 miles , then running three miles ... all in the space of two-and-a-half hours .
pretty impressive for a man who was claiming disability benefits .
scroll down to watch the video ... on his toes : investigators secretly filmed connor .
swimming , cycling and running -lrb- pictured right -rrb- for a total of 25km during the tatton park .
triathlon in knutsford , cheshire .
a massive stroke , he told welfare .
officials , had left him unable to walk up and down stairs without help , .
or climb into the bath without assistance .
as far as walking was .
concerned , he could cover 80 yards , but even that took him five minutes .
connor 's lies saw him falsely claim .
# 17,000 in benefits .
but his luck ran out after investigators filmed him .
in the 25km tatton park triathlon in knutsford , cheshire .
sporty : connor is seen racing over the finishing line raising his arms in victory after finishing a 5km sprint .
covert footage showed the athlete .
whizzing past spectators on his bike and later raising his arms in .
victory as he completed the run .
yesterday connor , from baguley , .
manchester , was facing jail after he admitted a charge of failing to .
notify officials of an improvement in his condition .
he will be .
sentenced at a later date .
fit : the footage also shows connor whizzing past spectators on his bicycle during a 19k sprint .
magistrates were told he had claimed .
benefits legitimately in 2006 after having a stroke and had been .
granted disability living allowance , income support , housing benefits .
and council tax benefit .
harold smith , prosecuting , said : ` the .
defendant said he had been left with a weakness in his left side and .
could n't walk more than 75 metres in five minutes .
he said he walked .