sir john major said ` no one should weep ' for labour if the party loses 40 mps in the next election .
former prime minister john major today blamed labour for the growing threat of scottish independence -- claiming the party had spent years attacking the conservatives and westminster .
sir john said labour and the snp ` have fed a divisive narrative that has bitten deep , ignoring the revolution in scottish living standards brought about , in large part , by conservative policies ' .
he added : ` it would be ironic indeed if scotland voted for separation , and labour lost all its significant representation in the house of commons .
if this comes to pass , no one should weep for them .
' sir john 's remarks , in an article in the times newspaper today , come amid growing panic among senior labour figures over the prospect of independence .
the party would lose more than 40 mps , potentially depriving it of the chance of a commons majority after the next election .
but a vote for scottish independence would be ` disastrous ' for the whole of the united kingdom and not just labour , sir john said .
in a second impassioned plea to scots , in an interview on the bbc this morning , he said britain would be ` diminished ' on the world stage .
he told radio 4 's today programme that the united kingdom was ` the most successful union ' in history but would be badly damaged without scotland .
he said : ` i am desperately concerned at what is happening .
we would be immensely weaker as a nation in every respect - morally , politically , in every material aspect - if scotland and the rest of the united kingdom were to part company .
` this year is the 100th anniversary of the first world war .
as we honour the people who fought together then , would it not be extraordinary if the snp broke up the most successful union and partnership in all history in any part of the world ?
' sir john said that young scots considering casting a vote for independence in next week 's referendum would find themselves living in ` a very different country ' over the coming decades if there was