by .
david martosko , u.s. political editor .
president obama came out swinging at republicans on monday night during a high-dollar fundraiser for the democratic congressional campaign committee in maryland , saying their concerns about the 2012 benghazi terror attack and his obamacare medical insurance law were ` not serious .
' his latest antagonistic salvo will enrage the gop , as it brings to mind his july 2013 pronouncement that the fast-brewing controversies engulfing his presidency were ` phony scandals .
' obama never specific which scandals were ` phony ' during a galesburg , illinois speech about economic issues .
but at the time a quartet of all-hands-on-deck crises were swirling around the west wing : the national security agency 's publicly leaked surveillance programs , the internal revenue service 's targeting of conservative groups , his justice department 's seizure of reporters ' phone records and emails , and the benghazi attack that killed four americans .
on monday , he played to a sympathetic crowd of about 65 people who paid up to $ 32,400 per couple to dine with the president at the home of a wealthy supporter in the tony washington , d.c. suburb of potomac , maryland .
the new ` phony scandals ' spin : on monday night obama , shown may 14 making the case for infrastructure spending , called concerns about the 2012 benghazi terror attack and his obamacare medical insurance law ` not serious ' ` not serious ' : the u.s. diplomatic compound in benghazi , libya erupted in flames on september 11 , 2012 after heavily armed terrorists linked to an al-qaeda affiliate group launched mortars and grenades and followed up with small-arms fire .
pointing a finger at republicans , he lobbed rhetorical grenades in the hope of firing up his base for the coming november congressional election .
` yes , we could reform government and streamline it , and update it so that it is capable to meet the concerns of the 21st century and it can be more customer-friendly , ' he said during a 15-minute speech .
` and yes , we do have to worry about issues like long-term debt -- although the primary source of long-term debt is health care costs , and if we can help drive those down we 'll be just fine .
' ` but