by .
kieran corcoran .
payday loans company wonga has been accused of ` censorship by stealth ' after using legal threats to remove a work of parody from the internet .
twitter user @brandy_snap posted an image showing an 18th-century debtors ' prison , with the wonga logo superimposed , including the mock catchphrase ` your soul is ours ' .
the image was highlighting widespread anger at the loans company , which offers loans at representative annual interest rates of 5853 per cent .
legal threats : wonga took legal action over this image , which superimposes a character from its adverts onto a scene of a debtors ' prison .
and in a bizarre move , wonga then called its own legal team ` soulless ' for trying to suppress the image , which has now been posted hundreds more times in protest .
it features a painting by william hogarth , an artist famous for depicting social decay in the 1700s , with the head of one of wonga 's puppet-like tv advert characters superimposed on a figure .
the wonga mascot is surrounded by wretched and impoverished captives in london 's fleet prison , where hundreds of people who owed money were subjected to cruel punishments .
the original image is part of a hogarth series called a rake 's progress , which shows the rise and fall of a wealthy man who squanders his fortune and ends up destitute .
the legal notice , delivered by twitter , is signed by .
representative james johnson from the legal department of wonga 's parent .
company .
it accuses the owner of the twitter account of infringing the .
company 's copyright by using part of its adverts .
ads : the above image has been doctored to include ` earl ' , a puppet character who often features in wonga 's adverts .
original : the famous scene shows wretched figures stuck in fleet prison , where debtors were sent in the 1700s .
the .
text of the warning identifies ` infringing acts ' on the grounds that .
wonga did not give its permission for the images to be used .
however it has been claimed that the legal complaint is baseless and that the company is simply using its legal muscle to quash dissent .
speaking to mailonline the twitter user