it is no secret that many women are in search of their own 50 shades of grey romance .
the release of the book saw sales in sex toys increase by 400 per cent according to retailers and it has since been named the best selling book of all time .
now fans of the erotic novel can live out their fantasies further with tesco 's latest range of lingerie and nightwear inspired by the steamy novel .
scroll down for video .
the 50 shades of grey lingerie collection launches in tesco this month .
the range shot by famous photographer rankin , for women and men launches exclusively in store from early september as part of the supermarket 's f&f clothing range .
the collection which consists of 35 women 's pieces and eight for men comes ahead of the highly anticipated film release of fifty shades of grey by e l james on valentine 's day 2015 .
the range itself consists of a range of saucy separates as well as nightwear in various muted tones , fitting for 50 shades of grey .
the lingerie range embraces women of all sizes with bras available in 32b to 40g and briefs from 8 -- 22 .
the collection has been designed to embrace women of all shapes with briefs ranging from a size 8-22 .
the campaign includes silk babydolls and basques for fans to recreate their own sensual experience .
in true 50 shades of grey style , tesco are even offering a silk eye mask .
fans of the erotic novel will be able to try at least to recreate the christian grey look themselves with the supermarket 's men 's range .
the womenswear pieces are designed to instill their wearer with the confidence while offering a brilliant fit and offer sumptuous nightwear at an excellent price .
the collection also seeks to create a wardrobe of underwear appropriate to the clothes worn over them , to give a flattering outline .
when it comes to actually sleeping in the bedroom the range offers satin shirt and trousers sets as well as black kimonos in soft cotton .
the collection is designed to be enjoyed by all , from the very sensual lingerie -lrb- left -rrb- to the very relaxed lounge wear -lrb- right -rrb- .
the men 's collection includes a range of