created : .
23:04 est , 26 february 2015 .
this is the moment a benefits cheat was caught on camera lugging around wood which weighed more than seven stone - despite pocketing # 30,000 in state handouts because he was ` too sick to work ' .
mark barnes , 60 , from bacup , lancashire , received an annual # 30,000 in benefits over a seven-year period after claiming he was unable to work due to a debilitating illness .
but , after an anonymous tip-off , investigators found barnes was secretly working as a woodcutter , while still receiving income support , council tax benefit and employment support allowance .
scroll down for video .
this is the moment a benefits cheat who pocketed # 30,000 in state handouts by claiming he was too sick to work for seven years was caught lugging firewood weighing more than seven stone .
mark barnes , 60 , from bacup , lancashire , received nearly # 30,000 each year after claiming he was unable to work due to a debilitating illness .
officers for the department for work and pension set up a camera at his work and covertly filmed barnes chopping up the wood , before lugging it off into a container .
the wood , which he then sold on to a local garden centre , was estimated to weigh more than seven-and-a-half stone , according to the daily mirror .
burnley crown court heard how barnes sold on the kindling , making # 70 cash per week .
he told government officials that he thought he was entitled to earn the money while still claiming the handouts , the court heard .
barnes admitted two charges of dishonestly failing to promptly notify a change in circumstances .
he also admitted making a false representation for job seekers ' allowance to rossendale council in october 2013 .
after an anonymous tip-off , investigators from the department for work and pensions found barnes was secretly working as a woodcutter .
prosecutor claire thomas said barnes had claimed benefits since february 2000 for himself and two children .
after claiming he could not work through illness , he made declarations to the dwp when his son started work , but never told the department he too was working .
there was no claim for compensation as the department plans to