by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
19:25 est , 14 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
21:22 est , 14 june 2012 .
suicide : martial arts expert steven lavallee , 55 , hanged himself at his florida home after molestation charges .
a martial arts expert who ran several training schools hanged himself as police were on the verge of bringing sexual molestation charges against him .
steven lavallee , 55 , killed himself at his home in fort lauderdale , florida on monday .
police had been about to charge lavallee with simple battery after he allegedly improperly touched a man during a massage in may last year .
the trainer was being investigated by florida police after they had received reports from upstate new york , where lavallee had eight sports centers , which accused him of molesting two teenage boys .
the statute of limitations had .
expired on the allegations in the syracuse area but authorities in .
florida said lavallee was aware that fresh charges were pending .
lavallee owned five usa black belt champions schools across florida in fort lauderdale , north palm beach , boca raton , coconut creek and lighthouse point .
he had studied martial arts for 35 years and earned a 7th degree black belt .
according to the orlando sentinel , a man who attended lavallee 's school said he had been inappropriately touched by the trainer after he offered to show off new massage techniques .
according the cases filed in new york state , a man accused lavallee of molesting him when he was 13 or 14 years old .
the allegations stem from 1993 but .
were not reported until this january meaning no charges could be brought .
after the ten-year statute of limitations had ran out .
scroll down for video .
success : lavallee , 55 , ran the usa black belt champions chain of martial arts schools -lrb- there is no implication that the children in this photograph are connected to the allegations -rrb- .
celebrity status : lavallee had achieved huge success in the martial arts community both as a competitor and entrepreneur .
the millionaire appeared at seminars to talk about his success -lrb- middle left -rrb- .
all investigations have been closed following lavallee 's suicide .
his attorney made no comment .