gchq is allowed to spy on british citizens ' use of facebook , google and twitter without an individual warrant because the firms are based overseas , it emerged last night .
to the fury of civil liberties groups , charles farr , the head of the government 's office for security and counter terrorism , said the sites are classified as ` external communications ' .
this means that they are not subject to the strict rules that govern information posted on websites based in britain .
scroll down for video .
gchq is allowed to spy on british citizens ' use of facebook , google and twitter without an individual warrant .
in these cases , a person 's activity will normally only be monitored if there is evidence of a link to terrorism or serious crime and a targeted warrant is issued , signed by a minister .
mr farr said entries on facebook , twitter , youtube and web searches on google -- as well as webmail services such as hotmail and yahoo -- are considered external communications because users send information overseas .
data can therefore be collected under a broader warrant not signed by a minister .
the policy was revealed in papers which form part of a continuing legal battle with campaign group privacy international -lrb- pi -rrb- .
pi said it ` patronises the british people ' .
james welch , of human rights group liberty , said : ` the security services consider that they 're entitled to read , listen to and analyse all our communications on facebook , google and other us-based platforms .
` if there was any remaining doubt that our snooping laws need a radical overhaul , there can be no longer .
' gchq -lrb- pictured -rrb- said all its work ` is carried out in accordance with a strict legal and policy framework ' mr farr did not reveal the extent to which gchq uses its power to intercept these external communications .
but , in a statement , gchq said all its work ` is carried out in accordance with a strict legal and policy framework which ensures our activities are authorised , necessary and proportionate ' .
the rules governing the policy are contained within the regulation of investigatory powers act , passed by labour in 2000 .
the legal challenge ,