this is the moment a snubbed girlfriend whose boyfriend ignored her during a stadium ` kiss-cam ' appeared to get her own back by ditching him - and kissing the stranger next to her instead .
but the playful couple are thought to be playing a prank on the cameraman and the hilarious moment was all in jest .
the mystery couple were picked out by the cameraman who scanned madison square garden during the new york knicks ' game against the houston rockets on thursday .
scroll down for video .
the woman is seen kissing the stranger next to her as her boyfriend -lrb- far left -rrb- looks on in anger .
usually couples snuggle up for a quick smooch which is shown on a huge screen , but the dark-haired man appeared to refuse to look up from his mobile phone .
his pretty girlfriend , along with other sports fans , tried to grab his attention , but when he failed to look up she turned to the knicks fan sat on her other side .
the good-looking pair enjoy a passionate clinch which eventually attracted the attention of her furious boyfriend , and was met by cheers and laughter from the new york crowd .
fans said the apparently inattentive man spent the rest of the game in the huff , while crowd members congratulated the quick-thinking kisser nearby .
the couple at the match have not been identified but the kiss was watched by thousands , including british tourist hugo davies , 19 , who filmed it .
student hugo , who was visiting family in new york , said : ' i definitely was n't expecting it .
the woman appeared upset when her boyfriend kept on texting during the kiss-cam , but it appears to be a stunt .
' i was filming because this was my first basketball match and it was a normal kiss cam until this happened .
` at first people were shouting and laughing because he was ignoring her but when she kissed the other guy everyone went crazy cheering and laughing .
` when it did happen i could n't stop laughing at the time , like she totally embarrassed the guy .
' i think he was on his phone and wanted to finish sending his text or something so she kissed the other guy