by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
12:16 est , 20 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:21 est , 20 june 2013 .
a fire chief has been forced to apologize after being pictured with firefighters dressed in sombreros and fake mustaches at a charity fundraiser taco stand .
los angeles fire chief brian cummings said he was sorry for posting the ` insensitive ' picture to his twitter account earlier this month .
the picture , which was posted on june 6 , .
showed the fire chief wearing a sombrero , next to three firefighters dressed as stereotypical mexicans .
apology : los angeles fire chief brian cummings , third from left , was forced to apologize for posting a picture that some said endorses ethnic stereotypes .
after complaints he removed the picture from twitter and posted : ' i sincerely apologize for any .
insensitivity or disrespect to anyone offended by posing for the photo .
from the hope for firefighters event .
' yvonne griffin , who takes photographs for the fire department , also removed the picture from her site .
battalion chief armando hogan said people at the event dressed in costumes inspired by the culture of the food they were serving .
however , some people felt the image of the taco stand endorsed ethnic stereotypes .
` the chief plans to meet with community .
members so that we establish a dialogue so that situations like this do .
not happen again , ' chief hogan told cbs los angeles .
fire chief cummings had posted the picture along with several others from the street festival , where the city 's fire departments serve food to raise money for hope for firefighters .
apology : the fire chief was forced to apologize on twitter after the photo offended some people .
several departments had dressed up as characters from top gun , the hawaiian islands and the reality show duck dynasty as part of a fancy dress contest , according to the los angeles times .
the main part of the annual event , where companies take part in physical challenges faced by firefighters , is the cooking contest where 25 fire departments compete against each other .
as well as raising money , firefighters compete for the bragging rights to having their food judged as