it has been dubbed a ` death ray on wheels ' .
boeing 's 10 kilowatt laser can down a drone using an array of hi-tech sensors .
and makers boeing have even proved it can battle the weather - by tracking and firing through fog , wind and rain in its latest test .
scroll down for video ... boeing 's 10 kilowatt laser can down a drone using an array of hi-tech sensors - and is about to get a massive power boost .
the laser makes an incredibly powerful , highly focused beam of light and aims it at a moving target .
the lithium ion batteries that power the hel md 's laser are charged by a 60 kw diesel generator , so if the army can keep the fuel tank full , they can shoot down incoming threats indefinitely .
the system uses a telescope and infrared-based , wide field of view camera to locate and designate targets .
boeing has designed the system to be operated by a driver and an operator with a laptop and an xbox controller .
the truck-mounted weapon , known as the high energy laser mobile demonstrator -lrb- hel md -rrb- , gives a hint at what a weapon of the future could look like .
using an invisible laser beam to exact targets , the rounds are capable of taking down drones from the sky and even missiles .
the device was equipped with a 10-kilowatt solid state laser and a radar system mounted atop a heavy truck at eglin air force base in florida .
` under windy , rainy and foggy weather conditions in florida , these engagements were the most challenging to date with a 10-kilowatt laser on hel md , ' said dave deyoung , boeing directed energy systems director .
` as proven at white sands missile range in new mexico in 2013 and at eglin air force base this spring , hel md is reliable and capable of consistently acquiring , tracking and engaging a variety of targets in different environments , demonstrating the potential military utility of directed energy systems .
' in these recent demonstrations , hel md used a 10-kilowatt , high energy laser installed on an oshkosh tactical military vehicle .
the demonstrator is the first mobile , high-energy laser , counter rocket , artillery and mortar -lrb-