uruguay are considering the option of resting luis suarez for their world cup group encounter with england in sao paulo next week .
if they kick off their tournament campaign with a win against costa rica on sunday , they could take the decision conscious that chile 's arturo vidal has struggled to recover from an almost identical knee injury .
sources in uruguay already believe that suarez is unlikely to face the costa ricans in the opening game for oscar tabarez 's team .
recovering : but luis suarez may not feature against england next week in sao paolo .
nutted : suarez joins his uruguay team-mates for a training session .
keepy ups : diego lugano controlling the ball at a practice session .
last hurrah : and the golden ball winner from the last world cup , diego forlan , is also involved .
learning : chile 's arturo vidal has struggled to recover from an almost identical injury .
but only if they failed to take three points this weekend would they feel it necessary to rush suarez back for what would then be a key clash against roy hodgson 's side .
the fact is there is an acute awareness in the uruguayan camp of the crisis which has hit chile after they brought back vidal , the juventus midfielder , too early .
the 27-year-old underwent knee surgery in early may to repair a meniscus -- the same knee condition which saw liverpool striker suarez break down in uruguay training and require an operation .
there were confident claims from santiago that vidal would be back for the world cup .
but a surprise 15-minute appearance in a friendly against northern ireland in montevideo on may 30 proved disastrous .
vidal 's knee swelled badly and now his hopes of appearing for the chileans here in brazil are in serious doubt .
easing him in : suarez has been taking part in some light ball work at training this week .
vidal is as important to chile -- who face a tough group with spain and the netherlands - as suarez is to uruguay .
uruguay coach tabárez said : ` we have no set deadlines with suarez .
i do n't know if we 'll have him for the first match , for the second , for the third .
if it were