by .
a. greg .
a disgraced former investment banker who pleaded guilty to insider trading has begged the judge for a lenient sentence in a manhattan court , saying he only stole to help support his love child .
frank ` perk ' hixon , jr , 55 , who is due to be sentenced friday , told the judge that his ex-girlfriend and mother of his daughter was ` too proud ' to accept money - but apparently happily accepted investment advice .
a lawyer for hixon , who has been married for 26 years to marguerite lammot lee , wrote in a letter to judge ronnie abrams that his client 's crimes were committed out of love for his illegitimate daughter , and not greed .
stolen heart : former senior managing director at evercore group frank perkins hixon jr. -lrb- pictured in april -rrb- is asking for a lenient sentence because he says he stole for love not greed .
hixon 's crimes ` pale in comparison to the pervasive , calculated and economically-driven conduct of defendants such as raj rajaratnam , ' william f. johnson argued .
hixon was also charged with using inside information to trade in his father 's account .
prosecutors are asking for 46-to-57 months in prison , reports the new york post .
he was a managing director at evercore until january when he was fired following his arrest .
he pleaded guilty to five counts of securities fraud and one count of making false statements to federal agents for crimes that occurred between october 2011 and january 2013 .
hixon claims the mother of his daughter , destiny robinson , would not accept his child support checks for their daughter who was born in 2008 , but she was happy to receive investment advice .
he .
committed the fraud in a misguided attempt to remain in contact with his .
daughter , who was conceived during a two-year extramarital .
relationship , reports bloomberg .
` her pride would allow her to accept his investment ideas , but not his checks , ' johnson said in the court filing .
indiscretion : hixon 's daughter from his two-year affair with destiny robinson was born in 2008 .
so he set up an account in her name and used his inside knowledge to make trades on her behalf .