by .
martin robinson for mailonline .
children as young as six are regularly being exposed to violence and prostitution in video games because more than half of parents ignore age ratings , a new survey revealed today .
primary school children are playing titles like grand theft auto -lrb- gta -rrb- and call of duty for up to six hours a day despite many having an 18 certificate .
one expert has said that a six-year-old boy asked her what a brothel was and where he could find one because you can solicit prostitutes in gta .
scroll down for video .
survey : primary school children are playing titles like grand theft auto -lrb- pictured -rrb- for up to six hours a day despite many having an 18 certificate , exposing them to violence .
account : one expert said a six-year-old who played gta , where you can pick up prostitutes , asked what a brothel was and where to find one .
the survey of parents found 52 per cent with children aged six to 17 say that their child has played play video games when they are below the age limit .
the survey conducted by yougov for 5 news also revealed one in four parents notice a negative change in behaviour after their children played the games .
one in three felt their offspring spent too much time playing games and it was getting in the way of physical activity .
but 57 per cent said they believe their children can handle the content in the restricted games , even if though they are underage .
child protection expert , sharon girling , who gives presentations to schools on child safety said : ` in grand theft auto you have pornography scenes whereby a person can go into a brothel .
one six year old asked me what it was .
' i listen to the language that some of these young people are starting to use and they are not getting it from the television - they are actually getting it from the games .
the teachers notice a change in behaviour .
' picture of britain : many parents admitted that they saw a change in behaviour by their children and counsellors believe an addiction to games can be a s strong as drugs .
mrs girling believes part of the problem