by .
martin robinson .
published : .
07:09 est , 16 april 2012 .
| .
updated : .
09:07 est , 16 april 2012 .
the parents of a seven-week-old baby girl have appeared in court charged with her murder .
lee davison , 28 , and jessica hopkinson , 18 , are accused of injuring krystal davison at their home in pontefract , west yorkshire , and both sobbed throughout the short hearing today .
krystal was taken to pinderfields hospital in wakefield last thursday evening and police were called in after reports of a baby being brought in with serious injuries .
tragic : seven-week-old krystal davison is alleged to have been killed by her parents .
she died in the early hours of the next morning .
today the pair spoke only to confirm their names , addresses and dates of birth at pontefract magistrates court .
accused : jessica hopkinson , 18 , pictured , and lee davison , 28 , are charged with the murder of baby krystal .
flanked by three security officers davison , with short brown hair , jeans and a grey sweater crossed with thin blue lines , stood in front of hopkinson , dressed in a bright pink top with black hair hanging down to her shoulders .
the pair were visibly upset during the short hearing , her wiping her eyes with a white tissue and him crying with his head on his arms , but they did not acknowledge each other in the dock .
they were both told that their case is to be sent to leeds crown court on wednesday .
no bail application was made .
the public gallery held around eight people , consisting of police and friends of the defendants .
it is understood the couple moved to their rented three-bedroom home in pontefract in february .
a neighbour said the family had rushed to hospital on thursday and police had been stood outside their semi-detached house ever since .
keith coverdale said he had seen little of the couple since they arrived in the street - and even less of their child .
on guard : two police officers outside the house of lee davison and jessica pontefract who are accused of killing their young baby krystal .
murder investigation : the seven-week-old baby girl eventually died at pinderfields hospital