a meeting with inter milan stirs youthful memories in john guidetti .
he once wore the famous black-and-blue jersey and dreamed of emulating zlatan ibrahimovic .
that fondness for this giant of serie a could have been cemented when he almost joined their ranks barely into his teens .
on thursday , however , he would simply love a chance to play his part in cutting them down to size .
guidetti is on a scoreless streak dating back to november , when a goal against hearts was his 11th in his first 12 games for celtic .
john guidetti trains ahead of celtic 's europa league clash with inter milan at celtic park .
the swede , on loan from manchester city , has been replaced by leigh griffiths as ronny deila 's first-choice striker .
but he revealed a return to potent form against inter would carry special significance .
` they 're one of my favourite teams , ' guidetti told italian newspaper gazzetta dello sport .
` when i was little , i supported inter .
i had the shirt , too .
i 'm swedish , and zlatan -lrb- ibrahimovic -rrb- was in milan , so i was at san siro for him .
` once i nearly even joined inter , i was about 13 , i was taken to milan and trained there .
i also played a bounce game against a former club legend , beppe baresi i think .
' while inter may have been a source of inspiration in the past , guidetti will look to his current surroundings at parkhead .
a 60,000 sell-out will give the 22-year-old a long-awaited taste of the stadium at its best .
premiership games drawing barely half that number simply are n't the same .
guidetti -lrb- right -rrb- revealed he liked inter milan as a child , and in particular zlatan ibrahimovic -lrb- left -rrb- .
to guidetti , harnessing the power of their support will be crucial as celtic seek to overcome inter in the first leg of their europa league last-32 tie .
the striker has plentiful respect for the talent at roberto mancini 's disposal , yet is confident celtic will stand up and be counted .
` inter are a very strong team , ' he said .
` -lrb- xherdan -rrb- shaqiri is great , i played