by .
daily mail reporter .
last updated at 7:06 pm on 11th august 2011 .
an 11-year-old girl arrested during rioting smirked and refused to apologise to a judge when she appeared in court this morning .
nottingham magistrates heard the youngster had not yet began senior school having finished at primary school only last month .
the court heard the defendant , who ca n't be named because of her age , had travelled 16 miles on tuesday from her foster home in shirebrook , derbyshire , to nottingham city centre .
prosecutor sumaiya saeedullah said the girl was in a macdonald 's restaurant in the centre of nottingham with a friend at around 7pm when she heard talk of there being a riot .
young crime : an 11-year-old girl leaves nottingham magistrates court today after admitting criminal damage in the riots , and right , a 12 year-old-boy who admitted burglary at manchester magistrates court today .
ms saeedullah said the defendant later told police she had been in a ` happy mood ' because she was about to take part in a riot .
she .
left the fast food restaurant and joined a group of about 30 males and .
three other girls .
most of them masked their faces with bandannas .
the .
prosecutor described what happened next as ' a large scale rampage ' .
the .
11-year-old was seen by witnesses hurling stones at shop windows .
they .
gave a description of the girl to police who arrested her on milton .
street in nottingham city centre between 11.30 pm and midnight on .
tuesday .
she had been in custody until her court appearance this morning .
district .
judge morris cooper heard the mixed race girl , who looks older than her .
age , made full admissions to police after she had been arrested .
she .
told officers she had been ` egged on ' by others present , grabbed stones .
from a plant pot and hurled them at two fashion shop windows , new look .
and flannels .
damage : a policewoman stands outside canning circus police station in nottingham after it was firebombed during riots in the city .
during the interview she told police that she knew she was taking part in a serious disturbance but ` was n't bothered