a picturesque tourist destination on catalonia 's costa brava is cracking down on rowdy stag and hen parties that disturb locals and other visitors .
the seafront town of tossa de mar is so fed up with drunken and scantily-clad tourists from britain and other countries that it has banned stag and hen dos during the month of august and placed them under strict regulations throughout the rest of the year .
local authorities say the new rules are aimed at party planners -- not individual groups of visitors -- who organise booze cruises , treasure hunts and other events for tourists ' stag and hen dos .
residents of tossa de mar have had enough of rowdy stag and hen parties -lrb- file photo -rrb- .
the town is taking action after locals complained about drunken partygoers urinating in the street and singing loudly in the town 's squares in the early morning hours .
mayor gisela saladich pares told the guardian : ` they come here and do whatever they want .
it ca n't be like that .
' to deter raucous behaviour , party planners must apply for annual permits and give police a detailed itinerary for each event they host in the town on the mediterranean sea .
the picturesque seafront town has banned stag and hen dos during the month of august .
party planners are now required to obtain permits and share their itineraries with local police .
planners risk being fined or shut down by police if they do n't follow the rules and visitors could be slapped with fines of up to # 480 if they are too loud in public places .
located 60 miles north of barcelona in north-eastern spain , tossa de mar lures holidaymakers with its sandy beaches , blue waters and a hilltop castle .
its mayor said the restrictions are meant to give locals some peace and quiet , not to spoil tourists ' fun .
she said : ` they can be on a boat having the party of their life , that 's fine , but when they get off the boat they should walk calmly to the restaurant or hotel .
' tossa de mar 's mayor says the new rules are not meant to spoil the tourists ' fun .
spain is one of the most popular destinations for britons looking