by .
daily mail reporter .
and associated press .
published : .
11:33 est , 15 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
12:37 est , 15 january 2014 .
keeping history alive : alexandria , virginia currently has a law that mandates that a certain number of new streets be named after confederate generals given the town 's involvement in the civil war .
a city just 15 minutes ' drive away from washington d.c. is now considering a repeal of an old law that requires a certain number of new streets to be named for long-dead confederate generals .
alexandria in northern virginia , just across the potomac river from the nation 's capital , is steeped in history but some local politicians are hoping to prevent some new reminders of the civil war .
city councilman justin wilson introduced legislation for tuesday night 's council meeting to do away with a 1963 law requiring that any new ` streets running in a generally north-south direction shall , insofar as possible , bear the names of confederate military leaders .
' wilson 's bill also would eliminate a .
requirement that new east-west streets be named for persons or places .
prominent in american history .
wilson .
said he wants to remove a series of anachronistic laws , and his .
proposal also would repeal a ban on ` lewd cohabitation ' and laws .
regulating a bygone fad of ` rebound tumbling , ' a form of trampolining .
as a practical matter , there is little likelihood that the city will be naming new streets any time soon .
the .
city , inside washington 's capital beltway and separated from the .
nation 's capital by the potomac river , is essentially built out .
in .
fact , the street grid of the city 's old town section dates to colonial .
times .
wilson said that .
symbolically , he believes it 's a good thing to strip from the code a .
provision that in some ways glorifies the confederacy .
staying the same : while old town alexandria -lrb- pictured -rrb- is steeped in history , the greater area of alexandria is continuing to expand as many people live in the area and commute to washington , d.c. as it is just minutes away .
very close :