murdered : nypd officer rafael ramos tried to tell paramedics his name before losing consciousness , according to an ambulance worker on the scene .
fatally wounded nypd officer rafael ramos tried in vain to tell paramedics his name before losing consciousness , the first emt on the scene said yesterday .
tantania alexander , 23 , who works for the bedford-stuyvesant volunteer ambulance corps , returned to the tragic setting where ramos and fellow officer wenjian liu were murdered on saturday .
the pair were in their marked nypd cruiser on a brooklyn street when gunman ismaaiyl brinsley opened fire on them , then fled to a subway station where he committed suicide .
ms alexander told the new york post : ' i took charge of both patients .
first was the driver -lsb- ramos -rsb- , he was in the car , his face was pushed to the side of the door .
` he was not moving .
we called their names and no response .
we pulled them out of the car onto backboards , and my partner started cpr .
each man had shots to the head .
` the driver was shot in the head , the chest and the thigh .
-lsb- he -rsb- was conscious when i started working on him .
he tried to tell me his name , and then he just went out .
' the paramedic said ramos was rushed to woodhull medical center and was still alive when she left him in the hospital 's trauma room .
she describes the traumatic experience as an ` open wound ' - claiming she still ca n't believe it happened .
police commissioner bill bratton said it is unlikely either cop had time to understand what was happening when killer brinsley , an amateur rapper with a history of criminal convictions , stood by the front passenger window and fired a round of fatal shots into their heads .
both were taken to brooklyn 's woodhull medical center where they were pronounced dead .
scroll down for video .
tragic setting : forensic officers collect evidence at the scene where nypd officers rafael ramos and wenjian liu were gunned down while in their cruiser on saturday .
nypd officer wenjian liu -lrb- left -rrb- was also killed by gunman ismaaiyl brinsley in his depraved rampage .
bratton and