a retired wisconsin sheriff 's deputy accused of murdering his wife and her sister appeared in court and plead not guilty to the crime , blaming it on the side effects from als .
andrew steele , 40 , of fitchburg , claims that the terminal disease - which he was diagnosed with in june - amyotrophic lateral sclerosis -lrb- als -rrb- , affected his brain making him unable to obey the law .
steele argued that he was not guilty by reason of mental disease or defect to first-degree intentional homicide charges because he could not resist impulses , according to twincities.com .
als : andrew steele , pictured in court in 2014 , was wheeled into the courtroom by bailiffs at the start of a status conference before circuit judge nicholas mcnamara .
case : steele argued that he was not guilty by reason of mental disease or defect to first-degree intentional homicide charges because he could not resist impulses .
tragic sisters : this undated photo provided by rachelle putnam shows ashlee steele , left , and her sister , kacee tollefsbol , both were found dead of gunshot wounds at steele 's home in fitchburg , wisconsin .
the former cop spoke in court , briefly , for the first time since he was charged with first-degree intentional homicide for the murders of his wife , ashlee steele , 39 , and her sister , kacee tollefsbol , 38 , of lake elmo , at the steele home in fitchburg on august 22 , 2014 .
tollefsbol called 911 and told a dispatcher that her brother-in-law had shot her before she died .
ashlee steele , 39 , was found shot in the head in the master bedroom and cops found andrew steele sitting in a laundry room with a pistol .
the former deputy had started the dryer and vented it back into the room and he had set up a grill loaded with hot charcoal in the room .
the killings came just days after the victims and the suspect 's friends took part in the als ice bucket challenge , raising $ 23,000 towards the ailing deputy 's medical expenses .
however , the motive for the slayings remains a mystery .
the sisters have left six children behind .
death : sisters ashlee steele , left , and kacee m. tollefsbol ,