by .
james rush .
published : .
12:04 est , 26 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:29 est , 26 july 2013 .
terry collins has been jailed for 16 years for two terrifying sex attacks .
a taxi driver rapist who lured young women into his cab by decking it out with disco lights and sweets was today jailed for 16 years for two terrifying sex attacks .
terry collins , 61 , who was known as the ` disco cabbie ' , was told by a judge that he remained a danger to women for as long as he was sexually active .
the predator cruised the streets at night looking to entice potential victims into his brightly-lit ` honey trap ' taxi .
the pervert took photos of female passengers in drunken and inappropriately-dressed states using a dashboard camera .
in march 2010 he raped a girl of 14 after making her get into his taxi before forcing himself upon her .
two years later he raped a 20-year-old woman reveller after she got into his citroen picasso cab at a rank at the end of a night out .
police fear collins has attacked other women customers in the past but they have never come forward .
fellow cabbies spent three years raising their concerns to the licensing authority about the predator 's suspicious behaviour and his oddly-decorated taxi .
their fears were raised further when he posted a number of his photos of female fares on his facebook page in june 2011 .
officials ordered him to strip out the camera and the disco and strobe lights as well as a collection of soft toys and lollipops , but he kept them up .
he went on to attack his second victim after he opened the front passenger door as she staggered towards a taxi rank in bournemouth , dorset , during the early hours of march 10 last year .
as he drove along , with his eyes on the road , he indecently touched the shocked woman .
he then pulled into some darkened garages where he forced her to perform a sex act on him and raped her .
police arrested bespectacled collins and quickly linked him to the 2010 attack on the 14-year-old .
he denied two charges of rape and one count of sexual assault makin