by .
tim shipman .
published : .
20:23 est , 30 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
04:25 est , 31 january 2014 .
david cameron 's authority was dented yesterday after he was forced to rely on labour and liberal democrat votes to face down a mass rebellion by his backbenchers over immigration .
the prime minister appeared unable to control his party as 86 tory mps voted to stop foreign prisoners using the right to a family life in the human rights act to stay in britain .
on a day of farce in westminster , downing street and the home office rejected an amendment tabled by tory backbencher dominic raab as illegal and unworkable but then announced they would abstain on the vote rather than annoy the rebels .
david cameron 's authority was dented yesterday after he was forced to rely on labour and liberal democrat votes to face down a mass rebellion by his backbenchers over immigration .
in a fresh coalition split , liberal democrat ministers broke ranks with their conservative colleagues and voted to defeat the amendment on the grounds that it breaches the european convention on human rights .
but the rebels were only defeated when labour leader ed miliband ordered his mps to oppose the plans as well .
the raab amendment was finally thrown out by 241 votes to 97 , with 86 tories rebelling .
privately , some mps compared mr cameron 's position to that of john major , who was described as being ` in office but not in power ' during the latter days of his premiership .
one said : ` there is the appearance of chaos ... at best .
' the battle came as the coalition 's immigration bill was passed into law , limiting migrants ' access to the nhs and council housing .
tory mp dominic raab wanted the home secretary - rather than the courts - have the final say on whether an offender 's family links are strong enough to allow them to avoid deportation .
home secretary theresa may won a battle to toughen up the bill , passing a government amendment to give ministers the power to strip people suspected of terrorist activities of their british passports -- even if that leaves them stateless .
during the debate , mr raab said foreign criminals