by .
emma reynolds .
updated : .
19:55 est , 17 february 2012 .
a student who hacked facebook from his bedroom in york , and could have brought down the entire # 31billion empire , was jailed for eight months yesterday .
glenn mangham , 26 , impersonated an employee of the social networking site while on holiday and hacked into three of its servers .
using the code name ` gamma ray ' he stole the secret code ` that gives facebook its value ' and downloaded it to his hard drive on his home computer .
glenn mangham -lrb- left -rrb- , 26 , who hacked facebook from his bedroom in york , was jailed for eight months today .
pictured last year with his father , also called glenn .
his theft of valuable computer code from the company , caused panic among authorities including the fbi , who feared it was a case of industrial espionage .
judge alistair mccreath at southwark crown court asked : ` he could have brought down the whole empire presumably ?
' prosecutor sandip patel replied : ` potentially , yes .
' the .
software development student from york downloaded ` highly sensitive .
intellectual property ' including valuable computer ` code ' when he hacked the world 's largest social network between april and may last year .
mangham - who it is believed has asperger 's .
and was said to have ` no social life ' - claims that his work was ` ethical hacking ' and he breached the security .
so that he could find vulnerabilities within the site , which the .
developers could then strengthen .
security breach : glenn mangham infiltrated the website in ` the gravest ' example of social media hacking to come before the british courts .
however , judge mccreath told him : ` this was not just a bit of .
harmless experimentation - you accessed the very heart of the system of an .
international business of massive size .
` this was not just fiddling about in .
the business records of some tiny business of no great importance and you .
acquired a great deal of sensitive and confidential information to which you .
were simply not entitled .
' he added : ` potentially what you did .
could have