fernando torres scored in the first minute of each half as atletico madrid booked a place in the copa del rey quarter finals and ruined cristiano ronaldo 's ballon d'or celebrations .
back at atletico on loan after an dreadful spell at chelsea , the former # 50m striker lashed a first-time effort high into the net past goalkeeper keylor navas to put atletico 1-0 ahead on the night and 3-0 up on aggregate .
the 30-year-old , included in the starting lineup in place of an ailing mario mandzukic , had never scored against real at their bernabeu stadium and , after sergio ramos made it 1-1 , he restored atletico 's lead with a neat finish just after the interval .
click here for pete jenson 's full match report .
host commentator .
simeone has pulled off a tactical masterclass at the santiago bernabeu .
torres ' double proved to be significant as atletico progress to the quarter-finals of the copa del rey .
ramos and ronaldo struck for the home side but they were unable to find a further three goals .
attention now turns to barcelona 's clash against elche .
atletico madrid are starting to control possession now .
real look extremely despondent .
not exactly a brave prediction but it does not look like real are going to be able to pull the three-goal deficit -lrb- due to atletico 's away goals -rrb- back .
they appear to have run out of steam with just under 10 minutes left on the clock .
ancelotti will have been extremely disappointed with his side 's display today .
his attacking trio of ronaldo , bale and benzema have failed to impress this evening .
just to remind you , real need three goals in under 20 minutes if they are to progress to the next round of the copa del rey .
the winners are likely to face barcelona , who lead elche 5-0 from the first leg .
benzema has to do better .
the frenchman blasts the ball over the bar from close range to the delight of atletico 's defender .
surely time for hernandez to be given a chance .
with 67 minutes gone , ronaldo - despite scoring real 's second - has hardly had a sniff at goal .
the ballon d'or winner will be extremely disappointed with how