by .
associated press .
and zoe szathmary .
toronto mayor rob ford ` appeared intoxicated ' and invited an unidentified woman into his office for an hour when city hall was closed for a public holiday just days before he entered rehab , according to a security report released friday .
the city hall report , released friday after a freedom of information request , said ford was ` slurring his words , red in the face , and sweating profusely ' when he asked a security guard to ` bring her up ' just before 8 p.m. on april 21 , easter monday .
the report said the woman left ford 's office after an hour .
having trouble ?
rob ford is seen getting into a vehicle in this security camera footage from easter monday .
` stumbling ' : the mayor 's feet can be seen moving in the video .
his brother doug ford has called the movements ` muscle spasms ' from lifting weights .
ford remains in rehab for alcohol addiction after announcing in april that he was seeking treatment after another video surfaced that apparently showed him smoking crack .
ford admitted last year after reports of a similar video that he had smoked crack in a ` drunken stupor , ' following months of denials .
that was just one of many public incidents of bad behavior that led the city council to strip him of most of his powers .
the mayor had become an international sensation , with late-night tv comedians in the u.s. repeatedly skewering him .
the city hall security report from april 21 said that doug ford , the mayor 's brother and a city councilor , arrived later at city hall and escorted his brother and a different security guard to the parking garage .
` the mayor can be seen stumbling and even falling on the ground before being seated in the vehicle , ' the report states .
security footage shows doug ford in the driver 's seat .
doug ford attributed his brother 's behavior to ` muscle spasms ' that night .
` he had muscle spasms in his legs but that is about as far as i saw , ' ford said in an interview with the toronto sun .
` he was bench pressing a lot of weight and