published : .
04:05 est , 25 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:13 est , 25 november 2013 .
time for change : morpurgo , above , said the reintroduction of story time would give children the opportunity to contemplate stories , instead of using them as tools .
author michael morpurgo has called on the education secretary michael gove to reintroduce ` story time ' in schools , saying children need the time during their working day for ` contemplation ' .
the former children 's laureate and author of war horse , said listening sessions where students are not tested on what they have heard would teach young people to rediscover their love for reading .
morpurgo , himself a former teacher , said he believes books are primarily to be enjoyed and that the current education system makes texts seem like working tools which are used solely to improve english .
in a direct message to the education minister , the writer said a change in culture was required to change attitudes towards reading .
speaking to the daily telegraph , he said : ` you can not force this medicine down their throats and say `` you have to learn this because you 're going to be tested on it '' .
' ` it 's really , really important for .
children to have these moments in the school day for contemplation , there must be no questions afterwards , no comprehension exercises .
and no testing .
' i would like to see it in every school in the country , mr gove .
' morpurgo , 70 , was speaking at the opening of a new new library , built at brackenbury primary school , west london , after parents raised # 95,000 in funds .
they held a series of cake sales , sponsored walks and charity auctions , with a local building contractor offering to work with the school at a discount .
morpurgo said he felt ` very , very strongly ' about the need to give children the time to ` come to stories ' .
kevin .
courtney , deputy general secretary of the national union of teachers , .
said ideas such as reinstating story time could ` certainly help ' to .
instill a love of reading in children and are ` worth