a green-fingered pensioner 's attempt to grow shrubs and flowers in his front garden has spectacularly back-fired - after the foliage grew so fast it engulfed his entire house .
colin melbourne 's # 240,000 semi-detached property in posh leamington spa , warwickshire , has become consumed by rampant ivy and conifers , leaving it invisible to passers-by .
his front garden is so overrun with plants the windows , front door and even the garage are hidden beneath the sprawling greenery .
scroll down for video .
the # 240,000 home in posh leamington spa has become almost invisible to passers-by due to sprawling ivy .
neighbours would help pensioner tame his unruly garden if asked but think owner is ` probably too proud to ask ' residents who live near mr melbourne , 78 , are now urging the council to help him bring his wayward garden back under control .
one resident , who did not want to be named , said : ` mr melbourne lives in the house and has done for many years .
` he is often seen planting flowers and shrubs but the weather this year has sent them skyward .
` he is a character and usually puts his plants in bags before transferring them into his garden .
one resident said that the good weather this year has sent the green-fingered pensioner 's foliage up to the sky .
` the front garden has also been a bit unruly but this summer the good weather has sent the ivy and conifers shooting up .
` the house is so hidden you ca n't even see the front door .
' i feel sorry for the people living directly next door because their home is very nicely kept and has recently been repainted .
another local said it was unfair for neighours who take care of their home but live next to the unsightly foliage .
' i hate to say it but the house has become a bit of an eyesore and the council really should take some action if for no other reason than to help mr melbourne control his plants .
` it must be really depressing living like that , it must be very gloomy inside .
' another neighbour added : ` mr melbourne is no trouble to us or anyone on the street .
`