by .
margot peppers .
published : .
11:19 est , 19 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:21 est , 19 december 2013 .
restaurant owners across the country have been stocking up on sriracha after learning that the hot sauce plant will remain closed through mid-january .
last week , the state of california ordered huy fong foods to halt production at its irwindale plant for 30 days , citing a new rule enforced by the department of public health that requires a 30-day hold on the product , to ensure that bacteria is n't gathering in the bottles .
but while the company has claimed that there is enough hot sauce in stock to last until mid-january , when the factory reopens , sriracha enthusiasts are taking no chances .
sriracha lovers are stocking up after the state of california ordered huy fong foods to halt production temporarily , citing a new rule that requires a 30-day hold to ensure that bacteria is n't gathering in the bottles .
jennifer saesue , general manager of obao hell 's kitchen , told dnainfo : ` we 've stocked up since a couple weeks ago , when we got word of a possible impending shortage .
' she claims that she has enough sriracha at the new york restaurant to last another three months , just in case .
and kristine mana-ay , executive chef of the windsor in the west village , said she was very disheartened to learn of the factory closure .
she goes through about two dozen 12-ounce bottles of sriracha a week , and uses it for her popular chicken wing recipe .
` one of my friends told me about it and i was like , `` oh no !
why ?
oh my god !
i 'm gon na die !
'' ' she said .
' i am concerned .
people will be crushed - it 's our most-used condiment ' for ben thach , who works at kim son vietnemese restaurant in houston , texas - where customers go through around 100 bottles of sriracha a week - the shortage could mean trouble for business .
' i am concerned , ' he told the chron .
` people will be crushed , it 's our most-used condiment .
' according to health department .
spokeswoman anita gore