a pregnant journalist was recovering in hospital last night after a pro-kremlin political leader in russia told two male aides to ` violently rape ' her .
nationalist vladimir zhirinovsky launched his extraordinary tirade after reporter stella dubovitskaya asked him an innocuous question about sanctions against ukraine .
the 67-year-old mp 's outburst came before a deadly gunfight at a ukraine checkpoint controlled by pro-russian separatists tore apart an easter truce .
scroll down for video .
vladimir zhironovsky launched an extraordinary rant at journalist stella dubovitskaya -lrb- pictured right in a light-coloured shirt -rrb- at a press conference today - telling two male aides to ` violently ' rape her .
zhirinovsky turns to shout at the journalist , who is six months pregnant , after she asks him about sanctions against ukraine .
the attack raised tensions and led separatists to call for russian military intervention to protect civilians .
moscow .
and local militia claimed five people were killed in the firefight at .
around 1am yesterday near slavyansk , blaming a far-right group for the .
attack .
` the easter truce has been violated , ' the russian foreign ministry said in a statement .
` this provocation ... testifies to the lack of will on the part of the kiev authorities to rein in and disarm extremists .
' the politician approaches the female reporter - gesticulating at her wildly .
he then told her : ` this is no place for you if you 're pregnant ' but ukraine has accused moscow of a ` cynical provocation ' staged by outside forces .
yesterday .
pope francis prayed in his easter message that god would ` enlighten and .
inspire the initiatives that promote peace in ukraine , so that all .
those involved ... will make every effort to prevent violence ' .
the .
fatal assault was the first serious violence since last week 's signing .
of a proposed peace plan between russia , ukraine , the us and the .
european union .
the deal requires illegal military groups to disband and for gangs to leave seized buildings .
two of zhirinovsky 's aides then approach the woman , following his commands .
one grabs the pregnant reporter while others jump to her defence .
it .
was rejected by separatist leaders , who still occupy police stations .