a british witch doctor who became one of the most prolific conwomen in history may have pocketed a staggering # 5m during her 12-year scam , it emerged today .
juliette d'souza , 59 , was jailed for 10 years at london 's blackfriars crown court last friday after she persuaded vulnerable ` patients ' to hand over their .
life savings - insisting the money would be hung from a sacred tree in the .
amazon as a sacrifice .
initially she was believed to have made around # 1million from the con , which she used to pay for first class flights , antique furniture and a # 3,000 hermes handbag .
but a senior police officer in charge of the investigation said the victims involved in the court case were ` just a fraction ' of the elaborate scheme .
conwoman : a senior police officer has said juliette d'souza -lrb- pictured left when she was younger -rrb- may have pocketed # 5million during her elaborate scam .
the 59 year old was jailed for 10 years last friday -lrb- right -rrb- .
detective constable fiona graham , from .
the metropolitan police , said : ` that 's # 1m from a handful of people , but .
she 's been doing it for decades .
i can easily believe it 's more than .
# 5m .
' d'souza , of hampstead , was jailed for 23 counts of fraud and deception spanning from 1998 to 2010 .
the self-proclaimed healer told potential victims she had .
helped cure john cleese 's daughter of cancer , boasted of knowing .
princess diana and claimed she could introduce a young .
singer to simon cowell .
advertising her services .
in tatler magazine , she charged just # 35 for a consultation but then .
demanded huge sums to be used as the ` sacrifices ' in suriname , south america .
the witch doctor of hampstead : the 59-year-old -lrb- pictured leaving blackfriars crown court after a hearing -rrb- spent the money on luxury goods she never used .
there she claimed two other shamans would perform .
rituals around the money before it was sent back with all the victims ' problems resolved - but the money was never returned .
police fear the bogus shaman healer may .
have used links to the