tom watson is a keen hunter and was on a pheasant shoot near his kansas home last year when his phone rang with ` the call i 've been waiting for since 1993 ' offering him the captaincy again .
in common with numerous american golfers , his vice-captain steve stricker is also a great hunting enthusiast .
tom watson says the chance to captain team usa again was ` the call i 've been waiting for since 1993 ' g-mac 's nappy days .
graeme mcdowell 's daughter vale esme is a month old tomorrow and he claims to have recovered from the mix of adrenalin and exhaustion that followed the birth .
` the nappy effect did n't work so well in denver , ' he said of his last event .
` but now i 've come to terms with the fact that sleeping is gone for ever .
' graeme mcdowell says he 's given up on sleep with a one-month-old daughter to look after .
yanks spellbound .
the americans had every right to be peeved at two of their rookies having their names misspelt on their allotted spots on the driving range .
jordan spieth became ` speith ' while , even worse , jimmy walker was re-christened ` jiimmy ' .
probably not great for their confidence but it was cock-up rather than conspiracy .
ping-pong king bjorn .
table tennis is the chief recreation of ryder cup teams in the build-up to matches and jamie donaldson -lrb- right -rrb- is trying to get up to speed after taking a beating from thomas bjorn .
` i 've never played with a golfer who is not very good at table tennis , ' he said .
` you can play pool and some are useless , but everyone plays table tennis well .
' the bible brothers .
opponents of the likely american pairing of bubba watson and webb simpson may find themselves up against more than just two very good players .
bubba watson -lrb- centre -rrb- and webb simpson -lrb- right -rrb- discuss the bible and their faith together in their spare time .
their religious faith underpins the americans ' close friendship .
` we go to bible study together and can talk about the things we believe in , ' says watson .
hair-raiser lee .
lee westwood is