the zebra crossing is facing extinction just as it prepares to celebrate its 60th anniversary in britain , experts have revealed .
the iconic crossing is being phased out and replaced with more sophisticated substitutes after a rise in deaths in the last four years .
ironically , the crossings were first introduced in britain to tackle mounting road deaths in the late 1940s and early 1950s .
not so black and white : many motorists do not heed the rules of the road when approaching the crossings , failing to give pedestrians right of way .
but it seems the effectiveness of the crossing today could be in decline as it emerged many drivers fail to stop for pedestrians walking over the black and white painted pathway .
the first zebra crossing was .
officially opened in slough , berkshire , on october 31 , 1951 and the .
crossings have been a prominent feature of the british landscape for six .
decades .
however , during the last five years more than .
1,000 zebra crossings have vanished and many others have been replaced .
by fewer more sophisticated alternatives with lights and flashing signs .
low fines and the reluctance of motorists to stop have also seen deaths on zebra crossings double in the last four years .
andrew hammond , head of road safety at the aa , said : ` zebra crossings are looked on as .
inferior to other pedestrian crossings as there is no red light telling .
cars to stop .
` in towns and villages there is a .
pressure from residents for councils to fit pelican crossings as they .
believe they are safer , so zebras are being phased out .
out with the old : some places could soon be saying goodbye to the zebra 's flashing warning beacon to make way for more modern pedestrian crossings .
' i suspect zebra crossings will .
continue to have a role in some busy town centres where they can be .
effective at helping people cross without constantly stopping the .
traffic .
` but in villages and towns i think .
they will eventually become extinct .
' the government decided to .
introduce zebra crossings in 1951 as road traffic fatalities were .
mounting .
post-war britain only had 10 per cent .
of its current traffic