the mother of murdered schoolgirl sarah payne has been forced to quit twitter after years of ` unrelenting ' abuse , mainly by trolls delighting in the death of her daughter .
dr sara payne endured ` stalking and harassment ' online , including by a convicted paedophile , her closest friend has said .
shy keenan , who is a child protection campaigner said today ms payne was ` forced to close down her twitter account ' and called for the suspects to be arrested .
the abuse dr payne suffered increased in recent weeks , particularly after the death of her ex-husband michael , 45 .
shame : dr sara payne , left , has quit twitter after unrelenting abuse by trolls , particularly about the murder of her daughter .
he died alone in his armchair after being driven to drink and despair by the death of his daughter and his family said he was tortured by ` the fact he was n't there to protect her ' .
their daughter was snatched by paedophile roy whiting from a field near her grandparents ' home in west sussex , where she was playing with older brothers luke and lee and younger sister charlotte in 2000 .
tragedy : the abuse dr payne suffered increased in recent weeks , particularly after the death of her ex-husband michael , 45 , pictured .
mr payne spoke of his battle with depression in the aftermath of the ordeal , when he suffered recurring nightmares and used alcohol to cope with her death .
michael payne and his then wife made a series of heart-rending appeals for her safe return , but her body was discovered 16 days later in a shallow grave just a few miles away .
whiting was sentenced to life behind bars in january 2001 , in what became one of britain 's most high profile child murder cases .
it later emerged that whiting was already on the sex offenders register after abducting and sexually attacking another eight-year-old .
the death of his daughter became one of britain 's most high profile child-murder cases and mrs payne later campaigned for ` sarah 's law ' .
the rule allows concerned parents or grandparents to contact police to find out if a new boyfriend , or a neighbour , who has contact with a child , has