by .
toni jones .
published : .
07:48 est , 6 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:00 est , 6 june 2013 .
the kardashian sisters love to keep things in the family , and recently mother-of-two kourtney admitted that she would be happy to be breastfeed sister kim 's baby daughter .
pregnant kim is n't convinced by the idea , calling it ` disgusting ' , but the idea of wet nursing is actually an age-old parenting method that dates back to the ancient greeks .
sisters bunty rowe and kyle aldridge have seven children between them and often breastfeed their neices and nephews .
they are both members of the pro-breastfeeding group lactivist and say that cross-feeding is natural and convenient and has even brought their children closer together .
scroll down for video .
sisters bunty rowe and kyle aldridge have practised ` nipple sharing ' for over four years .
26-year-old bunty -lrb- l -rrb- says that cross-feeding gives her 'em otional comfort ' and 30-year-old kyle -lrb- r -rrb- has started a facebook group for women who need to wet-nurse because of illness or emergency .
on this morning today the two women from cam in gloucs explained why ` nipple sharing ' works for them .
bunty , 26 , who has two daughters mabel , four , and ede , two , said : ` we enjoy breastfeeding , at the end of the day its all about choice .
it 's a convenience thing as well as emotionally comforting .
i did n't want to give my children formula , that 's just a choice i made , so it gave me great emotional comfort to know that if my sister was looking after my daughter she could feed her .
' her sister kyle , 30 , who has five children , explained : ` there was never any big conversation about it it happened naturally when my sister went out one day and was nervous -lsb- about leaving her daughter -rsb- and i said if she cries shall i feed her ?
' ` how often and how much has varied over time .
it 's all about meeting the needs of the children .
' the two women have been breastfeeding each others children for the past four years .
kyle , a full-time