the biological mother of a five-year-old boy who was found severely malnourished and covered in bruises revealed her relief today at being reunited with her son after the child 's father banned her from seeing him .
windy hall also told of the shocking abuse that her son had allegedly suffered at the hands of his father bradley bleimeyer , 24 , and 33-year-old stepmother tammie bleimeyer .
the little boy , who weighs just 29lb , told his mom and grandmother that he was padlocked in a closet under the stairs at the texas home .
he was given just a piece of bread and a cup of water or milk each day and fed drugs when visitors came to the house to keep him quiet .
warning : disturbing images below .
biological mother windy hall -lrb- pictured today -rrb- has been reunited with her five-year-old son -lrb- left -rrb- who was allegedly starved , beaten and locked under the stairs by his father and stepmother .
windy hall told khou today : ` it was the most amazing thing .
it was .
like giving birth again , it was amazing , he knew who i was .
i tried not .
to cry , i have to be strong for him .
' she said that her son , who remains in texas children 's hospital , has eaten spaghetti and a grilled cheese .
however she said that he constantly looks around him when he 's eating like someone is going to take the food away .
stepmother tammie bleimeyer claims that she knew nothing of the mistreatment of her five-year-old stepson .
the little boy 's grandmother jacqueline hall said he has told her that he was given drugs to keep him quiet and was n't allowed to eat at the dinner table with his other siblings , who are the children of his stepmother tammi bleimeyer .
miss hall believes that her son was kept in these conditions for about a year .
she said that every time she leaves the room , her son looks up in alarm and she has to remind him that she 's coming back .
a custody hearing will be held on april 21 .
on tuesday , the victim 's pregnant stepmother claimed to be unaware of his horrific condition because she had not seen him