archaeologists have unearthed a palace in what they believe is the fortified judean city of shaarayim , where the bible states king david battled the giant goliath .
the discovery of what is thought to be king david 's palace , measuring 1,000 square metres , was made by hebrew university and the israel antiquities authority .
over the past seven years the teams have also uncovered a huge storehouse containing pots and artefacts that they believe proves the existence of a ruler in judah in the tenth century bce .
archaeologists have unearthed a palace in what they believe is the fortified judean city of shaarayim , where david is said to have battled goliath in the biblical tale .
the discovery of what is thought to be king david 's palace -lrb- an aerial view is pictured -rrb- was made by hebrew university and the israel antiquities authority .
` the ruins are the best example to date of the uncovered fortress city of king david , ' professors yossi garfinkel and saar ganor of hebrew university said .
` this is indisputable proof of the existence of a central authority in judah during the time of king david .
' the biblical city of shaarayim is thought to have become the modern city of khirbet qeiyafa , which is approximately 30 kilometres south west of jerusalem .
archeologists also found over 600 ceramic pots at the site , some of which are pictured .
according to researchers the number of vessels uncovered indicates they were used for tax collection of agricultural produce .
the biblical city of shaarayim is said to have become the modern city of khirbet qeiyafa , approximately 30 kilometres south west of jerusalem .
the professors said that the ruins are the two largest known buildings to have existed at the time of king david in jerusalem .
they added : ` the southern part of a large palace that .
extended across an area of about 1,000 square meters was revealed at .
the top of the city .
` the wall enclosing the palace is about 30 metres long and an impressive entrance is fixed through which one descended to the southern gate of the city , opposite the valley of elah .
` around the palace 's perimeter were .
rooms in which various installations were found -- evidence of