by .
katy winter .
one of the countryâ $ ™ s oldest sets of identical twins put the secret of their longevity down to a close friendship as they celebrated their 90th birthday .
great-great grandmother gladys watkins and her sister dorothy hunt still live in their own homes and phone each other at least five times everyday .
the sisters have remained close friends all their lives and they and their many family and friends believe it is this bond has helped them stay so sprightly during their advancing years .
twin sisters gladys and ` dot ' watkins , now one of the oldest identical twins in the country , pictured celebrating their 90th birthday .
gladys , pictured right age 10 , now has two stepchildren , five step-grandchildren , nine great step-grandchildren and five great-great stepchildren , while mother-of-two dorothy , pictured left aged 10 , has four grandchildren and four great - grandchildren , .
the pair both joined the auxiliary .
territorial service during the second world war - on the proviso that .
they could stay together .
colleagues could only tell the pretty pair apart because gladys was a lance corporal so had an extra stripe on her arm .
they parted ways when clerical worker gladys moved to bristol with husband frank , and dorothy to nottingham with husband bob - but continued to enjoy regular coach holidays together .
the duo marked their milestone birthday with two parties - one in nottingham last month , and a family do in bristol on saturday .
the spry pair , pictured in 1944 during service , both joined the auxiliary territorial service during the second world war - on the proviso that they could stay together .
gladys and dot in 1944 serving during ww2 with the girls from hut 145 .
the two could only been told apart because gladys was a lance corporal so had an extra stripe on her arm .
they parted ways when clerical worker gladys moved to bristol with husband frank , and dorothy to nottingham with husband bob - but continued to enjoy regular coach holidays together .
gladys has two stepchildren , five step grandchildren , nine great step grandchildren and five great-great stepchildren , and still works part time in a cafe in sea mills , bristol .
mother-of-two dorothy , who