martin skrtel has praised the impact steven gerrard has had upon him since arriving at anfield in 2008 but believes liverpool can overcome the difficult challenge of replacing him .
reds captain gerrard is set to feature for liverpool in the fa cup semi-final against aston villa at wembley on sunday , looking to lead his hometown side into the final against arsenal .
should liverpool emerge victorious against villa , gerrard will sign off his anfield career in the final which takes place on his birthday of may 30 , before moving to la galaxy .
martin skrtel -lrb- left -rrb- says departing liverpool captain steven gerrard is still one of the best players in the world .
gerrard is aiming to end his liverpool career by making the fa cup final and beating arsenal .
skrtel -lrb- right -rrb- has praised the impact and example gerrard has set during his time at liverpool .
srktel believes gerrard is synonymous with liverpool and that the midfielder is still one of the game 's leading stars .
` in my eyes he is still one of the best players in the world , ' skrtel told goal.com .
` when you say liverpool it 's always steven gerrard .
it will be different next season and liverpool will never be the same .
' skrtel was signed by rafael benitez from zenit st petersburg seven years ago and despite some indifferent form upon arriving in england , the slovakia international has gone on to become a mainstay in liverpool 's defence .
skrtel revealed that gerrard helped him to settle at the beginning of his time at the club .
' i can say only good things about him , ' skrtel said .
` from the first day i came to liverpool he was here to help me .
he gave me a hand every single day with everything i needed .
i need to say thanks for that .
' while skrtel admits liverpool will be a different side without gerrard among their ranks , he believes the club have potential replacements to the iconic no 8 .
skrtel -lrb- left -rrb- still considers 34-year-old midfield player gerrard one of the best players in the world .
skrtel -lrb- left -rrb- believes liverpool have the players to fill gerrard 's void providing they are given the right help