range-r : at least 50 u.s. law enforcement agencies now have access to radar devices that enable them to effectively see into people 's homes and determine if anyone is inside .
at least 50 u.s. law enforcement agencies now have access to radar devices that enable them to effectively see into people 's homes and determine if anyone is inside .
although the fbi , u.s. marshals service and others have had the technology for more than two years , it only come to light during a federal appeals court hearing in denver last month .
during the case it emerged that officers had used the range-r device before they entered a house to arrest a man wanted for violating his parole .
the judges in the case expressed alarm that agents had used the technology without a search warrant in line with the u.s. supreme court 's advice .
` the government 's warrantless use of such a powerful tool to search inside homes poses grave fourth amendment questions , ' said the judges .
the use of the technology adds to growing concerns about government surveillance and also raises legal and privacy issues .
federal officials claim the tool is critical for keeping officers safe if they need to storm buildings or rescue hostages , but civil liberties groups are n't convinced .
` the idea that the government can send signals through the wall of your house to figure out what 's inside is problematic , ' christopher soghoian , the american civil liberties union 's principal technologist , told usa today .
` technologies that allow the police to look inside of a home are among the intrusive tools that police have .
' the device the marshals service and others are using , known as the range-r , shows whether it has detected movement on the other side of a wall and , if so , how far away it is .
federal contract records show the marshals service began buying the radars in 2012 , and has spent $ 180,000 on them .
the device the marshals service and others are using - known as the range-r - detects movement on the other side of a wall and also how far away it is .
l-3 communications , which makes the device , estimates it has sold about 200 range-rs to 50 law