a diplomatic row between belarus and sweden over teddy bears escalated today when the eastern european country withdrew its embassy staff from stockholm .
belarus also told sweden to take similar action with its diplomats in minsk .
it all stems from a stunt by a swedish pr which parachuted 800 teddy bears into belarus last month .
scroll down for video .
pr stunt : teddy bears parachuting over a residential area in minsk , belarus on july 4 .
diplomatic row : the president of belarus , alexander lukashenko -lrb- pictured -rrb- , has sacked senior members of his staff over the teddy bear incident and is now taking his fury out on sweden .
the company chartered a light aircraft which invaded belarussian airspace to drop the bears , all of which highlighted the lack of human rights in the former soviet state .
a furious belarus president , alexander lukashenko , has sacked senior members of his staff over the incident and is now taking his fury out on sweden .
belarus expelled sweden 's ambassador on august 3 .
the belarussian ambassador to stockholm was also withdrawn .
the foreign ministry said minsk was now pulling out its remaining embassy staff because sweden had aggravated the situation by expelling two more diplomats and had refused to allow a new belarussian ambassador to take up his post .
` in this connection , the belarussian side has been forced to take the decision to withdraw its embassy in sweden and bring back all its -lrb- embassy -rrb- staff to belarus , ' the statement said .
sweden 's foreign minister carl bildt wrote on twitter : ` his fear of human rights reaching new heights .
' swedish tomas mazetti , left , and hannah frey , right , show a teddy bear on a parachute before the stunt was unleashed .
the diplomatic row between belarus and sweden was stepped up after 800 teddy bears were dropped over the eastern european country .
the teddies , with pro democracy signs attached , were dropped by swedish activists from studio total .
the incident was initially denied by the authorities .
the incident was a humiliation for president alexander lukashenko , a hardliner who has been in power in belarus since 1994 and is on poor terms with the west because of his harsh policies towards