by .
michael seamark and christian gysin .
published : .
16:49 est , 19 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
02:39 est , 20 april 2013 .
she is the glamorous brunette dubbed the ` thinking man 's pippa middleton ' .
he is the barrister to the stars frequently pictured with his vip clients .
now , the conduct of these two key lawyers at the leveson inquiry into media standards has been called into question -- after the revelation that they are having an affair .
twice-married david sherborne , 44 , who represented hugh grant and other phone-hacking victims , is in a relationship with mother-of-two carine patry hoskins , junior counsel for lord justice leveson .
scroll down for video .
in a relationship : carine patry hoskins , left , who is junior counsel for lord justice levseson and lawyer to the stars david sherborne , right .
the couple admit going on holiday together to the greek island of santorini in august -- days after months of public hearings at the inquiry ended -- but claim their affair did not begin until after the controversial leveson report was published in november .
the disclosure raises concerns over whether their relationship undermined the integrity of the leveson inquiry .
the pair have already been the subject of gossip in legal circles for several months , with rumours including sightings of the couple late at night in a london bar and breakfasting together at a fashionable brasserie near the royal courts of justice .
but they did not tell lord justice .
leveson or robert jay qc , the inquiry 's senior counsel and miss patry .
hoskins ' immediate superior , of their relationship , with the santorini .
trip brought to the men 's attention only in recent days .
twitter frenzy : carine patry hoskins trended on twitter when she appeared on television in the leveson inquiry .
it is understood the couple claim that they went on holiday together simply to ` discuss the possibility of a future relationship ' .
in a joint statement , the judge and the qc confirmed : ` neither lord justice leveson nor robert jay qc was aware of the fact that ms patry hoskins went on holiday with mr sherborne or that they had a developing relationship .
` mr jay first