he was beaten with a belt , choked and hit in the face with a brick .
but after being rescued by patrol officer brandon melbar of cleveland and close to death , one-year-old pit bull harvard has gone on to become a beloved pet of the man who saved him .
officer melbar originally agreed to just foster the dog , but fell in love with the pooch and decided to officially adopt him .
` he just rolls over , wants you to rub his belly , he 's not aggressive at all ... he 's just been pretty lovable , ' melbar told fox cleveland .
on-the-mend : harvard the pitbul is now one happy pet after being adopted by the officer who rescued him from a brutal attack .
injured : this photo was taken after harvard was attacked by his owner .
he is seen bandages on his legs .
police officers responded to a report from a witness on june 15 about a dog beating , according to the cleveland district of police ¿ s blog .
harvard was found with injuries to his face , legs and paws .
he was allegedly beaten with a brick and a belt .
however things were n't so happy last week .
on june 15 , neighbors called police after hearing a commotion in their street at at east 138th street and harvard avenue around 2.30 am .
witnesses said they saw a man brutally beating his dog .
they believed the dog had caused a mess in the home and the owner was lashing out .
the dog suffered injuries to his face , legs and paws .
as soon as the police arrived , harvard jumped straight in their car .
the owner , peris rice , was arrested and charged with animal cruelty .
peris rice was charged with animal cruelty for allegedly attacking his dog with a brick and a belt .
he pleaded not guilty to to the charge and was fined $ 5,000 .
he pleaded not guilty in cleveland municipal court thursday and was issued $ 5,000 bond .
badges for bullies , an organization that works to build and strengthen the relationship between police , the animal rescue community and the general public , has covered the dog 's treatment and follow up care .