by .
sam webb .
published : .
05:57 est , 6 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:34 est , 6 november 2013 .
social media : prisoner glenn knight has been updating facebook while he is in prison serving a sentence for drug trafficking .
a drug trafficker has boasted online of his cushy life in jail , telling how he watches hours of television and plays computer games .
glenn knight , 26 , used an illegally acquired mobile phone to brag on facebook that his four-and-a-half - year sentence was ` flying by ' .
he posted messages from his cell , saying he watches so much tv that he has turned into a ` soap nerd ' .
the inmate , from wallasey , merseyside , .
nicknamed ` glendog ' also joked .
about ` staying in tonight ' as it was ` too cold to go outside ' .
he also .
said he hoped to move to an even cushier life at category d open jail .
in .
one message , greeted with delight by several facebook friends a day .
after he was sentenced , knight boasted : ` another night in for me - or .
should i say another year haha .
' knight was jailed for his role in a 16-strong gang which smuggled drugs in what police called a ` sophisticated criminal enterprise ' .
laboratories were set up two industrial units in blackpool so he could store preparing and mixing large quantities of drugs .
gang members fearing they were being .
watched by police would regularly ditch mobile phones and change their .
cars in a bid to throw detectives off the scent .
but during the raids officers seized over five kilos of cocaine with a street value in excess of # 550,000 .
over .
30 kilos of mephedrone with a street value in excess of # 300,000 was .
confiscated along with 125 kilo bags of previously used packaging .
containing mephedrone with a street value of # 1.5 million .
over 15 kilos of amphetamine worth in excess of # 150,000 was also seized along with two kilos of skunk cannabis worth # 25,000 .
officers also found mixing tubs , a heat sealing machine and other equipment after raiding the two industrial units .
in all the