jennifer lopez 's boyfriend casper smart is again being accused of stepping out on the american idol judge .
on monday the dirty published a report that the 27-year-old choreographer has been seeing transsexual model xristina marie behind the 44-year-old superstar 's back .
this comes exactly one week after a claim was made that smart had been having a fling with transsexual bikini pinup sofie vissa .
hours after the latest accusation , radaronline reported lopez and smart are on the brink of a split .
` the relationship is all but over , ' a source told the site .
casper has yet to deny this current allegation though he has said he 's never been involved with vissa .
scroll down for video .
a new woman emerges : on monday casper smart , pictured at a charity event in puerto rico on may 26 -lrb- left -rrb- , was accused of having ` inappropriate relations ' with transsexual model xristina marie -lrb- right -rrb- by the dirty .
showing off what she 's got : marie has posted these shots of her chest and posterior to her facebook account .
` jennifer has been embarrassed by him yet again , ' a friend told the site .
` he was not invited to accompany her to new york .
' the beauty is holed up in her new york apartment where she 's making plans to dump her boyfriend of nearly three years , radar maintains .
` casper was told he 's not going to brazil for the world cup , ' the friend said of the soccer tournament that starts june 12 - jennifer made the cup 's official song , ` we are one -lrb- ole ola -rrb- ' with rapper pitbull in may .
` soccer is his favorite sport , so it must really suck for him .
' smart did not appear to be with lopez .
when she attended the healthy childhood launch event in new york on .
sunday as he had work commitments in la. .
instead , the jenny from the block singer was with her sister .
lynda .
casper and jennifer were last seen .
together on may 20 heading to craig 's restaurant in west hollywood after .
she taped american idol .
no casper here : lopez attended the healthy childhood initiative