three men have been detained after taking a man hostage in an apartment in the belgian city of ghent today , sparking fears the siege could be linked to terrorism .
police have taken the men into custody - who left the building with their hands up - and the hostage has now been released unharmed .
it was still unclear why the men had taken the hostage but it was not an act of terror , federal police spokeswoman annemie serlippens said .
` there appears to be nothing political , ' she said .
the incident sparked fears it could be linked to terrorism , occurring hours after police in australia locked down the centre of sydney after an islamist fanatic took numerous hostages in a cafe .
the siege in the dampoort district in ghent ended at around 1pm when armed police in balaclavas emerged from the cordoned-off building and began reopening roads - with one saying : ` it 's over ' .
witnesses reported seeing the men carrying kalashnikovs , but no weapons have been recovered by police yet .
scroll down for video .
a suspected hostage-taker , left , surrenders to police after four armed men invaded an apartment in the belgian town of ghent today .
police officers and special forces stand at the entrance of a building , where four gunmen took a man hostage .
according to news reports , four armed men invaded an apartment in the pilorijnstraat this morning .
it was still unclear why the men had taken the hostage , who has now been released unharmed , but it was not an act of terror , say officials .
the siege ended as armed police stormed the building and three men emerged with their hands up .
belgian broadcaster vrt reported neighbours claiming that the .
flat had been used by drug dealers .
a spokeswoman for state prosecutors said witnesses had reported the men were carrying kalashnikovs - but none have been found yet .
she said : ` three men have been taken away though there were no weapons .
found .
` the earlier reports were of four men with kalashnikovs .
' she added : ` it 's not entirely clear whether someone was in .
fact taken hostage .
' this morning , a wide perimeter around the scene in the