by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
15:35 est , 7 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
00:39 est , 9 december 2012 .
` unethical ' : judge wade mccree reportedly got a witness pregnant after working on her case .
a detroit judge has been placed on leave after texting topless pictures of himself to a married bailiff been accused of getting a witness pregnant while presiding over her child support case .
michigan judge wade mccree was placed on leave friday , sources told the detroit news .
mccree , who is married , allegedly had an affair with geniene la'shay mott after she brought her ex-boyfriend into his court for failing to pay child support .
the lovers even allegedly exchanged text messages discussing potential punishments for her former boyfriend , robert king , who served jail time following the case .
the accusations come just three months after mccree was forced to apologise - and barely held onto his job - after sending nude photographs of himself to a female colleague .
coming forward with these latest claims , his alleged mistress told myfoxdetroit.com : ' i met him as a litigant , a complaining witness in his courtroom , and he stayed around after the case was over and that 's when ... our relationship picked up .
` it went from being a summer fling .
and just something to do ... to falling in love , promises of marriage , me .
getting pregnant , us buying a house together , name it .
' after mccree 's wife found out about the baby , the couple separated but mott said she will keep the child , despite mccree offering her ` anything she .
wanted ' to have an abortion , she said .
she added that she decided to speak out about the .
affair after he went to the wayne county prosecutor claiming she .
was stalking him .
investigators found his complaints baseless , fox .
reported .
affair : mccree allegedly promised geniene la'shay mott , both pictured , he would get divorced and marry her .
together : but he allegedly had a change of heart after his wife found out about her pregnancy .
but there had been a time when she had wanted him around , mott said , and