by .
daily mail reporters and paul thompson .
published : .
22:38 est , 21 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
22:38 est , 21 november 2012 .
a new york businessman claims that jill kelley was so eager to close a billion-dollar business deal that the florida socialite stood up her own husband on their anniversary .
kelley reportedly met adam victor at the republican national convention in tampa .
shortly after they were introduced by mutual friend don phillips , the two began to talk business .
victor is the president and ceo of transgas development systems , a new york-based firm dedicated to the pursuit of clean energy .
connections : emails reveal that jill kelley , pictured leaving her florida home last week , bailed on anniversary plans with her husband with the goal of sealing an energy deal .
kelley claimed that in her capacity as honorary consul for south korea , she could help victor set up a coal plant there .
emails between kelley and victor exclusively obtained by abc news revealed how kelley doggedly pursued the deal .
energy mogul : kelley claimed that in her capacity as honorary consul for south korea , she could help adam victor set up a coal plant there .
at one point , kelley emailed victor : ` adam , i 'm on my flight .
it was wonderful to meet with you .
i was quite impressed learning about the project to say the least .
` i 'm emailing around some contacts , calling in favors , and totally anxious to take this to the next step .
it has huge potential .
it just needs a catalyst like me .
:--rrb- ' while wheeling and dealing with victor , phillips claimed to abc that kelley was n't interested in moving forward , telling him : ` as a result of my personal investigations and business intelligence this is just not going anywhere , don , and you just do n't want to associate with -lsb- victor -rsb- .
' but kelley soon emailed one of victor 's employee , saying she was blowing off her husband scott on their anniversary so that she could speak more about the south korea deal .
the email shown to the network read : ' -lsb- m -rsb- y husband is in agreement