this unusual mixture of tattoos includes disney characters , patterns found on russian prison inmates and even a louis vuitton logo .
but what makes them even more strange is that they have been decorated onto live pigs while they are anaesthetised .
wim delvoye began tattooing live pigs in 1997 in the us , before doing it in china from 2004 to 2008 , where animal welfare laws are more lax .
creation : the unusual mixture of tattoos includes disney princesses , patterns found on russian prison inmates and even a louis vuitton logo .
` spoiled ' : belgiam artist wim delvoye moved to china in 2004 and set up an art farm tattooing his creations onto living pigs .
drawings : mr delvoye kept around 20 pigs that were tattooed based on his designs by a team of chinese experts in anaesthesia and tattooing .
characters : a worker tattooed ariel from the disney film the little mermaid onto the skin of a pig -lrb- left -rrb- , which can also be seen -lrb- right -rrb- .
the belgian artist claimed the pigs were spoiled - with locals in yang zhen , beijing , said to have been amazed at how well they were treated .
up to three artists applied a tattoo simultaneously while each pig was under anaesthetic , and carers regularly moisturised the pigs ' skin .
but animal rights campaigners complained that the pigs were suffering unnecessarily and being abused for improper commercial profit .
the animals ' skins were sold for up to # 55,000 a piece , with one canvas featuring disney characters sold to chanel and made into two bags .
a people for the ethical treatment of animals spokesman said mr delvoye 's actions would have left the pigs ` sore , scared and confused ' .
art : mr delvoye began tattooing live pigs in 1997 in the us , before doing the same in china from 2004 , where animal welfare laws are more lax .
backside : the skin of a pig in china is tattooed with disney characters princess jasmine from aladdin and ariel from the little mermaid .
careful work : up to three artists applied a tattoo simultaneously while the pig was under anaesthetic , while carers moisturised the skin .
stuffed on display : mr delvoye -lrb- pictured -rrb- , 49