by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
09:06 est , 19 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
09:16 est , 19 june 2012 .
rielle hunter says the first time she slept with john edwards was the ` most extraordinary night of her life .
' lurid details continue to emerge about the affair that annihilated the two-time presidential candidate 's political career as hunter 's tell-all memoir slowly leaks to the public .
the couple met in february 2006 at the regency hotel in new york city .
hours after hunter approached the former north carolina senator , he called her up to his hotel room for a night of ` surrender ' and ` zero sleep .
' scroll down for video .
together : john edwards in pictured in new orleans in this december 2006 photo with rielle hunter , who worked as a videographer for the campaign .
first night : hunter slept with edwards within hours of meeting him at an event at the regency hotel in new york city in february 2006 .
hunter claims she wrote the book , ` what really happened : john edwards , our daughter and me , ' to publicly explanation the six-year romance to the couple 's love child , frances quinn hunter .
however , the former campaign videographer seems to leave little to the imagination about her sex life .
the book is due out june 26 .
an extensive interview with abc news will air friday on ' 20/20 .
' hunter says she caught edwards ' eye at the hotel when she followed him out of a reception and said , ` you are so hot .
' hours later , she got a call from him inviting her to his room .
she claims she went only because she thought she could give edwards advice for his presidential campaign .
but that all changed the moment she was alone behind closed doors with ` her johnny .
' ` the connection i felt when i walked in the door had only grown and the amount of energy between us was huge and unstoppable , ' hunter writes , according to an excerpt obtained by radar online .
speaking up : rielle hunter , with her daughter quinn , speaks to chris cuomo for 20/20 .
shot at redemption