each year we spend # 2.5 billion on over-the-counter medicines from chemists , corner shops and supermarkets , a figure that has been growing by nearly 10 per cent annually .
yet emerging evidence suggests many of these pills and lotions are utterly useless -- and some can actually make our health worse .
anthony cox , a clinical pharmacy lecturer at birmingham university , claims that by selling such products , high street chemists are ` endorsing quackery ' in the pursuit of profits .
` community pharmacists should stop selling over-the-counter medicines that have little evidence of efficacy , ' he wrote in the pharmaceutical journal in august .
scroll down for video .
emerging evidence suggests many over-the-counter medicines from chemists , corner shops and supermarkets are utterly useless -- and some can actually make our health worse .
even some of the biggest-selling products have no scientific basis to prove they work .
here , we identify several of the items you do n't need in your bathroom cabinet .
cough medicine .
what we spend a year : # 96 million .
what does everyone do when they get a cough ?
they go out and buy some cough medicine , of course .
yet there is little , if any proof , that it will help you recover .
dr tim ballard , vice-chairman of the royal college of general practitioners , says : ` the medical evidence behind cough medicines is weak , and there 's no evidence they 'll reduce the duration of illnesses .
' if your cough is caused by a viral infection , as coughs most commonly are , there is no quick way of getting rid of it -- you simply have to wait for the immune system to clear the virus .
cough medicines wo n't speed up this process , no matter what ` wonder ' ingredients are proclaimed on the package .
the nhs choices website suggests cough sufferers make their own remedy of honey and lemon .
a review of 17 studies involving 2,876 adults and eight studies involving 616 children by the influential cochrane collaboration in 2008 found no robust evidence that dextromethorphan or diphenhydramine -- two common ingredients in over-the-counter cough medicines -- helped .
anthony cox warns some costly cough medicines may even be harmful .
` the drug combinations they