crunch time .
that 's how dylan hartley views the month ahead for england .
he is well aware of the profound significance of the next four tests at twickenham in the run-up to the world cup .
the hooker and northampton captain knows it is high time that the national team begin to establish a thunderous momentum as they build towards the home tournament which will define their careers .
stuart lancaster 's men must attempt to do so against the might of the southern hemisphere , while the one encounter with supposedly lesser opposition pits them against samoa - comfortably the strongest of the tier two nations .
england hooker dylan hartley says the autumn international are a chance to throw down world cup gauntlet .
hartley -lrb- centre -rrb- passes the ball during an england training session as pennyhill park last week .
it has reached a tipping point for england .
they go into the qbe series on the back of a 3-0 defeat on their summer tour of new zealand .
they stood toe-to-toe with the all blacks but could n't quite beat them and now steve hansen 's world champions are the first november visitors , on saturday .
england have beaten new zealand only seven times , with the 38-21 win at twickenham in 2012 standing out as the record victory .
however , since then england have lost four in a row against the all blacks .
the stakes could scarcely be higher .
no wonder hartley sees the four weeks ahead in such stark terms .
` it is getting down to crunch time now , ' he said .
` we play australia this series and next time we play australia it is going to actually mean something .
` it 's the same with wales in the six nations .
it is going to mean something so it is time to perform .
performance is the key word -- hopefully the result comes with performance but performance is key for this whole series .
` it would be nice to win all four but as long as we are performing and playing well , hopefully results come with that .
this autumn series is going to be a step up .
' after the opening game against the all blacks come the formidably powerful south africans to confront an