former barcelona and france defender eric abidal has announced he will be retiring from football , with his last match against kalloni ael this weekend .
the frenchman joined greek champions olympiacos in the summer after spending a second spell at monaco back in his native france .
abidal revealed he has had offers of non-playing roles with olympiacos and barca , the club he was playing for when he suffered a liver tumour in 2011 which affected the latter part of his career .
video scroll down to watch eric abidal announces his retirement from football .
eric abidal will play his final match of his professional career this weekend for olympiacos .
abidal has played just seven games for his new side , but insists the time is right to retire .
the most successful time for abidal 's was with barcelona , with two champions league titles the pinnacle .
`` i depart for personal reasons , as i have said .
only a professional player knows when and how he has to retire , '' abidal said .
`` i have had a lot of very happy moments in my career .
`` two months ago i talked with the president and told him , ` in december i will leave because the time has come ' .
`` i will relax with my family and my friends .
i have two offers , from olympiacos and barcelona , and i will think about these and take my decision .
'' 2000 : abidal joins monaco from amateur side lyon duchere in his home city .
2002 : follows boss claude puel to lille , where he stays for two seasons .
2004 : returns home to lyon and wins three consecutive league titles .
2007 : joins barcelona for six trophy-ladened years , playing through liver problems .
2013 : returns to monaco after 11 years .
2014 : joins olympiacos but plays just seven games before announcing retirement .
abidal began his top-level career in 2000 when he signed for monaco from french lower-league side ol duchere .
he then joined lille before moving in 2004 to his hometown club lyon , helping them win three ligue 1 titles in succession , as well as reaching the 2007 coupe de la ligue final .
further success followed with barca , with four spanish titles