the united states tortured al-qaeda detainees captured after the 9/11 attacks , president obama said friday , in some of his most expansive comments to date about a controversial set of cia practices that he banned after taking office .
` we tortured some folks , ' obama said at a televised news conference at the white house .
` we did some things that were contrary to our values .
' addressing the impending release of a senate report that criticizes cia treatment of detainees , obama said he believed the mistreatment stemmed from the pressure national security officials felt to forestall another attack .
he said americans should not be quick to pass judgment through the lens of a seemingly safer present day .
'' it 's important not for us not to feel too sanctimonious in retrospect , ' he said .
obama said friday that a forthcoming senate report will confirm that the u.s. tortured al-qaeda detainees after 9/11 .
in a picture that became emblematic of u.s. torture , an unidentified detainee was forced to stand on a box with a bag on his head and wires attatched to him in late 2003 .
hooded protesters were common sights in front of the white house in 2005 during the george w. bush administration , after methods of torture practiced against al-qaeada detainees were first aired publicly and then-vice president dick cheney worked to exempt the cia from a ban on ` enhanced interrogation ' techniques .
' i understand why it happened .
i think it 's important to recall ... how afraid people were ' after the 9/11 attacks , obama added .
` people did not know if more attacks were imminent .
' that view , which he expressed as a candidate for national office in 2008 and early in his presidency , explains why obama did not push to pursue criminal charges against the bush era officials who carried out the cia program .
to this day , many of those officials insist that what they did was not torture , which is a felony under u.s. law .
the president 's comments are a blow to those former officials , as well as an estimated 200 people currently working at the cia who played some role in the interrogation program .
in 2009 , obama said he preferred to `