residents have discovered anti-semitic flyers in their letterboxes which urge ` white australia ' to ` wake up ' .
the flyers distributed in the sydney beach-side suburb of bondi - known for its high number of jewish residents - make reference to white power group stormfront .
the letters claim ` the jews ' encourage ` race mixing ' and that they ` own ' hollywood and the majority of western media .
ceo of the nsw jewish board of deputies vic alhadeff told daily mail australia he completely condemned the posters , which were signed off by a sydney chapter of stormfront , squadron 88 .
` the flyers are an appalling compilation of racist stereotypes , which is all too predicable from neo-nazi organisations .
it 's no coincidence that 88 represents hh , which stands for heil hitler .
' scroll down for video .
this flier was distributed around bondi in sydney , which has a high population of jewish people .
` it 's most concerning that such blatant hatred is alive and well in our country and its deeply disturbing that group which holds such views should feel that the climate in conducive for them to come out of the woodwork , ' mr alhadeff said .
ceo of the nsw jewish board of deputies vic alhadeff said such anti-semitic incidents were on the rise .
the flyers also claimed ` jews have been kicked out of countries 109 times throughout history ... could it be that having them in a european country is harmful to the host ?
' .
when asked if he had seen similar cases in the past , mr alhadeff said he had and although these groups were known for their position on such issues incidents were on the rise .
` there has however been a very concerning rise in anti-semitic sentiments these past months .
` this has been evident in a large number of incidents ranging from swastikas on the streets of sydney to the verbal assault of children on a school bus most recently ' , he said .
mr alhadeff was referring to an incident that took place in randwick at the start of this month where a group of teenagers boarded a bus full of jewish school children and terrorised them .
` such conduct violates the values of our country and