a rabbi from pittsburgh , pennsylvania is being sued for severing a newborn baby 's penis during a botched bris ceremony .
rabbi mordechai rosenberg , who is also a mohel , performed the ceremony at the tree of life synagogue in squirrel hill earlier this year on april 28 .
the huffington post reported that the parents have remained anonymous to protect the identity of their son .
rabbi mordechai rosenberg is a rabbi , and a mohel who claimed to be ` trained , ' yet managed to accidentally dismember a baby 's penis .
the newborn baby boy had to be rushed to children 's hospital where doctors performed an emergency micro-surgery to reattach the dismembered penis .
cbs reported that the boy needed six blood transfusions and was hospitalized for two months .
the delicate surgery took about eight hours long .
cbs spoke with a plastic surgeon named doctor joe losee about the process of micro surgery .
` if your finger , your thumb was cut off and was put back on , that is pretty exciting , ' losee said .
` sometimes , it does n't always work , ' he says .
`` when you 're reattaching a portion where you include nerves , sometimes the nerves do n't heal well beyond where you reattached it .
so there are limitations for sure .
' the baby 's microsurgery was reported ` successful ' , but whether or not the baby will have problems later on in life is still unknown .
despite the gruesome incident , the rabbi still practices as a mohel .
cbs spoke with attorney david llewellyn who handles cases pertaining to botched circumcisions by either a mohel or a doctor .
there is no regulated method for training mohel 's that perform the bris .
the bris was performed at the tree of life synagogue in pittsburgh , pennsylvania .
` that is extraordinarily serious and is extraordinarily rare , ' said attorney david llewellyn .
he spoke of how bris services are usually unregulated .
` there 's virtually no regulation of this any place in the united states that i know of , ' llewellyn said .
' i think the government probably should require some sort of training if this is going to be done .
' ` your average pediatric urologist probably