by its very nature as the lowest professional division in the country , the goings on in league two are all too often an afterthought in the frantic world of english football .
but at the bottom of the football league you will find the very essence of our game .
league two in the past housed seasoned veterans and long-ball football , but now it is the home of some of the best young talent in the country , forced to try and forge a career from the bottom up due to the influx of foreign talent in the top flight .
clubs like hartlepool united , plymouth argyle and exeter city have set a new and encouraging trend of focusing on development rather than recruitment .
the only way is up : fleetwood town celebrate after winning the league two play-off final in may .
what the fa implore the big clubs to do is already being done in league two .
twelve of exeter 's squad of 20 have come through their academy , eight of hartlepool 's squad of 19 , and seven of plymouth 's squad of 22 .
refreshingly too , financial gulfs are nowhere near as wide in league two than they are higher up the pyramid , creating a level playing field and a truly unpredictable league .
bristol rovers were surprisingly relegated last season alongside torquay , while the quartet of carlisle , tranmere , shrewsbury and stevenage who have come down from league one will find no easy games .
on the flip side , luton and cambridge , promoted from the conference , can take solace in the fact that no side has gone straight back down from the conference since its inception .
a remarkable statistic .
so you get the picture then - what league .
two lacks in prestige it makes up for in its fluid , combustible and .
refreshingly english nature .
champagne moment : luton town captain ronnie henry lifts the skrill conference title .
squad overhauls are far more commonplace , with the vast majority of transfers being signed for free on one-year deals - shrewsbury have been the busiest of the lot so far , with 16 players coming in .
that being said , managerial changes are less frequent in league two than in the leagues above .
only three