by .
stian alexander .
published : .
19:35 est , 12 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:19 est , 13 november 2013 .
a second wild wallaby has been found and captured after being spotted hopping around highgate cemetery .
the first was caught two weeks ago by the rspca .
it had suffered a broken foot , and died during surgery last thursday .
a second wallaby was found in the cemetery - the final resting place of karl marx - on friday and was treated for a sore foot and has now been rehomed .
scroll down for video .
discovery : a second wild wallaby has been captured after being spotted hopping around highgate cemetery .
happy ending : the animal was found in the cemetery - the final resting place of karl marx - on friday and was treated for a sore foot .
it has now been rehomed .
it is believed that someone dumped both marsupials in highgate woods and that they made their way to the famous cemetery .
the chairman of the highgate cemetery ian dungavell said : ` we felt she should be taken away and re-homed .
` she had a sore paw - not as badly damaged as her friend - but we wanted a vet to look at her .
capture : the first wallaby was caught two weeks ago by the rspca after venturing into a children 's playground in hampstead , london .
tragic : it had suffered a broken foot during its escapades , and died during surgery last thursday .
` she had some treatment , has made a .
good recovery and has since been rehoused some where privately with .
people who can look after her .
' he .
said staff and visitors would miss the wallaby , but that the cemetery .
was not a good long-term place for the aussie mammals to live .
he added : ` it was interesting to have her here but this is a burial ground , not a nature park .
unusual surroundings : it is believed that someone dumped both marsupials in highgate woods and that they made their way to the famous cemetery .
` people are coming here to pay their respects to deceased relatives and friends and we felt a wallaby could perhaps be a