by .
ray massey .
rake-off : machines that swallow users ' change have made millions for local authorities .
motorists are being short-changed by millions of pounds as council chiefs profit from pay-and-display parking machines that do n't give change , the rac foundation has warned .
local authorities could be coining it in by up to # 38million a year by swallowing overpayments , analysis of new figures reveals .
one local authority has admitted creaming off # 650,000 in just two years from motorists who have been denied the correct change from their parking fee .
the rac called for an end to the unfair rake-off and said town halls had already made a # 594million profit from council car parks and on street bays last year .
rac foundation director professor stephen glaister said : ` this is adding insult to injury .
many would say charges are already too high without drivers having no choice but to pay for parking they do not need .
' cornwall council disclosed in answer to a freedom of information request that it collected what it calls an ` estimated over-vend ' of # 649,404 in 2011-12 and 2012-13 on parking income of # 23,611,678 -- equivalent to 2.7 per cent .
overpayments have also been reported in bournemouth and poole in dorset , exeter , devon , and preston , lancashire , along with carmarthenshire and bridgend in wales , portsmouth and by craven district council , north yorkshire .
professor glaister said : ` we have heard similar stories from several areas of the country .
` if the situation is replicated across all or most authorities then motorists are being short changed to the tune of many millions of pounds per year .
' of cornwall 's cream-off , he said ; ` this is a council which by its own admission made an # 8million ` profit ' from its parking activities in the last financial year , the 12th highest amount in england .
` is it seriously suggested some of this cash ca n't be used to upgrade machines either to give change or enable other methods of payment such as by phone or by card ?
.
' rac foundation research reveals that councils in england earned # 770million from on street parking bays in the 2012-13 financial year and a further