by .
sarah griffiths .
it has famously been said that when a man is tired of london , he is tired of life .
and now an online walking tour has launched a map that charts the scientific history of the fascinating city - taking in the sites where the most revolutionary scientific experiments were conducted .
the map covers five centuries of innovation , from alchemy to the exact site that the atomic bomb is thought to have been conceived .
scroll down for interactive map .
discoveries mapped : the map covers five centuries of innovation , from alchemy in mortlake , suburban west london to the exact site that the atomic bomb is believed to have been conceived in bloomsbury .
it was created by san francisco-based stamen design , using data from the open street map .
in around 1550 in mortlake , west london , the theological adviser to queen elizabeth i , john dee reportedly communicated with an angel .
he also tried to create the philosopher 's stone , dabbled with the occult and published a number of mathematical theories .
u.s. electricity pioneer benjamin franklin conducted many dangerous experiments at his lodgings in craven street on london 's embankment near the thames .
the map says that it was there that he designed a lightning rod to minimise damage to buildings including st paul 's cathedral , which earned him a fellowship at the royal society in 1756 .
making medical history : at st thomas ' hospital on the south bank -lrb- marked on the map left -rrb- , .
renowned surgeon astley cooper -lrb- pictured right -rrb- manually closed off the aorta to prevent .
an aneurysm in 1817 .
while it was the first time the theory was put into practice , the patient dies just 40 hours after the operation .
at st thomas ' hospital on the south bank , renowned surgeon astley cooper manually closed off the aorta to prevent an aneurysm in 1817 .
he cut into a dying man 's abdomen without anaesthetic and found his aorta by feel alone , before tying it off in front of onlookers and saving the man 's life - albeit for just 40 hours .
kensington in west london was the setting for a couple of railway experiments .
in 1840 brothers jacob and joseph samuda