by .
tara brady .
a teenager has become the only apprentice wheelwright in britain working at one of only two firms appointed to take care of the queen 's historic royal carriages .
george richards , 17 , has been learning his trade at mike rowland wheelwrights and coachbuilders since september .
as part of his three-year training scheme at the smoke and steam-filled workshop in colyton , devon , he has now produced an unusual wooden bicycle for a special visit from the master of the worshipful company of wheelwrights .
skills : george richards -lrb- left -rrb- has become an apprentice wheelwright at one of only two firms appointed to take care of the queen 's historic royal carriages .
he has been learning the trade at mike rowland wheelwrights .
the youngster , who also studies joinery at exeter college , has impressed the old hands at the business - which was formed in 1964 but can be traced back through the family as far as 1360 .
greg rowland , 44 , who has now taken over the business from his 77-year-old father mike said george 's ability was clear as a work experience boy aged 15 .
` he seemed to have a little bit more about him than the typical kid who plays computer games so i tossed him an 11-inch piece of elm for a wagon wheel hub and he nailed first time on the lathe , ' said mr rowland .
` the next thing i had exeter college wanting me to complete a pre-apprentice report - it seems he had told them he already had a place .
working for royalty : george richards aged 17 has a unique job - he is the only wheelwright apprentice in the country working for the queen .
' i like that attitude .
if you want something go for it .
we needed somebody and he timed it just right .
' i like his enthusiasm , the way he did it all himself , not getting his mum to do it but just sorted it out .
' a wheelwright is a person who builds or repairs wooden wheels and wheeled vehicles .
the occupational name eventually became the surname wheelwright .
the firm , which is allowed to display the royal coat of arms along with the sought-after credit `