by .
emma glanfield .
a mother who killed her two children while suffering from postnatal depression has been seen at her # 1.5 million home with the husband who stood by her throughout the tragedy .
jewellery designer felicia boots suffocated the couple 's ten-week-old son mason and 14-month-old daughter lily days after the family had moved into their new home in south west london , in may 2012 .
boots , 36 was suffering postnatal depression at the time and was under the delusion that her children were about to be taken away from her by social services .
scroll down for video .
felicia boots , 36 , who killed her two children while suffering from postnatal depression , has been seen for the first time since the tragedy with her banker husband jeff , 36 .
she was spared jail when she was sentenced at the old bailey in london , and was instead detained in a psychiatric hospital until doctors deemed her fit for release .
at the time , a judge said a prison sentence would be ` wholly inappropriate ' .
mr justice fulford , who described boots as ` someone who delighted in being a mother ' had also told the court : ` this is an almost indescribably sad case .
` although the results of mrs boots 's actions were profoundly tragic .
given the loss of two young lives , what occurred was not criminal .
activity in the sense that expression is normally understood .
' i .
unreservedly accept that what she did to the two children , that she and .
her husband loved and nurtured , were the results of physical and .
biological factors beyond her control .
' now , nearly two years after the tragedy , the 36-year-old has been seen in the neighbourhood where the incident occurred with her banker husband jeff , 36 .
residents in the area , known as ` nappy valley ' because of its popularity with young , rich families , were surprised to see the couple return , but pleased that their lives looked to be getting back on track .
one neighbour , who wished to remain anonymous , told the sun : ` people thought she 'd never return because the memories must be awful , but we 're pleased that she appears