by .
chris brooke .
published : .
11:18 est , 27 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
19:50 est , 27 november 2012 .
a psychiatric patient warned repeatedly that she would hurt someone shortly before stabbing a girl of 13 to death at random , a report revealed yesterday .
hannah bonser , 26 , was ` almost invisible ' and her predictions that she would attack someone fell on deaf ears .
in total 16 psychiatrists and 20 community workers were involved in her care over the years .
hannah bonser , who was jailed for a minimum of 22 years , was ` almost invisible ' to some groups , despite being in and out of mental health care since 2002 .
they and mental health nurses ` missed .
opportunities ' to help bonser and change her life for the better , said a .
damning independent review of her treatment .
it highlighted bad decisions , inept .
leadership , inadequate information-sharing and an ` overly-optimistic ' attitude by the professionals .
bonser was jailed for a minimum of 22 .
years at sheffield crown court in july after being convicted of .
murdering casey kearney , a total stranger .
the drug-addicted loner plunged a .
kitchen knife into the teenager 's chest without warning as she walked .
through a park in doncaster on the way to a half-term sleepover with a .
friend .
bonser , whose mental health problems .
were linked to years of cannabis abuse , had been involved with care .
agencies for 19 years because of a troubled upbringing .
as her mental state worsened in the .
weeks before the murder , she repeatedly warned she could be a danger .
she told two charity workers who assessed her at home she had a ` short .
fuse and anger issues ' .
she warned that she was a danger to .
others and one day would ` blow up ' .
however , the housing charity staff .
failed to share the information with mental health workers involved in .
her treatment and concluded there had been ` no direct threats ' to .
herself or another person .
stabbed at random : casey kearney was stabbed to death in a park after bonser was allowed to remain free .
bonser also