by .
steve robson .
published : .
09:57 est , 14 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
10:41 est , 15 december 2012 .
a russian circus trainer claims he saved two of his elephants from freezing to death by getting them to drink vodka .
the animals , named madga and jenny , had to be evacuated from their trailer after it caught fire in the middle of a siberian highway outside the city of novosibirsk yesterday .
although the pair escaped the blaze unharmed , with temperatures plummeting to as low as -40 c , trainer leonid labo was facing a serious problem .
scroll down for video .
a trunk full : the elephants had to be evacuated from this trailer after it caught fire and their trainer gave them vodka to keep warm .
disaster : the trailer was left ruined on the side of a siberian highway with temperatures as low as -40 c .
his answer was to dilute 10 litres of vodka diluted in warm water and made sure they drank the whole lot .
` they roared like it was the jungle ... they must have been happy , ' a district official told news agency ria novosti .
the indian elephants , aged 45 and 48 , were part of a travelling polish circus that was headed from novokuznetsk to omsk late yesterday .
trunk and disorderly : elephants madga and jenny are part of a polish circus travelling around russia .
the blaze started when hay in their trailer caught fire from the diesel engine heating the cargo section .
a local official said a trainer made the animals jog before giving them two cases of vodka to drink .
emergency minister spokesman alexander davydov said the elephants were then delivered to a warm gym at a local community college .
they were later examined by a veterinarian who said only the tips of their ears had suffered frostbite .
novosibisk zoo director rostislav shilo claimed the vodka saved the animals from frostbite and .
pneumonia , without harming or even intoxicating them .
the handler was also treated in hospital for frostbite .
scientists say while alcohol can make you feel warmer , it actually lowers the body 's core temperature and could actually increase your chances of getting hypothermia if you 're stuck out in