jose mourinho is to contest his fa misconduct charge when he makes a formal submission to the governing body before tuesday 's 6pm deadline .
the chelsea manager was charged after claiming there is a ` campaign ' against the barclays premier league leaders when they were denied a penalty in the 1-1 draw at southampton on december 28 .
mourinho , who has generally toned down his comments since his return to english football , has the full support of the club in his case .
jose mourinho was charged by the fa for saying that there was a campaign against chelsea .
mourinho -lrb- right -rrb- talks to his support staff after cesc fabregas was booked for diving against southampton .
the chelsea manager can make representations to the fa disciplinary commission by way of mitigation , but it appears he is most likely to highlight his concerns by requesting a personal hearing .
it is understood mourinho will put together video evidence to support his claim that match officials are failing to award his team key decisions in matches .
mourinho lost control at st mary 's when referee anthony taylor booked cesc fabregas for simulation when the spaniard appeared to be fouled by southampton defender matt targett .
at the time he said : ` there is a campaign against chelsea .
i do n't know why there is this campaign and i do not care .
everybody knows it was a penalty .
' cesc fabregas is shocked after being denied a penalty and is instead booked for simulation .
fabregas appears to be brought down by southampton 's matt targett during the match at st mary 's .
since the charge he has taken a vow of silence and refused to speak with the media ahead of saturday 's 2-0 victory over newcastle united at stamford bridge .
the chelsea chief sent his assistant coach steve holland instead , and it was his deputy who again spoke to the media after the win over john carver 's magpies side .
an fa statement released last week said : ` it is alleged his remarks constitute improper conduct in that they allege and/or imply bias on the part of a referee or referees and/or bring the game into disrepute .
' mourinho has already been issued with a formal warning following his demand for a