a canadian tourist was stuck dangling about 80 feet above a street for nearly an hour after a las vegas zip line attraction malfunctioned friday .
firefighters rescued the man from the fremont street experience 's 114-foot slotzilla zip line at 3.08 pm , according to the las vegas review journal .
after taking off from the zip line , which begins from a 12-story slot machine sending riders on a 1,750-foot long trip , the trolley that ran along the cable jammed , suspending the man in the air .
scroll down for video .
dangling : a canadian tourist was stuck dangling about 80 feet above a street for nearly an hour after a las vegas zip line attraction malfunctioned friday .
jam : after taking off from the zip line , which begins from a 12-story slot machine sending riders on a 1,750-foot long trip , the trolley that ran along the cable jammed , suspending the man in the air .
rescue : rescuers used a bucket connected to an arm on a rescue truck to get the man down at 3.08 pm .
the unnamed man hung in the spot for nearly 30 minutes before a witness called at 2.34 pm to report that a man was stuck above fourth street .
slotzill has its own rescue equipment for this kind of emergency , but firefighters were already on their way , so slotzilla officials let them handle it , tim szymanski , las vegas fire & rescue spokesman , reportedly told the las vegas review-journal .
rescuers used a bucket connected to an arm on a rescue truck to get the man down at 3.08 pm , according to the journal .
the unnamed man hung in the spot for nearly 30 minutes before a witness called at 2.34 pm to report that a man was stuck above fourth street .
full refund : the man and his wife received a full refund from the company for the $ 40 ride .
uninjured : the man was reunited with his wife on the ground , uninjured , and refused medial assistance .
the man was reunited with his wife on the ground , uninjured , and refused medial assistance , szymanski said .
` fremont street experience is investigating what happened and will do everything to ensure that this problem will not happen again