by .
associated press reporter .
published : .
14:24 est , 3 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:25 est , 3 august 2013 .
organizers of a new event planned for several u.s. cities plan to unleash bulls to sprint through fenced-in courses as daredevils try to avoid being trampled .
the great bull run is inspired by the annual running of the bulls in pamplona , spain .
it 's set to kick off august 24 at a drag-racing strip south of richmond , virginia .
a second event is planned for october 19 at an atlanta-area horse park that hosted events for the 1996 olympics .
give chase : one company is organizing running of the bulls events all over the u.s. to give americans a taste for the spanish tradition .
run wild : great bull run events will be taking place later this month , and continue with one event almost every month .
more events are planned later for texas , florida , california , minnesota , illinois and pennsylvania .
bull runs - when the animals are released to run alongside participants as spectators cheer - are common in spain and can drum up controversy .
injuries often occur , as do deaths , though they are much rarer .
some groups attack the treatment of the bulls used in the runs .
about 5,000 people have signed up to participate in the virginia event , and the number grows by about 50 each day , said rob dickens , co-founder and chief operating officer of the great bull run .
and with 2,000 signed up for the conyers , georgia , event , dickens expects 5,000 to 7,000 to run there in october .
the u.s. events will last one day each , unlike the annual weeklong festival in pamplona , when bull runs are held every morning .
author ernest hemingway wrote about the festival in his 1926 novel the sun also rises , which helped it gain worldwide notoriety and attract spectators from around the globe .
organizers acknowledge that the great bull run is likely to start out on a smaller scale than its spanish counterpart .
spanish tradition : the running of the bulls happens every year at the festival of san fermin in pamplona , spain .
every morning bulls are released onto the