by .
darren boyle .
published : .
13:59 est , 12 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
16:18 est , 12 march 2014 .
robert bastin , lighting a cigarette outside exeter magistrates ' court where he admitted stealing a retro penny farthing outside a house in honiton .
a 20-year-old man is facing jail after he stole a penny farthing bicycle so he could get back home - 14 miles away .
robert bastin stole the bike outside a house in honiton after christmas drinks with his brother , a court heard .
the jobless labourer rode the stolen bike 14 miles to his flat .
the court heard that bastin decided against returning the bike to honiton following the theft and instead attempted to sell it on ebay .
defence lawyer peter woodley told a court today : ` he was trying to get home .
he had had a christmas day drink with his brother and it looked like a good idea .
` but a penny farthing is not the easiest thing to return to its owner .
' on his ebay listing , bastin claimed : ` not really my thing prefer my unicycle ' .
he also maintained that he had only used it three times since new .
devon and cornwall police saw the listing on january 12 and placed a # 75 bid on the bike .
the court heard that bastin accepted the bid , unaware that it was an undercover police officer .
he insisted that the buyer paid cash and collected the bike from his home .
bastin was arrested and the penny farthing was returned to its owner .
a penny farthing bicycle similar to the one stolen by robert bastin .
the retro edition is built by hawk cycles in derby .
robert bastin stole the bike from honiton and rode it to his flat in exeter .
robert bastin was ordered to return to exeter magistrates ' court next month where he will be sentenced .
bastin , of honiton , devon , admitted stealing the bike while on bail for other offences .
he also admitted aggravated vehicle taking and not having any insurance or licence on december 6 .
exeter magistrates court heard that bastin was riding a motor bike at 5am on the a30 near exeter airport at speed .