the divorce between hedge fund billionaire kenneth griffin and his soon to be ex-wife anne dias griffin has taken another nasty turn .
in court papers filed on tuesday , dias griffin is claiming she has been banned from all of the couple 's marital residences , including homes in new york city , aspen and miami , and that she will not longer have free run over chicago home she was promised half of in their prenup .
furthermore , she says he husband will commit to no financial support ` on paper ' but will give her money ` off paper ' as long as she is a ` good girl .
' dias griffin is also claiming that she has been shouldering all the expenses for them couple 's three children .
scroll down for video .
happier times : kenneth griffin -lrb- right -rrb- , who filed for divorce from wife anne dias-griffin in july , claims to have already paid his estranged spouse $ 35 million as part of a prenup .
she is fighting for more of his fortune .
honeymoon is over : the couple married at versailles -lrb- above -rrb- with a performance by donna summer .
` kenneth should be required to pay monthly child support to cover all of the children 's expenses , fixed overhead expenses for the household , as well as child care , security , household and administrative staff , who should be reporting to anne and under her control , not kenneth 's , ' dias griffin said in her filing , which was obtained by the chicago tribune .
a rep for griffin said the money man ` focused on the well-being of his children , and that has guided his every decision .
' they then added ; ` he has willingly paid all reasonable , and frankly , many unreasonable expenses throughout the separation , including millions in cash to anne and a $ 10 million gift to harvard in anne 's name .
but when anne takes things to a ridiculous level of extravagance and demands things like a $ 450,000 vacation to st. bart 's , enough is enough .
' griffin , who is fighting to only pay his wife what the two agreed on in their pre-nup as part of a messy divorce , says his estranged spouse