by .
ellie zolfagharifard .
astronomers believe they have found the sun 's ` long-lost brother ' -- a stellar body born from the same gas cloud as our own star .
the researchers claim there is even a ` small ' chance that this solar sibling could host planets that harbour life .
but even if its solar system proves barren , the discovery could help scientists find other stellar twins that may help shed light on how our sun formed .
the university of texas says the star , called hd 162826 , is 15 per cent more massive than our sun and located 110 light-years away in the constellation hercules .
the star is not visible to the unaided eye , but easily can be seen with low-power binoculars , not far from the bright star vega .
the sun 's ` long-lost brother ' is a star called hd 162826 .
it is a star 15 per cent more massive than the sun , located 110 light-years away in the constellation hercules .
the star is not visible to the unaided eye , but can be seen with low-power binoculars , not far from the bright star vega .
` we want to know where we were born , ' professor ivan ramirez from the university of texas at austin said .
` if we can figure out in what part of the galaxy the sun formed , we can constrain conditions on the early solar system .
that could help us understand why we are here .
' in their earliest days , collisions could have knocked chunks off of planets , and these fragments could have travelled between solar systems .
these may have been responsible for bringing primitive life to earth .
or , fragments from earth could have transported life to planets orbiting solar siblings .
scientists believe the stellar body was born from the same gas cloud as our own sun -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
the researchers claim there is a ` small ' chance that this solar sibling could host planets that harbour life .
gaia 's goal is to create the most accurate map yet of the milky way .
it will make precise measurements of the positions and motions of about 1 % of the total population of roughly 100 billion stars in our home galaxy to help