by .
tara brady .
published : .
05:23 est , 29 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
09:02 est , 29 january 2014 .
amber kirwan , 19 , was stabbed more than 10 times and buried in a shallow grave .
a convicted murderer who was released after 10 years in prison will spend the rest of his life behind bars after he was found guilty again for murdering a teenager and dumping her body in a shallow grave .
christopher alexander falconer killed amber kirwan , 19 , who was last seen alive after leaving dooly 's pool hall in new glasgow , nova scotia , on october 9 , 2011 .
her remains were found a month later in a shallow grave in heathbell , pictou county .
supreme court judge nick scaravelli sentenced falconer , 31 , to life in prison with no chance of parole for 25 years .
the jury spent seven and a half hours deliberating before reaching a verdict .
miss kirwan 's mother , marjorie kirwan , wept as the sentence was read out .
according to cbc news , crown attorney bill gorman said the kirwan family will never recover from the death of amber .
speaking after the case he said : ` their sense of relief , i believe was palpable , this tragedy that i do n't think they 'll ever get past .
` justice was done .
the jury carefully and thoughtfully considered .
they would have deliberated for the better part of a day and they got our message and they made their finding ' .
miss kirwan 's body and clothes were found in a shallow grave close to the home of falconer 's stepsister .
a bloody tank top with both miss kirwan and falconer 's dna was found in his car .
according to a medical examiner , miss kirwan was stabbed at least 10 times - mostly on her neck , upper back and through the heart .
the court heard there was evidence to suggest miss kirwan put up a fight against her attacker despite having high levels of codeine in her body .
justice : christopher falconer arriving at nova scotia supreme court in pictou , canada , where he was sentenced to life in prison for the murder of amber kirwan .
falconer 's