england were celebrating an unlikely victory deep in the sri lankan jungle -- but for alastair cook it may have come at a price .
while the tourists were rejoicing in a desperately needed win that closes the deficit to 2-1 and breathes life into a side that had been inviting ridicule , their captain was waiting to hear if he would face a one-match ban for england 's slow over-rate .
as sri lanka ran up 242 for eight in a game shortened by a biblical downpour to 35 overs a side , cook 's team were 18 minutes off the pace .
fined for the same offence against india at cardiff in august , he could now be banned for sunday 's crucial game in colombo .
jos buttler -lrb- left -rrb- and joe root shake hands after their unbroken 84-run partnership helped england to victory .
root clenches his fist in celebration after the much-needed victory in the third odi against sri lanka .
root is congratulated by alastair cook after helping to see england to victory over sri lanka .
the injured stuart broad tweeted his delight after the england win .
` we 'll plead our case , ' he said .
` it was tough on that big ground with the ball going everywhere at the end , and it takes a long time for batsmen to come out to the middle .
' icc match referee david boon may take a different view .
and if cook is banned for a game , it will raise the question of whether the captaincy passes to eoin morgan , who continued his wretched run here by falling on the hook for a single .
right now , he hardly looks in the frame of mind to score meaningful runs , let alone lead his country .
england 's get-out clause may be that there is no official vice-captain on this tour , in which case joe root could come into the picture .
that , though , is a bridge england will cross at some point over the next few days .
for now , they can simply enjoy reacquainting themselves with the unfamiliar scent of victory -- only their second in nine completed matches .
cook himself produced another innings that was neither one thing nor the other , and his 42-ball 34 ended