by .
brendan carlin and mark nicol .
published : .
19:23 est , 16 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:23 est , 16 november 2013 .
philip hammond is facing a revolt among his mps over plans to replace full-time troops with reservists .
defence secretary philip hammond is this week facing a revolt among his own mps over controversial plans to replace full-time troops with army reservists .
rebel conservative backbenchers are plotting to line up with mps from labour and other parties to block plans for a dramatic expansion of the uk 's reserve forces .
the move , led by basildon tory mp john baron , could potentially threaten a coalition scheme to remove 20,000 full-time personnel and beef up what used to be called the territorial army .
but there are already fears that the plan is running into trouble , with new figures showing that the newly-named ` army reserve ' is shrinking rather than growing to a planned size of 30,000 within five years .
led by mr baron , the 17-strong group of rebel tories will this week try to force the defence secretary to order a study into the ` viability and cost-effectiveness ' of the scheme .
the rebels , who also include former shadow home secretary david davis , will seek the backing of labour mps and those from smaller parties in an attempt to inflict a humiliating commons defeat on mr hammond .
mr baron said last night : ` there is growing concern in parliament about the rising costs and badly missed recruitment targets of the government 's army reserve plans .
mps of all parties want to scrutinise their viability and cost-effectiveness .
' another rebel tory said : ` we ca n't use a commons vote to tell the ministry of defence what size the army should be but we can raise questions about the replacement reservist plan -- questions that they have to answer .
' last night , the ministry of defence responded by insisting that the service reforms were on track .
a spokesman said : ` the reforms to the army were announced over a year ago and are well under way .
` we are two months into a five-year recruitment campaign that will see the army reserve increasing from 19,000 to 30,000 by 2018 with improved