the widow of apple computer founder steve jobs is ` ready ' for hillary clinton , and she 's written a hefty check to prove it .
laurene powell jobs has given $ 25,000 to the ` ready for hillary ' super pac , a political campaign organization that has raised more than $ 4 million to lay the groundwork needed for former secretary of state hillary clinton 's expected white house run .
sharon .
elghanayan corzine , the wife of former new jersey gov. jon corzine , also put $ 25,000 on the table .
so did gay-rights philanthropist tim gill , who created the one-time desktop publishing software powerhouse quark xpress .
laurene powell jobs ' husband , the apple computer co-founder steve jobs , died in 2011 -- and now she 's engaging in politics by backing hillary clinton .
clinton is still on the fence about a presidential run , but is raking in cash by giving public speeches .
on thursday a woman was arrested after she threw a shoe at clinton while she addressed a las vegas audience .
hillary uses a blackberry , but mrs. jobs probably does n't mind ; her late husband helped invent the iphone , a creation that made him a multi-billionaire .
center for american progress fellow glen fukushima and former california assembly speaker fabian nunez matched their donations .
a source shared the list with business insider .
at the time of his death in 2011 , steve jobs had a massive net worth of more than $ 11 billion , amassed largely through the sale of iphones , ipads , macintosh computers , and other innovative apple products .
he and fellow tech enthusiast steve wozniak founded the company in 1976 in the jobs family garage .
ready for hillary took in more than $ 1.7 million between january and march , including many token $ 20.16 contributions .
all but 2 per cent of the pac 's 32,000 donors gave less than $ 100 .
the committee set records for fundraising during its first six months of existence , only to be eclipsed months later by a committee to draft ben carson , the african-american conservative surgeon , into the republican presidential primary race .
neither group has an official relationship with its preferred candidate , but the war chests will be essential of