contractors building a highway tunnel under seattle are preparing to remove the world 's largest boring machine so that it can be repaired .
the gigantic drill , known as bertha , stopped working in december 2013 after digging just 1,000 ft of its two-mile journey to replace the aging alaska way , which was damaged in 2001 by an earthquake .
its stalling left crews working on the $ 80million project scrambling to determine how to rescue and repair the five-storey , 2,000-ton drill .
but , using its own power , it was able bore through nearly 20 feet of concrete last month to break through a wall leading to the rescue pit 's opening , and it is now ready to be extracted .
now managers of the project are preparing to show off the cutting head as the refurbishment takes place .
scroll down for video .
the machine , known as bertha , stopped working in december 2013 after digging just 1,000 ft of its two mile trip to replace an aging waterfront highway .
bertha , which weighs around 2,000 tons , was able bore through nearly 20 feet of concrete last month to break through a wall leading to the rescue pit 's opening .
workers are now preparing to fully extract the gigantic mechanism .
it will then be shown off the media .
the machine had experienced various mechanical issues , including increased temperatures , before it stalled out .
there had been concern that bertha , buried 120 feet underground , might not be able to move itself to the pit opening because it had experienced various mechanical issues , including increased temperatures , before it stalled out .
the machine 's breakdown and other construction issues have left the project two years behind schedule and sparked concern about cost overruns and other unforeseen obstacles .
supporters , including seattle mayor ed murray , have said it was important to make sure the corridor project is completed .
the original highway overhaul was expected to cost $ 2 billion and be completed by 2015 .
the new timeline for replacing the busy alaskan way viaduct , damaged in a 2001 earthquake , is 2017 .
state transportation officials , contractor seattle tunnel partners -lrb- stp -rrb- , and manufacturer hitachi zosen were readying next steps in bertha 's removal and