a radio host 's integrity is being questioned on social media after he fell into the trap of pranksters impersonating guests over the phone twice in the past couple of months .
talkback host tom elliott was led to believe he was talking to australian rapper 360 on his 3aw radio show on monday - while the legitimate artist was filming himself listening to the impersonator be interviewed and then posted the footage on his facebook page .
it is the second time elliott has been caught with egg on his face after a kurdish man , living in scandinavia , pretended to be isis commander omar al-shishani during a phone interview in august .
scroll down for video .
360 films himself listening to someone impersonate him in an interview with tom elliott on his 3aw radio show .
elliott admits on twitter that he finally realised he was not speaking with the real 360 .
this is the second time elliott has been caught with egg on his face after a kurdish man , living in scandinavia , pretended to be isis commander omar al-shishani during a phone interview in august .
the melbourne radio host thought he was talking to 360 about his controversial remarks on abc tv show q & a on october 20 where he said he identified the australian flag with racism .
360 , whose real name is matt colwell , took great delight in filming himself listening to the show where the impersonator told elliott that he had joined the illuminati -- an historical secret society .
` i was inducted because i am enlightened , ' the caller said when elliott questioned that calling himself enlightened being was racist .
` it has nothing to -lrb- do with -rrb- race it 's a mind frame , ' the fake 360 said .
the conversation then became even more bizarre when the prankster declared himself as a unicorn .
` who are you to say i 'm not a unicorn ?
' he said .
` all i 'm trying to do is open everyone 's minds up to these racist ideals and you are just trying to stomp them out .
' it was n't until the caller mentioned the previous prank that elliott began to question his identity .
` last few weeks did n't you interview an isis fighter