by .
tania steere .
get ready to fire up your barbecue as the heatwave continues .
forecasters say tomorrow could be the hottest day of the year so far , and are predicting sunny , dry conditions for most of the country this weekend .
the record for the hottest day stands at 26.5 c -lrb- 79f -rrb- in writtle , essex , on june 9 , which was then followed by flash flooding and weather warnings .
commuters shed their jackets as they cross london bridge on the way to work in glorious sunshine yesterday .
behind them , and way up above , sun reflects off the shard , london 's tallest building .
temperatures in the capital today were due to hit 24c .
with the sky glowing a breathtaking orange , you may be forgiven for thinking this was a mediterranean sunrise in the south of france .
but this stunning scene was captured over marsden beach , on south tyneside yesterday as britain prepares for soaring temperatures this weekend .
with the sun shining and regular rainfall in recent weeks , these poppies are in full bloom at blackstone farm fields nature reserve near bewdley , worcestershire .
although there could be some showers in the midlands over the weekend , conditions are due to be settled well into next week .
but the met office says temperatures may pass the 27c -lrb- 81f -rrb- mark in the south east tomorrow .
the uk is expected to be as hot as gibraltar tomorrow , and hotter than paris -lrb- 24c -rrb- and berlin -lrb- 22c -rrb- .
the sunshine in the south is set to continue , albeit slightly cooler , for the rest of the weekend .
met office forecaster mark wilson said : ` thursday is set to be a fine day in the south with plenty of sunshine .
coastal areas will get the most amount of sunshine .
there may be more cloud in the north .
temperatures will reach the mid-20s across england and could be as high as 25c in london and the south east .
friday is set to be a similar picture and temperatures could rise to 27c , which could make it the hottest day of the year .
' the north of the country may not be as fortunate , with the weather expected