by .
ellie zolfagharifard .
unusual fossils unearthed in coal deposits of the czech republic have been combined to create a map of the first ever reptile skull .
the reconstruction pieced together previously unrecognised skeletons from the nýřany basin to create the skull features of the late carboniferous gephyrostegus bohemicus .
this was a small animal of generally lizard-like build that lived 308 million years ago .
it is the earliest example of a reptile and could explain the origin of amniotes .
gephyrostegus bohemicus reconstruction of skull with the lower jaw and teeth picture .
scientists believe this is the earliest example of a reptile .
amniotes are a group of back-boned creatures that includes turtles , lizards , birds , dinosaurs and mammals .
the study was undertaken by experts from comenius university in bratislava alongside a uk team which included the natural history museum in london and the university of lincoln .
their aim was to provide an analysis of early tetrapod relationships incorporating their new observations of the gephyrostegus .
pictured is the gephyrostegus bohemicus reconstruction of skull .
this was a small animal of generally lizard-like build that lived 308 million years ago .
gephyrostegus was a small animal around 8.7 inches -lrb- 22cm -rrb- in length .
it had a generally lizard-like build with large eyes and a large number of small , pointed teeth , indicating it was an active hunter .
their analysis used skeletal traits across a sample of early tetrapod groups to identify the likely features of the gephyrostegus .
gephyrostegus was a small animal around 8.7 inches -lrb- 22cm -rrb- in length .
it had a generally lizard-like build with large eyes and a large number of small , pointed teeth , indicating it was an active hunter .
remains have been found in nyran , czech republic , dating from around 308 million years ago , .
this places it in the upper carboniferous period - a time when amphibians were the dominant land vertebrates , of which one branch would eventually evolve into reptiles , the first fully terrestrial vertebrates .
dr marcello ruta , from the school of life sciences , university of lincoln , was one of the authors and produced a series of intricate hand-drawn recreations of the cranial structure of gephyrostegus .
` gephyrostegus has always been an elusive beast , '