by .
eddie wrenn .
published : .
04:11 est , 12 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
09:44 est , 12 june 2012 .
it 's no secret that mars is a beaten and battered planet - astronomers have been peering for centuries at the violent impact craters created by cosmic buckshot pounding its surface over billions of years .
but just how beat up is it ?
really beat up , according to a university of colorado boulder research team that recently finished counting , outlining and cataloging a staggering 635,000 impact craters on mars that are roughly a kilometer or more in diameter .
scroll down for video : .
history written on its face : the surface of mars is covered with thousands upon thousands of crater impacts over the planet 's life .
as the largest single database ever .
compiled of impacts on a planet or moon in our solar system , the new .
information will be of help in dating the ages of particular regions of .
mars , said cu-boulder postdoctoral researcher stuart robbins , who led .
the effort .
the new crater atlas also should help .
researchers better understand the history of water volcanism on mars .
through time , as well as the planet 's potential for past habitability by .
primitive life , he said .
` this database is a giant tool that .
will be helpful in scores of future mars studies ranging from age-dating .
and erosion to planetary habitability and to other applications we have .
not even thought of yet , ' said robbins , who is affiliated with .
cu-boulder 's laboratory for atmospheric and space physics .
` in a sense it 's like building a new and better hammer , which quickly becomes used by everyone .
` we have all this new information .
coming from mars orbiters and landers that have helped generate far .
better maps illustrating the planet 's topography and surface details .
i .
basically analyzed maps and drew crater rim circles for four years .
' one crater in particular reveals dark traces of sediment thought to have been cemented together by water from an ancient groundwater reservoir , before being carved away by howling martian wind .
co-author brian hynek , a lasp research .
associate and assistant