by .
matt blake .
a californian mall descended into panic after a ` nasty and very dangerous ' crocodile broke free from its cage and roamed among shoppers .
the four-foot reptile had apparently been abandoned in the parking lot of the tj maxx plaza , outside a reptile centre , in roseville before it made a bid for freedom and slithered inside .
wildlife officials rushed to the scene to snare the animal after terrified shoppers called for help .
scroll down for video .
` nasty ' : the four-foot reptile was described by officials as ` very dangerous ' and ` nasty ' snared : wildlife officials rushed to the scene to snare the animal after terrified shoppers called for help .
` this one is a really nasty crocodile , ' said patrick foy , a game warden .
` it 's got a really bad attitude .
this animal genuinely is a very dangerous animal .
leaving it in a parking lot absolutely -lrb- puts -rrb- the public at risk , especially kids who might think that they can go and touch -lrb- it -rrb- - people who just do n't know how dangerous these crocodiles really are .
' police are now hunting the person who dumped the nile crocodile in its container with a note that simply read : ` call rescue .
' snappy shopper : it was abandoned in the parking lot of the tj maxx plaza in roseville before it made a break for freedom and slithered inside .
` very dangerous ' : police are now hunting the person who dumped the nile crocodile in its container with a note that simply read , ` call rescue ' hungry croc : wildlife officers lassoed the nile crocodile and took it away for a meal of rainbow trout .
` it was most likely a crocodile that was illegally brought into the country or illegally captured elsewhere in the county , ' said sgt. jason bosworth , with the roseville police department .
it is thought the owner left it outside a reptile store in the complex , a known refuge for abandoned pets .
` but we normally get more common animals , like bearded dragons , iguanas , and pythons , ' said abigail kessler , a store employee .
' a croc is unusual .
'