by .
deni kirkova .
published : .
11:03 est , 23 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:39 est , 23 may 2013 .
daniella helayel , pictured here in 2010 , announces her departure from issa today .
a label that has gone from strength to strength bids goodbye to its founder and designer after nine years .
the reason for the split was reported to be by mutual agreement , and not acrimonious .
a source close to the company said that both sides had been unhappy for a while , so helayel 's departure did not come as a surprise .
` the time has come for me to move on to .
focus on my art , travel and other interests , ' said helayel in a statement released today .
` creating issa has been one .
of the most rewarding things in my life .
i may be leaving , but the issa .
girl will live forever in my heart .
' helayel will leave the brand at the end of the year .
her departure comes two years after camilla al fayed , daughter of harrods mogul mohamed , bought a 51 percent stake in the company to develop the issa brand globally .
helayel was the minority shareholder .
the fashion brand , which reflected the effortless elegance and laid-back spirit of .
brazilian lifestyle , became a royal favourite after kate .
middleton wore one of her blue dresses to announce her engagement to .
prince william in 2011 .
the duchess has worn her designs on countless occasions since .
the label just revealed .
collaborations with banana republic and the outnet , alongside plans to .
open its first standalone boutique in brazil to follow on from the first .
that opened recently in tokyo - so helayel 's departure comes at a particularly busy time for the brand .
helayel 's successor blue farrier , .
who will take on the position of creative director at the end of the .
year , studied at central saint martins and boasts a sparkling cv .
past workplaces include stella mccartney and a six year stint at chloé .
angelina .
ypma , issa london ceo said : ' i am delighted to welcome blue as the new .
creative director of issa at such an