crows can solve complex puzzles and scientists think they are as smart as a seven-year-old child .
now the clever corvids may be able to add football skills and psychic abilities to their list of accomplishments , as two trained crows have undertaken a penalty shootout to predict the winner of the world cup .
scientists at the language , culture and cognition lab at the university of auckland have been studying the intelligence of tool-making new caledonian crows for over 10 years .
scroll down for video .
scientists have conducted a fun and whimsical experiment , letting crows take part in a penalty shoot-out to predict which team will win the world cup -lrb- pictured above -rrb- .
the birds played penalty shootouts to predict who will win the real world cup .
in the semi final between germany and brazil , germany won .
in the match between the netherlands and argentina , argentina won .
the crows predict that in the final between argentina and germany , the south american team will win to lift the famous trophy .
they have shown that crows can use tools to solve eight problems in a row and for fun , thought they would see if the birds could predict the winner of the world cup .
two of their best crows , named ricalli and crexa were invited to strut their stuff on a miniature football pitch with little goals and crow-sized footballs .
in order to make their predictions for which team will win the -lrb- real -rrb- world cup , the crows had a penalty shootout by dropping a football down a tube to score a goal -- or not .
each time the crows took a shot they got a chunk of fillet steak as a treat .
in order to make their predictions for which team will win the world cup , the crows had a penalty shootout by dropping a football down a tube to score a goal - or not .
here , a crow takes a shot for germany .
the creatures first predicted the results of tonight 's semi-final between brazil and germany .
according to the results of their penalty shoot-out , the hosts are set for a defeat .
they also predicted that argentina will win tomorrow 's clash with the netherlands , paving the way for a