by .
freya noble .
lawyers defending three people committed to stand trial for taking part in the genital mutilation of two young sisters in sydney say their clients ' actions did not break nsw law .
the lawyers for the girls ' mother , a retired nurse and a sheikh said on friday that a ` nick ' or ` cut ' does not meet the legal definition of mutilation .
the girls were aged six and seven at the time of the alleged mutilations between october 2010 and july 2012 .
the 69-year-old former nurse , the girls ' mother and a sheikh were ordered to stand trial by magistrate roger brown at parramatta local court on friday .
the two sisters were aged six and seven when the alleged mutilations took place .
the nurse is accused of performing the circumcisions while the mother , who can not be named for legal reasons , was present .
the sheikh has been charged with being an accessory after the fact .
he allegedly told locals to lie about the prevalence of female genital mutilation within their small sect of islam .
more ... pictured : the pakistani immigrant who beat his wife to death in their new york apartment because she made him the wrong dinner - but his lawyer claims that 's just his culture .
rolf harris ` groped teenage girl 's breasts before assaulting her mother at the same art event ' defence lawyers for all three argued that , unless circumcision and tissue removal are involved , it is technically not mutilation , and referred to male circumcision as an example .
but dr brown ruled that ` all non-medical mutilation is prohibited .
` any nick or cut to the clitoris will amount to mutilation , ' he said .
` fgm is prohibited regardless of religion or cultural attempts to justify the practice .
' he said the effects of genital mutilation should not be discounted .
` it 's all too easy for adults to play down the unknown effects of genital mutilation of children , ' he said .
' a small cut on the clitoris might sound trivial ... but magnify that and apply it to male genitalia and most men would be hesitant to undergo the same procedure .
' dr brown said , despite sound legal arguments