by .
aaron sharp .
published : .
08:29 est , 6 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:39 est , 6 december 2013 .
ayan ismail , seen walking from woolwich crown court today , fraudulently claimed # 91,000 in benefits .
a somali asylum-seeker who has evaded deportation despite twice being convicted of id fraud , has walked free from court again after pleading guilty to a # 91,000 benefit scam .
a judge ruled that ayan ismail , 39 , could not be immediately removed from the country because she has a seven-year-old daughter who was born here , even though she was in the uk illegally when she became pregnant .
adding insult to the decision , crown court judge david tomlinson ruled that she would not repay any of the money she has fraudulently claimed , saying : ` awarding compensation is undesirable in a case like this .
' the mother-of-four 's litany of deception began when she entered the country in 1998 as a canadian citizen by marriage .
once in the uk , she applied for a national insurance number under a false identity and used it to claim housing benefit council tax benefit , income support , disability living allowance and employment and support allowance .
under that false name she was convicted at warwick crown court on september 30 , 2004 of seeking to remain in the uk , by deception , and was sentenced to six months imprisonment , suspended for twelve months .
then , using another bogus name of saediya mohamed in october 2005 she then successfully applied for permanent leave to remain in the uk as an asylum seeker .
still in the country , she continued to use a false identity in a bid to claim permanent asylum .
1998 - ayan ismail enters the country , a canadian citizen by marriage , and attempts to claim benefits , income support , disability living allowance and employment and support allowance under a false name .
2004 - she is convicted at warwick crown court of seeking to remain in the uk by deception and is sentenced to six months imprisonment , suspended for twelve months .
2005 - ismail uses another bogus name of saediya mohamed to successfully apply for permanent leave to remain in the uk as an asylum seeker .
2009