adorable babies born at a pittsburgh hospital are heading home with their parents in tiny stockings .
the magee-women 's hospital at the university of pittsburgh medical center snapped photos of the tots lined up in the stockings , each with a green or red hat atop their head .
parents spending their first christmas with their babies at the hospital get the stockings and hand-knitted hats as keepsakes , abc reported .
nurses at the hospital have been organizing the event for several years , it added .
gifts : newborn babies are seen bundled in tiny stockings at magee-women 's hospital at the university of pittsburgh medical center in pennsylvania .
their parents can keep the stockings and hats as keepsakes .
on facebook , staff shared a photo of the pile of tiny hats that volunteers have kindly knitted for the new arrivals .
` if you 've walked through the magee lobby recently , you may have noticed a group of women surrounded by construction tape , ' a message on the page read .
` known as the `` magee knitters '' , the group started in september 2014 with a mission to make caps for the newborn babies at the hospital .
' by tuesday , the magee knitters had whipped up a staggering 193 hats for the babies .
` of course , they 're always happy to welcome new members , so next time you 're in the neighborhood , swing by the magee knitters station !
' it added .
festive : the hospital has been carrying out the tradition with the help of volunteers for several years .
nearly 11,000 babies are born at magee each year , which accounts for 45 per cent of all births in allegheny county , pennsylvania , according to the hospital 's website .
the neonatal intensive care unit -lrb- nicu -rrb- is the largest in the state and one of the largest in the u.s. and treats more than 1,500 seriously or critically ill babies each year .
other hospitals around the country have also adopted the tradition , including kettering medical center in ohio , which has been popping tots in stockings for 20 years .
in albuqurque , new mexico , the presbyterian hospital has been sending babies home in stockings for 36 years .
this year , staff worked on