by .
sara malm .
published : .
07:05 est , 9 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:46 est , 9 may 2013 .
in today 's tough job market , many are forced to take desperate measures to get noticed by employers .
but one group on unemployed danes are taking ` putting yourself out there ' to another level , by spending their days on display in a shop window .
the display , called ` exhibited : too clever to sit in a window ?
' allows 15 job seekers to take a seat in a shopfront on a busy copenhagen in the hopes that potential employers will walk by .
window seat : one of the 15 unemployed academics have taken his place in the window for project ` exhibit ?
too clever to sit in a window ?
' thanks to a low public debt and .
remaining outside the eurozone , denmark has been shielded from much of .
the economic turmoil blighting the rest of europe .
but despite this qualified professionals are still finding it tough to get a job and opportunities for academics are sparse .
danish marketing firm reputation .
copenhagen came up with ingenious way of helping 15 unemployed and .
top-educated men and women get noticed and built an office display in .
the window of its headquarters , located in the danish capital 's business .
district .
the unemployed range from former ceos .
to lawyers , economists and a ballerina and will each be given slots to .
spend their time in the window as they please to get potential employers to double-take .
showcase : the project involves 15 unemployed men and women who are given free reins to use the window for presentations or as a work space in the hopes an employer walks by .
they can put on a presentation , performance , or simply use the time to work at the provided desk as people walk by .
' i am sitting here like a monkey in a .
cage , ' hannibal camel holt , an unemployed political scientist describes .
the experience as ` a monkey in a cage ' as he takes his space in the .
window .
despite a long cv of qualifications .
and experience - as well as speaking six