by .
fiona macrae .
published : .
12:04 est , 3 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
12:06 est , 3 march 2014 .
two women are less likely to co-operate than two men , a study claims .
meryl streep played mean boss miranda priestly in the devil wears prada -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
they may lack the competitive streak of their male colleagues but women are loath to work together .
a study found two women are less likely to co-operate than two men when one is more powerful than the other .
similarly , two females of different rank are less likely to work together than a man and a woman .
the finding contradicts the widely held belief that women 's nurturing nature makes it natural for them to help each other out , while men are too competitive to have time for each other .
researchers said that men may be wired to put their differences aside in order to form alliances .
women , however , are most comfortable with people who are on the same level as them .
richard wrangham , of the university of quebec at montreal , said : ` the question we wanted to examine was : do men or women co-operate better with members of their own sex ?
` the conventional wisdom is that women co-operate more easily but when you look at how armies or sports teams function , there is evidence that men are better at co-operating in some ways .
' to look at whether there sexes differ in how they co-operate , the scientists looked at research collaborations in 50 university psychology departments .
this showed that all female pairings of junior and senior researchers were much less common than collaborations between two men at different stages in their career .
however , women of the same rank did n't seem to have difficulty in working together and mixed-sex collaborations were also common .
in other words , the problem arises in situations in which one female is more powerful than the other .
writing in the journal current biology , the researchers said the lack of trust may come from both directions .
u.s. researchers said that men may be wired to put their differences aside in order to form alliances .
women , however , are most comfortable