by .
tamara cohen .
grant shapps accused nick clegg of hypocrisy yesterday as he insisted the government still intended to reduce migration to ` tens of thousands ' a year .
the tory party chairman denied the liberal democrat leader 's claim that his party had secretly dropped their pledge to reduce net migration less than 100,000 .
in an interview , he said the target ` remained party policy ' .
last year net migration was 212,000 .
scroll down for video .
hit back : grant shapps has hit back at nick clegg 's claims the party 's migration figures are based on a ` fallacy ' mr clegg used a speech in london yesterday to accuse the conservatives of being ` completely fixated with the net migration target ' which he said was based on a ` fallacy ' .
he accused the conservatives of failing to carry out basic border checks to make sure illegal immigrants and those overstaying on their visas were caught .
and in a significant change of tone called for much tighter controls on immigration from new eu states , saying people had lost faith in the government 's assurances following the arrival of 60,000 bulgarians and romanians .
he suggested giving eu member states the right to impose controls ` if people begin arriving in numbers too big for our society to absorb successfully ' .
but mr shapps told lbc radio that it was mr clegg who had been standing in the way of the coalition taking action to rein in immigration .
on the immigration target he said : ` it remains the policy , it has not changed .
we do want to see immigration reduced to tens of thousands ' .
accusations : the tory chairman reacted by saying nick clegg gas blocked calls to rein in eu migration .
he accused the lib dem leader of performing a ` u turn ' similar to the party 's stance on tuition fees -- which they pledged to abolish in opposition , but have now risen to # 9,000 a year .
the conservative party chairman said : ` the surprising thing about it is that he has never raised any of these concerns that i am aware of privately over the last few years .
` what 's more , he has actively blocked several of