by .
sophie jane evans .
the royal navy has revealed its latest 3d radar system which can track missiles - before knocking them out of the sky .
the cutting-edge system , called ` artisan ' , was tested by some 180 sailors on board hms iron duke off the coast of portland today .
it tracked a sea-skimming target , before launching a seawolf missile - which crashed into the object seconds later .
scroll down for video .
trial : the royal navy tested its ` artisan ' system on board hms iron duke off the coast of portland today .
it tracked a target , before launching a seawolf missle -lrb- above -rrb- - which crashed into the object seconds later .
the dramatic moment , caught on camera by crew members , was the first time the system had been used to track a moving target ahead of a missile launch .
and it has been deemed a success - with experts saying the ` artisan ' system could be used by the navy in the future to counter any threats in the skies .
` i 'm pleased the team performed well .
and we achieved the firing quickly and efficiently , ' said .
lieutenant commander chris l'amie , who directed the firing from the frigate 's operations .
room .
` it really boosted .
confidence in the new radar ahead of iron duke 's deployment .
' new technology : the dramatic moment , caught on camera by crew members , was the first time the system had been used to track a moving target ahead of a missile launch .
above , a sailor uses the 3d radar system .
frigate : and it has been deemed a success - with experts saying the ` artisan ' system could be used by the navy in the future to counter any threats in the skies .
above , hms iron duke , where the tests were carried out .
today , sailors used the system to track the target , which was being dragged along the surface of the sea by a long tow wire attached to an aircraft .
they then passed the data to the seawolf missile to follow and shoot - before successfully blasting the object out of the sky with a direct hit , according to a