chelsea will spend christmas three points clear at the top of the barclays premier league after they regained the cushion with a 2-0 win at stoke .
sportsmail 's ralph ellis rated the players ' performances at the britannia stadium on monday night .
stoke -lrb- 4-2-3-1 -rrb- .
asmir begovic 6 .
let down by his defence for the early goal , he kept the score down with a good save from costa late on .
phil bardsley 5.5 .
should have seen red for shocking tackle on hazard .
booked .
ryan shawcross 7 .
a reminder that he deserves another chance with england -- handled diego costa with authority .
stoke city defender ryan shawcross kept tight rein on chelsea 's diego costa -lrb- right -rrb- .
marc muniesa 6 .
ex-barcelona defender still has n't adjusted to premier league .
hesitant at times .
erik pieters 5.5 .
had his hands full defending and could n't join attacks as he might have liked .
geoff cameron 5 .
got bullied by terry for the early goal and struggled to affect the midfield .
subbed .
stoke city 's phil bardsley -lrb- left -rrb- should have seen red for shocking tackle on chelsea 's eden hazard .
steven nzonzi 6 .
best of stoke 's midfield players , kept it simple .
jonathan walters 6 .
worked hard -- as always -- but with little reward .
bojan 6 .
hints of promise from the man who was once considered barcelona 's next lionel messi but not enough end product .
chelsea boss jose mourinho embraces bojan krkic after the final whistle .
marko arnautovic 5 .
very little impact on the left , and failed to beat first man with a couple of crosses .
peter crouch 5.5 .
worked hard but had to fight for scraps .
subbed after 62 minutes .
subs .
diouf -lrb- for crouch , 62 -rrb- 5.5 .
adam -lrb- for cameron , 67 -rrb- 6 .
assaidi -lrb- for arnautovic , 81 -rrb- 5.5 .
not used : huth , whelan , wilson , butland .
manager .
mark hughes 6 .
chelsea striker diego costa clashed with stoke manager mark hughes .
chelsea -lrb- 4-2-3-1 -rrb- .
thibaut courtois 6 .
good early save and dealt well with long throws and crosses .
branislav ivanovic 6 .
not