by .
tim shipman .
published : .
04:31 est , 5 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
19:06 est , 5 november 2012 .
britain is in talks to set up a military base in the arabian gulf to deter iran from attacking its neighbours .
the plan would see raf jets stationed permanently in the united arab emirates , according to downing street officials .
the development emerged during a visit to the gulf by david cameron yesterday in which he warned of the dangers of iran 's quest for atomic weapons .
scroll down for video .
kick-starting his trade visit , david cameron met his highness mohammed bin rashid al maktoum -lrb- right -rrb- at za'abeel palace in dubai today where they had lunch together before travelling onto abu dhabi .
the prime minister met students at zayed university in abu dhabi where he reiterated his support for the arab spring .
the prime minister promised uae leaders help from the uk in the event of teheran launching an attack .
later , in an interview with abu dhabi newspaper the national , mr cameron said sanctions against iran needed to be given time to work .
but he added : ` if , in the long term , iran makes the wrong choice , nothing is off the table .
a nuclear-armed iran is a threat to the world and the united kingdom and i will work unwaveringly to prevent that from happening .
' david cameron held a q&a session with 350 students at zayed university in abu dhabi at the start of his three-day tour of the gulf and middle east .
the prime minister , who hopes to secure lucrative arms deals during the trade visit , was asked about the threat posed by iran developing nuclear weapons .
he is seeking to persuade gulf states to buy 100 eurofighter typhoon jets to boost their defences .
mr cameron flew into al minhad military air base in dubai with defence secretary philip hammond to see raf pilots show off the planes .
british commanders are eyeing al minhad or al dafra airbase near abu dhabi as a permanent ` strategic base ' from where they could launch military action to keep open the strait of hormuz .
iran has threatened to close the waterway , which is a conduit for