a washington mother has given birth to a baby boy weighing a whopping 14 pounds and 11 ounces .
francisco leon ortiz , who was delivered by c-section at grays harbor community hospital in aberdeen on december 2 , was so large that his dad had to run out and buy new clothes for him because he did n't fit into any newborn clothes they had at the ready .
large babies are often the result of gestational diabetes , but his mother , yessica ortiz delgado , had no such issues through her pregnancy , said david quigg , the hospital 's director of public relations .
he added that her two other children were about 12 pounds each at birth so she expected another large baby - but doctors had thought francisco would be 13 pounds at the most .
shock : yessica ortiz delgado looks at her son , francisco leon diaz , who was born weighing a whopping 14 pounds and 11 ounces at grays harbor community hospital in washington last week .
after seeing his son , the baby 's father , francisco leon diaz , had to go and buy new clothes for the boy because they did not have any big enough .
the hospital has spare clothing to give newborn babies , but none of that fitted francisco either , quigg said .
some of the nurses kindly went out and bought him a few items too .
francisco was initially in the icu but headed home on tuesday .
both mother and son are doing well , but the newborn will have to visit another , less rural hospital for further check ups .
the birth center at grays harbor community hospital delivers around 550 babies a year , but the experience was new to them .
` we deliver babies of all sizes , but it is not every day that we deliver and care for a baby as large as francisco , ' hospital director barbara connett told the grays harbor talk .
his birth came a day after colorado resident alisha hernandez gave birth to daughter mia yasmin garcia , who weighed 13 pounds , 13 ounces .
early christmas present : baby francisco , who was photographed at the hospital in aberdeen , washington when he was four days old , has now returned home with his