wigan climbed up to third place in the first utility super league after exacting sweet revenge on arch-rivals st helens for october 's grand-final defeat .
the warriors came out on top 12-4 in a brutal , no-holds-barred contest in front of a spellbound capacity 24,054 crowd at the dw stadium which contained just three tries but countless examples of rugby league at its finest .
defences reigned supreme and both sets of players were out on their feet long before the end of an absorbing good friday duel as the ferocious exchanges , on a glue-pot pitch , began to takes its toll .
wigan warriors ' dom manfredi -lrb- centre -rrb- celebrates with his team-mates after he scores his side 's first try .
it took a try from sydney-bound winger joe burgess 10 minutes from the end to finally break the champions ' resistance .
it was a second successive defeat for saints , who began the season under keiron cunningham with six wins in a row , but there was no shame in this loss .
cunningham was forced to turn to a new half-back pairing in jordan turner and lance hohaia after skipper jon wilkin joined travis burns on the injury list by pulling a hamstring in training while paul wellens , restored to the captaincy , limped off four minutes into the second half to prompt another re-shuffle , .
wigan could hardly have made a better start , with winger dom manfredi charging over for a try after just 52 seconds , reclaiming possession after turner 's attempted clearance kick was charged down by prop lee mossop .
wigan warriors ' manfredi went over for the first try as his side exacted revenge over st helens .
matty smith kicked the goal to make it 6-0 and saints had to scramble to prevent manfredi and his centre anthony gelling adding to the warriors ' lead .
wigan were indebted to a terrific last-ditch by george williams that brought down centre josh jones in full flight and , as the momentum shifted towards the visitors , it was no surprise when impressive forward louie mccarthy-scarsbrook charged over for a try on 15 minutes .
tom makinson , third choice marskman in the absence of mark percival and burns , was unable to add the goal and saints suffered a blow when boom second rower