by .
associated press .
gm food must carry a label , politicians in the american state of vermont have decided .
it is the first us state to make labelling a legal requirement .
the legislation , which is to come into force in 2016 , was welcomed as a ` momentous decision ' by campaigners concerned about the health and environmental impacts of ` frankenfood ' .
several other us states are now considering following vermont 's lead .
from mid-2016 , vermont will require all food that has been genetically modified to be clearly labelled .
the vermont law takes effect in mid-2016 , but opponents said shortly after the bill signing that they would file a lawsuit .
the grocery manufacturers ' association said government has no compelling interest in warning consumers about gmo foods .
another obstacle to the state law looms in congress as republicans work on a bill that would forbid states from passing and enforcing laws requiring gmo labeling .
critics of gmo foods consider them environmentally suspect and a possible health threat .
but many in the food industry say the food is safe , the technology boosts food production , and its use is less environmentally harmful than traditional farming methods .
in signing the legislation , shumlin asked for support internet-wide , announcing the launch of a new website to help the state raise funds toward a court battle with agribusiness or biotech industries .
` we are asking people all across america , and all across the great state of vermont , to go to -lrb- the website -rrb- and make a donation , so that we can win the vermont food fight fund fight not only for vermont , but for america , ' shumlin said .
meanwhile , the biotechnology industry organization said in a statement that scientists and regulators worldwide recognize that foods made from genetically modified crops are safe .
industry insiders argue gm food are safe , and allow farmers to produce more crops on less land with less water .
` and these same gm crops have enabled farmers to produce more on less land with fewer pesticide applications , less water and reduced on-farm fuel use , ' bio vice president cathleen enright said .
in congress , a house bill proposes voluntary labels on gmo foods .
the bill would