by .
sara malm .
published : .
17:19 est , 28 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
11:04 est , 29 november 2012 .
pervert : salem al-majali had no less than 200 videos filmed up women 's skirts in his home in battersea , south london .
a man who preyed on women in supermarkets and stations to film up their skirts have been banned from owning any kind of recording device .
salem al-majali , 52 , may have gathered seedy footage of 1,000 women as at least 200 recordings of unsuspecting women were found in his south london home .
engineer al-majali was caught filming up the skirts of two women in victoria station with cameras hidden in a rucksack .
after his arrest , al-majali confessed to police he had preyed on hundreds of women during the last two years and that he bought cameras and camcorders specifically to make the perverted recordings .
` it is evident the only reason he acquired the recording equipment was solely to record these footages ' , prosecutor michael phillips told westminster magistrates court .
` he committed multiple offences over a long period of time , it was very elaborate and well organised , and having looked at the video equipment at his home , there were no less than 200 recordings .
' al-majali held his head in his hands throughout the court hearing as details of his sordid activities were revealed .
police believe the upskirt video clips found on several cameras and camcorders at his south london home were shot of women in every corner of capital .
` there were numerous images and footage of a similar nature that he had filmed at supermarkets , train stations , and other public places ' , said mr phillips .
` they ladies involved would certainly be very alarmed , distressed , and embarrassed if they found out what had happened .
' al-majali 's filthy scheme was .
disrupted on july 21 this year when a security guard noticed him .
behaving suspiciously in marks & spencer in victoria station .
` the security guard recognised the defendant as he had often seen him entering the shop ' , said mr phillips .
station perv : he was caught filming up female shoppers ' skirts in a marks & spencer at victoria