by .
kerry mcqueeney and helen pow .
published : .
15:49 est , 13 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:12 est , 13 february 2013 .
victim : kalyn pennygraph , then 3 , was riding the techno jump at the houston livestock show and rodeo last march when she slipped from under a restraint and fell off the ride .
a texas family has received an almost $ 80,000 pay out after their young daughter was thrown up to 8 feet off a carnival ride and suffered concussion .
kalyn pennygraph , then 3 , was riding the techno jump at the houston livestock show and rodeo last march when she slipped from under a restraint and fell off the ride .
the dramatic accident was caught on tape .
her mother , shaniea pennygraph , sued the carnival operator , ray cammack shows , in november seeking compensation for medical care , physical pain and mental anguish as well as current and probable future physical impairment , and the case was settled on monday .
according to the chron.com , kalyn .
will receive payments worth at least $ 50,000 to help during her college .
years and another $ 27,500 to cover medical expenses and attorneys ' fees .
john neese , the pennygraph family 's lawyer , told chron.com that kaylyn was ` doing fine ' almost a year after the accident .
according to an injury report , the .
girl boarded the ride with her brother while her mother was supervising .
on the sidelines and suffered a concussion and head abrasions from the .
fall .
the incident has forced stricter fairground ride requirements for children .
kalyn was reportedly tall enough to .
ride on the techno jump under earlier rules .
scroll down for video .
ride of terror : footage shows the moment three-year-old kalyn slipped under the restraining barrier .
fall : the child is seen coming coming loose from the car , about 25 seconds into the ride .
coming loose : earlier in the ride , the child is seen sliding down in her seat before the contraption 's ` bouncing ' mechanism is activated .
for the reminder of the .
march 2012 carnival children too short to ride alone had to be .
accompanied by an adult aged 16 or over