new research sheds fresh light on the deadly toll of tobacco showing the an astonishing two-thirds of smokers will die early from smoking-related health issues .
the new australian research , published by bmc medicine , showed that doctors had a low estimate of smokers who die from their habit and that the actual figure was roughly 67 per cent .
the earlier you put your cigarettes out permanently , the better your chance of avoiding those illnesses .
new research shows smoking is even more deadly than guessed , and that only 10 cigarettes a day can double a smoker 's risk of fatal disease .
` the relative risks of adverse health effects increase with increasing intensity of smoking , ' said the study , ' ` measured by the amount of tobacco smoked per day , and with increasing duration of smoking .
' smoking can lead to elevated risk for at least 13 different cancers .
the washington post reports that 10 cigarettes a day will double the smoker 's risk of death while a pack quadruples the numbers .
the centers for disease control and prevention estimates about 42.1 million americans smoke cigarettes , a habit which remains the number one cause of preventable disease and death in the u.s. .
at least one in five of the country 's 480,000 annual deaths can be tied to smoking .
` we knew smoking was bad , but we now have direct , independent evidence that confirms the disturbing findings that have been emerging internationally , ' emily banks , the study 's co-author and a researcher at the australian national university , said upon releasing the findings .
smoking remains the top preventable cause of disease and death in the united states .
the study examined a pool of more than 200,000 people .
and more than just the obvious health impact , there 's a financial burden as smokers run up about $ 6,000 more annually in health care costs and productivity than their smoke-free counterparts for their employers .
smokers tend to require an average of 40 per cent more in health care costs , according to the new england journal of medicine .
there have been multiple initiatives to get smoker to quit , from banning smoking in bars and restaurants and parks to tax hikes .
its estimated that about 30