a swedish monster-spotter has won a # 2,000 prize for a picture he took of the legendary scottish creature - without leaving his home in stockholm .
bjarne sjöstrand , 52 , spotted a long , thin object in the water on google earth , after he logged on to his computer 800 miles away .
mr sjöstrand , who has never visited scotland , won the best loch ness monster sighting of 2014 , in an annual competition run by bookmaker william hill .
scroll down for video .
bjarne sjöstrand from stockholm , sweden , took this picture on google maps - he believes it could be nessie .
this infamous picture purporting to show the loch ness monster was taken in 1934 by dr kenneth wilson .
the systems administrator was at home in stockholm when he spotted a long thin object in the water on a google earth image taken above horse shoe scree on the loch 's southern side .
mr sjöstrand said : ' i am very interested in anything regarding nessie and the history of loch ness .
` the reason i found this image on google earth was that i was sitting one night at home reading about nessie and loch ness on the internet and thought i would check to see if i could see something from above - and that proved to turn out well .
' i have never been to scotland but my hopes are that one day i will visit loch ness .
' bjarne sjöstrand -lrb- pictured -rrb- has now won # 2,000 for his intriguing picture of the loch 's mysterious inhabitant .
the picture is the latest in a series of possible loch ness monster pictures .
in november mailonline reported that grainy footage had emerged showing a long and thin shape swaying in the water - one that bears a striking resemblance to nessie 's fabled slender neck .
the video shows the object waving in the choppy water , around 500ft from the loch 's shore .
it was captured by richard collis -- who counts himself amongst the most ardent nessie cynics after years of fishing on the waters without a sighting .
but the tree planter was so taken aback by the mysterious shape he noticed while driving along the edge of the loch that he filmed it on his