a nsw state labor party candidate could be dumped just five days after being pre-selected after comments were published in which he appeared to warn female migrants about the risks of reporting domestic violence to police .
susai benjamin has the backing of alp heavyweights for a seat in western sydney but his candidacy has been called into question over an article that appeared in the law society journal in march 2012 , in which he said there was a misunderstanding among women who had recently arrived in australia that police act as counsellors in domestic abuse cases .
` for example , some wives think that they can call the police , and the police will come and warn their husbands not to be violent , but instead the police , when they come , arrest and charge them , ' mr benjamin said .
` this leads to a total breakdown of the family relationships .
' newly endorsed australian labor party candidate susai benjamin is facing a backlash over his comments on domestic violence .
mr benjamin , a solicitor and barrister , is part of the toongabbie legal centre in sydney 's western suburbs , a community-based legal centre which provides free legal advice and information ` to those who can not afford to pay private lawyers and for those who do not know where to go when they encounter a legal problem ' .
at first mr benjamin called the matter ` just a storm in a tea cup ' and refused to recant the views he expressed in the article .
but on monday , he told daily mail australia that ` my position is that domestic violence is not acceptable under any circumstances ' .
` it 's just that for some communities we need better education about the role of police and how they act in terms of domestic violence , ' he said .
` people should report domestic violence to police , no ifs or buts , but sometimes they are told they should not have called them about an argument and then it is too late to make alterations .
' advocacy groups say western sydney has one of the country 's worst rates of domestic violence .
his reported views have caused dismay within his own party and anti-domestic violence campaigners .
mr benjamin 's pre-selection for the