by .
rob waugh .
published : .
09:50 est , 23 april 2012 .
| .
updated : .
09:51 est , 23 april 2012 .
after facebook 's purchase of photo-sharing site instagram for $ 1billion , various firms have sized up photo-board network pinterest as ripe for purchase .
business magazine forbes said the network could have a value of up to $ 7.7 billion - and others have made more modest estimates around the $ 1 billion mark .
but as investors circle , the most important observers of all seem to be losing interest - user numbers have slumped in the past month .
numbers for the photo-sharing site have slumped in the past month after a meteoric rise throughout last year and into early 2012 .
pinterest 's numbers have slumped in the past month : t is speculated that the people who signed up to the site simply to try out the latest fad have now decided that it is not for them .
dying craze : new figures reveal that the number of people joining pinterest through facebook have seriously declined this month .
the majority of pinterest users .
sign up through facebook and the number of people doing this has .
significantly dropped in the past few months , according to data .
collected by the business insider .
the site works as a ` timeline app ' within facebook , allowing facebook users to use one log-in across both .
and share ` pins ' - pinterest 's term for posts - via a facebook page .
appdata , .
which monitors how often users of third-party apps and other web sites .
interact with facebook , has shown the site 's decline .
the .
site 's growth slowed last month and it is now revealed that users are .
turning away from the network , which was launched in march 2010 .
monthly active users are down from 11.15 million on april 1 to 8.3 million today .
rapid growth : since its launch in march 2010 the site quickly grew in popularity , as this graph shows , but now new figures reveal pinterest is losing users this month .
with endorsements from president barack .
obama and mark zuckerburg the picture-sharing program that allows users to essentially create ` vision boards ' of their favorite