pakistan 's cricket world cup revival continued with a 29-run duckworth/lewis win in a close encounter against south africa in auckland on saturday - a third successive victory which boosts their chances of reaching the quarter-finals .
pakistan batted first at eden park and , after their innings was twice interrupted by rain , they lost their last five wickets for 25 runs to slump to 222 all out with a top score of 56 from misbah-ul-haq from their 46 overs .
in reply , a score of 77 from 58 balls by ab de villiers steadied the ship but south africa failed to meet their victory target as they were bowled out for 202 after mohammad irfan , rahat ali and wahab riaz claimed three wickets apiece .
the pakistan team celebrate their 29-run victory over south africa at the cricket world cup in new zealand .
pakistan captain mibah ul-haq -lrb- left -rrb- and team-mate shahid afridi smile as they leave the field .
pakistan openers ahmed shehzad and sarfraz ahmed had made a collective 30 when shehzad was dismissed thanks to an exquisite catch from dale steyn off kyle abbott 's bowling in the ninth over .
the fast bowler , fielding at mid on , had to back-pedal considerably but made up enough ground before diving and snaffling a two-handed catch a mere inches from the ground .
the eden park crowd roared excitedly when sarfraz clubbed jp duminy for successive sixes early in 16th over before adding a third maximum with the final ball of the over .
ab de villiers gave south africa some hope but they were unable to record the required total against pakistan .
wahab riaz -lrb- left -rrb- celebrates with ahmad shahzad after claiming the last wicket of imran tahir -lrb- right -rrb- .
pakistan has reached to 90 for one at the start of the 17th over , but a moment of madness saw sarfraz run out attempting a second run to depart one run short of his fifty .
skipper de villiers brought himself into the attack and was celebrating in his third over when younus , having looked extremely comfortable , tamely chipped to cover to depart for 37 in the 27th over .
sohaib maqsood -lrb- eight -rrb- lasted just 15 balls before he clipped abbott to point as pakistan 's innings stalled somewhat at 156