parents angrily confronted a head teacher after he gave primary children books about tackling homophobic bullying .
police were called after the protest , which had been orchestrated by religious campaigners , became heated .
head teacher jamie barry is said to have faced aggression and verbal abuse at the meeting at welford primary in birmingham , one of the schools linked to the ` trojan horse ' scandal earlier this year .
head teacher jamie barry -lrb- pictured -rrb- is said to have faced aggression and verbal abuse at the meeting at welford primary in birmingham , after children were given books on tackling homophobic bullying .
it was one of 21 schools inspected by ofsted amid claims of a conspiracy by hardliners to impose strict islamic practices .
while welford , which has a large muslim intake , was given a clean bill of health , inspectors reported some children saying they believed it was wrong to be gay .
the protest occurred at a regular parents ' meeting last month .
mr barry was expecting about 20 attendees to discuss routine matters , only to find around 100 parents there demanding to know about the introduction of teaching materials called challenging homophobia in primary schools -lrb- chips -rrb- .
the parents had been encouraged to attend by anti-abortion group the society for the protection of unborn children -lrb- spuc -rrb- , which shares common ground with conservative muslims on several issues .
welford -lrb- pictured -rrb- was inspected by ofsted amid claims of a conspiracy by hardliners to impose strict islamic practices - while given a clean bill of health , inspectors reported some children saying it was wrong to be gay .
an email obtained by the daily mail was sent to some parents by antonia tully , who coordinates spuc 's safe at school campaign .
she listed 13 questions she asked to be forwarded to as many parents as possible to support spuc 's view that young children should not be taught about homosexuality .
the email said the head teacher ` needs to hear the same concerns ' -- such as ` teaching children about sexual orientation is n't making them safe -lsb- but -rsb- putting ideas into children 's heads ' .
as a result , the meeting -- involving parents from a variety of religious backgrounds -- became heated .
some