by .
leon watson .
a teacher in turkey has been jailed for ` humiliating religious values ' after he used the nickname ` allah c.c. ' on twitter .
the user , named ertan p , was accused by .
prosecutors in the eastern province of muş of ` writing harmful content ' for including the name of god and the prophet .
the court rejected the defendant 's claim that his account was hacked and he was handed 15 months behind bars .
a teacher using the twitter nickname ` allah c.c. ' has been jailed in turkey for ` humiliating religious values ' c.c. is the abbreviation of the honorific arabic phrase ` celle celaluhu ' which means , ' -lsb- allah 's -rsb- glory is so almighty .
' his handle , still live on twitter , also included the prophet 's name .
on the indictment he was charged with ` humiliating the religious values accepted by a part of the people ' , hurriyet daily news reported .
prosecutors said : ` the suspect has accepted the use of the nickname and the posts , but in order to avoid the crime , he said posts could have been written after the account was hacked .
` it is understood that this claim is unfounded and the investigation files prove him guilty as charged .
' in march , turkey 's prime minister recep tayyip erdogan tried to ban twitter altogether after some users posted links suggesting government corruption .
however , .
the following month erdogan said .
he had to comply with a turkish high court ruling to unblock twitter .
after it ruled the ban violated the right to free expression .
turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan has already tried to block twitter and youtube .
erdogan , who had vowed to ` rip out the roots ' of twitter for allowing the postings , said he did n't agree with the decision .
turkey then later tried to block access to youtube .
but yesterday the .
ban on youtube was overturned after the highest court ruled it was a .
violation of the country 's freedom of expression .
the ruling is a setback for erdogan who had advocated shutting down the video-sharing website .