paranoid president : putin has every dish inspected by a medically-qualified professional sampler , who makes sure that it is completely safe to eat .
the security obsessed russian president vladimir putin has all of his dishes tested for poison , it emerged today .
he has every dish inspected by a medically-qualified professional sampler , who makes sure that it is completely safe to eat .
the revelation about the 59-year-old former kgb agent was served up by gilles bragard , founder of an elite group of chefs who cook for the world 's most powerful men and women .
` tasters still exist but only in the kremlin , where a doctor checks every dish with the chef , ' said mr bragard .
speaking in paris before a meeting of the ` club des chefs des chefs ' -lrb- chiefs ' chefs club -rrb- , mr bragard also revealed that american presidents often liked their food ` security cleared ' before eating .
these included george bush , who had two former fbi agents taste his every one of his dishes during a trip to london .
american leaders are particularly suspicious of non-us food .
secretary of state hillary clinton is , for example , said to have ` got rid of the french chef when she arrived at the white house because she found his cuisine too rich .
' close friends ?
george bush apparently had two former fbi agents taste his every one of his dishes during a trip to london .
other fascinating tidbits including a claim by london-based anton mosimann , who has cooked for numerous british prime ministers , that the duchess of cambridge had a heavy sauce ` modified ' to make it lighter .
baroness thatcher was particularly concerned about cost , once questioning the price of the veal steak and morille mushrooms offered to former french socialist president francois mitterrand .
count the pennies : baroness thatcher , right , was particularly concerned about cost , once questioning the price of the veal steak and morille mushrooms offered to former french socialist president francois mitterrand , left .
lady thatcher congratulated mr mosimann on the quality of the dish years later , but then said : ` it was very expensive .
' recalling mrs thatcher 's frowning face , mr mosimann said : ` she never