by .
rik sharma .
published : .
14:41 est , 12 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
04:06 est , 13 november 2012 .
a 24-year-old man was arrested at heathrow airport on monday morning on suspicion of committing or planning terrorism offences .
he was detained by officers from the metropolitan police 's counter terrorism command after arriving on a flight from bahrain .
it is suspected the arrest was made in relation to attempts to prevent people joining up with syrian rebels and then returning to britain with honed terrorism skills .
arrested : the 24-year-old man was arrested after arriving on monday morning from bahrain on suspicion of terrorism offences .
the man was taken to a south london police station where he is being questioned over alleged terrorist activity .
a police spokesman said : ` officers from the mps -lrb- metropolitan police service -rrb- counter terrorism command today , monday november 12 , arrested a 24-year-old man on suspicion of the commission , preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism , under the terrorism act 2000 .
` he was arrested at 8.45 am after arriving on a flight from bahrain to heathrow airport .
` the man was arrested after initially being stopped by immigration officials at 8am .
' he added : ` today 's arrest forms part of an investigation into travel to syria in support of alleged terrorist activity .
' another man , shajul islam , 26 , a trainee nhs doctor , has been charged with keeping a british and a dutch journalist captive .
islam , who studied at st bartholomew 's and a university of london hospital , is accused of being part of an extremist group that held john cantlie , who worked for various newspapers including the sunday times , and jeroen oerlemans for around a week in the war-torn state .
threat : britain 's security services want to stop people joining up with rebels in syria and then returning with dangerous terrorism skills .
islam , from stratford , east london , was arrested at heathrow airport last month as he arrived back in the uk with his wife and one-year-old daughter on a flight from egypt .
he is accused of being a doctor for the jihadi group that kidnapped the journalists and held them at a camp in