have you ever booked that ` executive junior suite ' at a hotel , only to arrive to find a broom cupboard with a view of an air conditioning unit ?
according to new research , 48 per cent of britons have had to request to move after check-in when discovering the room is a far cry from what they saw on the website .
responding to poll results that suggest that one in five british travellers admit their holiday has been ruined by anxiety over whether to ` suffer in silence ' or getting up the nerve to complain , thistle hotels have come up with a solution .
choose your own room : thistle hotel has launched a service allowing guests to select where they stay .
the chain 's euston hotel in london has just launched a free ` choose your own room ' online service .
with 88 per cent of britons saying they 'd prefer to select what room they stay in , thistle 's solution to ` room anxiety ' allows guests to take a 360 ° virtual tour of their selected room when booking .
much like pre-selecting your seat on a plane , travellers can view photographs of a specific room prior to checking in , including the view , and make a change if it does n't meet their needs .
on the brochure : have you ever booked a room , expecting it to look like this ... reality : ... only to arrive to find this ?
four in ten of those polled admit to feeling anxious about their hotel room before arriving , fearing it wo n't be what they paid for , while nearly a third have quietly requested to be given rooms away from work colleagues on business trips .
the ` choose your own room ' service aims to prevent any awkwardness for customers in such circumstances .
david grosfils , chief operating officer from thistle hotels , says : ` we know brits hate to complain , so concerns about causing a fuss if we do n't like the room we 're allocated really can spoil a stay for many .
innovative : thistle 's london euston hotel is allowing guests to preview specific rooms before booking .
` guests often opt to stay in the same bedroom if they 've stayed with us