the month of november may seem like a long way away - but preparation for the poppy appeal is already well under way .
every year 155 miles -lrb- 250km -rrb- of red paper is produced in burneside , cumbria , which is then turned into more than 50million remembrance poppies .
specialist materials group james cropper has been producing the biodegradable paper since 1978 , when the royal british legion stopped using fabric .
here we go : dave watson , chief operating officer of materials group james cropper , and ex-navy serviceman david horsman -lrb- right -rrb- pour the dye into the blender .
strong colour : red dye is added to paper stock in burneside , cumbria , to help create the red paper which makes the royal british legion poppies .
huge operation : the coloured paper is cut into smaller rolls at the james cropper paper making factory at burneside , near kendal , cumbria .
the firm , overseen by the cropper family 's sixth generation , has taken colour samples from real poppy petals to make the paper close to the real thing .
david horsman , a former weapons engineer and ships diver in the royal navy , was invited to symbolically kick-start the production process last week .
this year holds special significance for .
the appeal as the world marks the 100th anniversary of the start of the .
first world war in 1914 .
phil wild , chief executive of james cropper , said : ` although we are involved each year in the production of papers for remembrance poppies , we do n't take it for granted what the poppy means to so many families and the country as a whole .
` everyone at both james cropper paper and technical fibre products are proud to be able to arrange this special gesture of remembrance and support for the poppy appeal and are grateful to mr horsman for his service , fundraising contributions and time to mark the occasion with us .
' mr horsman saw the concentrated red colourant gradually turn the swirling container of paper pulp deep crimson , helping to celebrate and raise-awareness of the royal british legion 's poppy appeal .
red all over : the paper ` stock ' being poured into a tank and being mixed with red dye .
every year