nigel farage 's controversial claim that foreign nationals with hiv should not be treated on the nhs was part of what insiders called a ` shock and awful ' strategy .
a ukip source revealed the party had initially planned for mr farage to mention the number of foreign patients suffering from tuberculosis , in the leaders debates last night .
but when it was discovered that the antiretroviral drugs to treat people with hiv were more expensive , a decision was taken to use that example instead .
scroll down for video .
nigel farage 's controversial claim that foreign nationals with hiv should not be treated on the nhs was part of what insiders called a ` shock and awful ' strategy .
mr farage was greeted with silence in the hall when he said during the debate about the nhs that of the 7,000 diagnosed with hiv , 60 per cent were born abroad .
after saying this was something the other leaders would be ` mortified that i dare to even talk about it ' , he said : ` you can come to britain from anywhere in the world and get diagnosed with hiv and get the retroviral drugs that cost up to # 25,000 per year per patient .
` i know there are some horrible things happening in many parts of the world , but what we need is to put the national health service there for the british people and families who have paid into this system for decades .
' despite criticism from other parties and viewers , ukip revealed it had been part of a deliberate strategy to appeal to their ` core voter ' -- not to try and attract floating voters to the party .
a ukip insider said mr farage 's remark was ` a bit spicy ' .
they added : ` we were going to go for tb but we found out that the hiv drugs were more expensive ' .
the strategy , it was claimed , was ` shock and awe , or as some would call it shock and awful .
' mr farage was greeted with silence in the hall when he said during the debate about the nhs that of the 7,000 diagnosed with hiv , 60 per cent were born abroad .
it comes after ukip 's share of