by .
peter allen in paris .
published : .
07:03 est , 30 august 2012 .
| .
updated : .
02:26 est , 31 august 2012 .
nicolas sarkozy is contemplating a # 200,000-an-hour job with banking giant morgan stanley .
if the former french president accepts the job with morgan stanley he will be following a similarly lucrative path to the one trodden by his old friend and former british prime minister tony blair , who earns millions in his role as an advisor to investment bank jp morgan .
but critics on the other side of the channel have already expressed disgust at once-elected politicians effectively using their reputations to enrich themselves to the tune of millions .
lucrative : former french president nicolas sarkozy , left , is said to be mulling over an offer from morgan stanley .
tony blair , the former british prime minister , right , has amassed a fortune since he left the post in 2007 .
since quitting as pm in 2007 , mr blair has bought at least six homes , travels the world by private jet , and has an income of at least # 20 million a year .
around # 2.5 million of that comes from his role as an advisor to the u.s. investment bank jp morgan .
leisure time : sarkozy was pictured on holiday in cap negre in the south of france earlier this month .
according to the french investigative weekly le canard enchaine , morgan stanley has offered mr sarkozy a quarter of a million euros for one hour 's work .
he will be expected to make a speech of 45 minutes and then pose for pictures for a further 15 .
the controversial mr sarkozy is currently facing a number of corruption allegations in france , including claims that he accepted illegal cash payments from lilian bettencourt , the l'oreal heiress and france 's richest woman .
but the conservative politician 's five years spent running france are considered of huge interest to international companies , and mr sarkozy is in a good position to exploit this .
the offer from morgan stanley is far .
more than the # 17,000 odd a month he earned as president , but it .
is still a lot less than the fees mr blair can command .
referring .
to