motorists in brighton and hove have reacted angrily after the council started removing cash parking meters and encouraged them to pay by phone .
motorists have reacted angrily after a city council started removing parking meters to encourage them to pay by mobile phone .
the move away from simple pay and display to an online system has already led to one driver being charged more than # 5,000 after they entered the wrong digits on their phone .
residents in brighton and hove have complained that it is making parking unnecessarily complicated .
but the green party-controlled council insists paying by phone can be easier because drivers no longer have to scrabble around to find the right change .
many councils across the country have started to allow drivers to pay for parking on their mobile phones .
in brighton and hove , half of all coin-fed meters will have disappeared by june as part of a cost-cutting move .
instead drivers will have to register online at home or from their mobile phones in the street when they want to park .
payments are made by calling an automated service , sending a text or using a smartphone app .
it costs 10p to pay by phone or motorists can skip the charge by going to a local shop to pay .
no tickets need to be displayed and parking wardens instead check whether people have paid by checking car numberplates on mobile devices .
steve percy , of local campaign group people 's parking protest , said that the council is unfairly punishing motorists .
` i 'm infuriated , ' he said .
` not everyone has a mobile phone and you can not always get signal ... it is especially unfair on older people .
' the council has said that it could remove all parking meters by 2017 .
earlier this year it emerged that a motorist was hit with a # 5,340 ticket after inadvertently entering the wrong amount while trying to pay for parking that should have cost them # 15.30 .
payments are made by calling an automated service , sending a text or using a smartphone app .
it costs 10p to pay by phone or motorists can skip the charge by going to a local shop to pay .
elsewhere , some london boroughs have reduced the number of