australians have proven that they are no strangers to lies and infidelity with one in four admitting to being unfaithful while in a relationship .
among those who have cheated - with kissing and an emotional connection included as a form of deceit - almost two in five have had sex with someone else while in a relationship .
the intimate statistics from a recent national survey of 1,025 aussies coincides with the home entertainment release of the 2014 smash hit movie , gone girl , which is based on a web of secrets , lies and adultery .
australians have proven that they are no strangers to lies and infidelity with one in four admitting to being unfaithful while in a relationship .
about half of aussies lie about their past and what they are doing to their partners .
victorians came out on top as the most likely to lie to their partner but are also the first to admit to being unfaithful - hence it 's no surprise that are the most forgiving if their partner have had a flirty or ` emotionally intimate ' relationship with someone .
people from nsw are the least likely to give their partners access to their emails , credit cards and bank accounts while queenslanders have lied the most about where they have been .
meanwhile most admitted to not putting all of their card on the table in relationships with three-quarters of couples habitually keeping secrets and nearly two thirds say that their partner does n't know their deepest secret .
relationship psychologist melissa keogh said although honesty was always helpful in relationships - it depends on the level of the secret .
` it 's also about why you are keeping the secret - if you are going shopping to buy them a present - well that 's one thing but it 's all about why you are keeping the secret , ' she said .
among those who have cheated - with kissing and an emotional connection included as a form of deceit - almost two in five have had sex with someone else while in a relationship .
the majority of aussies lie to their partners once or twice a week , a survey revelas .
dr keogh said deliberately keeping secrets from partners was a common issue .
` secrecy is definitely a problem across