by .
david mccormack .
and snejana farberov .
a petition calling on the network a&e to reinstate phil robertson on the hit reality show duck dynasty has now met - and surpassed - its target of 250,000 signatures .
as of friday morning , more than 253,000 supporters of the controversial reality star have electronically signed to have him back on the show after he had been suspended indefinitely for making homophobic and racially charged remarks during an interview with gq magazine .
the petition is being spearheaded by the christian conservative group faith driven consumer , which is also behind the site istandwithphil.com .
scroll down for video .
executives at a&e have admitted that they could have done more to dampen the hysteria surrounding phil robertson 's anti-gay remarks by immediately taking the hit reality show off the air for two weeks .
cause celebre : a petition calling on the network a&e to reinstate phil robertson on the hit show duck dynasty has surpassed - its target of 250,000 signatures .
bowing to pressure ?
a&e is set to rake in mountains of ad revenue as the network decides to air 11-hour duck dynasty marathon in spite of star phil robertson 's anti-gay tirade .
an open letter accompanying the .
petition accuses a&e of ` intolerant , discriminatory , and punitive .
treatment ' of the 67-year-old robertson patriarch .
the .
author goes on to say that robertson 's comments equating homosexuality .
with terrorism and bestiality ` are simply reflective of a biblical view .
of sexuality , marriage and faith - a view that has stood the test of .
time for thousands of years and continues to be held by the majority of .
americans and today 's world as a whole .
' the .
right-wing organization has condemned a&e for discriminating .
against robertson for expressing a perspective conflicting with the .
lgbt agenda , calling it ` patently un-american .
' the .
goal of the petition is to have robertson back on the show and force .
a&e to formally apologize to him , his family and their supporters .
the .
letter concludes with a stern warning that if the group 's demands are .
not met , tens of millions of ` faith driven consumers ' in the u.s. will .
stop watching a&e programming