the stunning view from his waterside home inspired some of dylan thomas 's greatest works .
but the welsh poet 's beloved landscape is under threat after officials granted permission for a 147ft wind turbine to be built right in the middle of it .
his family are embroiled in a fight to stop the development , following celebrations to mark 100 years since thomas 's birth .
the view from dylan thomas 's home is under threat after planning officials granted permission for a 147ft turbine -lrb- red dot in picture above -rrb- .
dylan thomas , who died at the age of 39 , work included poem do not go gentle into that good night .
they say the turbine would ruin the picturesque countryside if it is built at mwche farm in llansteffan , carmarthenshire -- a short distance from the poet 's boathouse in laugharne , on the other side of the taf estuary .
the view across the water inspired works such as do not go gentle into that good night .
the house is now a tea room and art gallery attracting thousands of visitors every year , and opponents say the turbine will destroy the setting .
there are fears the development could even drive away tourists who visit the area that inspired thomas , who was born 100 years ago .
this map shows the proposed area for the wind turbine -lrb- small black dot , centre -rrb- and the distance between the development at thomas 's house across the taf estuary .
the view from the boathouse , where he said to have been inspired by wildlife and nature that surrounds area .
planning officers recommended refusing permission for the turbine over fears it would ruin the view from the boathouse , but carmarthenshire council approved it .
the author wrote poems including over sir john 's hill and some of under milk wood at the boat house .
much of his work is said to be inspired by the wildlife and nature which surrounds the property .
dylan 's boathouse boasts wonderful views of the estuary , with egrets , lapwings , herons , oystercatchers , seals and otters all living in the area .
fans of the hell-raising poet , whose centenary is being celebrated this year , have been fighting a planner decision to give the 147ft-high turbine