by .
daily mail reporter .
a woman who admitted tweeting the identity of the accuser the trial of coronation street 's michael le vell has been fined .
a woman who admitted tweeting the identity of the accuser the trial of coronation street 's michael le vell has been fined .
deborah armstrong , 37 , wrote on her twitter account : ' i hope michael le vell 's victim ... now goes public ' - and identified the person involved .
when other users tried to tell her that the tweet was breaking the law she told others : ` you are not my judge and jury .
' under law , all alleged sex offence victims are granted anonymity for life - even if the defendant in the case is later cleared .
armstrong , of bedale , north yorkshire , was fined # 110 after pleading guilty to an offence under the sexual offences amendment act on september 10 last year , of publishing information that could lead to members of the public identifying a complainant in a sexual offences case .
fran gough , prosecuting , told manchester magistrates ' court that the law gives lifelong anonymity to anyone if they are the complainant in a sex offence case and nothing must be published that can identify them .
ms gough said the trial of coronation street actor michael le vell for sex offences attracted widespread media interest .
mr le vell was acquitted of all charges .
but at the end of the trial armstrong , using her twitter account of @debbiej1976 , tweeted the identity of the complainant in the case because , miss gough said , ` she was angry at the perceived injustice of the acquittal ' .
miss gough said there was a strong public interest in protecting the anonymity of people who make complaints of sex offences against them - otherwise they may not come forward .
police tracked armstrong down and she was arrested a month later .
armstrong , who had no previous convictions and is understood to be the full-time carer for her mother , admitted to officers she did not immediately delete the tweet but later took the tweet down and closed her account .
fran gough , prosecuting , told manchester magistrates ' court that the law gives lifelong anonymity to anyone if they