in afghanistan , many girls are forbidden from riding bicycles - they are , however , allowed to ride skateboards .
so when australian skateboarder oliver percovich created skateistan , a non-profit organization that aims to connect youth in afghanistan with education through skateboarding , it should n't have been a surprise that 40 per cent of the program 's students would be girls .
in 2012 , photographer jessica fulford-dobson decided to take pictures of these middle eastern skater girls , and her work was recently on display at a gallery in london .
scroll down for video .
tough girls : photographer jessica fulford-dobson took pictures of young girls skateboarding in dresses and skirts in kabul , afghanistan .
finding time for fun : most girls are not allowed to ride bikes in afghanistan , but skateboarding is n't against the rules .
according to feature shoot , when mr. percovich first brought the program to kabul , afghanistan in 2007 , many of the locals had never even heard of skateboarding .
in fact , ms. fulford-dobson said she believes the reason skateboarding has been received so differently in afghanistan than in other countries is precisely because it was new to the region .
` when skateboarding arrived in afghanistan , it did n't have any preconceived images for them .
they did n't know what it was , ' she said , while adding that it was only accepted after it became clear that it was just ' a toy to have fun with ' .
safety first : while the girls were conservatively dressed , they did n't forgo safety measures like wearing helmets and knee pads .
little ladies who skate : ms. fulford-dobson said she was fascinated with just how immaculate one girl , left , was , considering how dusty the skateboard facilities were .
this sport knows no gender : 40 per cent of skateistan 's students are female ; the girls also have the option of joining a back-to-school program .
now , its the top sport for girls in the country , who are able to ride freely in dresses and other clothing that can be restrictive when playing other sports .
when ms. fulford-dobson visited the skateistan facilities in 2012 , she quickly noticed their confidence and the joy they took in learning .
she took pictures of