by .
andy dolan .
a soldier who had post-traumatic stress disorder after seeing five colleagues shot in afghanistan was jailed for six years yesterday for killing his infant daughter .
liam culverhouse , 25 , left seven-week-old khloe with severe brain damage and multiple fractures to her skull , ribs and limbs .
just over a week before the attack , culverhouse told neighbours and other family members how he could not cope with a crying child .
jailed for six years : liam culverhouse -lrb- right -rrb- , 25 , arrives at northampton crown court for his sentencing .
khloe died 17 months later after contracting pneumonia , having remained in hospital and hospice care for the rest of her short life .
the former grenadier guardsman had cheated death when he was shot six times -- losing his right eye -- after a rogue afghan policeman sprayed his base in helmand province with bullets in november 2009 .
the following august he was referred for anger management after confiding in a military gp how he would fly off the handle since the ordeal -- and no longer trusted himself to handle crying children on his own .
but by the first anniversary of the helmand massacre , culverhouse had stopped attending the therapy sessions and was discharged soon after .
he went on to attack khloe , his daughter with ` on-off ' partner claire abrams , 25 , at their northampton home in may 2011 -- nine days before telling an inquest into the helmand massacre how he had ` played dead ' to avoid being shot .
sentencing : liam culverhouse -lrb- left , in his mugshot -rrb- is also pictured outside court with his father -lrb- right -rrb- .
he admitted causing or allowing the .
death of his daughter at an earlier hearing and was jailed yesterday at .
northampton crown court .
sentencing him , mr justice baker said it was clear the effects of post-traumatic stress disorder had contributed to the tragedy .
' i hope that the prison sentence affords him the chance to reflect on his actions and be truly remorseful for failing to adequately care for his child ' detective chief inspector steve woliter , northamptonshire police .
he told culverhouse : ` no one who has understood what happened to you in november 2009 whilst serving as