a libyan militant on monday pleaded not guilty to charges arising from the 2012 benghazi attacks that killed four americans , including u.s. ambassador chris stevens .
ahmed abu khattala , 43 , entered the plea through his lawyer in a 15-minute court proceeding before a federal judge .
an 18-count grand jury indictment handed up last week makes abu khattala eligible for the death penalty if convicted .
suspect : this undated file image obtained from facebook shows ahmed abu khattala , an alleged leader of the deadly 2012 attacks on americans in benghazi , libya .
abu khattala 's lawyer , federal public defender michelle peterson , said she is waiting for the justice department to turn over additional material -- much of it classified -- on the charges her client faces .
the next court date in the case was set for december 9 .
abu khattala 's lawyer has said previously that the government has failed to show abu khattala was connected to the attacks .
assistant u.s. attorney michael dilorenzo said the government so far has provided the defense with 150 hours of videotape and 4,000 pages of documents .
the charges against abu khattala include murder of an internationally protected person , murder of an officer and employee of the united states and killing a person in the course of an attack on a federal facility .
abu khattala is the first militant to be prosecuted for the benghazi attacks .
the september 11 , 2012 , attack by militants killed stevens and communications specialist sean smith and set the mission ablaze .
nearly eight hours later at a cia complex nearby , two more americans , contract security officers tyrone woods and glen doherty , died in a mortar attack that showed clear military training , retired gen. carter ham told congress in closed-door testimony earlier this year .
the administration apprehended abu khattala in june and brought him to the united states to stand trial on terrorism charges .
court sketch : this june 28 , 2014 , artist 's rendering shows united states magistrate , judge john facciola , swearing in the defendant , abu khatallah , wearing a headphone , as his attorney michelle peterson watches .