yale university has held a workshop where students admitted they had been paid for sex , enjoy sado-masochistic games in the bedroom and indulged in sexual activity with an animal , it was revealed today .
the workshop , entitled ` sex : am i normal ' , encouraged students to anonymously ask and answer questions about sex using their mobile phones and see the answers in real time on a screen .
their responses , revealed in article in the yale daily news , unveiled that nine per cent of attendees had been paid for sex , three per cent had engaged in bestiality , and more than half had participated in ` consensual pain ' during sex .
sexologist dr jill mcdevitt asked yale students to anonymously reveal whether they have participated in sexual activities like prostitution , incestual fantasies and bestiality .
the session was hosted by sexologist dr jill mcdevitt , who owns a sex store called feminique in west chester , pennsylvania .
` people do n't think a college student at an ivy league university would accept payment for sex but i 've never had asked this question on a college campus and not had `` yes '' answers , ' mcdevitt said .
` that brings us back to the idea that you ca n't have assumptions about people 's backgrounds .
' another topic that several students submitted for discussion was incestuous sexual fantasies , something that initially shocked student alex saeedy .
he said : ` at first yes , the fact that so many people brought it up surprised me but then i though it might be more of a psychological thing we might all have .
' i think that 's what the point of the workshop was -- to bring up things we thought were so taboo and desire or urges we criticise are just regular parts of sexual psychology .
' the event was held at prestigious yale university in connecticut .
nearly one in 10 respondees said they had been paid for sex .
event director and student giuliana berry told campus reform in an interview that the aim of the workshop was to encourage students to feel understanding and compassion for people who may have indulged in some of the fringe sexual practices raised by the event .
` people do engage in some of