billions of pounds of british aid money is paid with almost no checks on how it is spent , mps warned last night .
ministers have been urged to do ` much more ' to safeguard the # 4.9 billion a year given to agencies after hearing that officials make only two visits to inspect countries where the uk does not have its own aid programme .
britain gives 60 per cent of its aid -- one of the highest levels -- through agencies such as the world bank , european union and united nations who decide how to use the money .
worrying : billions of pounds of british aid money is paid with almost no checks on how it is spent , mps warned last night .
the us prefers to have direct control -- through bilateral arrangements -- of how its money is spent and only gives 26 per cent of its aid to multilateral groups .
in a highly critical report by the commons international development committee , mps said they were shocked that british officials made only two visits to see for themselves how the money was spent .
committee chairman sir malcolm bruce said : ` we accept that country visits are not the only way of gathering evidence .
` for a number of multilateral organisations , the uk has a seat on the board , which obviously provides us with some oversight .
` nevertheless , we feel strongly that ... the team should undertake more visits to countries in which the uk has no bilateral programmes .
' the department for international development -lrb- dfid -rrb- has boasted of slashing the administration costs on its own projects to around three per cent .
expensive : britain gives 60 per cent of its aid - one of the highest levels - through agencies such as the world bank , european union and united nations , pictured , who decide how to use the money .
but mps said this misleading because so much aid cash is now spent with organisations whose costs are often at least twice as high .
the report warned cost cutting at home was creating ` a perverse incentive for dfid to allocate more of its money to multilaterals , many of whose administration costs are far higher for the wrong reasons .
' it went on :