republican senators rand paul and marco rubio 's row over the resuscitation of relations with cuba has continued to escalate , with the florida lawmaker now calling paul the ` chief cheerleader of obama 's foreign policy ' and the kentucky legislator accusing his colleague of funding the muslim brotherhood .
paul 's latest attack on rubio , a possible opponent in the gop 's 2016 presidential primary , relates to ongoing monetary aid to egypt , where the muslim brotherhood once held sway over the government but was banned from participating in politics earlier this year due to its terrorist ties .
in a tweet trolling rubio , the libertarian lawmaker said he ` forgot to mention his support for obama 's funding of musl .
brotherhood , arming islamic rebels , and hillary 's war in libya .
' kentucky sen. rand paul and florida sen. marco rubio are feuding over president barack obama 's announcement last week that the u.s. had resumed high-level diplomatic relations with cuba .
the two potential 2016 rivals have been taking public digs at each other for days now - but they swear its not related to the presidential election .
after rubio called paul the ` chief cheerleader of obama 's foreign policy , ' the kentucky sen. directed this tweet at him , accusing him of indirectly funding the muslim brotherhood by supporting ongoing aid to egypt .
freshman sen. paul notably opposed legislation this fall to train and equip moderate syrian rebels to fight isis in a ground war .
the war-weary lawmaker was also a vocal opponent of the obama administration 's use of airstrikes - without the approval of congress - during a 2011 military intervention in libya .
rubio voted in favor of a resolution backed by the obama administration to fund the syrian opposition movement and urged congress in 2011 to give obama the authority to bomb former libyan dictator muammar gaddafi and his regime .
paul 's hard-hitting tweet to rubio was the latest jab thrown in a feud between the frenemies that began last week after president barack obama suddenly announced that the u.s. and cuba were back on speaking terms after a 53-year embargo on the country .
the kentucky senator said that lifting the unilateral embargo was ` probably a good idea ' because it ` does n't seem to be