by .
freya noble for daily mail australia .
a woman watching the football at home with her family said she got the surprise of her life when one of their snacks was n't quite what they had bargained for .
jessiica mcdonald , from darwin in the northern territory , said she and her family were having a few quiet drinks on sunday afternoon when her dad opened up a packet of beef jerky .
` we were just having a few beers watching the footy , and he grabbed a packet of jerky out ' , ms mcdonald told daily mail australia .
a darwin family got a nasty surprise when they discovered a dried cane toad in their beef jerky .
without even realising it her dad then reached into the packet , and apparently pulled out a cane toad and took a bite out of one of its legs .
` he said it was really crunchy and had a really nasty taste ' , ms mcdonald continued .
` it was n't beef jerky at all .
' she said fortunately she was not the one to take a bite , but her father was n't so lucky .
describing it as ` absolutely putrid ' the darwin woman told nt news her family were disgusted by the gruesome discovery .
her father was apparently so engrossed in the football he did n't realise what he had eaten until it was too late .
jessiica mcdonald described it as ` absolutely putrid ' and said her father bit into the toad without realising .
cane toads produce poison through its parotid gland and some parts of its body are poisonous for many species including humans .
ms mcdonald said her father had n't suffered any illness from ingesting the toad .
however as cane toads continue to populate the northern territory , some cooks have decided to take the opportunity to create their own delicacy from them .
the cooks have started using the legs of the pest species in six different dishes and are dubbing it the ` new feral fine food ' .
some cooks in the northern territory have taken to cooking up the poisonous pests .
darwin food blogger emma lupin said earlier this year the cane toad was overlooked as a food source .
ms lupin 's blog -- growing