by .
marielle simon for daily mail australia .
afl melbourne players dean terlich -lrb- left -rrb- and alex georgiou -lrb- right -rrb- were of an uncanny resemblance of the disgraced rolf harris and a girl at mad monday festivities .
afl club melbourne has apologised for the ` poor and inconsiderate mistake ' two of its players made by dressing up as rolf harris and a young girl for yesterday 's ` mad monday ' celebrations .
the demons issued a statement saying they would investigate the incident after dean terlich , dressed as harris , and teammate alex georgiou were photographed in the distasteful costumes .
terlich put the photo on his instagram account .
` dean and alex have made a poor and inconsiderate mistake in choosing their costume 's today , ' a spokesman told the herald sun .
` we will speak to these players about their error in judgment .
' wearing a fake goatee , grey wig , short red tie , striped blazer and rectangular glasses , terlich 's get-up was uncannily accurate to the musician , who was recently found guilty on 12 charges of indecent assault of four female victims and sentenced to five years and nine months in an england jail .
terlich was snapped next to georgiou , who was dressed as a girl , wearing a wig with long black plaits and a red checkered dress .
another demon player , viv michie posted to instagram him dressed as redfoo being glassed , just days after the 39-year-old singer was allegedly hit in the head with a glass at the golden sheaf hotel in sydney 's prestigious suburb , double bay .
demon player , viv michie posted to instagram him dressed as redfoo being glassed , just days after the 39-year-old singer was allegedly hit in the head with a glass at the golden sheaf hotel in sydney 's prestigious suburb , double bay .
daily mail australia has contacted melbourne football club for comment .
the demons are n't the only ones dressed inappropriately for mad monday celebrations .
brisbane lions player jordan lisle was photographed wearing blackface , dressed as basketball superstar lebron james .
the annual mad monday event is not foreign to controversy , resulting in players being forced to pay fines of up to $ 30,000 .
thankfully , some players