by .
associated press reporter .
published : .
22:57 est , 18 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:42 est , 19 june 2013 .
at 2:15 pm today a tornado warning was issued at denver international airport as a tunnel cloud swept over the eastern runways .
nine flights were diverted to other airports and thousands of passengers sheltered in bathrooms and stairwells .
the warning remained for 40 minutes before normal services resumed .
scroll down for video .
ominous : onlookers reported seeing yellow and brown clouds gathering before the tornado hit .
a 97 mph wind gust was measured at the airport before communication with instruments there was briefly knocked out , said national weather service meteorologist kyle fredin .
chris polk , a construction foreman , was working on a renovation project just outside the airport 's main concourse when he got the tornado warning at 2:15 pm , looked up and saw a funnel cloud .
he and his crew ran inside and took shelter with some 100 people , including luggage-toting passengers , inside a basement break room as tornado sirens sounded .
` it got pretty crazy around here , ' polk said .
asked whether he was nervous when he spotted the funnel cloud , he shrugged .
` no , i 'm from missouri , ' he said .
everyone inside the break room was calm , polk added .
strange beauty : these twitter images show the center of the swirling mass of cloud as it hovered over denver international airport .
it was n't clear how many people were at the airport when a public announcement went out about the tornado warning , but the airport averages about 145,000 passengers over the course of a day , coale said .
television coverage 2343709showed the airport 's normally busy terminal empty during the warning .
access to a bridge to concourse a was blocked , since the bridge is surrounded by large glass windows .
scott morlan said he had dropped his daughter off at airport and was heading out when he saw an ominous cloud .
inclement weather : storm clouds are seen over denver international airport on tuesday june 18 before the tornado struck .
` it was just turning .
you knew it was thinking about coming down , ' he said .