an american teen beaten by israeli forces while on holiday has called for calm claiming that nobody deserves to die .
tariq abu khdeir , 15 , from tampa , florida , was beaten by israeli forces while on a trip to the middle east to visit relatives .
the youngster , who is of palestinian / american heritage , was arrested by israeli authorities on suspicion of being involved in a violent protest surrounding the death of his cousin mohammed abu khdeir .
tariq abu khdeir , pictured , was beaten up by israeli forces while visiting relatives in the troubled region .
around 50 supporters of mr khdeir greeted him upon his return to florida waving us and palestinian flags .
mr khdeir said after his ordeal he would never think of freedom again in the same way as prior to his arrest .
mr khdeir arrived back in the us yesterday and was greeted by approximately 50 supporters who were waving palestinian flags .
speaking to reporters after his return to tampa , mr khdeir said : ' i am only 15 but i will never think of freedom the same as i did two months ago .
` no child , whether they are palestinian or israeli , deserves to die .
' mr khdeir 's family denied that the teenager was involved in any protest .
his cousin was murdered by israeli extremists in revenge for the murder of three israeli teenagers by palestinian terrorists .
mr khdeir said : ' i got through these past two weeks because i knew you were all thinking of me .
mr khdeir , pictured , was held under house arrest for nine days after the beating before returning to the us .
after his release from custody , mr khdeir met palestinian president mahmoud abbas , right .
` it feels so good to be back in tampa .
can i even put it in words ?
i ca n't wait to go back to play with my friends and go fishing .
hassan shibly , the teen 's attorney and the executive director of the florida chapter of the council on american-islamic relations , had said monday that tariq suffered head trauma and had to receive stitches on his face when beaten two weeks ago as he was arrested during a protest .
supporters say tariq