bill de blasio , the first democrat elected mayor of new york city in a generation , is a massachusetts-raised former supporter of the communist sandinistas who married a lesbian poet .
and he 's a lifelong boston red sox fan .
de blasio 's path to becoming the leader of america 's largest city was unorthodox - especially compared with his democratic predecessors .
he rose up the ranks of democratic politics .
he worked as a junior aide to the last democratic mayor , david dinkins .
he served in the clinton administration and ran hillary clinton 's 2000 bid for the u.s. senate .
he served three years as a democrat on the city council .
but he is not necessarily a product of the party political machine like previous democratic mayors - in part because that machinery no longer exists in the way it once did .
partners : bill de blasio 's marriage to cirlane mccray , a former lesbian , was a major development in de blasio 's ride to power .
the couple are seen today after their landslide victory .
landslide : bill de blasio cruised to victory on tuesday night - becoming the first democratic mayor in a generation .
rising star : de blasio worked in the clinton administration and managed the 2000 senate campaign of hillary clinton .
childhood in cambridge , massachusetts .
de .
blasio was born warren wilhelm , jr. in manhattan in to an .
italian-american mother and a german american father .
for reasons .
unknown , he has always gone by bill .
both .
were highly-educated - warren wilhelm sr. had degrees from both .
harvard and yale and maria de blasio went to smith college .
before de blasio was born , both his .
parents had worked for the federal government , but had to flee .
washington after being accused of being communists .
when de blasio was a few years old , the family moved to cambridge , massachusetts , home of harvard university .
he .
lived outside boston until attending college at new york university .
one result of his massachusetts upbringing : he 's as fan of the boston .
red sox - the arch-rivals of new york 's hometown baseball team , the .
yankees .
but life in the wilhelm house was not