by .
victoria woollaston .
the claims were made by facebook 's chief operating officer , sheryl sandberg , pictured , during an interview with bbc breakfast in london .
facebook has been heavily criticised by users and authorities alike about the way the site harvests personal data and uses it for advertising .
but the social network 's chief operating officer sheryl sandberg has spoken out in defence of the site , vehemently denying sharing its user 's data .
during an interview with bbc breakfast , sandberg said facebook was very protective of its users ' privacy and personal data .
she continued that despite the use of personalised ads , the site ` does nothing to compromise its user 's data .
' ` privacy is of the utmost concern and importance to facebook and it 's important to us that the people who use our service know that we are very protective of them , ' sandberg explained .
` it is their data , they have control of it , they share it .
` when we are able to personalise ads , we are doing that without sharing their private data with any advertisers .
' her comments follow the launch of the uk and ireland small business council at the company 's international headquarters in dublin .
this council aims to increase participation between facebook and small to medium-sized businesses .
sandberg said working with small to medium-sized businesses was important because ` our missions are inextricably tied and the challenge and the opportunity of this huge technological shift that we 're going through is one that we can work together -lrb- on -rrb- .
sandberg said that despite the use of personalised ads , facebook ` does nothing to compromise its user 's data .
privacy is of the utmost concern and importance to facebook and it 's important to us that the people who use our service know that we are very protective of them .
it is their data , they have control of it , they share it ' when a company creates an advert , they can add a number of parameters to target the most appropriate people .
these include the user 's location , gender , age , likes and interests , relationship status , workplace and education .
rather than sharing this information directly with