by .
tamara cohen .
published : .
12:15 est , 13 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
20:04 est , 13 november 2013 .
the bill for winter fuel payments to british pensioners living abroad has soared by 70 per cent in a year , thanks to a european court ruling .
as millions of elderly people in the uk face a cold winter and inflation-busting rises to their energy bills , it was revealed that a record # 21million was paid last year to expats living in sunnier climes such as spain , cyprus and france .
it came as new figures from energy watchdog ofgem showed that record numbers of scots were in arrears on their fuel bills .
the number of winter fuel payments made overseas has rocketed in the last decade , with sharp rises in spain , france and ireland in the last year .
work and pensions secretary iain duncan smith yesterday said the decision by the european court of justice was ` ridiculous ' as his department revealed its staggering cost .
the bill soared from # 12.8 million in 2011/12 after judges ruled that anyone with a ` sufficient link ' to britain could claim the # 200 - # 300 allowance .
` the huge increase in uk winter fuel payments equates to a near doubling in costs to the british taxpayer and that is wholly unacceptable , ' he said .
` it is not fair and it 's not something this government is going to tolerate .
` this increase is a direct result of a ridiculous ruling by the european court of justice and we are not prepared to sit back and allow hard-working taxpayers money to be used in this way .
' previously , expats had to be resident in britain until they were 60 before they could claim the benefit , but the ruling allows people who lived or worked in britain for most of their lives to qualify .
anger : work and pensions secretary iain duncan smith said it was ` ridiculous ' that british money was being sent overseas .
last year , 49,443 pensioners living in spain alone -- where temperatures in december and january can reach 63f -lrb- 17c -rrb- -- received # 8.8 million .
last year , the allowance was claimed by nearly 120,000 people