by .
chris pleasance .
a father-of-one has been killed during a police chase in russia after driving through a roadworks barrier and falling down a hole in the road .
fedor drukov , 30 , was killed instantly after his car plunged down the pit as he tried to flee from officers after they pulled him over .
officers say drukov had a 27-year-old wife called natalya , adding that they couple had a four-year-old daughter sasha together .
scroll down for video .
fedor drukov , 30 , a married father-of-one , died instantly when he drove his car through a roadworks barrier and into a giant pit while fleeing from police .
officers say they tried to stop drukov to check his papers , but instead of pulling over he sped off , causing a high speed chase which ultimately killed him .
police spokesman dmitry zuyev said : ` we are still investigating exactly why it was that he decided not to stop when he was flagged down .
` if he had simply presented his documents it could have been on his way but for some reason he chose to drive off .
` the police officers were however quickly on his tail , and a high-speed chase ensued ended when the car drove into roadworks .
` the man was from the local area but .
apparently did n't know that there were roadworks including a huge hole .
and he drove into the pit and was killed instantly .
' according to police drukov was local , but was apparently unaware of the roadworks before driving into them .
final moments : cctv footage shows a police car -lrb- left -rrb- chasing drukov -lrb- centre -rrb- just before he drives through roadworks and falls down a pit -lrb- right -rrb- .
forensic tests are expected to be carried out shortly to find out whether the man had been drinking or taking drugs .
the accident happened in the city of blagoveshchensk , which is in south-eastern russia .
a short clip of the incident , released by police , shows drukov 's car hurtling towards the roadworks late at night before disappearing down the hole .
drukov drove through these barriers in blagoveshchensk , russia , before plunging down a hole which killed him .