distressed : frances king , headmistress of roedean school in sussex , is leaving because of the pervading negative attitude towards private schools in the uk .
the headmistress of a leading independent school for girls condemned hostile attitudes to private education yesterday as she revealed she is quitting britain for a job abroad .
frances king , head of roedean for five years , said she was fed up with being ` always on the negative side of public opinion ' .
private schools had been through a ` bruising time ' and the government ` can not afford to be supportive ' , she claimed .
mrs king will leave the uk to become director of an international school in switzerland -- collège alpin beau soleil -- in the summer .
she said she found it ` quite hard work ' working against a tide of disapproval in britain .
while uk private education was increasingly sought-after among overseas parents , britain itself was unable to celebrate its success and heritage , she warned .
` it is quite hard work to continue to be always on the negative side of public opinion , ' said mrs king who became head of roedean , in east sussex , in 2008 .
she added that roedean was ` making sure we have got a good amount of money put into bursaries and , as much as we can afford in our situation , we are trying to ensure widening access ' .
the school was also staying focused on its core purpose of providing ` top quality education ' , she said , but it was ` hard work ' pursuing this in the face of national disapproval .
fellow headmistress vicky tuck expressed similar sentiments when she left cheltenham ladies ' college for a school in switzerland in 2011 .
she said she was made to feel ` slightly immoral ' for running a fee-paying school .
` there are things about england and british education that are quite irksome -- you have constantly to defend independent education , ' mrs tuck said at the time .
` many of us in the independent sector work very hard and feel at times we have to apologise for what we 're doing .
' grand : schools like roedean should be celebrated for the quality of their education not