an 89-year-old war veteran was forced to wait on a hospital trolley in a&e for 34 hours , before a bed could be found for him , it has emerged .
david walters had become delirious after developing a temperature .
his concerned family called for an ambulance , and five hours later mr walters was taken into a&e at the princess of wales hospital in bridgend , south wales .
but he stayed on a trolley waiting for a bed at the scandal-hit hospital for another 34 hours .
second world war veteran david walters was forced to wait for 34 hours on a trolley in a&e before he could be admitted on to a ward when a bed became free at the princess of wales hospital in bridgend .
mr walters ' plight is just one example of the experience of thousands of patients across the uk who are subjected to long waits at a&e departments .
his story comes as it emerged just 90.2 per cent of patients in england were seen within four hours between october and december last year - short of the 95 per cent target .
it marks the worst performance in a&e since the target was set in 2004 .
meanwhile in wales , where the labour party runs the nhs , 81 per cent of patients spent less than four hours in a&e between arrival until admission , transfer or discharge , in november last year .
and the ex-royal navy seaman 's ordeal came just weeks after he was honoured by russia , and awarded the ushakov medal , for his bravery on the deadly arctic convoys during the second world war .
his granddaughter jodie rowlands said : ` he was n't able to recognise his family or friends .
` it was only after an old friend , who is a retired doctor , saw him and said he needed to go to hospital that anything happened .
` he had to wait for 34 hours in a&e .
` he was taken inside the first two hours to be assessed , but he was then taken back out to the ambulance .
` he was 34 hours on a trolley , and he received no tests or treatment , other than being given some paracetamol .
' mr walters 's family called an ambulance after the 89-year-old