by .
anna edwards .
published : .
20:55 est , 6 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:41 est , 7 february 2013 .
the brother of a developer believed to have been held hostage for eight months has revealed he was threatened at gunpoint during his captivity .
property tycoon kevin mcgeever , who vanished last summer , was found wandering barefoot on a rural road in the west of ireland last week and looked like he had ` just been released from a concentration camp ' .
his brother brendan revealed his kidnappers repeatedly pushed a gun to his forehead and handed him notes warning him he had two more days to live .
kevin mcgeever , pictured with his partner siobhan o'callaghan , was discovered wandering barefoot after his eight-month ordeal .
` they put a gun to his forehead one time and he said `` do it now , do it now , i 've made my peace with my god , i 'm ready '' , ' said mr mcgeever .
` and that happened quite a few times , that was n't just the once .
' the developer , originally from swinford in co mayo , had been living in a gated mansion in neighbouring county galway when he disappeared last june .
the emaciated 68-year-old had a long beard , hair and finger nails when found and in a malnourished and dehydrated state near ballinamore , co leitrim , on tuesday , january 29 .
he had lost several stone in weight and remains in hospital in mullingar , co westmeath , where he has been interviewed by investigators .
garda commissioner martin callinan said the investigation is in its ` early days ' and that gardai were considering out all of the aspects of the case .
mr mcgeever came face to face with his .
brother who looked like ' a weather-beaten 90-year-old man who was just .
released from a concentration camp ' .
the brother does not believe his tycoon sibling will ever recover from his ordeal and will remain in hospital for a long time .
mr mcgeever 's home , ` nirvana ' , in craughwell , galway .
the property tycoon was kept in a darkened room and threatened several times , his brother claimed .
` it 's like asking someone