by .
ian drury , defence correspondent .
published : .
17:37 est , 27 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
17:48 est , 27 january 2014 .
shocked : former soldier ray coulson and his wife shainie - who has been ordered to leave britain because he is no longer in the military .
he served in the british army for 22 years with an ` exemplary record ' , risking his life in both gulf wars .
but despite his sacrifice , ray coulson 's young family risks being torn apart by an extraordinary decision from the uk border agency .
the 42-year-old 's canadian wife shainie and their three children have been ordered to leave britain -- because he is no longer in the military .
officials rejected mrs coulson 's application to remain in the uk claiming the teaching assistant had not ` lost ties ' with her homeland .
instead , the ukba suggested mr coulson should endure a ` degree of hardship ' by ripping up his roots and relocating nearly 4,000 miles to canada .
his supporters have urged ministers to intervene , pointing out the decision is at odds with the government 's pledge to uphold the military covenant -- britain 's duty of care to its servicemen .
campaigners contrast his case with that of foreigners who have been allowed to stay in britain despite dreadful crimes , such as iraqi aso mohammed ibrahim , who left a girl of 12 to die under the wheels of his car .
mr coulson said : ` i feel like i 've been betrayed .
it 's unbelievable that you can serve queen and country for so many years , risk your life by getting shot at on the front line , make endless sacrifices for the nation and then be told you ca n't have your family live here with you .
' mr coulson , a bombardier , fought in both gulf wars .
during the second conflict , he was part of the 3rd royal horse artillery and regularly found himself under fire as he transported missiles to the front line .
family ties : mr coulson married his wife in 2006 while he was deployed at the british army training unit in alberta , canada .
they are pictured with their children blake , bailey and kallum