by .
ap reporter .
two-time major champion li na pulled out of the u.s. open on thursday because of a knee injury which she said has bothered her for several months .
the only tennis player from china to win a grand slam singles title also withdrew from hard-court tournaments in montreal and cincinnati over the next two weeks .
the second-ranked li wrote in a posting on facebook that she has ` been struggling ' with her knee since march ` and it is just not where i need it to be in order to play at the highest level .
' out injured : an ongoing knee injury has forced out of the upcoming us open which starts on august 25 .
she also said : ` my medical team has advised me that i need to take some time off to rest my knee .
' li did not specify which knee , but she played with her right knee taped up at wimbledon , her most recent tournament .
the u.s. tennis association confirmed to the associated press that li informed it that she wo n't play .
the u.s. open begins on aug. 25 .
suffered : na 's form has dipped in recent months as she 's played on with a knee injury .
li won the australian open in january for her second major title .
she also won the 2011 french open .
in may , li suffered a shock first-round defeat at the french open by france 's kristina mladenovic who was ranked 103rd at the time .
at wimbledon in june , li bowed out in the third round to the unseeded barbara zahlavova-strycova 7-6 7-6 .
it 's the second significant injury news in two days for tennis .
on wednesday , 14-time major champion rafael nadal announced he hurt his right wrist in practice and would miss hard-court events in toronto and cincinnati , although he holds out hope of defending his title at the u.s. open .
the world number two won the event last year , beating novak djokovic in the final for his 13th major title , to which he has since added this year 's french open .
but he faces a tight schedule to be fit for this year 's event after suffering an injury which will prevent him also defending his