by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
13:07 est , 8 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:07 est , 8 july 2013 .
the 2-year-old girl who was the youngest person to ever receive a bio-engineered organ has died two months after doctors implanted her with a new windpipe .
hannah warren was born without a windpipe and underwent an experimental procedure to be implanted with one made from stem cells .
the procedure took place on april 9 , and the spokesman for the children 's hospital of illinois announced that she died on saturday .
new windpipe : in this april 26 , 2013 photo provided by osf saint francis medical center in peoria , ill. , hannah warren , 2 , lies in bed in a post-op room at the children 's hospital of illinois in peoria , after having received a new windpipe .
the hospital says in a statement that hannah could n't ` overcome additional health issues that were identified as her care progressed .
' the stem cells came from hannah 's bone marrow , extracted with a special needle inserted into her hip bone .
they were seeded in a lab onto a plastic scaffold , where it took a few days for them to multiply and create a new windpipe .
hannah was born in south korea and traveled to illinois for the surgery .
her family has asked for privacy .
brave : the little girl is recovering with her parents , left , after the nine-hour surgery on april 9 .
hannah was unable to breathe , eat , drink or swallow on her own since she was born in south korea in 2010 .
until the april 9 operation at the children 's hospital of illinois , the toddler had spent her entire life in a hospital in seoul .
doctors there told her parents there was no hope and they expected her to die .
the stem cells came from hannah 's bone marrow , extracted with a special needle inserted into her hip bone .
they were seeded in a lab onto a plastic scaffold , where it took less than a week for them to multiply and create a new windpipe .
about the size of a 3-inch tube of penne pasta , it was implanted in a nine-hour procedure