walking up the aisle is arguably the biggest day of your life .
with all eyes on you and photographs you 'll cherish forever , there 's a fair amount of pressure to look good on your wedding day , but how far would you go - and how much would you shell out - to ensure you look picture-perfect ?
one magazine editor went to great lengths , spending # 5,766 on three months-worth of procedures and treatments to look polished - and the results are amazing .
claudia waterson , 36 , the deputy editor of brides magazine , imagined she was a bride-to-be to test out what treatments were worth investing in - and which ones should be avoided - for her readers .
scroll down for video .
claudia waterson , 36 , pictured , left , before , and , right , after three months worth of treatments , imagined she was a bride-to-be to test out what treatments were worth investing in - and which ones should be avoided .
she had a few key areas she wanted to address : her broken nose , her neglected skin and her ` wonky ' teeth .
she spoke to her beauty journalist friends and compiled a list of the must-have products and treatments .
she kicked off her bridal makeover by overhauling her skincare routine based on the beauty gurus ' recommendations .
she added a range of products to her collection , including lotions and potions from la prairie , estee lauder , creme de la mer and bobbi brown , at a cost of # 489 .
she complemented her new skincare regime with a # 200 facial by su-man .
` it turns out if you buy the right products for you and use them correctly , they will work , ' she said .
right she was - she noticed reduced lines and plumper skin .
she also visited headmasters for a hair makeover at a cost of # 140 .
after switching between blonde and brown over the years , she was convinced she 'd never be able to achieve glossy blonde locks without drying out her hair .
claudia had a few key areas she wanted to address including her broken nose , her neglected skin and her ` wonky ' teeth .
she had # 5,766 worth of