leon brittan -lrb- pictured arriving at his home last week -rrb- has been questioned by police over claims he raped a 19-year-old student in 1967 .
former home secretary leon brittan has been questioned by police over claims he raped a 19-year-old student .
the assault , which he is said to strongly deny , is alleged to have taken place at his central london flat in 1967 following a blind date .
brittan was in his late 20s at the time of the alleged incident .
police said last night that the woman originally made a complaint in late 2012 .
it is being investigated by officers from the metropolitan police 's sexual offences , exploitation and child abuse command .
scotland yard confirmed that a man in his 70s was ` interviewed under caution by appointment at a central london location in connection with the allegation .
he was not arrested .
inquiries continue .
' it is understood lord brittan , now 74 , was questioned last month at the offices of his lawyers , mishcon de reya .
the mail on sunday has been told that the woman initially contacted high-profile labour mp tom watson , who has made allegations of widespread child abuse in parliament .
it is believed the detectives who questioned the veteran conservative politician -- he was made a life peer in 2000 -- are part of scotland yard 's operation fairbank inquiry team which was launched after mr watson 's claims .
apparently believing the investigation was not moving quickly enough , the alleged victim , now aged 66 , contacted mr watson a second time -- and it was soon afterwards that lord brittan was formally interviewed .
the assault , which leon brittan is said to strongly deny , is alleged to have taken place at his central london flat in 1967 following a blind date .
brittan was in his late 20s -lrb- above -rrb- at the time of the alleged incident .
mishcon de reya did not respond to requests to comment last night .
lord brittan was also unavailable for comment .
however , a prominent westminster .
journalist has revealed that the peer insisted as long ago as the 1980s .
when he was home secretary that allegations against him of sexual .
misconduct were untrue .
chris .
moncrieff , former political editor of