by .
michael o'farrell .
last updated at 2:35 am on 29th january 2012 .
a second former fianna fáil minister is under .
investigation over allegations of mobile-phone expenses fraud , the irish mail .
on sunday can reveal .
fraud squad detectives are formally investigating a .
series of allegedly bogus expense claims submitted by former td and junior .
minister ned o'keeffe .
the investigation by officers at the garda bureau of .
fraud investigation has been running in tandem with the separate probe into the .
expense claims of ivor callely , the former td , junior minister and senator .
inquiry : senator callely in cork in 2010 , after our exposé into his bogus expenses claims .
mr callely was arrested and released without charge this .
week and a file was sent to the dpp .
the investigation was sparked by mos .
revelations in august 2010 that mr callely had claimed almost $ 3,000 in mobile .
phone expenses using receipts that could not be genuine .
the controversial former minister later accepted that the .
receipts were bogus but insists he is innocent and that somebody else was .
responsible for the fakes .
if he is charged and convicted , he could face up to .
10 years in jail for obtaining money using a ` false instrument ' .
weeks after the callely exposé , the mos revealed that his .
fianna fáil colleague mr o'keeffe had also claimed over $ 2,200 in mobile-phone .
expenses using receipts that could not be genuine .
however , while senator callely 's bogus claims were .
immediately looked into by the oireachtas authorities -- who then passed the .
matter on to gardaí and the dpp -- leinster house officials took no action .
against mr o'keeffe .
despite being made aware of the evidence against mr .
o'keeffe , the oireachtas authorities -- headed by dáil clerk kieran coughlan -- .
have never investigated .
mr coughlan himself has repeatedly insisted that the .
expenses were legitimate and that there was no question of a bogus invoice .
being submitted or accepted .
mr coughlan allowed mr o'keeffe to submit fresh paperwork .
` correcting ' the information in one disputed invoice -- and has ever since .
insisted the claim was ` properly made ' .
this stance seems