a nine-year-old boy who was hit by lightning as he played soccer in august has headed home in time for christmas .
alex hermann 's heart stopped when he and two other boys were struck by the bolt on a field in austin , texas on august 26 .
he suffered burns and hypoxia , where the brain is deprived of oxygen .
he was rushed to hospital , where his parents were not sure he would recover .
but after showing astonishing signs of recovery and undergoing multiple skin grafts and a cardiac ablation , which corrects heart arrhythmias , doctors said he was finally ready to head home .
on friday , his family shared an image to facebook showing him in his wheelchair grinning beside christmas decorations inside austin and dell children 's medical center of central texas .
heading home !
alex hermann smiles as he prepares to leave hospital .
the nine-year-old boy headed home on friday , more than three months after he was struck by lightning on a soccer field .
` today is the day that we have been waiting for , but alex has been waiting for it the most !
' the family wrote alongside the photograph .
` for over three months , alex has been working hard to become stronger and healthier by the day .
however , he has been terribly homesick .
` it is such a relief to be able to have our whole family reunited to a new ` normal ' lifestyle , despite going to outpatient therapy at the hospital , as well as various in-home therapies as well .
' speaking to abc news , his father , roger hermann , said that his son had been looking forward to hugging his dog , a catahoula australian shepherd named spice , and decorating the tree .
` he made me do it the first day i was home on friday , ' he said .
` he ca n't move his legs , but he was directing some of the ornament placement .
' he added that spice is also overjoyed to have alex home and has been sleeping on his bed and guarding him .
battle : alex , pictured with players and a cheerleader from the texas longhorns in october , suffered burns and needed skin grafts and a cardiac