australia was settled by a wave of immigrants from india little more than 4,000 years ago , a genetic study shows .
the finding overturns the view that the continent was isolated from the time it was first colonised about 45,000-50 ,000 years ago until europeans discovered australia in the eighteenth century .
dna evidence suggests that rather than complete most of the journey over several generations by foot , the indian migrants came over by boat .
by the time the indian settlers reached australia the ancient land bridge was under water so they sailed .
australia 's first human colonisation was the culmination of the long walk out of africa by the human species .
humans are believed to have left africa , via the arabian coast and through india before reaching indonesia and new guinea and finally over an ancient land bridge to australia .
following their arrival there was , according to ` the prevailing view ' , little if any contact between australia 's aboriginal inhabitants and the rest of the world .
but dna evidence has now revealed a second wave of human settlement took place about 4,230 years ago , long before the first european settled there .
australia was first seen by a european in 1606 when it was sighted from a ship and a further 53 vessels arrived before captain james cook arrived in 1770 to claim it for britain .
analysis of dna samples from aboriginal people living in the northern territories of australia today shows that they have up to 11 per cent of their genetic heritage is indian .
the new settlers came from india and the .
lack of their dna in other parts of asia suggests they sailed directly .
across the indian ocean rather than work their way towards australia by .
foot .
scientists found strong evidence of a wave of settlers from india reaching australia 141 generations ago .
aborignals who took part in the study were found to have up to 11 per cent of their dna from indian descent .
intriguingly , their arrival corresponds to evidence in the archaeological record that shows dingos reached australia about the same time , suggesting they may have been transported by boat by the human settlers .
dr irina pugach , of the max planck institute for evolutionary anthropology in leipzig , germany ,