all hungry leo wanted was one of his dog biscuits to chew on .
instead the staffordshire-boxer cross ended up nearly burning the house down and killing his owner 's son .
the dog caused a severe fire after managing to switch on the cooker while trying to reach his dog treats .
the heat from one of the hob 's rings set fire to a child 's seat that had been left resting on the electric appliance .
fire starter : hungry leo almost burned down his owner 's home as he hunted for his dog treats .
the blaze was started after the staffordshire-boxer cross was believed to have knocked one of the cooker knobs , switching on the hob .
smoke began to fill the three storey home in peckham , south-east london , as owner allen mosey 's son , 21 , and his daughter 's boyfriend relaxed in upstairs rooms .
the pair managed to flee unharmed with leo after noticing thick black smoke billowing up the stairs .
more than 10 firefighters were needed to extinguish the flames .
a search of the house later revealed that the source of fire was the cooker .
firefighters believe that when leo was hunting for food he knocked one of the cooker 's knobs , turning the rings on .
the blaze damaged one third of the ground floor of the property and leo 's family have been left surviving on sandwiches .
` you would n't think butter would melt in his mouth to look at him , ' mr mosey , 67 , told the southwark news .
` he 's the most docile dog you could think of .
' the charred remains of a car seat that had been left on the hob , which caught fire .
leo 's owner allen mosey examines the damage caused to his home by the fire in peckham , south-east london .
allen and his wife jean were out shopping when the blaze started .
mrs mosey , 47 , confessed that she often left things on the cooker when it was switched off .
she said that despite leo almost burning down the house the family still love him , but he will be locked out of their new kitchen .
a london fire brigade spokesperson said : ` we 're naturally extremely pleased