by .
daily mail reporter and associated press .
published : .
14:17 est , 24 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
14:19 est , 24 october 2012 .
two nurses have avoided prison and have been sentenced to just probation in the malnutrition death of a teenage girl who had cerebral palsy and weighed 28 pounds when she died .
mary kilby of miamisburg , ohio and kathryn williams of englewood , ohio were sentenced to up to five years of probation in a dayton court on wednesday , avoiding a sentence of 18 months in jail .
their sentence stems from the march 1 , 2011 death of 14-year-old makayla norman , who a coroner said at the time was the ` worst malnourished child ' his office had ever seen .
sentenced : mary kilby , left , and kathryn williams have been sentenced to up to five years probation for the death of a 14-year-old girl in their care and have been stripped of their nursing licenses .
authorities say the teen had numerous bed sores and was living in filthy conditions when she died from nutritional and medical neglect complicated by cerebral palsy .
kilby , 64 , and williams , 43 , had pleaded no contest to charges of failing to provide for a functionally impaired child and could have faced up to 18 months in prison at their sentencing .
as part of wednesday 's sentence , handed down by judge mary katherine huffman , both women had to agree to surrender their nursing licenses and will no longer be allowed to practice in ohio .
they both still face misdemeanor charges in a juvenile court that could carry prison time and have a status conference scheduled for monday .
the trial in that court has not yet been scheduled .
loss : makayla norman had numerous bed sores and was living in filthy conditions when she died from nutritional and medical neglect complicated by cerebral palsy in march 2011 .
torture : a coroner said at the time she was the ` worst malnourished child ' his office had ever seen .
locked up : makayla 's mother , angela norman , is serving nine years in prison for the death .
the nurses ' attorneys argued that they .
had much less significant roles in makayla 's death than