by .
richard spillett .
a spectacular country estate designed by capability brown , britain 's ` greatest gardener ' , has come on the market for # 5.75 million .
but if the new owner wants a stately home to match the grandeur of the huge parkland , they will have to build it themselves , as the last one was demolished after the grounds fell into disrepair .
historic redgrave park , near bury st edmunds , suffolk , dates back to the doomsday book and a magnificent mansion was built there in 1545 .
the redgrave park estate , near bury st edmunds , suffolk , has gone up for sale for nearly # 6million but has no stately home due to the mansion being demolished after the second world war .
redgrave hall was built in the 16th century before its owners brought in famous gardener capability brown to design the grounds in the late 18th century .
but redgrave hall fell into a state of neglect and after the second world war , when britain was virtually bankrupt , it was demolished due to a lack of money to repair it .
the footings and foundations remain today and planning experts believe obtaining permission to build a new hall in its place would be a formality .
it could cost an extra three million pounds to build but the value of the whole estate would then be worth more than 10 million pounds .
the parkland was landscaped by capability brown in the 1760s .
he remodelled the estate , most notably turning a small stream into a 44 acre lake and planting clumps of oak trees .
redgrave is one of about 170 parklands design by brown in britain .
it has been owned by guy and jill topham for the last 40 years .
the couple converted a large stable block on the grounds into a six-bedroom cottage where they live today .
the estate includes a six-bedroom cottage which was built by converting the park 's stables , but sellers say getting permission to build a larger mansion should be easy .
the estate , pictured in 1907 , comes with 100,000 sq ft of agricultural buildings , 142 acres of arable farmland and 77 acres of woodland .
brown , real name lancelot , got his nickname from his habit of