rising labour star chuka umunna stormed off a live tv interview today after becoming embroiled in an angry on-air spat over a letter he had not read .
the shadow business secretary was repeatedly pressed by sky news anchorman dermot murnaghan about letters sent by the government to english mosques urging them to root out extremism .
after a series of angry exchanges mr umunna - who said he had been invited on to talk about david cameron 's earlier speech on the economy - walked off while the cameras were still rolling , waving his hand at the screen in exasperation .
chuka umunna walked off of a live interview on sky news after being questioned by dermot murnaghan this afternoon .
mr murnaghan was questioning the shadow business secretary about a letter sent to mosques in england which is urging them to root out extremists .
the bulk of mr umunna 's interview revolved around the economy and employment .
but as it drew to a close , mr murnaghan asked him whether he thought communities secretary eric pickles was ` patronising ' the islamic community by urging imams to ` lay out more clearly than ever before ' that british muslims can be proud both of their faith and their country .
when mr umunna replied : ' i have to confess , i have n't read the letter myself ' , murnaghan responded : ` well , what are you doing in politics ?
come on , everyone 's talking about it .
it 's the middle of the afternoon and you still have n't read this ?
' the shadow business secretary replied : ` with the greatest of respect , dermot , i was n't told you were going to ask me about this , but since you 've asked me the question , let me answer it .
' he said that that extremism was ` something for the muslim community to tackle , but also for all of us it 's something we have to tackle more widely ' .
murnaghan read out an excerpt from the letter , and asked whether it was ` patronising ' , to which the shadow business secretary responded : ` i 'm not sure i would use the word ` patronising ' for the simple reason that i have n't read the letter .
you