the walking dead 's midseason finale went out with a bang on sunday as beth greene was shot dead by police officer dawn lerner after she stabbed her with a pair of hidden scissors .
greene , played by emily kinney , was suddenly killed inside grady memorial as a tense prisoner exchange went wrong .
and her murder was soon followed by the death of lerner , played by christine woods , who was shot dead in retaliation by daryl .
scroll down for video .
prisoner exchange : beth stood her ground on sunday 's midseason finale of the walking dead .
the episode titled coda marked the midpoint of the 16-episode fifth season with the final eight episodes airing in 2015 .
amc irked some of its west coast viewers when it updated its facebook and twitter feeds immediately after the show aired on the east coast with a photo of daryl carrying beth looking as anguished as king lear holding lifeless ophelia .
the episode started with bob lamson trying to escape on foot and being chased down by rick in a patrol car .
tense negotiation : dawn demanded noah back in exchange for beth .
spoiler alert : amc irked some of its west coast viewers when it posted this image of daryl carrying a lifeless beth before the midseason finale aired in their time zone .
when bob would not stop fleeing rick ran him down with his car and begged rick to let him come back .
` shut up , ' said rick after he shot him dead and drove off in the car .
back at the school , father gabriel found the remains of bob stookey 's leg and had to escape from zombies after they broke out of the school .
tough negotiator : rick grimes had his gun out while dealing with the prisoner exchange .
he came back : noah agreed to the trade in order to reunite beth with rick and his crew .
` please let me in !
' he shouted as he approached the fortified church where carl , michonne and baby judith were hiding out .
using an axe michonne broke down the barricade to let gabriel in and the group was forced to flee through the church as they trapped the zombies inside .
while planning their next move from