by .
harriet arkell .
published : .
05:39 est , 20 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:41 est , 20 november 2013 .
the family of gp elizabeth kinston , 37 , pictured with daughter elise , have paid tribute to ` an amazing mum , daughter , sister , wife and friend ' the family of a gp whose body was found on grassland two weeks after she went missing from her home has paid tribute to ` our beautiful lizzie ' .
mother-of-two elizabeth kinston , 37 , was last seen on november 1 after leaving her home in beeston , nottinghamshire .
today her devastated family released a statement calling her ` an amazing mum , daughter , sister , wife and friend ' .
mrs kinston , who leaves husband david , 36 , and daughters sophia , three , and elise , 10 months , had been battling with post-natal depression since the birth of her second child in january .
officers searching for the popular family doctor , who had been on maternity leave , discovered her body in the dunkirk area of nottingham last thursday .
nottinghamshire police said formal identification had now taken place and that her family had been informed .
in a statement , ms kinston 's family thanked people for their support and police for their efforts during the search .
they said : ` we would like to thank all of our friends , her patients and members of the public who have offered support , love and well wishes during the last few weeks .
' a special thanks to the police , who worked tirelessly .
` our beautiful lizzie was found resting peacefully on thursday 14 november .
` we love her so much and are so incredibly proud of everything she achieved during her wonderful life .
` an amazing mum , daughter , sister , wife and friend .
we love you lizzie .
' the gp 's body was found by officers .
on grassland near enterprise way just after noon last thursday , leaving .
her husband ` beyond heartbroken ' .
flowers were left at king 's meadow nature reserve in nottingham after dr kinston 's body was found there .
tragic end : police guarding the scene at king 's meadow nature reserve in nottingham