the store saw sales up by 3.9 % this year .
kate middleton 's favourite designer jenny packham takes sales crown as top occasionwear brand .
by .
bianca london .
published : .
07:42 est , 29 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
16:57 est , 29 june 2012 .
whatever the duchess of cambridge touches turns to gold .
from the zara cornflower blue dress to the vibrant pink jeans , her wardrobe choices have sent high-street sales soaring with shoppers desperate to emulate her impeccable style .
and one high street store is reaping the rewards of the kate effect as debenhams sees sales up 3.9 % with the duchess 's favourite label , jenny packham taking the sales crown as top occasionwear designer .
duchess of cambridge arrives at calgary airport in a yellow jenny packham .
at royal albert hall wearing a teal jenny packham dress with lace detail .
kate arrives for the ark gala dinner in extravagant rose sequined jenny packham gown .
figures released yesterday show the store 's selling power against a challenging combination of bad weather and continuing economic uncertainty both at home and in the euro zone , meaning for other retailers many shoppers are staying at home .
debenhams ' enviable sales growth , according to the retailer , is down to meeting the needs of customers and delivering value , especially around key events such as easter , mother 's day , the diamond jubilee and pay days .
debenhams also invested in marketing to tell shoppers about these moments in time as well as continuing with its premium ` life made fabulous ' ad campaign .
online sales also grew by 34.9 % and have increased by 40.2 % this year with visitor numbers up by 40 % .
debenhams sees sales up 3.9 % despite the struggling economic climate .
michael sharp , debenhams ' chief executive said : ` our like-for-like growth really shows that if you communicate and deliver great value and great products then customers will shop with you .
i am really pleased with the results .
' and it comes as no surprise that the designer that kate middleton put on the fashion radar is leading the pack .
no. 1 jenny packham is now the retailer 's leading occasionwear range following its launch in may when it