new figures reveal 22.5 per cent of children are obese or overweight , with the highest rates found in hackney , east london -lrb- picture posed by model -rrb- .
one in ten children are obese when they start school at the age of four or five , figures show .
this rises to one in five by the final year of primary school when they are ten or 11 .
but rates vary across england and are generally much higher in the most deprived areas .
hackney in east london , for example , has the highest level of obesity , with 14.4 per cent of reception age children -- one in seven -- and 26.1 per cent of those in year 6 affected .
the government had been hoping rates were starting to stabilise or fall , but this year they are back up .
figures from the health and social care information centre show that 22.5 per cent of reception age children are obese or overweight , up from 22.2 per cent last year .
for children in year 6 , aged ten or 11 , the rate is 33.5 per cent , compared with 33.3 per cent last year .
with the figures released a week earlier than usual , campaigners accused the government of trying to bury bad news on the day of the autumn statement .
the hscic denied this , saying the data had been ready sooner and pointing out that the department of health had no influence on the publication date .
tam fry , of the national obesity forum , said : ` it 's very sad -- we 're just letting our children get fatter and fatter .
` it 's going to be another full year before we have any kind of strategy from the government .
` it 's tragic .
the government are trying to bury bad news .
' dr colin michie , of the royal college of paediatrics and child health , said : ` what is startling is the gulf between health outcomes for rich and poor , the fact that childhood obesity is continuing to rise and children are getting fatter younger .
' eustace de sousa , of public health england , said : ` it is deeply concerning that there is an actual doubling of child obesity rates from reception to