by .
alex ward .
published : .
13:41 est , 5 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
03:09 est , 6 november 2012 .
world 's smallest : miniaturist david edwards has created a violin just an inch-and-a-half long , one 12th their normal size .
a musician has created the world 's smallest violin , standing just an inch-and-a-half long , and is selling them for more than # 1,000 .
david edwards , who once played cello in the scottish national orchestra , gave up his professional music career to make doll 's house miniatures when he realised there was a gap in the market .
the miniaturist from edinburgh has made his hobby a full-time career , creating hand-crafted pieces including mini everyday household items such as pegs small enough to fit through the eye of a needle , mini shaving brush and razor and kitchenware .
the violins , based on the world-renowned stradivarius , stand just one 12th of the normal size and can fetch a small fortune .
mr .
edwards , 76 , said : ` i 'm the best in the world by far and i 'm very well .
known internationally .
` my pieces have the most detail for their size .
` i 've tried making them smaller but then they would look very bland .
i like them to still be recognisable .
' ` i make ordinary things but of a very high quality .
` i know what a violin looks like , that 's why i have a big advantage over other people where making violins is concerned .
` there 's no doubt my miniature violins are the best in the world .
' he began carving out his career in miniatures after making furniture for his daughter 's doll 's house .
he was a professional musician playing .
with the covent garden orchestra , the royal philharmonic orchestra , the .
edinburgh quartet and the scottish national orchestra before he decided .
to pursue his passion to become a miniaturist .
mini me : mr edwards found that there was a gap in the market for miniature pieces and creates many household items including a thread bobbin -lrb- left -rrb- and a shaving brush and razor -lrb- right -rrb- .
hobby full-time : mr edwards gave up a career