by .
mark prigg .
amazon has launched its first mobile phone in a bid to take on apple and google .
the fire handset was unveiled by jeff bezos at a special event in seattle .
` it 's time to whip the crown from apple , ' said mr bezos before showing off the new handset for the first time .
scroll down for video .
amazon ceo jeff bezos holds up the new amazon fire phone .
the handset has a 4.7-inch display with 720p hd resolution , a quad-core qualcomm snapdragon processor , 2gb of ram , and six individual camera modules to make the 3d effect work .
the device has a front facing camera in each corner of the screen .
these extra cameras are used to track the position of the user 's face and eyes in relation to the phone 's display .
the handset chooses the two best views , and can even work at night using infrared .
this allows amazon 's software to make constant adjustments to the positioning of on-screen elements , altering the perspective of visuals on the screen and making them appear to be in 3d - without the need for glasses .
the fire will use head-tracking technology to make images on the smartphone 's display appear to be 3d with a feature called ` dynamic perspective ' .
` there is always more to see by changing your perspective , ' bezos said .
` what if there were a thousand artists standing by to redraw the picture every time you moved your head ?
' apps using the new feature includes a maps app that lets users see around buildings .
users can also tilt the phone to ` look around ' an on screen map .
the handset has a 4.7-inch display with 720p hd resolution , a quad-core qualcomm snapdragon processor , 2gb of ram , and six individual camera modules to make the 3d effect work .
it will run a highly customized version of google 's android operating system similar to the one seen on amazon 's kindle fire tablets , and come with special tangle-free headphones .
apps available at launch include netflix , hbo go , hulu plus and espn .
it also boasts a gorilla glass 3 screen with a rubber frame , and aluminum buttons