by .
nathan klein .
thousands of women migrant domestic workers in qatar are being severely exploited and sexually abused in ` utterly miserable conditions ' , according to a new report by an international human rights group .
the 77-page amnesty international report titled ` my sleep is my break : exploitation of domestic workers in qatar ' has uncovered the appalling conditions women - primarily from the philippines , indonesia and sri lanka - face on a daily basis .
in the report , women are said to be lured to qatar on the basis of false promises over salaries and working conditions - only to be made to work extreme hours and seven-day weeks .
appalling conditions : a migrant worker sitting on a bunk bed in his accommodation in qatar , the host country of the soccer world cup in 2022 .
a computer image of the ` al khor ' stadium , for the fifa world cup 2022 , to be built in doha , qatar .
some women also described how they were also subjected to sexual and physical violence .
the report , which draws upon interviews with 52 female domestic workers , revealed that in some cases women in qatar are being made to work up to 100 hours per week , with no days off .
under qatari law there are no limits on working hours for domestic workers and no requirement to allow them a day off , and domestic workers are unable to lodge complaints with qatar 's labour ministry - a situation which amnesty is calling on the qatari authorities to remedy urgently .
qatar 's estimated 84,000 women migrant domestic workers are subject to the country 's highly restrictive sponsorship system - known as the kafala system - which prevents migrant workers from leaving their job or the country without their employer 's permission .
as with male construction industry workers , the women routinely have their passports withheld by their employers , and in some cases employers also confiscate their mobile phones .
while some women find good jobs and are treated well , those facing abuse are left with little choice but to `` run away '' , putting them at risk of being arrested , detained and deported on charges of ` absconding ' .
exploited : migrant workers at a construction site in