by .
hugo gye .
published : .
03:32 est , 25 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:32 est , 25 january 2013 .
family feud : igor ustinov is attempting to claim part of his actor father 's film royalties .
sir peter ustinov 's son says he is ` close to bankruptcy ' after losing the latest round of a long-running court battle over his father 's estate .
igor ustinov claims the renowned actor intended to leave him the royalties to his work , and is fighting to claim the money from sir peter 's third wife .
but yesterday a high court judge ruled that there was not enough evidence to launch a case in the uk , and said she was ` appalled ' at the money wasted on the family feud .
the 56-year-old sculptor faces a bill of # 114,000 in legal costs after his bid to get his hands on his father 's riches failed .
mr ustinov , the actor 's son by his second wife , has been fighting his stepmother helene in the swiss courts since sir peter 's death in 2004 , arguing that a will he wrote in 1968 should be honoured .
although that case is still ongoing , he launched a parallel action in britain aiming to capture the rights to the actor 's intellectual property and royalties .
his lawyer ian meakin argued in court that ` overarching ' lifetime trusts set up by sir peter had put the rights to his work out of reach of his widow , leaving his assets in the hands of his children .
the whereabouts of those rights and royalties - which were said to have been put into an offshore structure by sir peter decades before his death - have not been confirmed .
the barrister argued that mr ustinov 's research indicated that two swiss lawyers control the alleged trusts - something which they vigorously deny .
mr meakin asked the judge to transfer the part of the legal row concerning the trusts to the jurisdiction of the english courts .
inheritance : sir peter ustinov died near his home in switzerland in 2004 , aged 82 .
mrs justice proudman accepted that sir peter had set up ` tax efficient structures under which he could receive royalties for his creative endeavours