police in calais have staged a protest at insufficient funds needed to cope with the estimated 2,000 british-bound migrants massed in their town .
up to 500 officers blocked a road near the port , triggering long delays for cars and lorries trying to board ferries to britain .
the police union is complaining they do not have the manpower to handle the frequent outbursts of violence between rival gangs of refugees in the northern french port .
scroll down for video .
police in calais have staged a protest at insufficient funds needed to cope with the estimated 2,000 british-bound migrants massed in their town .
up to 500 officers blocked a road near the port , triggering long delays for cars and lorries trying to board ferries to britain .
the police union is complaining they do not have the manpower to handle the frequent outbursts of violence between rival gangs of refugees in the northern french port .
the police were joined by farmers and landlords also angered at their property being occupied by migrants waiting to sneak aboard lorries and ferries to the uk .
they were joined by farmers and landlords also angered at their property being occupied by migrants waiting to sneak aboard lorries and ferries to the uk .
a statement from the police union syndicat general de la police said : ` in the space of a few months , the migrant numbers have quadrupled in calais .
` the police have had no choice but to abandon their public service mission , as a result of the lack of resources and above all staff .
` the continued flow of migrants traps the local economy in an unprecedented crisis , and businesses are threatened .
' french authorities estimate that there are around 2,000 illegal migrants , mostly from sudan and eritrea , waiting in calais to seek asylum in britain .
tensions have been mounting in recent months as hundreds more refugees fleeing war zones in the middle east and poverty in africa flood into the town .
mass brawls between rival gangs have left more than 70 people injured during july and august .
two weeks ago , home secretary theresa may promised to give france # 12million tighten security in calais after 250 illegal immigrants stormed the ferry terminal hoping to make it across the channel .
scores