by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
04:13 est , 22 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
02:59 est , 23 january 2014 .
a 23-year-old student who died after she was brutally beaten outside a club in california may have sparked the savage attack by accidentally photo-bombing a group of people as they were trying to take a picture .
kim pham was declared brain dead in the wake of the saturday morning incident in santa ana .
on tuesday , she was taken off life support and pronounced dead at 12.36 pm .
a friend of the victim revealed that pham was outside the crosby club when she may have accidentally wandered in front of a camera as a group of partygoers posed for a snapshot .
scroll down for videos .
killed over a photo ?
kim pham was knocked to the ground and savagely beaten by a group of men and women after a friend said she may have accidentally ruined their picture by walking in front of the camera .
plea : posters have been put near the crime scene appealing for information about the attackers .
disturbing : police were quick to announce that they did not believe the attack was motivated by race , as the area has a large vietnamese community that were concerned about a possible hate crime .
a heated argument followed , which .
according to police , culminated with two men and three women beating .
pham unconscious and leaving her for dead .
one .
female suspect in her 20s is police custody and has been booked for .
assault with a deadly weapon causing great bodily injury .
her identity .
has not been released .
the suspect has not been named , but is .
described as in her 20s and has been arrested for suspicion of assault .
with a deadly weapon and causing great bodily harm .
she was identified .
thanks to video footage of the attack filmed by a bystander .
in her personal blog , titled : ` these are the 7 biggest fears that you need to avoid .
having in your twenties ' on the website elite daily , miss pham calls on .
people her age to stop being fearful .
on .
the ` fear of missing out ' , a rationale