her bizarre new age views on topics such as reincarnation and ufos have often left the public baffled .
now shirley maclaine has provoked widespread fury by claiming the victims of the holocaust may have brought their fate upon themselves .
the veteran hollywood actress suggests the six million jews and millions of others systematically murdered in hitler 's death camps in the 1940s were ` balancing their karma ' for crimes committed in past lives .
she also suggests that cosmologist professor stephen hawking may have subconsciously given himself his debilitating motor neurone disease .
really , shirley ?
actress shirley maclaine has been denounced by jewish campaigners and other activists after suggesting that the millions of victims of nazi death camps may have needed to balance their karma .
miss maclaine 's comments , in a recently published book , were attacked last night by jewish campaigners and other activists as offensive and wrong .
in her memoir , the 80-year-old , who won an oscar for terms of endearment , writes : ` what if most holocaust victims were balancing their karma from ages before , when they were roman soldiers putting christians to death , the crusaders who murdered millions in the name of christianity , soldiers with hannibal , or those who stormed across the near east with alexander ?
the energy of killing is endless and will be experienced by the killer and the killee .
' a spokesman for the community security trust , which campaigns against anti-semitism , said : ` the first impressions are that these comments will offend and bemuse many jews -- and many other people too .
' in her book what if ... , miss maclaine , who was raised a baptist but is well known for her unconventional views on reincarnation and alien life , suggests professor hawking had subconsciously brought his crippling medical condition on himself .
she says he may have created his illness in order to ` free his mind ' from the needs of his body , so he could focus completely on his scientific research .
` balancing their karma ' : jewish women and children at auschwitz concentration camp in nazi-occupied poland .
miss maclaine suggested they may have been roman soldiers in their previous incarnations .
miss maclaine , who has previously insisted that she lived on atlantis in