by .
sarah griffiths .
they have been the sites of bitter battles and inspired one of britain 's most famous poets , and now some of wales ' regal castles have been captured by drone .
aerial perspectives show off the ruined castles ' striking features and interesting layouts , which were built for battles and were then adapted over the centuries - sometimes for parties .
the welsh government used the unmanned crafts to show off the country 's history from a unique perspective .
scroll down for video .
complicated : the lake defences of caerphilly castle -lrb- pictured -rrb- have been described as ` the most elaborate water defences in all britain ' and it is one of the largest castles of its kind in europe .
laugharne castle , which inspired poet dylan thomas and caerphilly , one of the largest castles in europe , are two of the castles featured in the videos .
they are all examples of medieval fortifications and feature elaborate defences , such as caerphilly 's network of moats and lakes to keep warring factions outside of its walls .
caerphilly 's lakes have been described as ` the most elaborate water defences in all of britain ' .
an inspiration : dylan thomas use to visit laugharne castle -lrb- pictured -rrb- to pen poems when he had writer 's block and his granddaughter said it was the view from there that ` would have inspired him most ' st davids bishop 's palace was built more with entertainment in mind as its great hall was designed by bishop henry de gower to be the perfect backdrop for banquets .
and while millions of people visit the sites every year , very few will have been able to see the magnificent castles from above .
that is why cadw , the welsh government 's historic environment service , took to the skies using drones to make the high resolution videos .
a historical spy : the welsh government used drones -lrb- like the one pictured -rrb- to show off the country 's history from a unique perspective .
st davids bishop 's palace -lrb- pictured -rrb- conveys the affluence and power of the medieval church when religion was the order of the day .
` we 're always looking at new and exciting ways to bring wales 's history to