australians are being told to brace for a summer of early and devastating bushfires as figures reveal half the country is at above average risk .
two years of persistent droughts along the eastern states , coupled with a predicted hot spell for spring and summer , will bring the threat of bushfires forward for much of the eastern seaboard , south australia and large parts of western australia .
a study published by the bushfire and natural hazards co-operative research centre shows the regions at ` above normal ' risk and the trending weather patterns increasing the bushfire threat .
scroll down for video .
the risk of bushfires across the country are highest along the eastern seaboard and western australia .
an illustrated graphic showing the predicted fire threats show half of the nation faces an above normal risk .
in the east of australia , the prevalence of fire is greatest in nsw , victoria and queensland - a state which has been declared 75 per cent drought affected .
above normal fire potential has been assessed for most of south east queensland , from biloela in the north west down to the nsw border .
above average temperatures for nsw and victoria , and very little rainfall on the horizon for either state could bring a fire season ` slightly more active than 2013-14 , ' the centre 's data revealed .
in nsw , the state 's coastal table lands and central slopes have been declared a high-fire danger , while in victoria the central wimmera and malle regions are at risk .
centre ceo richard thornton said densely populated zones in dry forested areas that have received little rain will be worse affected .
` the forested area in the east - that covers southern queensland , most of eastern nsw and down through into victoria - is largely driven by rainfall deficits over a long period of time , ' centre ceo richard thornton said .
` that is leading to much higher than normal levels of potential for fire in the coming year .
' australians should brace for ` above normal ' bushfire threats in large parts of the country .
bushfires could come earlier than they did in 2013 - the warmest australian year on record .
planning for the bushfire season can never start to early .
he said