the labour party is advertising for a # 33,000 a year endorsement officer to forge new relationships with celebrities for ed miliband .
the labour leader is hiring the aide to show he is in touch with the people of britain in the run up to the general election .
a job advert on the labour party 's website says the candidate will need to ` deliver an effective general election endorsements programme with specific focus on real people and celebrity endorsements .
' ed miliband is advertising for a # 33,000 a year endorsement officer to forge new relationships with celebrities .
he is pictured here with towie star joey essex at a party last december , which the reality star tweeted .
the sun reports that party chiefs hope the new employee will rekindle tony blair 's ` cool britannia ' and show mr miliband is ` in touch ' with the public following a number of embarrassing photo opportunities .
but conservative vice-chairman bob neill told the paper : ` poor ed is so desperate for support he 's now paying someone to find him friends .
' in october mr miliband was pictured chatting with eastenders ' star danny dyer , rattling off detailed facts about the cast of the show .
but he soon admitted he had not watched the show but had been reading about it online , leaving the actor bewildered .
then in november former hear 's ay singer mylene klass took the labour leader to task in a heated tv debate , with viewers praising her for ` doing a paxman ' and ` wiping the floor ' with him .
mr miliband said the photo opportunity is ` not where my talents lie ' after being pictured struggling to eat a bacon sandwich .
in april essex took a second picture of himself with mr miliband and posted it on twitter with the group shot , labelled ` my selfie buddies ' - but the labour leader appears awkward and only just made the photo .
the pair clashed on itv 's the agenda , when ms klass criticised mr miliband 's controversial proposal for a mansion tax on homes worth more than # 2million .
the labour leader has said previously that the photo opportunity is ` not where my talents lie ' after being pictured struggling to eat