three barclays premier league managers are facing up to a terrible tuesday with showdown talks planned over their futures , while another could also lose his job .
sam allardyce , tim sherwood and neil adams know their jobs are on the line when they meet their bosses , while gus poyet 's future is in serious doubt .
sportsmail revealed last week the west ham board have decided to call time on allardyce 's reign .
video scroll down for ` allardyce : i find the game strange in terms of manager sackings ' on his way : west ham boss sam allardyce will have his fate sealed during showdown talks with the club .
for the chop : allardyce and tim sherwood -lrb- second left -rrb- are both expected to get the sack .
the manager will be informed of co-owners david sullivan and david gold 's decision at an end-of-season meeting .
the club have been under pressure from fans to sack allardyce despite the 59-year-old steering the club clear of relegation .
they are unhappy with their team 's style of play and the unrest has not gone unnoticed within the corridors of power at upton park .
work has already begun on identifying allardyce 's replacement .
on the brink : tottenham manager sherwood is set to be sacked in a meeting on tuesday .
sherwood is due to meet tottenham chairman daniel levy , when he is expected to be relieved of his managerial duties .
southampton manager mauricio pochettino is levy 's first choice to replace sherwood , 45 , while the white hart lane club are also interested in ajax boss frank de boer .
sherwood could be offered an immediate return to management by championship club brighton .
they are keen for him to replace oscar garcia , who left the club after sunday 's play-off semi-final defeat by derby .
make-or-break : sunderland have started planning for life without gus poyet -lrb- centre -rrb- .
garcia , meanwhile , has emerged as a contender for the manager 's post at west bromwich albion following the departure of pepe mel .
sunderland owner ellis short and chief executive margaret byrne have started planning for life without poyet .
sportsmail revealed last week how poyet 's future was uncertain despite leading them to safety .
he wants greater control over the club