by .
rebecca evans and louise eccles .
published : .
23:28 est , 30 august 2012 .
| .
updated : .
00:04 est , 31 august 2012 .
world record holder victoria arlen can swim again after she was originally ruled .
` ineligible ' for the london paralympics after as her impairment was not deemed .
severe enough to qualify .
arlen , 17 , appealed the decision by the international paralympic committee 's on monday - and won , as officials said she would .
be allowed to compete in the same ` s6 ' swimming event .
now , she will be in the pool on saturday in a much-anticipated race pitting her against british swimmer ellie simmonds .
rivalry : british swimmer ellie simmonds -lrb- left -rrb- looks set to take on victoria arlen -lrb- right -rrb- after the american competitor was reinstated in her category following an appeal .
arlen was paralysed in 2006 by a virus which affected her spinal cord and left her in a vegetative state for two years .
simmonds became as the darling of the pool at beijing in 2008 , when she won golds in the 100m and 400m freestyle at the age of just 13 .
now 17 , simmonds , who has dwarfism , is hoping to defend those titles against arlen , who broke both of her world records at the u.s. trials in june .
on saturday she will face simmonds in the heats of the 400m freestyle , with a final decision as to her classification being made after this contest .
champion : ellie simmonds , britain 's youngest ever gold medallist , in action in the pool .
she is hoping to defend the two medals she won in beijing in 2008 , when she was just 13 .
world-beater : ellie simmonds , who has dwarfism , won golds in the 100m and 400m freestyle in beijing .
before the games , simmonds named arlen as her greatest rival , telling the bbc : ` it 's given me a bit of a buzz really , a bit of determination .
` i 'm a very competitive person and being behind the blocks , knowing that she is the world record holder and that i have to beat her , is really exciting .
' simmonds is competing for