by .
sarah griffiths and victoria woollaston .
published : .
09:00 est , 4 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:04 est , 4 december 2013 .
british mobile phone customers on three can now call home and use the internet when holidaying in the u.s for no extra cost .
america is one of four new countries the mobile operator has added to its feel at home roaming scheme that launched in august .
travellers heading to indonesia , sri lanka and macau can also now use their call plan in the same way they would at home , without paying a premium , and this takes the total number of locations on the scheme up to 11 .
three customers can now call home and use the internet when holidaying in the u.s. -lrb- brooklyn bridge in new york pictured -rrb- for no extra cost .
america is one of four new countries , including indonesia , sri lanka and macau , the operator has added to its feel at home roaming scheme .
three has begun rolling out its 4g network .
select customers with 4g-ready devices can now use .
the service when in an area with 4g coverage .
this rollout will continue to other customers throughout .
january , and all customers with a compatible device should be able to access 4g by the end of march .
three aims to cover 50 cities with 4g by the end of 2014 and 98 per cent of the population by the end of 2015 .
other countries that were already covered by the scheme include republic of ireland , australia , italy , austria , hong .
kong , sweden and denmark .
the service will automatically activate as soon as the phone enters any of these countries and picks up a local network .
it is hoped the move will spark a war among mobile phone network providers to let people use their phones abroad without worrying about the consequences .
the government plans to scrap roaming charges in the eu by 2016 , although no set plans are in place for when exactly this will happen .
this will of course mean holidaymakers travelling outside of this jurisdiction will still face high bills , though .
three 's feel at home scheme is now available in eleven countries and it