a u.s.-born singer of northern mexican ` banda ' music has been shot to death at a restaurant in the border state of sonora .
state police in sonora said tomas tovar rascon was born in phoenix , .
arizona , and was shot several times at the restaurant in ciudad obregon .
tovar rascon , 33 , was better known by his stage name , ` tito torbellino .
' tomar sang narco-corridos songs about the life and death of drug kingpins .
his facebook page said he was scheduled to perform at a concert in .
ciudad obregon on friday .
a u.s. booking agent listed for torbellino .
confirmed his death .
police said two gunmen entered the restaurant thursday and shot tovar .
rascon at close range .
he died on the way to a local hospital .
members of other musical groups have been murdered in mexico in recent .
years , usually groups that perform ` narcocorridos ' that celebrate the .
exploits of drug traffickers .
but while some guns appear in torbellino 's music videos , his songs mainly focused on unrequited love , not drug gangs .
experts say drug capos sometimes target musicians because of their ties to rival groups , or sentimental involvements .
in 2013 , south texas singer jesus `` chuy '' quintanilla was found shot in .
the head near mission , texas .
quintanilla was well known for his .
ballads , including some about the exploits of mexican drug cartels .
singer tomas eduardo tovar , 33 , was gunned down late thursday while dining at a restaurant in ciudad obregon .
elijah wald , author of the book , ` narcocorrido : a journey into the music .
of drugs , guns and guerrillas , ' noted previous victims have included .
singers of a number of genres , not only narcocorridos .
getting entangled .
with the girlfriend of a criminal , for example , could be dangerous .
` in that world , it 's probably more dangerous to be singing romantic .
songs than narcocorridos because it increases the chances that .
somebody 's girlfriend will suddenly decide that you 're the cutest thing .
ever , ' he said .
wald said he did n't have any information on the motive in the .
torbellino 's killing , but