a huge police search is underway for missing durham university student euan coulthard , 19 .
friends and loved ones of missing durham university student euan coulthard have appealed for him to ` come home ' .
more than 100 students joined the police in their search for the second-year law student today .
mr coulthard , 19 , went missing on thursday morning after going for a night out in durham .
the ` model student ' had been for an italian meal on wednesday evening to celebrate a friend 's 21st birthday and went on to the love shack nightclub in the city centre , leaving on his own just after midnight .
he has not responded to texts , emails or facebook messages since leaving the club shortly after midnight , which is out of character , police said .
friends have appealed for help him finding mr coulthard , from nottingham , using the hashtag #findeuan .
dan gibson tweeted today : ` good luck to everyone up in durham today searching for one of the nicest , most genuine blokes i have ever met .
come home mate .
#findeuan ' friend luke holdsworth tweeted : ` such a top bloke , time to come back now mate #findeuan ' lewis dann added : ' #findeuan - great lad and a very good friend , praying for a positive outcome !
' police were today continuing their search for the missing teenager , with teesdale and weardale mountain rescue scouring the river wear in durham .
mr coulthard is 5ft 9in , of average build with light brown hair , which is short on the sides and longer on the top .
when he was last seen he was wearing black skinny jeans , a denim jacket and a beige patterned shirt .
scroll down for video .
police were today continuing their search for the missing teenager , with teesdale and weardale mountain rescue scouring the river wear in durham .
mr coulthard , 19 , went missing on thursday morning after going for a night out in durham .
lee murray , 18 , from durham 's st mary 's college , where mr coulthard studies , was among the search party yesterday .
the sports student said : ` we have been out since around 8am , there 's around 100 of