george north should be stopped from playing rugby until the world cup in september after suffering his third bout of concussion in four months .
that is the view of former scotland full back rory lamont , who fears for the wales and northampton winger 's long-term health after revealing his own battle against depression as a result of multiple head injuries .
north was left unconscious in friday night 's aviva premiership fixture against wasps and lamont , knocked out 12 times during his career , is convinced the 22-year-old has been ` let down .
' rory lamont reveals he battled depression after suffering 12 concussion during his rugby career .
the weight of impact required to cause a bout of concussion reduces the more times a player suffers head injuries .
yet there are indications that north could still play against clermont auvergne in the champions cup quarter-final on saturday .
` it 's a complete disgrace that it 's got to this stage , ' lamont told sportsmail .
` george has been let down .
that a player can still be exposed to this at the top level is crazy .
they 've tipped him over the edge now because he 's had too many concussions in a short period of time .
he should take six months out , but even then he will be increasingly susceptible .
` i 've got metal plates in my jaw , cheekbone and eye socket , but it 's the unseen damage that worries me .
there are still moments during the day when i ca n't remember my best friend 's name .
i went through depression , irritability and lack of form after these knocks .
george north was knocked out again and was forced off after a clash with nathan hughes of wasps .
` i nearly walked away from the game in 2008 and , if i 'd had the same information that 's mainstream today , i probably would have .
if the brain is gone , you 're just left with an empty vessel .
' north , who was concussed when playing against the all blacks in november , remarked that ` rugby is not tiddlywinks ' after he was knocked out twice against england last month .
` there 's this standard bravado attitude , ' said 32-year-old lamont