we 've divided the premier league into teams from the north and south of england - with welsh side swansea included in the south .
joe bernstein had the choice to pick any players from the north , in any formation , with no limit on how many from each club .
rob draper picked his south xi on monday , and you can read that here .
here 's how we split the clubs : .
south .
arsenal , aston villa , chelsea , crystal palace , leicester city , qpr , southampton , swansea city , spurs , west brom , west ham united .
north .
burnley , everton , hull city , liverpool , manchester city , manchester united , newcastle united , stoke city , sunderland .
north vs south .
it is perhaps the fiercest argument between the people of england .
but without dipping into the political allegiances , property prices and weather , we 're sticking to the ultimate debating point -- football .
this week we are starting a new north vs south debate - who would you pick and who would win ?
in the nba , each season they stage an all-star match that pits the best from the west against the cream of the east .
and would n't it be fascinating if the premier league adopted a similar event ?
yesterday , rob draper selected his south xi .
here , joe bernstein reveals his north xi - plus seven subs .
then on wednesday , we 'll reveal who would win the match thanks to our friends at football manager .
and , as always , we want you to tell us who you would have picked in your team ... goalkeeper : joe hart -lrb- manchester city -rrb- tough call between david de gea and hart , but the city stopper is better at organising his defenders and more commanding in the air .
and , as he showed against lionel messi , he can stop a penalty too .
right back : daryl janmaat -lrb- newcastle united -rrb- been outstanding this season and toon fans will have an anxious wait this summer to see if a bigger club snaps him up .
janmaat can also play in the centre of the defence but he 's most threatening down the right where his crosses