1995 and 1998 videos show gop candidate discussing contents of newsletters .
paul claims he did n't write or read the letters .
ron paul has denied knowing what was published in racist and homophobic newsletters sent in his name until at least a decade later , but newly resurfaced videos are proving his claims false .
in the latest video to surface , the texas congressman and contender for the republican nomination for president appears to take credit for the controversial newsletters .
in the 1995 footage , uncovered by buzz feed , the candidate said : ` i. .
. do a newsletter , it 's called the ron paul survival report , ' he said .
` it 's expressing concerning about surviving in this age of big government .
' scroll down for video .
contradictions : paul is shown in 1995 , left , and in 1988 , right , discussing the contents of the controversial newsletters , despite claiming he had not read them .
material in the newsletters - named the ron paul political report , ron .
paul 's freedom report , the ron paul survival report and the ron paul .
investment letter - contained racist , homophobic and anti-semitic rants .
' i did n't read that stuff , i was aware of it probably 10 years after it was written .
' paul told cnn in an interview this week .
' i did n't write them .
i disavow them .
that 's it , ' he added .
the .
controversial newsletters , which reportedly made paul $ 1m , featured a .
series of racist statements , including , ` we are constantly told that it .
is evil to be afraid of black men , it is hardly irrational .
' referring to the 1992 los angeles riots , another read , ` order was only restored in .
l.a. when it came time for the blacks to pick up their welfare checks .
' the .
articles called martin luther king jr. a ` world-class .
philanderer , ' criticized the u.s. holiday bearing king 's name as ` hate .
whitey day ' , and said that aids sufferers ` enjoy the attention and pity that comes with being sick .
' under fire : texas congressman ron paul , now a contender