ashya king could fly to prague for potentially life-saving treatment as early as tonight after his parent 's were finally given permission to take the desperately ill boy out of a spanish hospital .
brett and naghmeh king were granted their wish by a high court judge -- eight days after they removed him from a southampton hospital following a row with doctors and drove to spain .
the five-year-old brain tumour patient will fly by private jet to a specialist hospital in the capital of the czech republic as soon as possible after he was deemed in a ` perfect condition to travel ' .
family lawyer juan isidro fernandez diaz said today that the youngster could fly to prague as early as tonight , sunday , or monday at the very latest .
scroll down for video .
new hope : brett , pictured outside the malaga hospital with his son danny today , and naghmeh king were granted their wish by a high court judge - eight days after they removed him from a southampton hospital .
urgent treatment : ashya 's mother naghmeh and father brett , pictured leaving the malaga children 's hospital today , asked for the five-year-old , pictured last year , to be transferred to a private hospital 560miles away .
best course of action : ashya 's parents now hope that it is not too late for their son to get the treatment he desperately needs to prevent the cancer cells from regenerating .
the family 's lawyer juan isidro fernandez diaz -lrb- pictured on sky news today -rrb- said the youngster could fly to prague as early as tonight , sunday , or monday at the latest and said he was in a ` perfect condition to travel ' ashya is expected to receive a course of chemotherapy at a children 's hospital before being given proton beam therapy which his parents believe will give him the best chance of survival .
the lawyer said : ` we 've got the judge 's order .
we 're very happy .
it 's wonderful news .
we 've got a private jet virtually ready to take ashya out of hospital .
' he also said the brain tumour patient was in ` perfect condition ' to travel at the moment and had been playing with his family and toys .
mr