determined not to let the italian court 's judgement over whether she was responsible for the murder of meredith kercher keep her in hiding , amanda knox strolls hand-in-hand with her fiancé .
the 27-year-old was joined by musician colin sutherland and her mother , edda mellas , as they took a brief walk outside her family home in seattle , washington , on thursday evening .
knox and sutherland , 27 , clasped their hands together but both appeared nervous and sported serious expressions , with neither smiling , as they took advantage of the spring evening .
scroll down for video .
clutch : amanda knox and fiancé colin sutherland seen going for a stroll on thursday evening .
the italian court is expected to decide whether or not knox is guilty of murdering meredith kercher today .
tension is in the air as amanda and colin take a brief stroll before returning inside home of amanda 's mom .
the couple see her mom off as she takes her dogs for a walk .
amanda 's mom edda mellas walks her dogs .
knox 's family are rallying around her and trying to help her lead as normal a life as possible in the run up to the final decision by the court of cassation - italy 's highest court - in rome on friday .
shortly before their walk , sutherland was seen carrying a bag of ice and two bags of shopping into the house , possibly supplies for a long and agonizing night waiting for the verdict .
earlier on thursday , amanda -- who in 2013 penned memoir waiting to be heard about the murder case and her four years in jail - was spotted with her fiance writing on a notepad in the backyard .
the italian court is set to decide if it will uphold a 2013 ruling declaring knox and her former boyfriend , raffaele sollecito , guilty of the 2007 killing of the british exchange student .
the decision was due on wednesday but has been delayed .
and today , sollecito 's lawyer launched a last-ditch attempt to save his own skin and blow a hole in american 's defense .
the former lover was compared to a ` forrest gump ' caught up in events beyond his understanding .
knox and sollecito had originally been convicted in