published : .
12:44 est , 16 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:45 est , 16 december 2013 .
exercise may hold the key to combatting some of the negative side effects that antidepressants can have on a woman 's sex drive .
just 30 minutes of exercise immediately before having sex , ` significantly ' improves sexual functioning in women taking the drugs and boosts their ability to orgasm , new research suggests .
the findings could have important health implications for alleviating some side effects of antidepressants .
exercise may hold the key to combatting some of the negative side effects that antidepressants can have on a woman 's sex drive , according to new research by the university of texas .
the study , published online in the journal depression and anxiety , shows that sexual dysfunction can be effectively treated with an inexpensive , non-invasive prescription of moderately intense workouts .
` these findings have important implications for public health , as exercise as a treatment for sexual side effects is accessible , cheap and does not add to burden of care , ' said tierney lorenz , an indiana university post-doctoral research fellow , who conducted the study at the university of texas at austin with psychology professor cindy meston .
the researchers examined 52 women who reported sexual side effects from antidepressants .
the study participants had sex without doing an exercise for the first three weeks of the experiment .
over another three weeks , half of the group then exercised for 30 minutes immediately before having sex and the other half did 30 minutes of strength training and cardio exercise three times a week whenever they liked .
the two groups then reversed roles in the last experiment .
the scientists discovered that regular exercise improved the ability of the women to orgasm .
they also found that those who exercised immediately before sex experienced significantly stronger libidos and overall improvements in sexual functioning .
women who exercised regularly were asked to add three extra sessions to their workout routines and all the participants self-reported their sexual function , desires , satisfaction and psychological health before and after each part of the experiment .
the scientists discovered that regular exercise improved the ability of the women to orgasm .
they also found that those who exercised immediately before sex