a fishing guide who was accused of hurling abuse at his clients and defecating off the front of the boat has hit back at allegations made by disgruntled customers .
manager allan beale of darwin 's barra base has been slammed over his alleged behaviour on the australian travel website trip advisor .
one client , under the name ` robrobbo ' from brisbane has penned his fishing safari experience with beale as ` so bad it was great ' after staying at the lodge with four other friends in february last year .
manager allan beale -lrb- left -rrb- of darwin 's barra base has been running his business for more than 12 years .
` once we hit the water with allan i think we were all looking around for the hidden cameras !
' the post read .
` abused at the boat ramp whilst attempting to help him launch the boat , abused when we hooked a fish , abused when we lost a fish , witnesses to the man himself defecating off the front of the boat ... ' in response to these allegations , beale told daily mail australia the review was not true and are based on ` one side of exaggeration ' .
` the reviews were pretty rude and distorted to the facts , ' beale said .
` customer service is our business .
we 've been in the tourism business for more than 12 years and i 'm saddened to read these false allegations after all these years .
' beale said the allegation was not true and are based on ` one side of exaggeration ' - he also added that ` catfish are a pest ' so he ` assists to minimise the population ' beale said fishing safari offers a great experience to all customers as well as meet client 's best interests .
beale said one person had suffered a sore back during this trip so he suggested an alternative because the man could n't handle the rough waves and everyone was happy to choose the other location for fish species .
another client , under the name ` les n ' from perth also took to the travel website to post their ` overrated and disappointing ' experience .
` i wrote a review on alan 's facebook account after he used pictures of