an anonymous artist and photographer has captured mundane objects in an entirely new way -- making them very difficult to distinguish .
using a reverse lens macro technique , pyanek has collated his extreme close-up shots in a series he calls ` amazing worlds within our world ' .
featuring an array of household items , foods and objects we use on an everyday basis , the images are striking .
but can you guess what any of them are ?
scroll down for video and answers ... a honeycomb mesh ?
the product photographed in pyanek 's first image is found in most kitchens around the world .
wafer thin !
pyanek 's second image is of a revolutionary item that has been used in this way as far back as ad 105 .
is that an onion ?
object number three is a cosmetic product that has been used for centuries .
the first image is of a super absorbent tool made from an organic compound , but can you guess what this honeycomb mesh actually is ?
second up looks like a piece of carpet or maybe a row of wafers ?
could be both could be neither .
the first use of this item in this way dates back to ad 105 and its continued production has helped shape the world , but just what is it ?
number three is a cosmetic product that contains pigments , waxes , oils and emollients .
the image itself looks like an onion but it 's a lot more refined than that .
any ideas ?
this item is both mundane and overlooked but it does serve a pretty useful purpose .
pyanek used the reverse lens macro technique to photograph this item in all its wiry glory .
created by a doctor and an advocate for vegetarianism , this item is enjoyed by people around the world .
image number four features a mundane and often overlooked object , but in this photograph it looks majestic .
a type of fastener characterised by a helical ridge , but just what is it exactly ?
number five features a small and porous bag used for its filtering properties .
this item can be found in most homes around the country but we are pretty sure you have never seen it looking like rice noodles before .
the sixth