by .
matt blake .
published : .
03:25 est , 17 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:44 est , 17 june 2013 .
czech prime minister petr necas has announced that he will resign amid claims his chief-of-staff and alleged lover recruited government agents to spy on his wife .
necas , 48 , has been embroiled in a sleaze scandal that has seen seven people , including the current and former heads of the .
military intelligence agency and three former politicians of his party , charged with bribery or misuse of power .
but most sensational is the arrest of his closest aide and the head of his office jana nagyova who was charged with ordering a military intelligence agency to spy on three people , including necas ' estranged wife , radka .
necas has insisted that he knew nothing of nagyova 's alleged skullduggery nor did she push him into divorcing his wife .
affair ?
patr necas -lrb- left -rrb- is alleged to have had an affair with his chief-of-staff jana nagyova -lrb- right -rrb- who herself is accused of ordering government agents to spy on necas ' wife .
nagyova is also alleged to have .
bribed three senior mps to step down in return for lucrative jobs in .
state-run companies .
she faces five years in jail for abuse of power if .
convicted .
she claims she ordered security .
services out of concern for mrs necas , far from the nefarious motives of .
which she has been accused .
her lawyer said : ` this -lsb- surveillance -rsb- .
was not done for the reason of damaging someone or harming them but .
rather , due to being cautious , she rached the conclusion that it is .
necessary to find out some things .
' the ex wife : necas refused to confirm or deny if ms nayova was the reason behind his divorce , finalised last week , to radna -lrb- left -rrb- , the mother of his four children and teenage sweetheart .
necas said he also will quit on monday as chairman of his conservative civic democratic party .
asked directly if ms nayova was the .
reason behind his divorce , finalised last week , to the mother of his .
four children and teenage sweetheart , necas responded :