a clean-living indianapolis cop wound up in hospital after taking a gulp of iced tea that turned out to be contaminated with cleaning chemicals .
before going on shift on saturday night at about 10pm , reserve officer paul watkins stopped at an indianapolis mcdonald 's for a self-serve tea .
as usual he filled his cup half with unsweetened tea , but before filling the rest with sweet tea he noticed the tea looked dark .
he took the lid off the dispenser but decided that all seemed ok .
` he filled his cup and took a big gulp and immediately his throat started burning down into his chest , ' his wife jerilyn told abc news .
scroll down for video .
before going on shift on saturday night , reserve officer paul watkins , pictured with his wife jerilyn , stopped at a west indianapolis mcdonald 's for a self-serve tea , and ended up becoming violently ill .
after he spit out the tea and told staff , the manager explained that employees had put cleaning liquid into the dispenser but had forgotten to put a cup over the nozzle .
watkins spit out the tea and immediately told staff at the counter that something was wrong .
the manager explained that employees had put cleaning liquid into the dispenser but had forgotten to put a cup over the nozzle , according to jerilyn .
jerilyn was not with him at the time but he called her from his police car , told her the story , and said he felt as though he just drank bleach .
officer watkins then became violently ill .
he called the police station and poison control , who determined that the tea dispenser was filled with a heavy duty degreasing chemical , according to the police report .
watkins spent the night at iu health methodist hospital and underwent an endoscopy the next day .
he still has problems swallowing , experiences a burning sensation in his throat , and is concerned about the long-term effects of having ingested chemicals .
` my husband has never drank , never smoked , never done drugs , ' said jerilyn .
` this is just insane .
' officer watkins is concerned about the long term effects of ingesting the chemicals .
` my husband has never drank , never