when danielle diamond lost her third baby in a row to miscarriage , she was heartbroken .
she had low levels of a simple hormone which is prescribed to pregnant women in other countries -- but not here .
mrs diamond was desperate for a sibling for her baby son and vowed she would do everything possible to make it happen .
after becoming pregnant for a fourth time , she decided on diy treatment to give the baby every possible chance .
danielle diamond , 24 , was desperate for a sibling for her baby son , but miscarried each of the three times she became pregnant .
after begging her gp to prescribe a progesterone gel , she managed to conceive again and finally gave birth to their daughter , gabrielle , now 11 months old .
mrs diamond said all the past miscarriages totally ruined her much wanted pregnancy .
mrs diamond was delighted when she gave birth to her healthy baby girl , gabrielle , in november last year .
the 24-year-old spent # 100 on the hormone progesterone -- enough to get her through the all-important first few months of pregnancy .
her gp could not give it to her on the nhs -- it is not officially approved for use in this way - but eventually agreed to prescribe it privately .
it was a nailbiting time for danielle and husband steve , 42 , an it consultant , but the birth of daughter gabrielle made it all worthwhile .
mrs diamond , from colchester , essex , said : ` all the past miscarriages totally ruined my much wanted pregnancy .
i spent the whole time thinking i was going to lose her .
` i thought i was going to wake up in labour and she would be dead .
it was terrifying .
` a lot of women blame themselves for miscarriages but i think this is such a simple answer to help these people .
' the proud mother successfully conceived her son zachary , now three , in 2011 and never dreamed she would have problems completing her family .
the couple decided to try for a second child and she became pregnant in october 2012 .
mrs diamond was told by doctors she had low progesterone but assured her the baby was healthy during her first scan .