by .
lizzie parry .
an hiv-positive teenager has today called for lessons about the virus to become compulsory in all schools , claiming he learned nothing of it in sex eduction classes .
luke alexander has written an open letter to education secretary michael gove , declaring he ` did not know much ' about the disease before contracting it .
the 19-year-old appeared on itv 's this morning , where he called for greater awareness 12 months after he received his devastating diagnosis .
in his letter , published as a petition .
on the change.org website , mr alexander claims the ` vast majority of .
young people today have little or no common knowledge ' , of the virus .
hiv-positive luke alexander is calling on education secretary michael gove to make hiv a compulsory part of sex education in all schools .
he said : ' i myself strongly believe that if i had learnt about hiv during my secondary education , i might have avoided being infected with hiv myself at just 18 years old , ' the independent reported .
mr alexander , from oldbury in the west midlands , said education is vital if a younger generation are to be as aware of the condition as men who were exposed to the major awareness campaign of the 1980s .
he said : ` before my diagnosis i did n't really know a lot about it -lrb- hiv -rrb- .
` when they diagnosed me last year , my first reaction was `` oh my god , i 'm going to die '' .
' i knew it existed but i did n't know a lot about treatment .
' mr alexander , who was around 13 when he came out as being gay , said he became sexually active at the age of 15 .
when he turned 18 his life took a downwards turn .
having been made redundant , he turned to alcohol and recreational drugs .
appearing on itv 's this morning , the 19-year-old - who was diagnosed last year - said he learned very little about the virus at school , adding had he had more information he might not have contracted the illness .
it was during that time , he says , that he ` went off the rails ' becoming less careful in his