by .
jessica jerreat .
published : .
17:43 est , 18 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
20:52 est , 18 may 2013 .
a 16-year-old cerebral palsy sufferer who was bitten on her arm and shoulder is unable to tell her parents who is responsible for the brutal attack because she can not speak .
when ariel alexander 's parents reported the bite marks on their disabled daughter to her special needs school in philadelphia , the school tried to blame the attack on ariel 's sister .
her parents have rejected claims that the attack happened in their own home , questioning how ariel 's attack went unnoticed in the special needs classroom of martin luther king high school .
victim : cerebral palsy sufferer ariel alexander is covered in bite marks but she can not name her attacker .
brutal attack : human bite marks can be clearly seen on the disabled teenager 's back and shoulder .
` they gon na try and pass the buck , say it happened here .
no way , impossible , ' her father , randell alexander , said .
ariel 's family believe the attack happened in school on may 1 , telling myfoxphilly.com they first noticed the marks two days later .
the teenager , who has been confined to a wheelchair for most of her life and is unable to communicate clearly , had four human bite marks and other marks along her shoulder and back .
` it 's brutal !
it is brutal , ' mr alexander said .
` there 's no way possible that no one 's seen the incident occur .
' he claims that after reporting the attack to her school , a male teacher told them that one of ariel 's classmates was responsible .
mr alexander added that the teacher suggested one of the other pupils who has special needs had been attacking other students .
silenced : randell alexander with his daughter ariel , who is unable to communicate and name her attacker .
the school rejects this claim however , saying that when the teachers were interviewed they denied seeing the attack .
fernando gallard , a spokesman for the school district , said : ` it could not have happened at school , .
and if it could have -- if for some