a video for the track that has been ` scientifically proven ' to be the most relaxing song in the world has been released as part of an album with five other songs .
named weightless , the music can apparently slow the heart rate , reduce blood pressure and decrease levels of cortisol -- a steroid hormone released in response to stress .
the track has been labelled ` the most relaxing song in the world ' , beating other contenders including adele and coldplay .
manchester-based band marconi union has released a video for their song weightless which is said to be the most relaxing song in the world -lrb- clip from video shown -rrb- .
in 2011 the song topped a scientific list of relaxing songs .
the video sees a drone with lights fly above water in the lake district .
the eight-minute long track was made by manchester-based marconi union in collaboration with the british academy of sound therapy .
it was claimed to be the most relaxing song ever after a scientific study by the mindlab institution in 2011 .
1 -rrb- marconi union - weightless .
2 -rrb- airstream - electra .
3 -rrb- dj shah - mellomaniac -lrb- chill out mix -rrb- .
4 -rrb- enya - watermark .
5 -rrb- coldplay - strawberry swing .
6 -rrb- barcelona - please do n't go .
7 -rrb- all saints - pure shores .
8 -rrb- adele - someone like you .
9 -rrb- mozart - canzonetta sull ` aria .
10 -rrb- cafe del mar - we can fly .
since then the band has expanded upon the original song , releasing a video for it and recording five others .
the director of the video ritchie johnston said he used a drone because its ` grace in the air and precise flight capabilities made it the ideal subject for the shoot .
' he continued : ` orchestrating the routine together proved challenging as i was using a technique that revealed unperceivable patterns which i was unable to fully comprehend until the project was finally finished .
` on further discussion we settled on a location for the shoot , a small tarn situated near blencathra , a mountain in the lake district .
' he then flew the drone over the waters in a precise pattern , and later used