a criminal investigation has been launched into the death of peaches geldof as it was revealed she died after taking heroin .
police yesterday said they want to know who supplied the 25-year-old journalist and tv personality with the drug .
there are also serious questions over why there was no drug-taking paraphernalia in her home by the time authorities arrived .
scroll down for video .
heroin was said to have played a role in the death of peaches geldof , an inquest has heard .
peaches ' mother paula yates died from an accidental overdose in 2000 , aged 41 .
dci paul fotheringham confirmed the drug ` contributed ' to her death during a short statement as the inquest into the mother-of-two 's death opened .
detectives could now question her .
husband , musician thomas cohen , who was the first person to find her .
body before raising the alarm , saying he could not revive her .
the .
investigation was begun as the opening of an inquest into the death .
yesterday confirmed that peaches had died after taking a potentially .
lethal hit of heroin while in sole charge of her baby son phaedra .
the .
brief hearing was told how mr cohen screamed as he returned home to .
find his wife slumped across her bed , with one leg dangling off the .
side .
the incident has .
tragic similarities to the death of peaches ' mother paula yates , who .
died from an accidental heroin overdose in 2000 , aged 41 .
she was discovered alone with her young daughter tiger lily , then four .
the senior officer from kent police told the hearing at gravesend coroners court the model was in contact with friends in the days before her death and there was no 'cause for concern ' coroner roger hatch adjourned ms geldof 's inquest until july 23 .
on .
the day of her death , peaches had posted a picture of herself as a .
young girl with her late mother -- although she was said to have been her .
` normal self ' before the incident .
kent .
police detective chief inspector paul fotheringham told the inquest she .
had been making ` plans for the future ' , but that ` recent use of heroin .
and