by .
tara brady .
published : .
00:32 est , 4 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
03:57 est , 4 march 2014 .
climbers wanting to scale mount everest will be forced to bring back eight kilograms of rubbish in a bid to clean-up the world 's highest peak .
the rule , one of several new measures covering mountaineering in the himalayan nation , will apply to climbers ascending beyond everest 's base camp from april onwards , said tourism ministry official madhusudan burlakoti .
decades of mountaineering has taken its toll on everest which is strewn with rubbish from past .
expeditions , including oxygen cylinders , human waste and even climbers ' bodies , which do not decompose in the extreme cold .
a nepalese man collecting rubbish left by climbers , at an altitude of 8,000 metres during a clean-up expedition at mount everest .
mr burlakoti , who is joint secretary at the ministry , said authorities would take legal action against climbers who failed to comply with the new rule , although it was unclear whether this would involve a fine or the confiscation of their mandatory deposit .
` the government has decided in order to .
clean up mount everest that each member of an expedition must bring back .
at least eight kilos of garbage , apart from their own trash ' , he said .
last month nepal slashed fees for individual climbers on the famed mountain and other himalayan peaks to attract more mountaineers , sparking concerns of increased traffic and more rubbish .
everest , scaled for the first time by edmund hillary and tenzing norgay in 1953 , is a key revenue-earner for the country , with hundreds heading there every year during the peak climbing season in april and may .
under the new rules everest expeditions will have to take their trash to an office which will be set up next month at base camp .
tip : a group ascending the mountain with the aim of clearing up all of the rubbish left at mount everest .
the office will also offer medical aid and resolve conflicts , with soldiers and police on duty to avoid a repeat of the brawl between european climbers and local guides last year which shocked the mountaineering community .
dawa sherpa , expedition manager