by .
kerry mcdermott .
published : .
06:51 est , 26 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
09:21 est , 26 september 2012 .
when hornby secured a deal to produce official london 2012 merchandise it was lauded as a major coup for the iconic british toymaker , which hoped it would provide a much-needed boost to profits .
but the spectacular success of this summer 's ` golden games ' did n't rub off on the manufacturer after bizarre olympic mascots wenlock and mandeville failed to impress a baffled public .
shares in hornby plummeted by more than a third after it was forced to issue a profits warning on the back of poor sales of its olympic merchandise , and the firm has now slashed prices by up to 85 per cent in an attempt to shift the unpopular souvenirs .
panned : sales of olympic mascots wenlock , left , and mandeville , right , have flopped .
` disappointing ' : hornby shares have struggled over the past year .
based upon blobs of steel and .
featuring a single eye each , less-than-cuddly mascots wenlock and .
mandeville were designed to symbolise the 2012 games with their olympic .
ring-inspired friendship bracelets , and featured a nod to the capital in .
the form of london ` taxi lights ' on their heads .
but .
the public failed to warm to the strange figures and a whole of host of unsold .
wenlock and mandeville branded souvenirs and collectibles are now gathering dust on .
toyshop shelves .
hornby has knocked # 96 off the price of a 12-pack of london 2012 die-cast wenlock or mandeville figurines , which are now on sale for # 23.88 , while many single figurines - originally priced # 9.99 - are now selling for # 2.99 .
the toy firm , which is behind scalextric and corgi and also makes model railways , had hoped sales of olympic merchandise would see a boom in profits , but admitted that demand for london 2012 products had been disappointing .
it said that , while early demand for games-related goods had been encouraging , major retailers had also purchased ` substantial quantities ' of 2012 merchandise from other licensees .
when the anticipated sales rush failed to materialise , the big retailers introduced deep discounts on