by .
ray massey .
polish planes landing at heathrow are the loudest the first ever ` league-table ' of airline noise reveals today .
by contrast , british airways ' short-haul services are the quietest new data released as part of heathrow 's new ` fly quiet ' programme shows .
the worst offender is polish airline lot , in last place , just ahead of israeli carrier national el al in 49th place and thai airways in 48th place .
poland 's lot airline has been ranked worst for noise pollution while coming into heathrow .
the initiative aims to name and shame airlines into putting a wind-sock in it .
virgin atlantic 's little red domestic service was in second place behind ba , with irish airline aer lingus in third .
behind it was american airlines , followed by qantas , emirates , american carriers united and delta , dutch carrier klm and deutsche lufthansa .
ba 's short-haul flights had the lowest levels of noise at britain 's busiest international airport .
british airways ' long-haul flights were outside the top-ten - in twelfth place just behind tap portugal .
the fly quiet league table aims to name and shame loud airlines into cutting noise levels .
those keeping most people awake at night at the bottom of the table were : turkish airlines long-haul , south african airways , european air transport , finnair , and russia 's aeroflot short-haul .
the scores were based on noise levels during the period july to september and are given a ` traffic light ' style rating for various categories and timings of noise .
of the listed airlines , 80 per cent met heathrow 's minimum requirements on noise , with 94 per cent meeting at least five of the six categories .
heathrow said a combination of old , nosier planes , and the way in which it is flown are key factors in noise levels .
a steep descent to the runway also leaves less of a noise ` footprint ' than a longer steady descent .
heathrow sustainability director matt gorman said : ` we are at the forefront of international efforts to tackle aircraft noise and are committed to continuing to reduce the number of people affected by noise .
` the launch of the fly quiet programme signals our firm commitment