by .
ryan lipman .
an invasion of aggressive mosquito could spell disaster as they threaten to end the great australian outdoor barbecue .
the exotic asian tiger mosquito is capable of spreading dengue fever to southern capital cities including sydney and brisbane .
while it 's impossible to say exactly when we can expect to see the pest make australia home , scientists are certain they will arrive here .
` it 's definitely only a matter of time , ' qimr berghofer medical research institute associate professor greg devine told aap .
asian tiger mosquito : the large and aggressive pest is set to invade australia according to scientists .
the species can carry diseases including dengue , yellow fever , ross river and chikungunya virus and because they thrive in and around homes , could put australia 's outdoor lifestyle at risk .
` it arrived in the torres strait about 2005 , but of course that 's not the only route at which it can come in .
` there is no doubt it is coming eventually because it 's been picked up so many times at australia 's borders .
' but in a bid to stay ahead of the pests , queensland scientists are breeding the highly invasive species , which is able to bite dozens of times a minute .
the scientists are studying the only colony of the mosquito in australia , wisely kept behind locked doors in the brisbane medical research institute .
brisbane 's qimr berghofer medical research institute is home to australia 's only colony of the mosquito , which is being studied by scientists .
associate professor greg devine , pictured , said it was a matter of when the pest spread to cities including brisbane and sydney .
associate prof devine said the research is critical because the asian tiger mosquitoes can introduce the debilitating chikungunya virus and spread diseases such as dengue .
` what we 'd like to understand is the real risk of transmission in urban centres like brisbane and sydney , ' he said .
` we are also looking at the way it would interact with native mosquitoes so we can determine how rapid its impact will be .
' most concerning however , is the risk the pest posed to the outdoor lifestyle enjoyed by so many australians , because the