the baby , known as mary , had been born at alder hey hospital in liverpool , pictured , but died six months later with traces of cocaine in her stomach .
a six-month-old baby died with traces of cocaine in her stomach despite her drug-user parents being reported to social services five times .
small amounts of painkiller and anti-depressant drugs were also found in the infant , known as mary , who died suddenly in 2013 , after a lengthy stay in alder hey children 's hospital in liverpool .
now a review released today has called for a host of lessons to be learned after several agencies fell short in sharing information that could have highlighted the baby 's vulnerability .
according to a report , mary 's family , who lived in liverpool , were well-known to social services and had been reported five times amid concerns of alcohol abuse , domestic violence and child neglect .
a school had also raised concerns about the way other children in the family were being brought up .
mary was the youngest child in a family of four children born to a mother aged 30 and a father aged 33 .
at the time of her death , her siblings were one , eight and 10 .
her parents came to the attention of social care unit careline five times between 2008 and 2012 .
mary 's siblings ' school had already raised concerns that the two eldest children were overweight , staying off school and left to look after their baby brother while their parents stayed in bed .
mary was born 12 weeks early at alder hey children 's hospital in january 2013 and was diagnosed with a number of medical conditions , including a heart murmur .
she was kept in hospital for three months during which time there were ` several consecutive days ' in which she had no contact with her parents .
after she was discharged from hospital and into her parents ' care , a number of community nurse follow-up visits were scheduled .
but the nurse was unable to get access to the family despite visiting them three times in one week .
a fourth visit was successful but later appointments were not kept .
a day before mary died in july 2013 , a health visitor went to the