an iranian film company has come under fire for depicting the prophet mohammed by showing the back of his head in a new movie .
` mohammed , messenger of god ' is a film about the prophet 's childhood but does n't show his face with the other characters telling his story .
the project was filmed in iran with a replica of the kaaba shrine in saudi arabia built in the remote village of allahyar especially for the epic making it the country 's most expensive film .
iranian filmmaker majid maijidi leads the crew through a scene while filming ` mohammed , messenger of god ' , a new film about the prophet mohammed .
replica buildings of mecca in saudi arabia were created for the film 's set in the village of allahyar , south of tehran .
but despite the film yet to receive its release , it has been widely criticised , as islamic clerics agree that trying to depict the prophet mohammed is forbidden .
already egypt has called for a ban on the film saying it debases the sanctity of the messengers from god , while qatar has announced plans to shot its own film about the prophet 's life .
but the film 's director majid majidi has insisted the movie will five the right impression of mohammed 's life .
he said : ` many relay their messages to the world through cinema and pictures .
` we are ready to co-operate to produce any movies to introduce mohammed to the world .
` we are an islamic country , we know the related culture and we have capabilities for such production .
' the film is the most expensive to be made in the country and depicts the prophet mohammed by showing the back of his head .
the film appears to have gained the support of iran 's current supreme leader ayatollah ali kharmenei , who attended the set in 2012 .
islamic tradition is full of written descriptions of mohammed and his qualities , describing him as the ideal human being .
but many finding depicting the prophet offensive with the the satirical french magazine charlie hebdo targeted by gunman in the paris terror attacks , killing 12 people , over its caricature of mohammed .
however , the film appears to have gained the support of