an 11-year-old nrl ball boy for the parramatta eels who was told he lost his team their game is reportedly ` crying himself to sleep ' at night .
with a couple of minutes on the clock against canterbury bulldogs , a try from eels halfback chris sandow was disallowed after the boy threw the ball straight to eels winger vai toutai for a quick restart , instead of putting the ball on the sideline .
eels coach brad arthur explained to triple m 's dead set legends that ` an nrl official told the ball boys that they cost parramatta the game ' .
on sunday , eels ceo scott seward defended the boy after the incident on friday night at the anz stadium in sydney .
' i have n't spoken to him -lrb- the ball boy -rrb- but it 's fair to say he was n't in a great space on friday night , ' seward told the daily telegraph .
scroll down for video .
an 11-year-old ball boy threw the ball straight to eels winger vai toutai for a quick restart , instead of putting the ball on the sideline .
eels ceo scott seward defended the boy after the incident on friday night at the anz stadium in sydney .
` we have something wrong in our game when a kid is crying himself to sleep .
there is something not right if that is where we are at .
` no one at our club is blaming the ball boy , no one in any way , shape or form , ' he added .
in a statement on the eels website seward also said he had contacted the nrl on saturday following events at the round 23 match against the canterbury-bankstown bulldogs .
' i have spoken with the nrl this morning to express the club 's disappointment and concern on a range of matters from last night 's game , ' seward said .
' i have been assured that those matters will be reviewed and responded to as a matter of priority .
' parramatta eels ' jarryd hayne makes his point to referee ben cummins after the controversial call on friday night .
dead set legends posted a twitter post on saturday about ball boy duties .
furious eels coach brad arthur said an nrl official told the ball