mystery continues to surround the origin of the 100-year-old fragments of rubber that have been washing up on the shores of britain and northern europe for the last two years .
last week , conservationists cleared more than 100 rubber sheets , two rolls of rubber , three rubber ingots and several tablets from chesil beach in dorset .
some theorists believe the pieces could date back to the titanic - and may have risen to the water 's surface after being contained for more than a century in the lost wreckage of the ship - which sunk in april 1912 .
scroll down for video .
discovery : izzy imset , a local dive shop operator at chesil beach in dorset , found this collection washed up on the shore .
most of the pieces are engraved with the name tjipetir , an early 20th century rubber plantation in west java , indonesia .
and their perfectly-preserved quality is alarming environmentalists and sparking fears over why supposedly biodegradable materials have remained completely intact .
the rubber blocks and sheets are in such fine condition that they could have come from a ship that had just sunk .
but the material they are made from was popularly used around a century ago .
conservationist steve trewhella said it is worrying that the pieces , some about one metre long , are in such good condition considering the rubber is meant to be biodegradable .
the pieces are made from gutta percha , a form of latex made from the sap of a tropical tree of the same name .
theory : some believe the blocks may have come from the titanic , pictured , which sank in april 1912 .
the pieces are made from gutta percha , a form of latex produced from the sap of a tropical tree with the same name .
it was used to make a wide range of items 100 years ago .
most of the pieces are engraved with the name tjipetir - an early 20th century rubber plantation in java , indonesia .
worry : their perfectly-preserved quality is alarming environmentalists and sparking fears over why supposedly biodegradable materials have remained completely intact .
it was used to make a wide range of items 100 years ago , including teddy bears ' noses and golf balls , although the most common use