the black hawk helicopter that crashed in dense fog during a training mission in florida was carrying seven marines from special operations command forces based in north carolina , and four national guard soldiers from louisiana .
bad weather prevented the recovery of bodies and the flight recorder from the wreckage on thursday , and while the military had not officially released any times , loved one of those on the doomed copter did speak with the press .
. now however , the names and identities of the seven marines have been revealed .
scroll down for video .
crews lower a piece of a black hawk helicopter onto a barge in the santa rosa sound near pritchard point in florida .
staff sgt. andrew c. seif -lrb- left -rrb- and staff sgt. trevor p. blaylock -lrb- right -rrb- .
staff sgt. andrew c. seif was a silver star medal recipient who received the award for facing enemy fire to save a mortally wounded friend in afghanistan in july 2012 .
he was born in fairbanks , alaska , and lived in albuquerque , new mexico , until middle-school when his family moved to holland , michigan , the marines said .
seif , 26 , grew up playing soldier in his backyard and joined the marines just weeks after graduating from high school , according to an article about his award published this week in the camp lejeune globe , the post newspaper .
by 2012 , he had spent two years as a special forces operator with the 2nd marine special operations battalion , which operates from the middle east to central asia .
seif and his teammate , sgt. justin hansen , were closing in on one of western afghanistan 's bomb experts , according to the paper .
they came under fire , and hansen was hit .
seif moved hansen to safer position and treated his teammate 's wounds .
seif returned fire , advanced alone across the compound and found the targeted bomb-maker .
` the fact that -lrb- seif -rrb- continued to fight through the objective to get sgt. hansen taken care of , putting himself in the line of fire , speaks volumes to who he is and demonstrates that he would never leave a marine behind , ' said maj. gen. joseph l. osterman .
seif 's wife was at