a doctor who was diagnosed with ebola was discharged on tuesday after being declared virus-free following weeks of isolation treatment / .
dr craig spencer , 33 , was cheered by crowds of medical staff at bellevue hospital in manhattan as he left today accompanied for mayor bill de blasio and his wife chirlane mccray .
the release of dr spencer who worked with ebola .
patients in guinea and had been held at bellevue .
since he was diagnosed with the virus on october 23 , means no .
one in the u.s. is being treated for the disease .
scroll down for video .
dr craig spencer , who has been declared ebola-free , gets a hug from new york city major bill de blasio on tuesday morning while first lady chirlane mccray looks on .
new york mayor bill de blasio walks with dr. craig spencer -lrb- right -rrb- as he is discharged from bellevue hospital , after being declared free of the ebola virus , in new york on tuesday .
mayor de blasio addressed a press conference on tuesday at bellevue hospital in manhattan where dr spencer -lrb- pictured right of the mayor -rrb- finished his quarantine period .
dr craig spencer receives a hug from head physician dr laura evans at a news conference after he thanked her personally for taking such good care of him .
dr spencer appeared at a news conference on tuesday morning where he described his time spent working for five weeks in guinea , at the heart of the ebola outbreak .
he said : ` during this time , i cried as i held children who were not strong enough to survive the virus .
` but , i also experienced immense joy when patients i treated were cured and invited me into their family as a brother upon discharge .
' after thanking the teams of medical staff who cared for him along with his friends and family , dr spencer said : ` while my case has garnered international attention , it is important to remember that my infection represents but a fraction of the more than 13,000 reported cases to date in west africa - the center of the outbreak , where families are being torn apart and communities destroyed .
' spencer , who traveled to west africa with doctors withoutborders , was