brazilian forward lima scored two opportunist goals to give champions benfica a 2-0 away win over porto in the first portuguese classico of the season on sunday .
the eagles claimed their first away win over their great rivals in the league for seven years in a match which featured only one portuguese player , benfica 's andre almeida , at kickoff .
the primeira liga leaders went ahead against the run of play in the 36th minute when the porto defence was caught out by a long thrown-in and the ball bounced in front of lima who bundled it over the line from six metres .
lima reacts quickest to fabiano 's parry to put benfica 2-0 ahead and seal the win away to porto .
the brazilian forward celebrates after his first goal , following some terrible defending by home side .
lima was clearly delighted with his double , as benfica extended their lead at the top of the table .
benfica extended their lead just before the hour when porto goalkeeper fabiano failed to hold anderson talisca 's low shot and lima snapped up the rebound .
porto dominated the opening half hour and hector herrera should have put them in front but shot wide from close range following a break down the left .
the hosts were frustrated again on the half hour when benfica goalkeeper julio cesar made a superb stop to deny jackson martinez .
martinez 's unhappy evening continued after the second benfica goal .
the porto fans created an intimidating atmosphere , but lost at home to benfica for the first time in seven years .
yacine brahimi -lrb- left -rrb- loses out to benfica 's enzo perez as the pair battle for the ball in midfield .
jackson martinez shows his frustration in a game where he missed a great chance and had a goal disallowed .
the colombia forward had a goal disallowed for offside and then headed against the crossbar from close range when it looked easier to score .
benfica continued their recent dominance over porto , having knocked them out of both the portuguese cup and league cup last season on their way to a domestic treble .
the win took benfica , who have 34 points from 13 games , six clear of porto and vitoria guimaraes , who drew 0-0 with rio ave. fredy