by .
emily allen and martin delgado .
published : .
10:52 est , 26 may 2012 .
| .
updated : .
05:49 est , 28 may 2012 .
surrounded by glorious yellow , stephanie koch and her three-year-old daughter kadie don sunglasses for a walk in the sunshine through a rapeseed field in whitley bay , north-east england .
yesterday was one of the hottest days of the year so far and thousands of people took the opportunity to spend a few hours at the seaside .
the met office reported unbroken sunshine with roads to coastal resorts clogged with extra traffic .
sunshine stroll : stephanie koch and daughter kadie , 3 , enjoy a walk through a rapeseed field in whitley bay today .
forecasters predict it will be the hottest weekend of the year .
find a space ... and relax !
britons made their way to parks , outdoor spaces and - of course - the coast to soak up the sun .
thousands found themselves jostling for position on the beach near brighton pier .
a scorcher !
thousands of sun worshippers flock to brighton beach today to bag themselves a spot in the sunshine and paddle in the water .
keeping cool : georgia , 8 , and evie , 3 , marriott enjoy an ice cream during the hot weather in heacham , norfolk .
in bournemouth , the beach was almost overrun with sun-worshippers basking in temperatures of up to 25c .
a weekend outside school holidays would normally see a maximum of 20,000 people heading to the town , but that number almost quadrupled yesterday .
a spokesman for bournemouth tourism said : ` this is what we have been waiting for .
the hotels and restaurants are looking forward to this weather continuing .
let 's hope it lasts .
' it was a similar picture in brighton , where tens of thousands of residents and visitors flocked to the beach .
adam bates , spokesman for visit brighton , said : ` it is absolutely heaving here .
there is a carnival atmosphere .
' the forecast for today is for more fine and dry weather .
river rush hour : people relaxing on the river cam in punts in cambridge as the heatwave continues this afternoon .
a kite surfer performs some impressive tricks at ryde