chelsea 's eden hazard and arsenal 's santi cazorla are set to reach a premier league milestone this weekend when they each make their 100th appearance .
both players have been hugely influential since they moved to london in the summer of 2012 , but who has been the most exciting import to watch ?
here , sportsmail 's reporters choose the player they most enjoy seeing in action .
eden hazard -lrb- l -rrb- and santi cazorla are both set to make their 100th premier league appearance this weekend .
lee clayton .
cazorla has wonderful balance .
so does hazard .
cazorla scores important goals .
so does hazard .
cazorla is two-footed .
so is hazard .
cazorla dances past opponents .
so does hazard .
so , while there is not a lot to choose between them and hazard is likely to get the most picks in this article , i am going for cazorla .
it 's a personal choice .
he is a wonderful footballer .
i have paid to watch them both -lrb- and i will pay to watch them both again -rrb- , but the little spanish magician edges it for me .
verdict : cazorla .
cazorla , pictured in action against burnley , has been an influential part of arsenal 's midfield this season .
ian ladyman .
i remember when manchester city baulked at paying hazard 's wages when the belgian was up for grabs in 2012 .
back then city thought the young forward had a rather high opinion of his own worth for a player who was yet to play in a major european league .
in the early days of his time at chelsea , it looked as though city may have been right .
he showed flashes of brilliance but also looked rather too easy to push off the ball .
roll forward to 2015 , however , and the 24-year-old has developed in to one of the most important players in the barclays premier league .
brave , strong and ambitious , hazard plays on the front foot and with only one thought in this mind .
rather like cristiano ronaldo , he has also developed in to the type of player ever defender hates , simply because he gets back up every time he is knocked to the ground .
he would get