by .
emma glanfield for mailonline .
karen danczuk , 31 , has gained thousands of followers by posting selfies on her twitter profile .
an mp 's wife who gained thousands of twitter followers after posting a number of selfies showing off her cleavage has taken to social media once again to reveal before-and-after bikini shots .
karen danczuk , 31 , who is married to rochdale labour mp simon danczuk , 47 , has uploaded two photos of her posing in swimwear for her 6,000 followers .
in one shot , the mother-of-two can be seen leaning over the poolside in a blue bikini while another shows her smiling to the camera in a one-piece .
the social media lover has posted dozens of photographs in recent months , mostly of her cleavage , and about 40 images alone since the beginning of july .
she accompanied the latest photo of herself in a bikini with the caption : ` #throwbackthursday - enjoyed my mini break to spain !
beautiful country , beautiful weather !
kd ' .
it was followed up a day later with a more recent photograph of herself in a swimming costume , with the message : ` absolutely love this swimming costume !!! it 's a little quirky an extravagant but i love it !!!! ' it is not the first time that mrs danczuk , a councillor in rochdale , has attracted national attention by posting images of herself online .
mrs danczuk posted this photo of herself in a bikini on twitter with the caption : ' #throwbackthursday - enjoyed my mini break to spain !
beautiful country , beautiful weather !
kd ' before posting a more recent swimwear shot .
mother-of-two and councillor karen danczuk , 31 , is married to rochdale labour mp simon danczuk , 47 .
she hit headlines earlier this year with her ` saucy ' twitter selfies , which she came out and defended after receiving criticism for trying to gain popularity .
at the time , mrs danczuk -- who also owns a deli in rochdale with her husband -- said the photos ` were n't supposed to be sexy ' .
she said : ` i 'm not an attention seeker .
i do n't roll out of clubs drunk .
i 'm not silly .
i 'm not a crazy party