a stunning new map that reveals a shrinking antarctica in unprecedented detail has been made available to the public .
the map , which was created by stitching together 3,150 individual satellite images , offers the most detailed view of the continent since 1997 .
by comparing it to earlier maps of the same regions , scientists have found large chunks of ice in the antarctic disappearing into the surrounding waters .
scroll down for interactive map .
the map , which was created by stitching together 3,150 individual satellite images , offers the most detailed view of the continent since 1997 .
the canadian space agency , along with the university of waterloo , collected the images over several months in 2008 aboard the radarsat-2 satellite .
the canadian space agency , along with the university of waterloo , collected the images over several months in 2008 aboard the radarsat-2 satellite .
this satellite was able to cut through cloud cover to get a more accurate reading .
its high-resolution images were then tiled together into a coast-to-coast view of the entire continent .
` these colours in a nutshell represent different physical characteristics of the ice , which the scientist can interpret , ' professor ellsworth ledrew , director of the canadian cryospheric information network , told emily gertz at popular science .
` it 's what is called polarimetric information .
it 's like looking through a camera 's polarising filter .
some wavelengths are up and down and some are side to side .
' this satellite was able to cut through cloud cover to get a more accurate reading .
its high-resolution images were then tiled together into a coast-to-coast view of the entire continent .
this image shows a closeup view of antarctica near the ronne ice shelf .
the antarctic ice sheet is more unstable than first thought with a recent study suggesting melting began 5,000 years earlier than previously believed .
the study was conducted by an international team including researchers from germany , canada , hawaii , lapland and australia .
it reveals that shrinking of the vast ice sheet accelerated during eight distinct periods between 20,000 and 9,000 years ago .
during one period 14,600 years ago , melting glaciers released so many icebergs into the ocean that sea level rose 6.5 ft -lrb- two metres -rrb- in just 100