espn host robert flores is the latest person to take a pot-shot at australian popstar iggy azalea over her huge success as a global hip hop star .
flores was presenting sportscenter on sunday evening when he made the wisecrack about azalea while talking about her boyfriend , l.a. lakers star nick young .
a couple of weeks ago , 24-year-old azalea had revealed that young is terrified of dolphins because one once tried to kill him .
flores was presenting sportscenter on sunday evening when he made the wisecrack about iggy azalea while talking about her boyfriend , l.a. lakers star nick young and his fear of dolphins .
basketball star nick young took to twitter to express his anger at flores for joking about his girlfriend .
` we learned that , according to the lakers ' nick young , a dolphin recently tried to kill him , ' said flores during the what did we learn ?
segment of sunday 's show .
` so , nick , while dolphins are trying to kill you , your girlfriend is trying to kill hip-hop .
let 's call it even , okay ?
' azalea has remained quiet on the dis after quitting twitter last month , but her boyfriend was far from amused at flores ' criticism .
` your job is to talk about sports , not what me and my chick got going on , ' he angrily tweeted .
young also appeared to threaten flores , tweeting ` we got a problem ' and ` i 'm pretty sure we are going to run into each other soon .
' appearing on the sedano and stink radio show on monday , flores appeared to downplay any possible ` beef ' between him and young and said the joke was ` all in good fun .
' the australian pop star has been accused by a number of hip hop artists including azealia banks , snoop dogg , q-tip , eve and soul singer jill scott of cultural appropriation .
flores however could n't resist continuing the joke and said that he was n't too worried about young 's apparent violent threat .
` if you look at his numbers , there is a 70 percent chance that -- if he takes a shot at me -- he 's going to miss .
i 'm