by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
21:52 est , 18 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
23:36 est , 18 december 2012 .
a pakistani-born man .
wanted to avenge the deaths of u.s. drone attacks in afghanistan by .
blowing up a new york city landmark but lacked the money and materials .
to carry out the plan , a federal prosecutor said tuesday .
assistant .
u.s. attorney karen gilbert said at a bail hearing that raees alam .
qazi , 20 , researched bomb-making techniques on internet sites affiliated .
with al-qaida , including one using christmas tree lights , and the fbi .
recorded phone calls and conversations linking qazi to a purported ` lone .
wolf ' plot .
` he fully intended to do this , .
and thankfully he did n't have enough money , ' gilbert said .
referring to .
casualties in u.s. drone attacks , she added : ` he wants to avenge those .
deaths and kill people .
' accused : brothers sheheryar alam qazi , 30 , and raees alam qazi , 20 , are charged with plotting to obtain a weapon of mass destruction in order to blow up a new york city landmark as revenge for u.s. drone attacks .
home base : terrorist suspect sheheryar qazi was listed as a resident of the sailboat pointe condominium complex in oakland park , florida .
qazi traveled to new .
york last month in hopes of getting a job to fund his terrorist plans , .
gilbert said , but wound up sleeping in public transportation , a mosque .
and in restaurants , and riding a bicycle around the city looking for .
potential targets .
he then decided to return home on a greyhound bus and .
was arrested after arriving back in south florida , she said .
qazi , .
a naturalized u.s. citizen who attended local florida public schools , .
confirmed many elements of the plot in a statement to fbi agents after .
his arrest in late november , gilbert said .
investigators also found .
bomb-making and related components at the qazi family home in oakland .
park , as well as explosives research evidence on a computer used by .
qazi .
qazi is charged along with his brother , .
30-year-old