by .
sarah harris .
published : .
20:20 est , 29 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
20:20 est , 29 december 2013 .
a call by the children 's commissioner for england for a total ban on smacking children has angered family campaigners .
maggie atkinson said smacking children should be made illegal because it was akin to ` physical abuse ' , and the current law gave pets and adults more rights to protection from violence than youngsters .
she sparked controversy by calling for a total ban which would see parents facing criminal action for corporal punishment .
maggie atkinson said smacking children should be made illegal because it was akin to ` physical abuse ' , and the current law gave pets and adults more rights to protection from violence than youngsters .
however , family campaigners claimed there were times when parents needed to smack young children because they were blatantly ignoring other punishments or warnings .
under current laws , it is illegal for a parent to smack a child if it leaves a bruise , but a lighter smack or ` reasonable chastisement ' are allowed .
dr atkinson said : ` personally , having been a teacher , and never having had an issue where i 'd need to use physical punishment , i believe we should move to ban it .
` in law you are forbidden from striking another adult , and from physically chastising your pets , but somehow there is a loophole around the fact that you can physically chastise your child .
' dr atkinson , who has two adult step-children , said that despite her strong feelings about the issue , her office was not planning to fight for a ban next year .
however , family campaigners claimed there were times when parents needed to smack young children because they were blatantly ignoring other punishments or warnings .
phillip noyes , of the nspcc , said : ` it 's right that we continue to push to get children equal protection in law .
` it would not be intended to criminalise good parents but to put into law what more and more parents are already moving towards -- finding better ways than smacking to discipline their children .
' but margaret morrissey , of family group parents outloud , branded dr