by .
damien gayle for mailonline .
slippers and gin : football legend paul gascoigne looking frail and weak carrying a bottle of gin and cigarettes in the town centre of bournemouth .
paul gascoigne has been kept in hospital four a four-day emergency detox to help him recover from his latest alcoholic breakdown .
the former england and tottenham hotspur footballer , 47 , has been in poole hospital since he collapsed outside his home in sandbanks , dorset , clutching a bottle of gin .
friends of gascoigne have said he is desperate for another stint of rehab , but following a string of failed business deals has no cash to check himself in .
gascoigne is set to be discharged from hospital tomorrow .
the sunday mirror claims relatives and friends will then rally round in an attempt to intervene to get him to change his self-destructive course .
he may then travel to the north east , his home region , to stay with his father , john , while he tries to battle his addiction .
the sun on sunday reports that gascoigne is desperate to return to the luxury u.s. rehab centre he attended last year after friends including chris evans raised # 40,000 to fund his treatment .
the paper 's reporter cites a ` mate ' of gascoigne as saying the fallen midfield magician has been spending hours on end at home drinking heavily and listening to amy winehouse 's tragically prescient song rehab on repeat .
the sun on sunday 's report appeared to contradict the sunday mirror 's , claiming that gascoigne would be taken straight from hospital to rehab , possibly the cottonwood clinic in arizona that he attended last year .
but the paper quoted a friend of the family as saying : ` they do n't know where they will get the money .
a lot of people wo n't be daft enough to put their hands in their pockets again .
' the sunday mirror reports gascoigne had been left depressed after he was rebuffed by several television channels he had approached in hopes of working as a world cup pundit .
he was also said to be upset at not being offered the chance to appear on any reality tv programmes .
` over the last few years he 's had many offers to appear