by .
craig mackenzie .
published : .
07:39 est , 1 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:58 est , 1 september 2013 .
controversy : tamera foster tweeted about smoking marijuana and has now been spoken to by x factor bosses .
teenage x factor singer tamera foster has been carpeted by tv bosses after boasting online about smoking marijuana , it emerged today .
the 16-year-old posted pictures of what appeared to be an unlit cannabis joint and tweeted about the effect of smoking ` zoom ' - marijuana coated in the class-a drug pcp .
in one tweet she wrote : ` woiiii i just woke up :o that zoom last night put me to sleeeeeep garddd .
' in another she wrote : ` time to fly high with my sis @livvsparkerx ' .
under the picture on her twitter account she made several references to ` mary jane ' - slang for cannabis .
x factor chiefs have spoken to her and she is understood to be ` mortified ' .
her account has now been suspended .
tamera , from gravesend , kent , has been tipped to be a major star with judge gary barlow telling her on tonight 's second show : ` you have potential beyond belief ' .
a programme spokesman told the sunday mirror : ` the x factor does not condone the use of drugs in any way and appropriate action will be taken against anyone found to be taking drugs while under our care .
' boasting : tweet from tamera foster on her twitter account which has been suspended following the controversy over her bragging about drugs .
tweet from x factor singer tamera foster which showed what appeared to be an unlit joint .
on january 13 , tamera reposted the picture of the ` joint ' on her twitter account - @diortee - with the words : ` this would please me right now .
' tipped for stardom : tamera foster has been given a talking to by show bosses for bragging about smoking marijuana .
the paper reported she posted another picture of herself with a friend pointing out the effects marijuana can have , writing : ` flying high with my homie presh .
just look at my eyes mate .
' in another tweet , she wrote