by .
sarah griffiths .
a young date palm named methuselah has blossomed for the third time after a 2,000-year old seed was planted eight years ago .
the ancient seeds , one of which has produced methuselah , were discovered in a clay jar at the site of herod the great 's fortified palace in masada , israel in 1973 .
while the seeds languished in a drawer of tel aviv 's bar-ilan university for years , one was eventually planted in 2005 and have proved sceptics wrong after producing a seedling - effectively resurrecting a plant last seen in bibical times .
the only example of a judean date palm located at kibbutz ketura , israel .
it was germinated in 2005 from a 2000 year-old seed found in the masada excavations , and is nicknamed methuselah .
botanical researcher elaine solowey said it looks similar to its modern relatives apart from the length of its third leaf .
botanical researcher elaine solowey with help from the louis l. borick natural medicine centre at hadassah hospital in jerusalem , sowed the seed that has now produced the rare and ancient plant .
she told popular archaeology : ` when we asked if we could try and grow some of them , they said , `` you 're mad , '' but they gave us three seeds .
' ` lotus seeds over 1,000 years old have .
been sprouted , and i realised that no one had done any similar work with .
dates , so why not give it our best shot and we were rewarded .
' the researcher planed the seed as soon as she received it and it blossomed for the first time in 2011 .
the ruins of the mezada are pictured - a geological mesa at the edge of the judean desert that rises in 1300 foot cliffs above the level of the dead sea .
herod the great began developing palaces , fortifications , and storehouses on mezada in 37 bce and the ancient seeds were found at the site .
masada is an ancient fortification in the southern district of israel situated on top of an isolated rock plateau -lrb- akin to a mesa -rrb- on the eastern edge of the judaean desert , overlooking the dead sea .
herod the great built palaces for himself on the mountain and