by .
nick mashiter , press association .
head coach alan irvine has warned west brom that southampton 's summer fire sale has not torched the saints ' threat .
southampton side have sold around # 100million worth of players - including adam lallana , rickie lambert and dejan lovren to liverpool , luke shaw to manchester united and calum chambers to arsenal - during the close season .
they host the baggies in the barclays premier league on saturday after losing their opening game under ronald koeman , going down 2-1 at liverpool .
wary : west brom manager alan irvine has warned about southampton 's threat despite a summer exodus .
exodus : saints manager ronald koeman was happy to see star assets depart the club over the summer .
at the double : saido berahino scored twice as west brom drew 2-2 with sunderland on the opening day .
positive start : # 10.9 m signing dusan tadic looked impressive on debut at liverpool last weekend .
but irvine has told his side the saints , who have spent # 10.9 million on dusan tadic from fc twente and # 8million on graziano pelle from feyenoord , are still dangerous .
` having been at anfield last sunday and watched how well they played and watched how many chances they were able to create at a really difficult place i think they can more than survive , ' he said .
' i think they could have a very good season .
they have spent the money very wisely and replaced very good players with very good players .
' i was very impressed with how they played at anfield .
not many teams go to anfield and make it go quiet but that certainly happened during periods of the game .
` they deserved something out of the game last week and i believe it will be a very tough place for teams to go this season .
' on target : nathaniel clyne -lrb- right -rrb- scored at anfield , in a game southampton dominated for long spells .
danger man : graziano pelle was signed for # 8m from feyenoord .
koeman has replaced lambert with former baggie shane long in a # 12million deal from hull .
the republic of ireland striker only joined hull from albion in january , scoring four goals