by .
james rush .
published : .
23:40 est , 4 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:25 est , 5 june 2013 .
a 3,000-year-old burial site has been found to contain the remains of migrants from as far away as scandinavia and the western mediterranean .
archaeologists conducting a study of bronze age residents found three distinct groups in the burial pits at cliffs end farm , near pegwell bay , kent .
using analysis of oxygen and strontium isotopes in tooth enamel the researchers found while one group had been born locally , the other two groups came from much further afield .
research at the burial site in kent found migrants from scandinavia and western europe had been buried there .
a total of 25 people , aged between 6 and 55 at the time of their death , were found in the pits , according to the times .
the isotopes , which are derived from drinking water , can be used to identify where the individual was living at the time their tooth enamel formed .
the researchers found a group of nine spent their lives in the local area , while eight were believed to have been born in what is now southern norway or sweden .
another five came from the western mediterranean , possibly spain or even north africa .
mike pitts , editor of british archaeology , which will publish the research today , said : ` this is the first burial site of its type that we 've found and it reveals that britain was always part of a bigger landscape that includes most of europe .
' mr pitts said the site at cliffs end farm was unusual as the majority of bronze age burials were cremations .
a total of 25 people , aged between 6 and 55 at the time of their death , were found in the pits at pegwell bay .
the burials at this site however , which range from the early bronze age to the middle iron age , a period of 900 years , had seen people buried with animals in carefully posed positions .
one woman , in her 50s , is thought to have been a ` willing sacrifice ' , killed by sword blows to her head .
pippa bradley , from wessex archaeology ,