by .
simon cable .
published : .
18:04 est , 17 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:15 est , 18 july 2013 .
the former england captain said there should be ` compulsory education for townies about what happens in the country ' he is almost as well known for his laid-back persona as he is for his prowess on the cricket field .
but david gower has directed a furious broadside at britain 's ` townies ' , whom he claims are ignorant of countryside issues and should be tested on rural affairs before being allowed to vote .
the former england captain said there should be ` compulsory education for townies about what happens in the country ' .
he said : ` it 'd be really good for town and country folk , when they 're at school , to learn more about each other .
there 'd be a low-level exam .
if you fail twice , you 're not allowed to vote .
unless you understand the issues , you 're not qualified .
' mr gower , who lives in a sprawling mansion in hampshire , also attacked politicians who are ` allergic to grass ' , saying they make unpopular decisions about countryside matters .
the 56-year-old said : ` the rural economy has kept many employed , happy and healthy for a long time .
' i live in the country and find it irritating when issues that affect it are decided by city dwellers , many of whom love tarmac , are allergic to grass and find it hard to understand where morris dancing comes from .
' the cricketer lives in braishfield , romsey , with his icelandic wife thorunn and two daughters , alexandra , 19 and sammi , 17 .
he made the comments to reader 's digest magazine .
he also defended the controversial countryside pursuits of fox hunting and pheasant shooting , saying they provided an effective form of pest control and conservation .
mr gower , who lives in a sprawling mansion in hampshire , also attacked politicians who are ` allergic to grass ' mr gower , irreverently nicknamed lord .
gower because of his aristocratic ancestry and public school education , .
said : ` i 'd permit fox hunting and encourage tolerance of other country .
pursuits .