new york governor andrew cuomo kicked off his second term on thursday , saying he is governing in ` troubled times ' and that education , the economy and rebuilding public trust in law enforcement would top his agenda over the next four years .
he lauded his first term as a success , saying the state now has a record 7.6 million jobs , a $ 5 billion budget surplus , effective and smart gun control laws , marriage equality and expanded healthcare that reaches 1.5 million people .
` even with all we have done our task is far from complete , ' cuomo said in his inaugural address at the newly opened 1 world trade center in manhattan , built after the twin towers of new york 's original world trade center were destroyed in the september 11 , 2001 attacks .
scroll down for video .
second shot : new york governor andrew cuomo arrives for his inaugural ceremony at one world trade center in new york on new years day with his girlfriend , sandra lee .
best behavior : cuomo urged new yorkers to lead by example through some of the nation 's worst problems .
troubled : cuomo said he was serving the city during ` troubled times ' new york governor andrew cuomo -lrb- left -rrb- embraces new york city mayor bill de blasio during his inaugural ceremony at one world trade center in new york on thursday .
cuomo said education has become ` the great discriminator , ' and that there are two education systems in new york , one for the rich and one for the poor .
the governor also addressed the protests that followed a grand jury 's decision not to indict a white new york city policeman in last summer 's chokehold death of eric garner , an unarmed black man .
he did not mention garner by name , but said public trust in law enforcement needs to be rebuilt ` both in perception and reality .
' the city has been beset by protests since the grand jury decision in november .
weeks later , a gunman vowing to avenge garner 's death killed two nypd officers sitting in their patrol car .
` the truth is the justice system does need review , there are troubling questions that need to be answered ,