by .
michael seamark .
published : .
16:03 est , 14 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
04:50 est , 15 september 2012 .
the british royal family is a favourite target of french celebrity magazines .
twenty years ago , at another private villa in the south of france , sarah ferguson found herself in the paparazzi viewfinder .
lying topless on a sun-lounger , she was photographed having her toes sucked by her texan financial adviser , john bryan .
royal target : sarah ferguson , right , was photographed topless having her toes suck by her texan financial adviser john bryan , left , 20 years ago .
publication of the images spelled the end of her marriage to the duke of york and signalled the start of a frenzied pursuit of the royals by french photographers , which culminated in the death of diana in paris .
a year after the infamous fergie snaps , the french magazine paris match and a photographer were ordered to pay her and bryan the relatively trifling sum of # 84,000 for taking the poolside photographs of them without their permission .
end of marriage : the publication of the infamous photos spelled the end of fergie 's marriage to the duke of york , right pictured together on their engagement day in 1986 .
snapped naked : a naked photo of prince charles at a friend 's chateau near avignon was published in paris match and german paper bild in 1994 .
then , in 1994 , it was the turn of the .
prince of wales .
a photograph of him naked on holiday at a friend 's .
chateau near avignon was published in paris match and the german paper .
bild .
it showed charles standing at a window of his room after going .
swimming with only a white towelling robe thrown over his shoulder .
other pictures in the french magazine showed the prince on a sun-lounger in swimming trunks and dark glasses .
the prince had spent time at the chateau every summer and been pictured through the same window four years earlier by a platoon of paparazzi who had their long lenses trained on him from a nearby olive grove .
his detectives had supervised the setting up of a ` privacy screen ' in the chateau grounds but