veteran keeper shay given is hoping the republic of ireland can blow euro 2016 qualifying group d wide open by getting the better of surprise leaders poland on sunday .
ireland entertain the unbeaten poles at the aviva stadium desperate to bounce back from november 's 1-0 defeat in scotland , their first reverse of the campaign to date .
with world champions germany still favourites to finish top of the pile despite a less than auspicious start , the race for the second automatic qualification spot is well and truly on .
veteran keeper shay given hopes the republic of ireland can surprise leaders poland on sunday .
republic of ireland goalkeepers david forde and shay given during the training session at gannon park .
given said : ` it is huge .
it 's a big week building up to it now as well .
it 's one of the biggest games we will play in the whole qualifying campaign .
` of course , poland are a great team , but we are at home and we have got to use that advantage and try to get the win .
` it 's not must-win yet , but it 's must-not-lose , i suppose .
we have all been here before in this situation the the qualifying campaign .
we know how important it is .
republic of ireland 's darren randolf , david forde , cyrus christie and richard keogh during training .
` it is a huge game , of course , and ideally you want to win your home games and take some points on the road as well .
' after victories over georgia and gibraltar , the republic returned from germany with a creditable 1-1 draw , only to succumb to shaun maloney 's strike at celtic park in their final qualifier of 2014 .
their next two games in the group see them entertain the poles and the scots in dublin and only a healthy return will see them maintain pace with the pace-setters .
republic of ireland 's stephen quinn and kevin doyle during the training session at gannon park .
republic of ireland manager martin o'neill during the training session at gannon park .
martin o'neill 's men are locked together with the germans and the scots on seven points , three behind poland .
striker daryl murphy is