by .
tara brady .
a robber has been jailed for life after a member of the public spotted him trying to hold up a bank with a fake gun .
andrew fernandez 's life of crime came to an end when he walked in to the lloyds bank in coulsdon , croydon , in november only to be detained by customer james rowley until police arrived and arrested him .
fernandez , of no fixed abode , who had pleaded guilty to two counts of robbery and one count of attempted robbery was sentenced to life imprisonment at kingston crown court while mr rowley has won a # 1,200 police bravery award for helping to trap him .
scroll down for video .
cctv footage of andrew fernandez -lrb- left -rrb- who has been jailed for life after a member of the public james rowley -lrb- right -rrb- spotted him trying to hold up a bank with a fake gun .
wearing a motorcycle helmet , fernandez , 47 , demanded money from the cashier and threatened her with what appeared to be a hand gun .
mr rowley , who was also inside the bank at the time , spotted the gun was a fake and told fernandez to leave .
fernandez did not take the hint and kept threatening the cashier .
it was only after mr rowley challenged him that fernandez decided to flee - on a push bike .
the getaway failed as mr rowley , helped by a friend who was in a nearby van , chased him down and held him until the police arrived .
cctv footage shows andrew fernandez -lrb- right -rrb- and james rowley -lrb- left -rrb- in the lloyds bank .
mr rowley told detectives he had seen fernandez throw something into a nearby building site .
they later found the fake firearm and detectives from the metropolitan police 's flying squad were able to link fernandez with two , almost identical robberies .
fernandez pleaded guilty to two counts of robbery and one count of .
attempted robbery .
the first robbery took place on july 12 , 2013 in the broadway , mill hill , barnet while the second robbery took place on september 27 , 2013 in garston park parade , watford , hertfordshire .
fernandez was subsequently charged with two additional counts of robbery and