tobias bowen who is accused of child rape in the u.s. , has been allowed to stay in britain because his human rights could be breached if he is extradited .
a fugitive foreign doctor accused of child rape in the u.s. has been allowed to stay in britain - in case the americans lock him up for too long .
judges ruled it would be a breach of tobias bowen 's human rights if they agreed to his extradition .
the 48-year-old fled new york for africa four years ago while on $ 10,000 bail charged with two counts of raping a child .
detectives working with the u.s. marshals fugitive task force tracked his travels , which included a stay in holland , and he was taken into custody at heathrow when he visited britain in april last year .
westminster magistrates ' court yesterday heard that he had since settled in milton keynes with his wife and young family -- making britain his ` safe haven ' .
daniel sternberg , acting on behalf of the american authorities , told the court : ` bowen is undoubtedly a fugitive from justice from the legal powers of the united states .
` he was granted bail for a huge amount of $ 10,000 and subsequently left the country in 2010 .
` he was given bail and released and his record is not good , he has not attended court and travelled in liberia and the netherlands .
' but , in a judgment likely to spark outrage in america , magistrates ruled that bowen 's ` right to liberty and security ' under the european convention on human rights was at threat from his extradition .
district judge margaret rose rejected claims that putting him on a plane would breach either his right to a fair trial or his freedom of expression .
but she added : ` however , his article 5 right to liberty and security would be at risk if he were to go back and convicted in new york state and face indefinite imprisonment , therefore he is discharged .
his defence lawyer , malcolm hawkes , said the reference to article 5 meant there was a fear his client would be placed in indefinite detention if he went back to the us .
the u.s. is expected to lodge an immediate appeal