teresa sheldon has appeared in court charged with murdering son tommy -lrb- pictured -rrb- and the attempted murder of another child who was also in the car .
the mother of a five-year-old boy who died from fatal burns caused in a horrific car fire has been charged with his murder and the attempted murder of another child who managed to escape the flames .
teresa sheldon , 38 , from dartford , kent , has appeared in court charged with murdering her son tommy and the attempted murder of another child who was also in the blazing ford fiesta .
tommy died two weeks after suffering horrendous burns in the fireball on a country lane in hursley , near winchester in hampshire .
two passers-by spotted the blazing hatchback and rushed to help when they spotted the little boy still inside the car .
the pair bravely battled against the intensity of the flames and managed to open one of the doors of the car to reach tommy .
the schoolboy was treated at the scene before being taken to southampton general hospital and on to a specialist burns unit in bristol .
his mother was also taken to hospital for treatment after suffering serious injuries in the fire on august 11 last year .
despite the best efforts of medics tommy , from southampton , died from his injuries on august 25 .
another child who was in the silver-coloured car managed to escape and survived .
an inquest was opened in september by central hampshire coroner grahame short but was adjourned while detectives from hampshire police 's major crime team launched a murder inquiry .
sheldon has been charged with her son 's murder along with manslaughter by diminished responsibility .
she also faces a charge of the attempted murder of the other child , who can not be identified for legal reasons .
judge keith cutler remanded sheldon , who gave her address as dartford , kent , in custody at the hearing at winchester crown court .
she is due back before the crown court in june .
sheldon is also charged with the attempted murder of another child who was in the ford fiesta -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
despite the best efforts of medics tommy , from southampton , died from his injuries on august 25 .
sorry we are not currently accepting comments