a new book has lifted the lid on the womanizing ways of bob hope , claiming the stage and screen veteran ` often cheated ' during his 69-year marriage and enjoyed numerous flings with with iconic actresses like doris day and lucille ball .
the biography , hope : entertainer of the century , by richard zoglin , details the many one-night stands and even relationships he carried on with his outside of his union to dolores reade hope , who he married in 1934 .
the book claims the couple were never officially married , despite there assertions , and there is no proof they ever walked down the aisle , according to the new york post .
but perhaps the most shocking revelation was an affair hope reportedly had with rosemarie frankland , a welsh beauty queen .
scroll down for video .
` great love ' : of his many supposed affairs , actor and comedian bob hope is said to have had a relationship lasting ` almost 30 years ' with beauty queen rosemarie frankland , who he crowned miss world in 1961 -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
flashback : american comic and film actor bob hope is seen here in 1939 his wife dolores in london .
admirers : bob hope performs for the troops with singer barbara mcnair in 1968 .
hope crowned her miss world in 1961 and the relationship blossomed - for the next 30 years , the book claims .
hope ` took frankland on his 1961 christmas trip to the arctic , supported her when she moved to los angeles to pursue a film career and gave her a small part in his 1965 movie i 'll take sweden , ' zoglin wrote .
a former publicist for hope told the biographer that hope referred to frankland ` the great love of his life ' .
while it is not known what finally caused the two to part ways , frankland was found dead of a drug overdose in her shabby la apartment in 2000 .
next to her body was an empty bottle of pills and an empty bottle of tequila .
arguably hope 's most high-profile affar was with the incomparable doris day .
fling : hope is said to have had a brief relationship with co-star doris day , but the actress and singer called it off .