the billionaire casino mogul who has breathed new life into newt gingrich 's presidential campaign with millions of dollars in donations is facing a federal investigation over whether his company violated the foreign corrupt practices act , which prohibits bribing foreign officials .
the investigation stems from a lawsuit filed by a former executive at the sands macau in china , the company has said .
steven c. jacobs claims he was told the keep quiet about investigations of local officials and the possible presence of the triads - chinese organized crime - in the casino .
sheldon adelson , who founded and runs las vegas sands corp -- one of the largest casino and resort companies in the world , has denied the allegations in the lawsuit and said the company is cooperating with federal investigators .
big supporter : sheldon adelson -lrb- left -rrb- has propped up newt gingrich 's campaign with $ 10 million in donations to the former house speaker 's super pac .
adelson has donated an estimated $ 10 million to gingrich 's super pac ` winning our future ' and promised to give up to $ 20 million .
worth an estimated $ 21 billion , adelson is the eighth richest man in america and has almost single-handedly financed gingrich 's second campaign surge .
the large donation has allowed gingrich supporters to buy tv ads in key states , helping the former house speaker to defeat mitt romney in the south carolina republican primary .
but the attention has brought adelson 's business practices into the spotlight .
the lawsuit was filed in october 2010 and the company announced the federal inquiry in march of last year .
allegations : the former head of the sands macau casino -lrb- pictured -rrb- filed a lawsuit against adelson 's company after he was fired .
adelson addressed the concerns at a public forum last year saying the investigation is ` not a serious matter .
' ` when the smoke clears , i am 1,000 percent positive that there wo n't be any fire below it , ' he said , according to abc news .
the securities and exchange commission and the department of justice began looking into las vegas sands corp. as a result of allegations about its practices at sands macau casino and hotel , which operates on the chinese island