the deadly ebola virus could spread across the world infecting people from the u.s. to china within three weeks , scientists have warned .
there is a 50 per cent chance a traveller carrying the disease could touch down in the uk by october 24 , a team of u.s. researchers have predicted .
using ebola spread patterns and airline traffic data they have calculated the odds of the virus spreading across the world .
they estimate there is a 75 per cent chance ebola will reach french shores by october 24 .
and belgium has a 40 per cent chance of seeing the disease arrive on its territory , while spain and switzerland have lower risks of 14 per cent each .
the virus is spreading rapidly across west africa , with more than 3,400 people known to have died and 7,500 infected .
scroll down for videos .
a team of scientists at northeastern university in boston have used air travel information to predict where the deadly ebola virus could reach in the next three weeks .
scientists predicted there is a 50 per cent chance the ebola virus will reach the uk and a 75 per cent chance it will reach france by october 24 .
the disease is spreading rapidly across west africa , with more than 3,400 people known to have died and 7,500 infected .
using ebola spread patterns and airline traffic data a team of u.s. scientists have calculated the odds of the virus spreading across the world .
volunteers in monrovia , liberia are pictured carrying a man , suspected of having the virus , to a health centre in the capital .
the numbers are based on air travel remaining at full capacity , and are being constantly updated by the researchers , who last reviewed the figures based on data from october 1 .
but assuming there is an 80 per cent reduction in travel to reflect that many airlines are halting flights to affected regions , the scientists predict france 's risk is still 25 per cent , and the uk 's is 15 per cent .
but the researchers , whose work is published in the journal plos , said the risks change every day the epidemic continues .
professor alessandro vespignani of northeastern university in boston , who led the research , said : ` this is