a struggling single mother thought she 'd been blessed by god when a new friend offered her baby clothes , but authorities say that it was this chance encounter that left natalia robert 's child an orphan .
not long before she 'd be found dead from a gunshot to the back of the head , roberts , 30 , had called her mother ecstatic over her new friend .
authorities say those offers were part .
of catherine goins ' twisted plot to lure roberts to her death , kidnap her .
two children , and claim them as her own .
scroll down for video .
twisted plot : catherine goins , 37 -lrb- left -rrb- , is facing murder charges after police say she shot dead mother-of-two natalia roberts -lrb- right -rrb- , 30 , so she could claim her two children as her own .
roberts ' uncle benny robert said his niece believed she had just been given a blessing when the woman who later killed her said she wanted to offer her baby clothes .
lured to her death : officials say goins brought roberts to her ex-boyfriend 's house in la fayette , georgia , under the pretense of wanting to give her some baby clothes .
roberts ' uncle , benny roberts , relayed the sad details of that conversation to the atlanta journal constitution saturday .
` she called her mother and told her that something real good had just happened , ' benny roberts told reporters shortly after his niece 's funeral .
` she was excited about the baby clothes that had been offered to her and how good god was , ' he said .
law .
enforcement officials in catoosa county held a press conference .
wednesday morning unveiling the charges against goins , 37 .
` it was like a made-for-tv movie , ' benny roberts said .
goins , .
of hixson , tennessee , had pretended she was pregnant and called police .
last friday claiming she had shot an intruder inside her ex-boyfriend 's .
home .
but an investigation has revealed that goins ' home invasion story was nothing but a lie concocted to cover up a disturbing abduction plan , catoosa county sherif gary sisk told reporters , according to the station wrcb .
investigators say goins met natalia roberts ,