by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
11:32 est , 22 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:45 est , 22 may 2013 .
a singapore company supervisor has been caught on camera repeatedly slapping a male intern to help ` build up his confidence ' .
the 17 second clip has gone viral after a disgruntled staff member uploaded it to the internet to reveal the shocking treatment of his colleagues .
police have confirmed an official complaint has been lodged against the supervisor who works at a software company .
scroll down to watch video .
undercover recording : a singapore company supervisor has bee caught on camera slapping an intern .
brutal : the supervisor 's arm can be seen to make contact with the intern 's head as he launches his attack .
the ministry of manpower said it has also been alerted over alleged abuse in the workplace .
the video entitled ` singapore office bully ' was first uploaded to the video-sharing website youtube on may 18 and already has more than 17,000 views .
the recording shows the boss slap a 29-year-old intern before a fellow employee intervenes .
but when the other worker walks away , the supervisor van be seen to strike the intern another three times .
a fellow intern who filmed the video said in a posting on an online forum that he had noticed the supervisor ` constantly bullying ' his co-worker soon after starting his internship .
he claims that when he confronted his boss , the supervisor explained that ` there is a story behind ' the abuse .
teaching a lesson : the supervisor claimed he was trying to overcome the intern 's inferiority complex .
` he said that my colleague apparently has an inferiority complex and apparently my supervisor is trying to ` nurture ' him to get over it , ' he said .
' i felt this was stupid , as how can you nurture someone by hitting them ?
my co-worker is very timid and seems like the kind of guy that will not stand up for himself .
' the straits times reported today that after the video went viral , two former interns in the same company also came out to say they had worked in fear under the supervisor .
local chinese-language newspaper