by .
emma thomas .
published : .
06:25 est , 31 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:13 est , 31 october 2013 .
children could be given the right to end their own lives in belgium as the government considers new euthanasia laws .
euthanasia is already legal for people over the age of 18 in the country and now it may be extended to cover children which is something no other country has done .
the same bill would offer the right to die to adults with early dementia .
new law : euthanasia is already legal for people over the age of 18 in the country and now it may be extended to cover children -lrb- picture posed by models -rrb- .
advocates argue that euthanasia for children , with the consent of their parents , is necessary to give families an option in a desperately painful situation .
but opponents have questioned whether children can reasonably decide to end their own lives .
belgium is already a euthanasia pioneer and it legalized the practice for adults in 2002 .
in the last decade , the number of reported cases per year has risen from 235 deaths in 2003 to 1,432 in 2012 , the last year for which statistics are available .
doctors typically give patients a powerful sedative before injecting another drug to stop their heart .
only a few countries across the globe have legalised euthanasia .
in the netherlands , euthanasia is legal under specific circumstances and for children over the age of 12 with parental consent .
there is an understanding that infants , too , can be euthanized , and that doctors will not be prosecuted if they act appropriately .
elsewhere in europe , euthanasia is only legal in luxembourg .
assisted suicide , where doctors help a patient to die but do not actively kill them , is allowed in switzerland .
in the us , the state of oregon also grants assisted suicide requests for residents aged 18 or over with a terminal illness .
controversial : the dignitas clinic in switzerland .
elsewhere in europe , euthanasia is only legal in luxembourg .
assisted suicide , where doctors help a patient to die but do not actively kill them , is allowed in switzerland .
belgium 's ruling socialist party has proposed the bill