by .
jonny singer .
follow @@ jonny_singer .
england captain alastair cook took his first ever test match wicket on the final evening of the first test against india on sunday .
with three overs left in the day , and the match certain to end as a draw , cook opted to bowl himself from one end , and gary ballance from the other .
in a light-hearted end to a test that rarely looked like producing a result , the england skipper produced an over of questionable offspin , before steaming in with some slow medium pace and having ishant sharma caught behind in his second over .
experimental : cook comes in to bowl his first over in a test match since 2008 on day five of the first test .
how 's that ?
the england skipper appeals after sharma nicks him to prior who takes the catch .
delight : cook celebrates his maiden test wicket after sharma gets a faint touch on a ball down the leg side .
dual action : cook 's first over was slow off-spin which caused few problems before he switched to medium pace .
gesture : cook holds up the ball which took the famous wicket to the crowd as the match ended in a draw .
all smiles : the players saw the funny side of things as the england captain brought himself on to bowl .
sharma got a faint edge on a ball which drifted down the leg side , leaving cook with figures of 1-6 from his two overs .
it was cook 's first bowl since 2008 , when he bowled a single over against south africa at lord 's .
happy ending : the excitement was palpable as the england captain picked up a wicket .
relief : cook pointed to the dressing room as he finished a difficult test on an unexpected high .
raucous : the skipper reacted with unbridled joy to his first ever test scalp .
bowling machine : gary ballance appeals during his one over , which proved quite threatening .
he does however have six first class wickets , at an average of 34 , including an impressive best of 3-13 .
ballance , who bowled a reasonable over from the other end , has never taken a wicket at any level .