by .
james rush .
emerging from its den with its mother , a polar bear cub raises its head above the snow and looks out at the freezing world it calls home .
wildlife photographer christine haines captured the images after she spent eight days watching the den .
her patience in the biting cold of the wapusk national park in manitoba , canada , was rewarded when she managed to capture pictures of first a cub , then its mother peeking out of their hole .
above the snow : a polar bear mother lifts her head above the snow after caring for her cub in their den .
peek-a-boo !
a polar bear cub pokes its head out of its den after a photographer spent eight days waiting at the wapusk national park in manitoba , canada .
sniffing for danger : the cub 's mother also poked her head out of the den before sniffing the air to check for any danger , such as wolves .
she said : ' i was there to photograph polar bear mothers and cubs emerging from their den .
i watched a den for eight days in minus 40 degree temperatures with wind chill .
` the image i call `` playing peek-a-boo with the photographer '' was the first time the cub looked out of its den .
this was on day seven .
' she said on the eighth day both the cub and its mother finally peeked out the den at susnset .
she said : ` the mother was sniffing the air to check for any danger like wolves .
patience needed : wildlife photographer christine haines captured the images after she spent eight days watching the den .
journey : the photographer said the cub and its mother may stay around the den for a couple of days to allow the young bear to build up its strength before making the journey to hudson bay in manitoba .
above ground : photographer christine haines said : ` the image i call `` playing peek-a-boo with the photographer '' was the first time the cub looked out of its den .
this was on day seven ' ` photographing wildlife can be challenging and frustrating , but i did capture the mother and cub peeking out of their den in nice lighting .
` it