by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
11:53 est , 22 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
13:15 est , 22 january 2014 .
the two runaway teenagers who sparked an international manhunt after sneaking out of their boarding school have enjoyed an eighth day in the caribbean , where they do n't seem in any great hurry to return home .
edward bunyan , 16 , and his girlfriend indira gainiyeva , .
17 , were today pictured strolling in the sunshine at the five-star beach occidental grande resort in punta cana in the dominican republic .
whatever punishments their parents have in store appear to have been put on hold , although a chaperone , believed to be edward 's older brother , was sticking close to their side .
fun in the sun : runaway teenagers edward bunyan and indira gainiyeva saunter through their luxury caribbean resort , albeit under the watchful eye of a chaperone , believed to be edward 's older brother .
smirk : edward bunyan cracks a smiles as he is pictured wandering through the five-star occidental grande resort in punta cana in the dominican republic .
the runaways were wearing the same clothes they have been seen in a day earlier , suggesting they had not had much time to pack before they made their bolt for freedom on monday last week .
the pair are facing expulsion from the # 30,000-a-year stonyhurst college in .
clitheroe , lancashire .
head teacher andrew johnson said he was ` delighted ' they had been found , but has refused to discuss what might happen on their return .
the runaways were pictured in the same clothes they were seen in a day earlier suggesting they had not had much time to pack before making their bolt to freedom .
yesterday they were pictured having a tense-looking meal with edward 's mother , susannah bunyan , who had flown out to help the search .
the pair are believed to have ran up an estimated # 3,000 credit card bill after they sneaked out .
of school last monday and flying to spain where they caught at second flight to the caribbean .
keeping his head down : edward bunyan sparked an international manhunt when he sneaked out of school with girlfriend indira gainiyeva .
they initially checked in to