by .
rachel quigley , mark duell and thomas durante .
last updated at 2:46 pm on 17th december 2011 .
city and federal agencies are looking into a freak power surge as the possible cause of a horrific elevator tragedy that left a madison avenue advertising executive crushed to death .
suzanne hart , 41 , of brooklyn , new york , was killed on wednesday in a freak accident when the elevator malfunctioned at the manhattan offices of ad agency young and rubicam .
ms hart was caught as the lift suddenly shot up , crushing her between floors of the madison avenue building .
tragic : suzanne hart , 41 , of brooklyn , new york , was killed on wednesday when the lift malfunctioned at the manhattan offices of ad agency y&r .
now , regulators are looking into the possibility of a power surge that may have sent the elevator jerking out-of-control and rendering its safety devices useless .
an elevator industry source told the new york daily news that miss hart 's death was a horrific freak accident .
the source told the paper that the chance of an elevator jerking upward just as she was entering is a ` billion to one ' .
meanwhile , the company responsible for maintenance at several other buildings where workers are reporting trouble with the transports has come under the microscope .
the new york post reported saturday that transel elevator , inc , is responsible for the upkeep of lifts at dozens of manhattan buildings .
one of them is 95 park avenue , where some workers said they ride at their own risk .
romeo cortinas , who works on the building 's 15th floor , told the post : ` it 's horrible .
it jerks , skips floors , sinks , stops .
it does what it wants when it wants .
' mr cortinas added : ` every time i ride it , it 's an adventure .
' victim : ms hart was crushed to death in the freak elevator incident at her office on wednesday .
yesterday , investigators said they were looking at work done by transel on the elevator shortly before the accident .
tony sclafani , a spokesman for the city department of buildings , told the post : ` this work has now become the