gentlemen really do prefer blondes .
according to new research , the average american male would describe their ` perfect woman ' as having blonde hair , blue eyes and - perhaps surprisingly - a graduate degree .
the survey , which was conducted by dating auction website whatsyourprice.com , also revealed that the majority of men prefer non-smokers , and , in an ideal world , would rather that their date was more of a social drinker , rather than someone who indulged in alcohol on a regular basis .
celebrity status : the average u.s. male 's ideal woman has blonde hair and blue eyes , like supermodels gigi hadid -lrb- l -rrb- and candice swanepoel -lrb- r -rrb- .
each of the 145,000 men who took part in the poll , were asked to attach a specific financial value to each attribute in order to come up with a total ` cost ' for their ideal first date .
for example , blonde hair was valued at an average of $ 59.31 , while a slender body came in at $ 55.43 .
but the most valued attribute of all was a graduate degree ; the average price men were willing to pay to date a woman who had boasts a post-graduate qualification was a whopping $ 59.90 .
` the perfect woman must possess both style and substance , ' says brandon wade , founder and ceo of the site .
blonde ambition : the majority of men surveyed prefer non-smokers who only indulge in alcohol during social situations .
` the study confirms that men are willing to spend just as much on a woman 's intellect and education as her physical qualities .
' models gigi hadid and candice swanepoel possess the same physical ideals that were highly ranked throughout the study .
in addition to meeting the strict physical criteria , gigi , 19 , is currently studying for a degree in criminal psychology at the new school in new york city .
whatsyourprice.com calculated how money money its male members were willing to offer to date a woman with specific traits .
according to the data , men would pay an average of : .
$ 59.31 for blonde hair .
$ 54.92 for blue eyes .
$ 55.43 for a slender body .
$ 51.16 for a non-smoker .
$ 49.67