they were supposed to be ordinary people appearing on a labour political broadcast , venting their fury at energy price hikes .
but closer inspection reveals that , far from being average citizens , the participants actually included a millionaire restaurant owner and a guardian journalist .
the party broadcast last night featured interviews with people struggling to pay fuel bills .
one of them was beresford casey , owner of a posh burger chain , who lives in the plush primrose hill area of north london -- half a mile from ed miliband 's childhood home .
scroll down for video .
jack monroe , blogger and campaigner , appeared in the labour party broadcast .
and another was jack monroe , a campaigner and journalist who has written for the guardian and the independent .
last night a tory mp slammed labour for using left-wing activists to masquerade as ` ordinary people ' for political attack campaigns .
priti patel said : ` labour 's party political broadcast would be a lot more effective if they used real people rather than their own coterie of left-wing campaigners and champagne socialists .
beresford casey in his shoreditch restuarant hache .
` under this government , unemployment .
is down and the economy is growing -- these are real measures to help .
with the cost of living , but labour have opposed them .
` this is same old labour -- instead of standing up for hardworking people , they 'd rather scaremonger .
' ed miliband announced at the labour conference last month that if he wins the next election he will freeze energy bills until 2017 .
the conservatives have derided this as a ` con ' .
mr casey met mr miliband earlier this month , when the labour leader visited the camden branch of his restaurant .
the pair discussed the party 's policy on energy costs and business rates , according to local newspaper the ham & high .
miss monroe is a food blogger and freelance journalist .
she writes about her experience of living on benefits after giving up her job in 2011 , saying the commuting and childcare costs were unsustainable on her # 27,000 salary .
in the broadcast , she says : ` hot water and a comfortable living environment are things that you should be providing for your