the cameroonian military has claimed it has killed abubekar shekau , the leader of nigerian islamist group boko haram - the second time his death has been announced in a week .
cameroonian army officers have claimed they killed the terrorist chief in a fierce battle that ended with them pursuing militants over the border into nigeria .
they released a gruesome photo showing what appeared to be shekau 's dead body .
but nigerian officials dismissed the claim that the said shekau was killed by cameroonian soldiers inside nigeria .
scroll down for video .
dead ?
abubakar shekau , the leader of boko haram , whose death has been reported twice in four days .
security forces have claimed to have killed shekau dozens of times since he rose to the top of boko haram in 2010 .
nigeria 's armed forces had only last claimed to have killed him last wednesday .
shekau reportedly uses body doubles to confound his enemies and , although the man in the photo bears a strong resemblance to him , there has been no independent confirmation that cameroon 's forces have got the right person .
boko haram and its leader became infamous across the world after it abducted 200 young schoolgirls from their dormitory in north-east nigera earlier this year .
shekau appeared in a video with the girls , where he threatened to sell them off into slavery .
cameroon has made no official announcement that its soldiers have killed the boko haram leader , but several army officers told local media by telephone they had made significant gains in fighting the group .
` last night fighting was exceedingly violent .
it even happened that our troops had to fight beyond our borders , ' one anonymous senior officer told agence presse africaine .
it seems the reported killing of shekau came after a cameroonian soldiers responded to a cross-border attack by boko haram militants in the remote north of cameroon which began at the end of last week .
boko haram has made several incursions into the hilly jungle region of neighbouring cameroon in recent months .
cameroon has deployed troops to the border in an attempt to repel them .
the militants launched their first assault in the early evening on thursday in the village of assighassia near the city of mokolo .
captives : some