by .
peter campbell .
published : .
20:09 est , 15 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
20:10 est , 15 november 2013 .
it is often called the best kept secret in the city - company shares that come with lucrative perks .
from discounted theme park tickets to marks & spencer shopping vouchers , firms are ramping up the freebies they hand out to small shareholders .
investors in luxury goods group mulberry can get up to a fifth off its wares -- potentially saving # 300 on a # 1,500 designer handbag .
incentive : anybody who holds 250 shares in mulberry can get 10 per cent off purchases worth more than # 500 .
more than 40 companies listed on the london stock exchange now offer such perks , according to hargreaves lansdown .
richard hunter , head of equities at the stockbroker , said the trend became particularly popular in the 1990s .
he said : ` companies jumped on the bandwagon as a means of getting to their shareholder base - after all , it is likely that a shareholder of the company will also be a customer .
' even though the perks culture peaked before the turn of the century , many companies still offer enticements to investors , he added .
the most recent example is merlin entertainments , which owns attractions across the uk including madame tussauds , alton towers , thorpe park and the london eye .
the company floated last week , and anyone buying more than 1,000 shares - which cost around 348p each -- is entitled to a 30 per cent discount on up to two annual passes which give unlimited entry to the firm 's 31 uk attractions .
but companies differ in how many shares are required to gain the extras .
groups such as m&s , moss bros and legal & general say their discounts are open to all shareholders .
others require a minimum level of investment , and place conditions on the benefits .
high street clothing giant next requires investors to own 500 shares , which currently have an eye-watering total value of # 27,475 , to be able to claim its 25 per cent discount -- and the offer lasts only between april and the end of october , so can not be used in the