by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
08:21 est , 14 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
08:21 est , 14 september 2012 .
japan has called for the phasing out of nuclear power in the country over the next 30 years following the devastation of the fukushima meltdown .
a japanese cabinet panel today called for the phasing out of nuclear power , as it overhauls its energy policy in the wake of last year 's disaster .
adopting the proposals would be a break with japan 's decades-long advocacy of nuclear power .
disaster : smoke billows from the no. 3 reactor at the fukushima daiichi nuclear plant last year , in scenes of devastation which have caused japan to overhaul its energy policy .
the new energy policy faces opposition from powerful business interests but phasing out nuclear power is popular with the public .
it calls for greater reliance on renewable energy , more conservation and sustainable use of fossil fuels and would see japan joining germany in turning its back on nuclear energy .
the new policy requires endorsement by the entire cabinet .
japanese news reports say the cabinet has already agreed to the changes .
japan began reviewing its energy policy following last year 's disaster at the fukushima dai-ichi nuclear power plant , which was set off by a massive earthquake and tsunami .
before the accident , the resource-poor country relied on nuclear power for one-third of its energy and had planned to raise that to 50 percent by 2030 .
wrecked : the tsunami-stricken fukushima plant in okuma town in april last year .
` based on facing the reality of this grave accident and by learning lessons from the accident , the government has decided to review the national energy strategy from scratch , ' said the policy document .
` one of the key pillars of the new strategy is to achieve a society that does not depend on nuclear energy as soon as possible , ' it said .
prime minister yoshihiko noda allowed two reactors to restart in july to avoid power shortages during the hot summer months .
growing anti-nuclear sentiment and mass protests made it difficult for the government and plant operators to restart reactors idled for inspections , and by early may all 50 japanese reactors had gone offline