by .
ellie zolfagharifard .
the dark skies of the isle of wight provide a stunning backdrop for these colourful images of the majestic milky way .
photographer chad powell used a canon 6d dslr camera to capture images of the spectacular constellation above the familiar beach scenes of england 's largest island .
the 22-year-old , who shot the pictures over a year of stargazing on the island , often stayed up until dawn to catch the most dramatic skyscapes .
the milky way above steephill cove in isle of wight , england .
photographer chad powell used a canon 6d dslr camera to capture images of the spectacular constellation above the familiar beach scenes of england 's largest island .
the dslr camera enhanced the milky way from the white strip visible to the naked eye into an explosion of colourful lights .
mr powell , a graphic designer from ventnor , isle of wight , used foregrounds of abandoned theme parks , harbours and lighthouses against the illuminated sky .
` the perfect conditions to take these pictures are a clear sky on a moonless night , ' he said .
` light pollution needs to be minimal too , unfortunately for the uk there are very few areas of dark sky , especially in england .
' the 22-year-old , who shot the pictures over a year of stargazing on the island , often stayed up until dawn to catch the most dramatic skyscapes .
pictured is the milky way behind castle haven , a small harbour in nilton .
this stunning image shows the orchard bay steps in isle of wight .
mr powell , a graphic designer from ventnor on the island used foregrounds of abandoned theme parks , harbours and lighthouses against the illuminated sky .
a combination of 120 separate photographs over the space on an hour were used to capture the stars trail on 24 june 2014 -lrb- left -rrb- .
on the right , the milky way is pictured above an abandoned roundabout from blackgang chine amusement park .
a panoramic image shows the reflection of the milky way in the glass-like water of flowers brook .
minor adjustments were made to bring out the contrast and whites in this collection of images .
the milky way is thought to be 120,000 light years across and contains more than 200