a theatre has been forced to apologise after sending more than 100 ` disgusting ' porn dvds to children as young as 10 after a duplication blunder .
families were expecting to receive recordings of summer school performances from the edinburgh playhouse , but a collection of hardcore movies called the bondage mistress were sent instead .
theatre bosses said the ` horrifying ' error was made by production company edithouse -- which has also apologised for the mistake .
edinburgh playhouse has been forced to apologise after sending out more than 100 ` disgusting ' porn dvds to children as young as 10 after a duplication blunder .
a 10-year-old girl from midlothian , who had attended a summer stage school at the playhouse earlier this year , was reported to have been sent the dvd .
her father described the film as ` absolutely disgusting filth ' and said he would be taking legal action .
` someone has broken the law somewhere here , to send that sort of thing out to a child , ' he told the edinburgh evening news .
` this is sexual exploitation-type stuff .
i 'm going to have to phone my solicitor .
it 's absolutely ridiculous .
` we have n't watched right through it , but it 's not just amateur porn -- this is the proper thing .
it 's unbelievable .
` it was absolutely disgusting filth .
i spoke to the playhouse and they said all they can do is apologise .
apologise ?
they have just sent this out to a minor .
' families were expecting to receive recordings of summer school performances , but a collection of hardcore movies entitled the bondage mistress were sent instead .
the theatre discovered the mistake within 48 hours of the dvds being posted and has since recalled around 100 dvds .
but furious parents , many of whom were waiting for the dvds for months , posted messages on social media demanding further action .
a spokeswoman for edinburgh playhouse said : ` we discovered what had happened within 48 hours of the dvds being posted and took immediate emergency measures to recall all of the dvds , sought the advice of the police and notified customers as a matter of urgency .
` the edinburgh playhouse apologises unequivocally for any distress caused to the