by .
sam adams , beth stebner and daily mail reporter .
published : .
07:44 est , 6 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
02:35 est , 7 october 2012 .
tragedy : stephanie becker fell to her death from the top floor of a luxury apartment building in new york .
heartbreaking new details about the successful businesswoman who fell to her death from a new york highrise on thursday have emerged which suggest that the tragic death could have been a suicide .
friends and family of 28-year-old stephanie becker have insisted that the ivy league graduate was a happy person who would not have taken her own life .
but her neighbours in the building in manhattan 's exclusive chelsea neighbourhood now say they believe she might have jumped to her death - and rumours are circulating that it was not her first suicide attempt .
a source , who did not want to be named , said : ` everyone who lives here is in so much shock over this , it 's really put us on edge .
' i heard that a few people in the building saw her fall and hit the ground .
` there has also been talk that she was wheeled out of the building several months ago on a gurney after an apparent suicide attempt .
` but no one really knows the full story .
' ms becker did not leave a suicide note , and officials have not confirmed that the 30-storey fall which killed her was deliberate .
ms becker fell from the roof of 55 west 26th .
street at about 8.15 am .
originally from stamford , connecticut , she worked for ibm as a strategy .
consultant , having achieved a degree from the university of pennsylvania and an mba from new york stern .
she was an attractive , popular young woman , active within the jewish community , and had traveled the world .
fun loving : ms becker had more than 1,500 friends on facebook and was described by friends as sweet and outgoing .
horror : ms becker fell 30 stories from the high-rise in chelsea , landing outside the building 's fifth floor gym .
friends and family described her as .
sweet and friendly .
rabbi menachem schmidt , who works as the director