by .
jonny singer .
manchester united have banned two fans from going to away games indefinitely - one of them for as little as having a single can of lager found in his bag on the way in to a game .
jamie bazley was stopped on the way in to st james ' park earlier this month and given a police caution , simply because he had an unopened can of stella artois in his bag .
as if that was n't enough , the club have now given him a ban from all domestic and european away games .
` banned indefinitely ' - the letter from manchester united .
an almost identical one was sent to both men .
a letter , sent to the fan by manchester united , said : ` we have been informed by the police that you were arrested at the above game and subsequently cautioned for possession of alcohol on entry .
` the club has worked extensively with the fa , the police and a number of local authorities to ensure our supporters are treated fairly and safely when supporting the club at away grounds .
this process is also linked to the allocation of tickets given to us as the away support .
` people who breach these safety measures are jeopardising our ticket allocations for future matches .
` as a result you will be banned from attending domestic and european away matches indefinitely .
' bazley says he did not even know he had the alcohol on him , as it was at the bottom of the bag he was carrying .
he claimed on twitter that he ` honestly thought i had drank -lsb- it -rsb- on the train ' .
fanning the flames : the incident has led to outrage among manchester united supporters on twitter .
the life-long fan hit out at the club , and says he may even stop going to home games , although his ban is only from away grounds .
however , the men were allowed to renew their season tickets and will be permitted to attend home games .
like most football clubs newcastle united do not allow anyone to bring alcohol into the ground or to drink in the stands - although there is a famous video of magpies owner mike ashley necking a pint at