president barack obama 's approval rating continued to spiral downward this month , reaching yet another record low in a new poll .
just 40 percent of americans praised obama in the latest nbc news/wall street journal poll while 54 percent said they were not happy with president .
obama 's previous low came immediately prior to today 's numbers in the news organizations ' june survey .
in that poll , 41 percent of respondents said they approved of obama 53 percent said they disapproved .
more bad news : president barack obama awoke this morning to another poll showing his approval ratings in the gutter as he entered into the third and final day of his us-africa leaders summit .
president barack obama 's approval rating dropped to 40 percent this month - the lowest it 's ever been .
americans have n't given the president an approval rating over 50 percent since he began his second term .
contributing .
to americans ' unhappiness with obama is his attitude toward foreign .
affairs .
a mere 36 percent of survey-takers said they are pleased with his handling of foreign policy , a record low in and of itself .
a .
majority , 60 percent , say they 're not impressed with the way he 's approached .
global issues .
americans are still resentful of the economic downturn , as well .
less than three in 10 respondents told pollsters they were satisfied with .
the state of the economy .
and while obama 's favorability rating on the economy ticked up one .
percentage from june to 42 percent approval , the president has not had an approval rating on this issue above 50 percent since his first year .
in office .
whether international or domestic , more people said they were dissatisfied .
with the way the u.s. has handled every crisis , .
including the armed conflict between russia and ukraine , the fighting .
between israel and hamas and the surge in central american children .
crossing the border .
americans are least satisfied with how the .
situation at the border has been handled , with only 11 percent saying they are content .
with the response so far .
asked specifically about how the u.s. should handle the more than 57,000 immigrant children who have illegally entered the country