by .
jessica jerreat .
a family of three from ohio died on monday morning when their light aircraft crashed at a popular colorado ski area .
james and amy kerker had been flying with their six-year-old son lucas to moab in utah for a vacation when the plane went down .
witnesses described how the plane burst into flames after crashing into ski lifts at the loveland resort when it tried to cross the continental divide .
scroll down for video .
tragic : james kerker and his son lucas died in a crash on monday afternoon .
loss : amy kerker , pictured with lucas at a parade , was also killed in the crash at a colorado ski area .
the wreck at loveland ski area can be seen from this aerial shot taken on tuesday .
a couple from ohio and their six-year-old son were killed in the plane crash at loveland ski area on tuesday .
the kerker family , from raymond , ohio , reportedly left rocky mountain airport in broomfield at 8:10 a.m. .
they crashed a short time later at loveland ski area 's loveland valley beginner area .
mr kerker , 43 , is believed to have been flying the aircraft at the time .
early indications suggest that the plane did n't have enough power to clear the mountains , then crashed when he tried to turn back .
also on board were his 39-year-old wife amy and the couple 's son , who suffered from the rare and terminal disease ataxia telangiectasia .
in a moving youtube video the couple had made to explain their son 's diagnosis in 2011 , they had said they were dedicated to filling his life with new experiences .
with only 500 children in the u.s. suffering from the disease , and most patients not living past their 20th birthday , the couple had said it was their ` mission in life to make every day count ' for him .
` we ca n't imagine our lives without him , ' his parents had stated on the video , as they explained how the disorder would rob their son of the ability to walk and talk properly and leave him susceptible to childhood cancers .
vacation : amy kerker and her husband were dedicated to giving their terminally ill son lucas as