liverpool manager brendan rodgers is ` adamant ' that raheem sterling will stay at the club despite reported interest from europe 's finest , but on current form it will be equally important for him to tie down jordan henderson for the long-term at anfield .
sterling 's future has been the subject of interest from the likes of real madrid and paris saint-germain .
the 19-year-old set up the decisive goal for henderson as liverpool returned to winning ways .
liverpool know the # 30,000-a-week deal they agreed with sterling 18 months ago is low for an international regular and , while rodgers revealed discussions have started about a new contract , no agreement appears imminent .
liverpool starlet raheem sterling shows his speed against west brom 's stephane sessegnon on saturday .
liverpool boss brendan rodgers -lrb- left -rrb- is ` absoultely adamant ' sterling will stay at anfield .
` it 's not a big issue for us .
ian ayre -lrb- liverpool 's chief executive -rrb- has spoken with his representatives and he is quite relaxed , ' said rodgers .
` the club is dealing with the agent so everything is calm and the boy is remarkably happy here and there are no secondary thoughts about anything else other than continuing to play for liverpool .
' asked directly if he thought sterling wanted to stay , rodgers replied : ` yes .
absolutely adamant .
his agent is a good agent and he understands this is the perfect place for him .
' so far , the contract situation surrounding henderson has gone under the radar .
but that wo n't last for long when he produces man-of-the-match performances like he did at the weekend , setting up liverpool 's opener for adam lallana with a delightful flick and then scoring the 61st-minute winner with a low drive to earn his club their first league win since august .
henderson , 24 , is inside the final two years of a # 40,000-a-week deal he signed when he joined from sunderland in 2011 .
jordan henderson 's electric form for the reds makes his contract renegotiation a priority for the club .
henderson -lrb- right -rrb- celebrates scoring liverpool 's second goal against west brom , set up by sterling .
no concrete offer has yet been made , but he will hope that