by .
simon peach , press association .
roy hodgson is well aware of the need to bring back the ` feel-good factor ' when england kick off a new era against norway .
a new-look side led by a new captain , wayne rooney , have been charged with getting the three lions back on track nine weeks on from bombing out of the world cup at the first hurdle .
the disappointment of that failure in brazil will be underlined by the plethora of empty seats at wembley on wednesday , when the lowest attendance since the stadium opened in 2007 is expected for the friendly with norway .
fresh start : england manager roy hodgson knows he needs to get the public back on side after the world cup .
preparation : rickie lambert -lrb- second from left -rrb- challenges jack wilshere -lrb- third from right -rrb- for the ball .
all the talk of a new beginning has clearly not appeased fans and hodgson knows it is now up to his players to prove it on the pitch .
` we 've only been together since sunday evening , but we seem to have crammed an awful lot into that period of time with our meetings and with our training sessions , ' he said on the eve of the match .
' i certainly get the feeling that the players ca n't wait , really , to kick off this new campaign and kick it off with an important and quite difficult game at wembley .
' i am confident that the players are really ready to go and of course now it 's all a question of when they cross the white line and the referee blows his whistle because all the talking in the world does n't help you .
it is what you do the field that counts .
' after a friendly against norway - ranked 53rd in the world - comes the start of england 's european championship qualifiers in switzerland .
monday 's match in basel may well prove their toughest of group e , although back-to-back victories would certainly improve the national mood .
in control : wilshere -lrb- right -rrb- fends off leighton baines and danny welbeck during training at london colney .
on the run : forward danny welbeck -lrb- centre -rrb- bursts away from wayne