we all know that panic-stricken moment .
you drop your mobile and watch , aghast , as it plunges towards the floor , fearing it will land screen-side down -- with shattering consequences .
but now apple plans to spare you that agony , with an invention that will stop your iphone hitting the ground face-first .
the technology giant was granted a patent last week on an invention that can detect when a handset is falling -- and flips it to ensure the screen does n't hit the ground .
the idea could also work with ipads and other devices .
apple was granted a patent last week for the invention that shifts an internal weight in the device in mid-air so it does n't hit the ground face first on impact .
industry experts point out that a prototype has yet to be tested .
apple 's design features on-board sensors that measure the speed that the phone is falling and predict when it will land and which side of the device will hit the floor .
if sensors calculate a delicate component , such as the screen or camera , will hit the ground , a motor is instantly activated within the phone .
this moves an internal weight fast enough to affect the ` rotational velocity ' of the device and spin it around as it falls , so that it lands on a reinforced area .
the effect is similar to how a falling cat always manages to land on its feet .
and that 's not all .
the patent even includes a system that would eject the headphone cord to avoid damage to the connector .
victor seidel , a lecturer in science entrepreneurship at oxford university , said : ` this does what a lot of successful innovations do : combines ideas in a way others had not considered , such as adding gyroscopic action within a smartphone .
` but integrating this idea into current slimline designs may be a challenge .
of course , no one will really know the possible benefits and limitations until apple gets prototypes into the hands of users -- hands that are indeed sometimes clumsy .
' industry insiders say an iphone featuring the new technology may appear within three years .