by .
simon tomlinson and mia de graaf .
published : .
09:55 est , 22 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:53 est , 23 november 2013 .
prince harry has finally arrived in antarctica ahead of the charity trek involving wounded servicemen and women after the trip was delayed for 48 hours .
the group was forced to stay over in cape town this week as a storm in the south pole meant flights had to be cancelled .
this morning , harry , a cluster of celebrities and 12 injured servicemen were given the all-clear and boarded a plane headed for russia 's .
novolazarevskaya station , which is situated at the edge of the antarctic .
continent .
they were met by temperatures of around minus 3c - cooler than they enjoyed in south africa - but will face icy lows of up to minus 45c and biting 50mph winds on the trek itself .
finally here : prince harry arrives in antarctica ahead of a charity trek after his team was delayed by 48 hours due to a storm .
bracing : the prince was certainly dressed for the weather as he stepped off the plane onto a snowy runway at novo .
teamwork : the team , made up largely of injured servicemen and women gather next to the plane shortly after landing earlier today .
friendly : prince harry talks to other members of the walking with the wounded team after arrival .
drop in temperature : the party are expected to stay for the next couple of days to acclimatise to the antarctic weather and make final preparations for the trek , which is due to begin next week .
the three teams competing in the .
200-mile walking with the wounded charity trek were seen off by friends .
and family ahead of flying from heathrow airport last weekend .
the .
royal , other supporters and the dozen injured personnel arrived at the .
novo airbase in antarctica this afternoon .
the party are expected to .
stay for the next couple of days to acclimatise to the antarctic weather .
and make final preparations for the trek , which is due to begin next .
week .
the teams spent the .
majority of the afternoon making adjustments to their kit , which had .
been dispatched