right up to its last meaningful moments -- the somewhat whimpering surrender of wednesday 's final four games -- andy murray 's reign as wimbledon champion never went to plan .
a lack of motivation last summer , spinal surgery in september , the loss of his coach in march , the long haul back without reaching a final -- the fairytale of 2013 turned out to be shortlived .
and then came goldenballs grigor dimitrov to administer the last rites in a fashion few expected .
the 23-year-old bulgarian always possessed the means to make this difficult but the margin of 6-1 , 7-6 , 6-2 seemed unthinkable at the start of the day .
video scroll down for grigor dimitrov 's quick fire questions at wimbledon .
frustrated : murray is out of wimbledon after losing to bulgarian youngster dimitrov .
dreamland : dimitrov celebrates beating defending wimbledon champion murray on centre court .
high and low : murray looks on after crashing out as dimitov celebrates .
celebration time : dimitov celebrates taking the scalp of the wimbledon champion .
out of sorts : murray looked far from his best against dimitov .
roar : murray looks frustrated as he loses a point to dimitrov during their wimbledon showdown .
in control : dimitov started far faster than murray and raced into the lead .
having played as hard as a slab of scottish granite in the opening four rounds murray turned to mush .
it took 77 years for a british man to win wimbledon again and , with this particular match , you wanted to see more of a full-blooded scrap when it came to retaining the title .
of course the bulgarian deserves huge credit for pulling off what should be a career-changing win , and the three magnificent points he played from 4-4 in the tiebreak to go two sets up were the stuff of great champions .
we have waited years for a breakout performance from a younger player on the centre court , now two have come along in 24 hours with 19-year-old nick kyrgios and dimitrov .
when he went two sets up it was the same situation as in the quarter-final a year ago , when murray looked like he was going to lay an egg against fernando verdasco of spain .
he rescued himself from a poor start