by .
sarah griffiths .
published : .
06:30 est , 26 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
10:25 est , 26 february 2014 .
you might be aware of your heart pounding and even your hands shaking in times of extreme stress .
and now scientists have found that scents smelling unusual can also be an indicator of anxiety .
humans ' sense of smell is affected when we are anxious , with stress re-wiring the brain so that scents do n't smell right , according to a new study .
something smells off : humans ' sense of smell is affected when we are anxious , with stress re-wiring the brain so that scents do n't smell right , according to a new study .
previously neutral smells become unpleasant and the greater the stress , the larger the change in smell , scientists claim .
previously neutral smells become unpleasant and the greater the stress , the larger the change in smell , scientists claim .
wen li , a professor of psychology at the university of wisconsin-madison , used brain imaging to reveal how anxiety or stress can rewire the brain , linking centres of emotion and smell-processing to make typically benign smells foul stenches .
for the study , published in the journal of neuroscience , subjects were made anxious by showing them disturbing pictures and text of subjects like car crashes and war .
the study found that this transformed neutral odours to distasteful ones , which the scientists explained could fuel a feedback loop heightening distress and leading to clinical issues like anxiety and depression .
` after anxiety induction , neutral smells become clearly negative , ' professor li said .
` people experiencing an increase in anxiety show a decrease in the perceived pleasantness of odours .
it becomes more negative as anxiety increases .
' stress transforms neutral odours into distasteful ones , which could fuel a feedback loop heightening distress and leading to depression .
using behavioural techniques and functional magnetic resonance imaging -lrb- fmri -rrb- , professor li 's team looked at the brains of 12 human subjects with induced anxiety as they processed known neutral odours .
before entering the fmri scanner where participants were shown a series of disturbing pictures and text , subjects were exposed to and rated a panel of neutral smells