by .
bianca london .
published : .
04:54 est , 16 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:14 est , 17 october 2013 .
after the stellar success of her lingerie range with marks and spencer , rosie huntington-whiteley has now branched out into nightwear .
the supermodel is hoping to help women get their beauty sleep in style with her luxurious new range of cashmere capes , silk dressing gowns and soft snoods .
the 26-year-old , who hails from devon , was in store this morning to unveil her new collection for autograph .
she 's back !
after a successful lingerie collaboration with m&s , rosie huntington-whiteley has unveiled a sleepwear range with the high-street store .
she stayed loyal to the high street mecca by donning a # 299 fitted animal-print leather skirt from one of their ranges , which she teamed with a classic black top and sophisticated black court shoes .
the sleep range features a # 149 pure cashmere jumper with detachable snood , as well as satin reverse pyjamas , which come with a more reasonable price-tag of # 35 .
in august , rosie celebrated her one year anniversary as a designer with the high-street store .
she celebrated by releasing an autumn 13 collection of sophisticated and luxurious underwear pieces .
speaking .
at the time , she said : ' i ca n't quite believe it 's been a whole year .
since the rosie for autograph launch , it 's gone so fast !
' .
it has been a busy month for the model , who shot to fame in the transformers films .
she recently took to the catwalk .
make-up free at the balmain show during paris fashion week and was spotted .
landing at lax airport in the u.s. on sunday morning .
model behaviour : rosie showed off her model looks as she unveiled her collection at m&s marble arch in london 's capital .
on-trend : rosie stayed loyal to the high street giant by donning a # 299 fitted animal-print leather skirt from their range , which she teamed with a classic black top and sophisticated black court shoes .
celebration : rosie , who hails from devon , recently celebrating her one year anniversary as a designer for m&s .
in her spare time , rosie has