by .
daily mail reporters .
a monet painting that hung in the fifth avenue apartment that reclusive heiress huguette clark left all but abandoned for twenty years sold at auction tuesday for $ 27 million .
` water lilies ' monet 's 1907 rendition of his beloved garden in giverny , france , went to an undisclosed asian buyer in the season-opening auction of impressionist and modern art at christie 's .
the painting , part of clark 's collection since 1930 , has not been publicly exhibited since 1926 and the millionaire herself likely never saw it during her final two decades that she spent in a manhattan hospital .
scroll down for video .
selling her collection : a monet painting owned by the late reclusive heiress huguette clark opened a landmark christie 's auction of big name works by high profile collectors in new york on tuesday .
not too shabby : bid master andreas rumbler looks impressed during the auction , in which monet 's water lilies fetched an impressive $ 27 million .
nympheas as it 's known in french was one of around 250 paintings the impressionist made of his beloved gardens .
christie 's is selling hundreds of items from clark 's collection after a feud over her estate was settled in the fall .
starting may 6 , christie 's began a series of sales as the estate of the mysterious millionaire , who died in 2011 aged 104 , is divided up .
among the 400 items of fine art , rare manuscripts and collection of beautiful musical instruments , are lots expected to reach many millions dollars .
some of the items included in the collection , which was started by miss clark 's father , are so rare that christie 's has exhibited them at its auction houses in tokyo , hong kong , and london , as well as in new york .
miss clark was the last surviving child of senator .
william a. clark , who was born in a log cabin and became one of the wealthiest men of his day.he is the namesake of nevada 's clark county and established its county seat , las vegas .
a onetime socialite who became a social shadow , miss clark died at 104 in 2011 .
she had a penthouse and two other apartments on