by .
paul newman .
follow @@ paul_newmandm .
alastair cook 's summer of reckoning as england captain begins in earnest at lord 's on thursday when he leads a side containing three debutants into what his opposite number says will be a hostile encounter against sri lanka .
all eyes will be on cook as he attempts to show he has the captaincy skills to ease the winter misery by overcoming a team still indignant at what they see as english slurs on the legitimacy of spinner sachithra senanayake 's bowling action .
the controversial run-out of jos buttler , when backing up , by senanayake in the final one-day international was still on the agenda on wednesday .
angelo mathews , the sri lanka captain , sought to justify his side 's ` mankading ' of buttler by saying that senanayake 's action had only ever been reported in england .
new start : alastair cook -lrb- right -rrb- talks to his new opening partner , debutant sam robson -lrb- left -rrb- .
the heat is on : cook prepares in the nets at lord 's where a new era under his captaincy begins on thursday .
tough cricket : sri lanka captain angelo mathews -lrb- right -rrb- has predicted a fiery series against england .
` everything started with the reporting of sachithra , ' said mathews .
` when people find a bowler difficult to handle they tend to report him .
we all know it 's going to be a hostile series but we 're up for the challenge .
' it means both sides still feel hard done by - cook said the ` mankading ' was ` still frustrating ' - as they approach an investec series in which england will need to regain the faith of a public who might accept an odi series loss to sri lanka but not one in test cricket .
without question there will be extra pressure on cook , even though that might seem harsh after all he has achieved as a batsman and as a captain in winning in india and at home against australia last summer .
yet there is no doubt that cook retains the full support of the england management , the ecb and his players .
all he has to do is repay that faith .
` it feels like a