by .
emma glanfield for mailonline .
two british sisters who survived 18 hours in the indian ocean after the tour boat they were travelling on sank in rough seas have told how they chose not to join their fellow survivors in drinking urine and eating leaves to stay alive .
backpackers katherine ostojic , 21 , and her 19-year-old sister alice , managed to sit on the overturned semi-submerged hull of the stricken vessel for ten hours after it got into difficulty off the island of lombok .
however , after realising their chances of being rescued were becoming slimmer by the minute , they had no option but to join eight fellow survivors in swimming to an island on the horizon -- a journey which took them eight hours .
scroll down for videos .
katherine ostojic , 21 , -lrb- left -rrb- and her 19-year-old sister alice -lrb- right -rrb- managed to survive the tour boat sinking off the island on lombok on saturday by floating for ten hours at sea and swimming a further eight hours to shore .
katherine -lrb- centre left in green t-shirt -rrb- and alice -lrb- holding a mobile phone -rrb- pictured in the hours after the rescue .
it was there that some of the survivors drank their own urine and ate leaves to stay alive -- although the sisters , who are both keen travellers , said they chose not to partake in doing so .
the group were eventually rescued by fishermen and all were given food and water before being flown to bali .
the rescue , along with an earlier rescue of 15 others , means 23 of the 25 people on board the rickety vessel have been saved from the disaster .
a search is ongoing for two spanish men who remain missing at sea after separating from the group when the boat capsized .
when back on the mainland , the girls were quick to send a string of emails to their mother joan and her husband peter to let them know they were safe and well .
in one they wrote : ` they have found everyone now .
such a relief .
the boat sank in the middle of the night .
` we sat on its roof while it was semi-submerged for ten hours .
then swam eight hours to the shore