when kim kardashian bared her derriere on the cover of paper magazine in an attempt to ` break the internet ' , the reality tv star created a frenzy .
it is just one of many recent magazine images that show the 34-year-old flaunting her giant backside , each one more compromising than the last .
but while many have been horrified by kim 's bare bum in the media , it turns out that it is nothing new - as stylelite points out , bottom-flashing has been a fail-safe marketing tool for nearly 60 years , selling anything from beauty products and magazines to albums and fashion .
from the coppertone girl in 1959 , left , to kim kardashian 's infamous paper magazine shoot last year , right , the bottom has a long history been used as a marketing tool .
long before the curvy kardashians appeared on the scene , there was the coppertone girl .
in 1959 , the suntan lotion advert featured a three-year-old girl on the beach trying to pull her pants out of her dog 's grip , with the taglines , ` do n't be a paleface !
' and ` tan - do n't burn .
' the little girl in the illustrations was based on drawings of cheri brand by her mother joyce ballantyne brand , was also famous for sketching the pampers baby in 1977 .
but little did joyce know then , how dominant bottoms would become in advertising , as well as popular culture .
the motor show at earls court london in 1971 used two bottom baring models to promote new vehicles .
but it was n't until a decade later , in the 1970s , that rear-ends began to be used prolifically in advertising .
in 1971 , the motor show at earls court , west london , combined two of men 's favourite things : cars and women , by using two bottom-baring models , susan shaw and helen jones , to promote new vehicles on display .
even serious financial institutions were at it - in 1978 , tsb bank used a bikini-clad lady analysing her bottom in a mirror to promote their travellers cheque service .
in 1978 , tsb bank used a bikini-clad lady analysing her bottom to promote their travellers cheque service .
perhaps the best known behind from