a drunken passenger was forced to clean up his own mess after he urinated in front of other travellers on an internal flight in south africa .
the mango airlines plane was flying from port elizabeth to johannesburg on sunday when the man pulled down his trousers and relieved himself in the aircraft 's galley .
but the cabin crew did n't let him off easy -- in addition to being ordered to clean up after himself he was detained by police when the flight landed at or tambo international airport .
a passenger urinated in full view of other travellers on a mango flight in south africa .
mango airlines spokesman hein kaiser told the herald that the man wanted to use the toilet during take-off , but was told he had to remain in his seat until it was safe to move about the cabin .
that 's when he went to the galley and relieved himself next to the seated cabin crew in full view of other passengers , she claimed .
he was forced to return to his seat after resisting and searing at flight attendants and the captain of the flight .
passenger samantha meyer told the herald that the man 's indecent behaviour and the delay it caused were distressing .
the unruly passenger was detained and forced to clean up his mess when the plane landed .
she said : ` we had already been forced to wait at the -lsb- port elizabeth -rsb- airport for two hours due to the bad weather which had delayed flights , but when we landed in johannesburg , we were all told to stay seated while the man and his belongings were removed from the aircraft .
' ms meyer added that her boyfriend had also needed to use the toilet , but waited patiently until the right time .
ms kaiser said the airline does n't tolerate such behaviour , adding : ` moving around the cabin during turbulence presents opportunity for personal injury as well as endangering fellow guests and flight crew on board .
` when the commander of a flight advises travellers to fasten their seatbelts , it is for good reason and is standard operating procedure on airlines the world over .
'