two men arrested in connection with the murder of tanis bhandari , a builder who was axed to death after a new year 's eve party , have been charged .
donald pemberton and ryan williams , aged 20 and 21 respectively , were arrested for the 27-year-old 's murder at around 2am on thursday .
the pair from st budeaux , plymouth , were have been charged with murder and possession of knives and an axe .
donald pemberton , 20 , -lrb- left -rrb- and ryan williams , 21 , -lrb- right -rrb- have been charged with the murder of tanis bhandari who was killed on new year 's eve with an axe .
they will appear before magistrates in plymouth tomorrow .
mr bhandari was with friends at the king 's arms on new year 's eve when the group were attacked on their way home at around 1.30 am .
tributes have been paid to the ` lovely ' builder , who , it was reported , was killed after stepping in front of a female friend to shield her from harm .
it was claimed the disruption may have started over a request for a cigarette , though devon and cornwall police would not confirm this account .
officers said last week mr bhandari and his friends had been the victims of an ` unprovoked , indiscriminate ' attack .
today , announcing the charges , detective inspector gregg dawe , senior investigating officer , said : ` an axe and knives have been recovered and searches are continuing in the milford lane area for any further knives that may have been used .
' i want to thank everyone who has assisted us with the police investigation so far .
tanis bhandari , 27 , was murdered outside the kings arms pub on new year 's eve .
relatives have paid tribute to the ` lovely ' man .
more than 100 people gathered outside the pub to lay tributes of flowers and cards on friday morning .
mourners gathered outside the green where the group of men were attacked today to pay their respects .
` searches and enquiries are continuing in relation to this incident .
' more than 100 mourners gathered outside the pub where mr bhandari , a former member of the royal navy , was killed to lay tributes