by .
nick pisa .
published : .
13:47 est , 4 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:53 est , 4 june 2013 .
murdered meredith kercher 's sister today said she just wanted ` the truth ' as she attended a student scholarship ceremony presented in her memory .
tragic meredith , 21 , was brutally knifed to death just two months into her university programme in the italian hilltop town of perugia .
her sister stephanie spoke out at the event , which was the first time she had been back in the city since amanda knox and raffaelle sollecito were cleared of the murder .
stephanie kercher -lrb- left -rrb- pictured with wladimiro boccali and olivia taylor at the presentation of the meredith kercher scholarship in perugia , italy .
ms kercher said she just wanted ` the truth ' about her sister 's death .
earlier this year italy 's supreme court threw out their acquittal and ordered a retrial which is due to begin in the autumn and stephanie said : ` we are still waiting for answers .
we just want the truth .
` it 's difficult to speak of forgiveness when there are still so many unanswered questions .
to be honest i 'm not sure what we are expecting from the retrial - we all have mixed emotions .
` for the time being though i 'm happy to be back in perugia for a happy event .
the last time i was here it was under very different circumstances .
it 's nice to be here for this scholarship in meredith 's memory .
` meredith loved perugia - i remember her telling us all about the chocolate festival when she first got here .
she was so happy here - then a few weeks later we came over and their were pictures of meredith and candles on the cathedral steps .
' meredith had arrived in perugia in september 2007 to study italian as part of her university of leeds course and she had shared a house with knox and two other women .
she was found semi naked and with her throat cut in her bedroom .
knox and sollecito were arrested and charged - at their first trial they were convicted and sentenced to 26 and 25 years respectively .
then two years later