jordan has threatened to fast-track the execution of a would-be suicide bomber the islamic state is trying to free if the terror group kills its captured pilot , it was reported today .
the government has apparently warned that sajida al-rishawi and other jailed isis commanders would be ` quickly judged and sentenced ' in revenge for muath al-kaseasbeh 's death .
it comes after a deadline for a possible prisoner swap allegedly set by isis passed yesterday with no clue over the fate of al-kaseasbeh or fellow japanese hostage kenji goto .
intelligence sources said isis 's refusal to prove that al-kaseasbeh was alive meant any deal with the militants was doomed .
now jordan has reportedly stepped up its rhetoric by warning of its intent to retaliate if the negotiations end in bloodshed .
elijah magnier , chief international correspondent for kuwait 's al rai newspaper , told mailonline : ' i have reliable contact in the jordanian government who says a message has been passed to isis .
` it warns that if they kill the pilot they will implement the death sentences for sajida and other isis prisoners as soon as possible .
scroll down for video .
jordanian f-16 pilot muath al-kaseasbeh -lrb- centre -rrb- is captured by the islamic state after after crashing near its hq in the syrian city of raqqa in december .
isis is threatening to kill him unless jordan releases a terrorist .
jordan has threatened to fast-track the execution of a would-be suicide bomber the islamic state is trying to free if the terror group kills al-kaseasbeh , seen here after being captured in syria in december .
in its latest audio recording , isis threatened to kill muath al-kaseasbeh if a deadline was not kept for the release of would-be suicide bomber al-rishawi by dusk iraq time thursday - around 5.30 pm -lrb- 2.30 pm gmt -rrb- .
` there are other prisoners in jordan that isis would like to free .
' mailonline has attempted to contact the jordanian government for comment , but a spokesman has not yet responded .
shortly after reports of the ultimatum emerged , jordan issued a statement saying they were still waiting for proof that the captured f-16 pilot was still alive .
jordan had agreed to an isis demand to free al-rishawi who failed to fulfil her al qaeda mission