the ` love ' hormone could be key to reducing the effects of alcohol consumption , according to a new study .
oxytocin , also known as the ` cuddle ' hormone , was given to rats by researchers from the university of sydney and germany 's university of regensburg , and they found this had a sobering effect on those that also had alcohol .
the new findings were published in scientific journal proceedings of the national academy of sciences on tuesday .
scroll down for video .
the ` love ' hormone could be key to reducing the effects of alcohol consumption , according to a new study .
researchers gave rats oxytocin and then fed them alcohol .
they found the hormone reduced their drunken behaviour .
lead author of the study michael bowen said scientists first infused oxytocin into the rats ' brains before they were fed alcohol .
` in the rat equivalent of a sobriety test , the rats given alcohol and oxytocin passed with flying colours , while those given alcohol without oxytocin were seriously impaired , ' dr bowen , who works at the university of sydney 's school of psychology , said .
researchers found oxytocin prevents alcohol from getting into the areas of the brain that trigger drunken behaviour .
these areas are known as the delta-subunit gaba-a receptors .
` alcohol impairs your co-ordination by inhibiting the activity of brain regions that provide fine motor control , ' dr bowen said .
it appeared the oxytocin prevented alcohol from affecting areas of the brain called the delta-subunit gaba-a receptors .
` oxytocin prevents this effect to the point where we ca n't tell from their behaviour that the rats are actually drunk .
it 's a truly remarkable effect .
' lead author on the study is dr michael bowen , from the university of sydney .
the sobering effect of oxytocin is yet to be tested on humans but researchers are already planning to carry out these studies in the near future .
` the first step will be to ensure we have a method of drug delivery for humans that allows sufficient amounts of oxytocin to reach the brain , ' dr bowen said .
` if we can do that , we suspect that oxytocin could also leave speech and cognition much less impaired after relatively