by .
becky evans .
published : .
12:42 est , 19 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
17:24 est , 19 december 2012 .
britain 's decision to name a part of antarctica after the queen has been met with fury in argentina .
an unnamed official in buenos aries said calling the vast disputed territory -- twice the size of the uk -- queen elizabeth land is a ` systematic attack within the context of the fight over the falkland islands ' .
the name was announced by foreign secretary william hague to mark the diamond jubilee .
william hague announced the new name during the queen 's visit to the foreign and commonwealth office .
honour : part of british antarctica has been renamed queen elizabeth land to mark the jubilee .
one argentine newspaper called it a .
` provocation ' as the row over the falklands continues to simmer .
argentina is expected to file a formal complaint .
britain 's claim on the icy , .
uninhabited land dates back to 1908 and is maintained via three british .
antarctic survey research stations .
new zealand , france , norway , australia , chile and argentina have also lodged claims but most countries do not recognise them .
the .
foreign office announced on tuesday that a 169,000 square mile part of .
british antarctic territory had been named in the queen 's honour .
experts said the move by .
the british government to mark the jubilee year was ` provocative ' and .
designed to strengthen british interests in the area .
klaus .
dodds , professor of geopolitics at royal holloway , university of .
london , told the telegraph it was ' a calculated move to reinforce uk .
interests ' in the area .
he .
told the newspaper : ' i think it 's provocative and it 's significant .
because place-naming is one of the most powerful ways of reinforcing .
your sense of ownership of a territory , and the use of royalty is , in .
turn , the most powerful way of cementing a connection with the uk .
' it is the latest in a ratcheting up of tensions between the two .
countries that has coincided with the 30th anniversary of the falklands .
war .
earlier this year ,