by .
associated press .
last updated at 9:35 pm on 7th october 2011 .
bank tellers , restaurant workers and other service employees in new york lifted credit card data from foreign tourists and residents as part of an identity theft ring that stretched to china , europe and the middle east and victimized thousands , authorities said friday .
in total , 111 people were arrested after a more than $ 13 million spending spree in luxury goods , and five separate criminal enterprises were dismantled .
district attorney richard brown in the new york borough of queens called it the largest fraud case he 'd seen in his two decades in office .
nypd commissioner raymond kelly said while it was n't a typical stick up , hundreds of people were robbed in the mass fraud bust revealed on friday .
the charges include enterprise corruption , theft and grand larceny .
` these .
were n't holdups at gunpoint , but the impact on victims was the same , ' police commissioner raymond kelly said .
` they were robbed .
' authorities say the graft operated like this : .
at least three bank workers , retail employees and restaurant workers would steal credit card numbers in a process known as skimming , in which workers take information when a card is swiped for payment and illegally sell the credit card numbers .
thieves would steal data and forgers would make new credit cards and ids to spend victims ' money .
other members of the criminal ring would steal card information online .
the numbers were given to teams of manufacturers who would forge visas , mastercards , discover and american express cards .
realistic identifications were made with the stolen data .
teams if criminal ` shoppers ' would use the cards for spending sprees at higher-end stores including apple , bloomingdale 's and macy 's .
the groups resold the merchandise to locations in china , europe and the middle east .
more than $ 13 million was spent on ipads , iphones , computers , watches and handbags from gucci and louis vuitton , authorities said .
the suspects also charged expensive hotel rooms and rented private jets and fancy cars , prosecutors said .
` thieves have an amazing knowledge of how to use technology , ' kelly said .