former cia director david petraeus has told congress that the cia believed almost immediately that al-qaeda-linked terrorists were behind the september 11th attacks in benghazi , according to a leading republican congressman .
representative peter king of new york , a member of the house intelligence committee that petraeus briefed , said that the former general left a ` different impression ' today than he had when he testified on capitol hill three days after the attack .
now , king said , petraeus insisted that the ` original talking points prepared by the cia were different than the final ones put out ' and used by susan rice , u.s. ambassador to the united nations , on sunday talk shows to say - incorrectly - that the attack was sparked by anger over an anti-islam video made in california .
scroll down for video .
lawyering up : former general david petraeus has hired a top washington lawyer to help with his transition out of government and public life .
guarded : a capitol hill police officer guards a staircase near the hearing room where former cia director david petraeus is testifying .
the only glimpse media got of petraeus , right , followed by security agents , was as he entered his home in arlington friday afternoon .
` the original talking points were much .
more specific about al-qaeda involvement and yet the final ones just .
said `` indications of extremists '' even though it was clearly evident to .
the cia that there was al-qaeda involvement , ' king said .
the former cia director was giving classified testimony and was accompanied by a cia analyst .
king said he did not speak under oath .
petraeus arrived early friday for closed hearings on capitol hill as lawmakers seek details from the retired general about the sept. 11 attack on the u.s. consulate in benghazi , libya , that killed the u.s. ambassador and three other americans .
king said that there was only brief mention by petraeus of his affair with biographer paula broadwell , which triggered his shock resignation last friday .
` he was asked at the start did that have any impact on his testimony , he said no ... 10 seconds into it , that was off to the side .
' after the closed door hearing rep. peter king