by .
daniel martin .
published : .
12:08 est , 10 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:04 est , 10 january 2013 .
millions of pounds is being wasted on government reviews and consultations , mps said yesterday .
the .
coalition has opened 984 inquiries -- more than one for each day it has .
been in power -- into issues as diverse as ice-cream van chimes and the .
electronic monitoring of pigs .
other .
reviews include whether street sweepers should require qualifications .
and whether mothers should be able to use vouchers to buy frozen .
vegetables .
mps have said millions of pounds is being wasted after an investigation found the coalition opened 984 inquiries since coming into power .
richard .
bacon , a tory member of the commons public accounts committee , .
yesterday called on the national audit office to investigate , perhaps .
not seeing the irony of his request .
` the .
huge scale of these reviews raises questions , and i would n't discourage .
the nao from looking at this area , ' he said .
` on this scale they must .
have serious financial implications , with hundreds of civil servants .
being diverted to work on them .
` these .
reviews could lead to delay and sclerosis inside departments , because .
civil servants will be hanging around waiting , rather than taking .
action .
` i would be very interested in knowing from the nao how much this all costs and how effective and economic it is .
' critics .
say the figures show david cameron has broken a pledge to slash the .
number of pointless reviews .
late last year the prime minister vowed to .
` cut through the dither ' , adding : ` if there is no need for a .
consultation , do n't have one .
' yet .
a year after saying in 2011 : ` it is hard to believe we need government .
regulations on issues such as ice-cream van jingles ' , his government set .
up a consultation on the very same issue .
the coalition has opened more than one inquiry for each day it has been in power , while george osborne 's treasury alone has set up 84 reviews .
an