the eurozone has fallen into a double dip recession , as the debt crisis even managed to slow germany 's powerhouse economy to a virtual standstill .
the 17-country bloc - which generates a fifth of global output - shrank by 0.1 per cent between july and september and by 0.2 per cent in the previous three months .
two falls in a row means a double dip recession .
and this time , germany and france , the eurozone 's biggest economies , could not save the region from a double-dip even though both their economies grew by 0.2 per cent .
the news comes a day after violence erupted in cities across europe as protesters took to the streets in spain , portugal , italy , greece and france to demonstrate against tough government austerity measures .
scroll down for video .
popular unrest : protesters take part in a demonstration during a general strike in valencia , spain .
the europe-wide cuts have proved divisive with eu policymakers saying they are crucial to .
ending the debt crisis but others blame them for the economic nosedive .
italy and spain are in the worst state , having been contracting for a year already , while greece is suffering an outright depression .
the good news is that while the european commission predicts a 0.4 per cent contraction for the eurozone in the whole of 2012 , it believes it will grow 0.1 per cent in 2013 .
experts hope that that growth , while small , will increase year on year .
riot police were forced to protect the portuguese parliament from angry protesters yesterday , while rubber bullets were fired on the streets of madrid , and there were running battles with police in milan and rome , and clashes in paris and lille .
meanwhile , germany 's predicament is prompting particular concern among economists , as the eurozone crisis takes an increasingly severe toll on its normally robust economy .
no respite : germany and france , led by francois .
hollande , left , and angela merkel , right , could not save the bloc from a .
double-dip even though .
both countries managed 0.2 per cent growth in the recent quarter .
showing solidarity : protesters in berlin , germany , join european day of action against austerity measures .
the