an arizona mother who let her three-year-old son pick out her outfits for five days as part of a fun bonding activity may have brought out her son 's hidden talent for style .
summer bellessa , a mother of two , fashion blogger , and actress decided to let her three-year-old son rockwell dress her last week and posted pictures of his daring choices on her blog the girls with glasses .
when it became clear that rockwell may have inherited his mother 's touch for fashion , bellessa let her son choose one final outfit and posted a video to youtube today of the styling session that almost has over 1,000 views .
scroll down for video .
he 's done it again !
: three-year-old rockwell chose this funky gold and polka dot outfit for his mother to wear as she runs her errands .
the short video began in mommy 's closet crammed with colorful shoes and outfits to choose from .
rockwell was immediately drawn to a pair of matching gold flats in bellessa 's closet .
those that read bellessa 's first blog post on babble.com might remember that rockwell sometimes likes to pick out two different types of shoes but now he 's moved on to choosing two types of skirts .
` polka dots !
' exclaims rockwell as he tugs with his little arm on a dress in his mother 's closet .
even though rockwell can pick out his outfits he still needs mommy 's help reaching the clothing sometimes .
going for the gold : rockwell picks his mom a pair of golden flats to wear and then chooses some quirky items to go along with them .
rockwell 's next decision is a long sequin skirt for his mother to wear under the dress .
yes , under the dress .
rockwell is no fashion minimalist as proved by the fact that he chooses a flower ring along with three necklace 's for his mother to wear .
bellessa explains that one of the necklaces belonged to rockwell 's great grandmother , another testament to the fact that style runs in their family .
polka dots !
: rockwell ca n't get enough of minnie mouse 's style so he chose a polka dot dress for mom .
never too much gold : rockwell pics a long golden