by .
hamish mackay .
published : .
08:55 est , 18 july 2014 .
| .
updated : .
10:26 est , 18 july 2014 .
the signing of alexis sanchez had arsenal fans jumping for joy at the prospect of the new season , much like the players in training .
arsene wenger returned from his world cup media duties in brazil to prepare for the club 's upcoming season .
their first friendly match is against borehamwood on saturday , a fixture they play every summer .
arsenal 's standout performer last season was undoubtedly aaron ramsey , and the 23-year-old believes the squad are in a good to progress after their fa cup victory .
video scroll down to watch first interviews with sanchez and debuchy as arsenal players .
jumping for joy : ramsey is put through his paces in pre-season training .
master and the pupil : ramsey has promised wenger and the fans that he will improve even further this season .
like a new signing : diaby returns from injury and coquelin returns from freiburg .
video one trophy not enough - arteta .
' i think we have a great opportunity , ' the welshman told arsenal.com .
` hopefully all the people that have played at the world cup come back strong and fit and we can hit the ground running when the season starts .
` the feeling we got after winning the fa cup was something special and i 'm sure that everybody wants the same thing again this season .
we 'll be giving it everything to win a few things this year .
` the media were always saying things like `` arsenal have n't won a trophy for this many years '' .
the number kept getting higher so it was important to win something to take that burden away .
it takes the pressure off us .
' i think the team has come on a long way in the last couple of seasons .
we 've grown a lot - there 's a great team spirit here , everybody wants to work for each other so we 'll give it a good go .
' safe hands : szczesny was kept out of arsenal 's fa cup run last season by the now departed fabianski .
high hopes : gedion zelalem and -lrb-