by .
paul thompson .
published : .
12:18 est , 28 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:18 est , 28 april 2013 .
accused : nina koistinen , pictured , is alleged to have suffocated the newborn baby at her home by pinching her nose and holding her hand over her mouth .
a mother of nine has admitted killing her six day old daughter because ` she had too many kids .
' nina koistinen is alleged to have suffocated the newborn baby at her home by pinching her nose and holding her hand over her mouth .
the 36-year-old initially told her husband she had fallen asleep on the baby called maya while feeding her in bed at home in phoenix , arizona .
but she later admitted to suffocating the infant and said she had too many children .
she also said she was jealous of the attention the newborn was getting from her husband bradley .
according to police koistinen 's husband found his six day-old daughter unresponsive on april 8th .
the newborn girl was rushed to hospital where she was pronounced dead .
court documents show that ` possible signs of suffocation ' were discovered during an autopsy , and police looked into child protection service reports on the mother of nine .
a review of past child protective services records found koistinen had made statements about wanting to smother some of her children and about wanting her children to go to heaven in a vehicle accident that appeared intentional , according to court documents .
detectives interviewed her a second time and said she admitted to smothering the baby .
according .
to the police report , the baby 's father was put in the interview room .
with koistinen and she ` admitted to him that she pinched maya 's nose , .
twisted , suffocated and smothered baby maya .
' scroll down for video .
home : according to police , koistinen 's husband found his six day-old daughter unresponsive at the family 's phoenix , arizona , home , pictured , on april 8th .
custody : according to the police report , the baby 's father was put in the interview room with koistinen , pictured , and she ` admitted to him that she pinched maya 's nose , twisted , suffocated and