the catholic church has taken a ` step in the right direction ' by holding talks on how to provide better spiritual care to homosexual members , gay rights activists said today .
following pope francis ' famous ` who am i to judge ?
' comment on homosexuality last year , bishops have repeatedly spoken of the need to change the church 's language towards gays from words of moral condemnation and judgment , to words of welcome and respect .
now for the first time a vatican meeting is discussing gay and lesbian issues within the church - a move described as ' a crack in the ice that we have been waiting for , for a very long time ' by the catholic gay rights group new ways ministry .
scroll down for video .
discussions : pope francis talks to prelates as he arrives for a morning session of a two-week synod on family issues , at the vatican this morning .
among the issues the synod will debate will be how to provide better spiritual care to homosexual members .
new era : the decision to include gay and lesbian issues at a meeting discussing catholic family values bears all the hallmarks of the progressive attitude the church has adopted under pope francis -lrb- pictured today -rrb- .
despite their apparent softening on the issue , the vatican 's top canon lawyer was keen to make clear that the ongoing discussions will not focus on changing the church 's doctrine on homosexuality , nor will it lead to an endorsement of gay marriage or even gay unions .
but the decision to include gay and lesbian issues at a meeting discussing catholic family values bears all the hallmarks of the progressive attitude the church has adopted under pope francis .
on the other hand the last pope , benedict xvi , penned some of the modern catholic church 's key documents opposing homosexuality when he was head the vatican 's orthodoxy office in the 1980s .
' i think what we 're seeing is a crack in the ice that we have been waiting for , for a very long time , ' said francis debernardo , executive director of new ways ministry .
` it 's a sign of a first step .
' church teaching holds that gay acts are ` intrinsically disordered