the words ` richie mccaw ' and a ` below par performance in scotland ' is music to the ears of vern cotter and his coaching staff .
unfortunately though for the scotland coach , mccaw 's display was on a golf course instead of a rugby pitch .
the new zealand captain enjoyed a round of golf with his team-mates at east lothian 's gullane golf club on wednesday ahead of saturday 's match against scotland at murrayfield .
new zealand captain richie mccaw enjoyed a round of golf at east lothian 's gullane golf club on wednesday .
mccaw -lrb- second left -rrb- was joined by team-mates beauden barrett , tj perenara and israel dagg -lrb- centre to right -rrb- .
scottish golfing legend sandy lyle -lrb- right -rrb- watched on as the rugby stars tried their hand at a different sport .
lyle -lrb- left -rrb- showed perenara how it 's done after he struggled in the rough at the gullane golf club .
perenara -lrb- left -rrb- and barrett both came off the bench in new zealand 's 24-21 win against england last week .
the duo enjoyed their round of golf on a buggy as they took time out from playing rugby on wednesday .
mccaw was all smiles as he beauden barrett , israel dagg and tj perenara played the course under the tutelage of two-time major golf champion sandy lyle .
and although their rugby credentials are n't in question , the same could n't necessarily be said for their golfing pedigree with perenara , in particular , finding himself in the rough at times .
scotland will be hoping the quartet will be having a rough time too on saturday when the southern hemisphere giants come to murrayfield looking to protect their undefeated record against the scots .
the last time the two sides met in scotland two years ago new zealand romped to a 51-22 win to stretch their unbeaten run to 29 tests against the hosts .
fresh from playing their part in a 24-21 win against england last week , the all blacks quartet will be looking for a similar outcome on saturday .
mccaw -lrb- left -rrb- and dagg both played in new zealand 's 51-22 win against scotland two years ago .