ryan taylor 's knee injury is not as serious as first feared and the newcastle midfielder will only need five weeks of rest before returning to training .
the 30-year-old was forced off after just 33 minutes of his first premier league start in 32 months during saturday 's 1-0 win over qpr .
taylor has twice battled back from cruciate ligament injuries and returned after two years on the sidelines at manchester city last month .
video scroll down to watch sportsmail 's big match stats : newcastle 1-0 qpr .
ryan taylor receives treatment to his knee in the first half of newcastle 's game against qpr .
taylor was forced off with a knee injury after 33 minutes of his first premier league start in 32 months .
taylor walks out after getting injured during newcastle 's game against qpr on saturday at st james ' park .
taylor , who looked visibly upset to be going off with an injury , shakes hands with manager alan pardew .
ryan taylor exclusively discusses his return ahead of newcastle vs qpr .
click here to read the full story .
but the scouser succumbed to injury on his st james ' park comeback and there were concerns that he had suffered a reoccurrence of the same problem .
manager alan pardew held his hands together and looked to the heavens as taylor made his way down the tunnel - and it appears those prayers have now been answered .
moussa sissoko 's strike was enough for pardew 's side to take all three points and record their fifth straight win - which moved them up to fifth in the premier league table .
taylor poses after unveiling the new mural of 2,000 newcastle united fans that took selfies on friday .
taylor unveiled a mural featuring 2,000 fans outside st james ' park on friday ahead of the match vs qpr .
the mural was created and installed by sponsors wonga.com outside of newcastle 's st james ' park .
taylor has been recalling the devastating injury that kept the defender out of action for newcastle .
taylor speaks with sportsmail 's craig hope in the changing rooms at newcastle 's st james ' park .