there are so many make-up trends these days and a myriad of ways to highlight the parts of our face we like and conceal the flaws we 're not so happy about .
and then there 's the choices about eyeliner style - do you like a thick flicked line or a more subtle touch for just that dash of eye definition ?
frankly it can be hard to decide what to slap on where and many of us still do n't quite grasp what suits our faces - but thanks to this amazing infographic , we might just be that little bit closer .
illustrating the six main face shapes , it explains which eyebrow shapes suit each one best and how to pluck properly , plus how to pick the best blusher and perfect the ever-difficult smokey eye .
pretty face !
the six main faces shapes and which eyebrows suits it best .
so whether you 're an oval , long , round , .
square , heart and diamond-shaped face , you can see not only which .
eyebrow shape suits you but precisely how to achieve it too , .
step-by-step .
the .
infographic was created by the london digital web agency , datadial , and .
commissioned by www.cosmeticsurgeryclinic.co.uk , to make basic makeup .
easier than ever .
another feature shows a face with sections clearly detailing where you should highlight and where you should contour .
highlighting and contouring can be complicated but this step by step guide shows you exactly where to apply your make-up for the best result .
write caption here .
there 's also brilliantly detailed and illustrated explanations on how to achieve nine different eyeliner shapes : the double flick , panda smudge , slep-in smudge , soft smoke , arabic , classic , thin flick , double mod and the affectionately-named , ` winehouse , ' a nod to the late amy winehouse 's trademark black liquid eyeliner with a thick wing in the outer crease .
it 's tips .
include which blushers you should use for which skins .
for example , if .
you have oily skin , powder blush is best and , if you have pale skin , .
pink and coral colours suit most .
makeup must-know : whatever shape eyes or skin tone you have , there 's