iain duncan smith said new arrivals in british schools ` literally change the schooling because so many people arrive not speaking english ' the character of britain 's schools is being altered by the influx of migrant children who do not speak english , iain duncan smith said last night .
the work and pensions secretary said new arrivals in many communities ` literally change the schooling because so many people arrive not speaking english ' .
his comments put him at odds with education secretary nicky morgan , who has tried to downplay the impact of migration on schools .
she insisted earlier this month that schools were ` doing extremely well ' with students from abroad .
mr duncan smith also warned about the potential future cost to the exchequer when young migrants grow old and ` start taking from the state ' .
he dismissed as ` silly ' recent research which suggested european migrants had made a # 20billion contribution to the uk between 2001 and 2011 .
he told bbc radio 5 live 's pienaar 's politics : ` i thought there was a silly report recently in the last couple of weeks that said in tax terms they have contributed more .
` first of all you have to take them all the way through to when they get older and they actually start taking from the state , you do n't account for the fact that often in many communities they literally change the schooling because so many people arrive not speaking english .
` you have then got problems with local services , transport , all that kind of stuff .
' yesterday , in his second major intervention on immigration in a week , sir john major called for britain to be allowed to suspend free movement for up to a year and restrict arrivals from the continent .
the former tory pm said britain needed ` a little help ' to deal with the ` huge bulge ' in the number of migrants , boosting britain 's population by seven per cent in a decade .
` i think there are some practical things that could be done that do n't infringe the principle but do meet the problem , ' he said .
his suggestion echoes plans for an ` emergency brake ' mechanism being discussed at the highest