by .
ellie zolfagharifard .
published : .
06:05 est , 23 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:45 est , 23 september 2013 .
archaeologists have literally walked through history after discovering britain 's oldest pavement .
the unique stone pathway was built more than 4,000 years ago and is the only one of its kind in the uk .
experts at the site claim the 4ft wide stone walkway - known as a ` crystal causeway ' or ` processional pathway ' - originally linked two ceremonial circles .
archaeologists have literally walked through history after discovering britain 's oldest pavement .
a team from cornwall 's historic environment department has spent the past week at the hurlers stone circles site near minions on bodmin moor .
the wider significance and exact date of the enigmatic structure will only be known after tests are carried out on material taken from beneath .
dig director james gossip said several clues to the bronze age people who built it have been found including two flint tools .
several clues to the bronze age people who built it have also been found including two flint tools -lrb- left -rrb- .
a team from cornwall 's historic environment department has spent the past week at the hurlers stone circles near minions carefully uncovering a monument believed to be the only one of its kind in the british isles .
he said : ` what they will be looking for is evidence of burnt material , such as seeds , sealed beneath the pavement .
` this will be radio carbon dated to give a pretty accurate time of its construction and help to verify our assumption that this is a 4,000-year-old structure contemporary with the circles .
' the dig was part of a wider heritage lottery-funded project called mapping the sun , organised by caradon hill area heritage project .
the unique stone pathway was built more than 4,000 years ago and is the only one of its kind in the uk .
experts at the site claim the 4ft wide stone walkway - known as a ` crystal causeway ' or ` processional pathway ' - originally linked two ceremonial circles -lrb- left -rrb- on the right is a demonstration of how the builders may have done iron age dying using woad plant .
lead archaeologist jacky nowakowski