a black connecticut police officer who was recently acquitted in a brutality case has been targeted in a threatening , racist memo apparently sent by a fellow cop .
the note , written on official letterhead and starting with the words ` white power ' , was found in internal mailboxes in bridgeport 's police department day room , which is only accessible by officers .
` officer clive higgins does n't belong here in this police department , ' reads the note , which was shared by nbc connecticut .
` these black officers belong in the toilet .
' higgins , 49 , was acquitted last month in a 2011 police brutality case .
footage had emerged showing him and two other officers kicking a suspected drug dealer after the man had been tasered .
scroll down for videos .
terrifying : police officers in bridgeport , connecticut received this memo , written on official letterhead , in their internal mailboxes .
the note targets a black officer acquitted last month in a police brutality case .
acquitted : officer clive higgins , pictured outside court with his wife last august , was the target of the racist memo .
he was acquitted last year of police brutality .
the other two officers , elson morales and joseph lawlor , both pleaded guilty while higgins , who was seen arriving after the other two officers had already subdued the suspect , pleaded not guilty .
morales and lawlor both agreed to resign from the police department after pleading guilty , while higgins remains at the force .
` he does n't belong here , ' the memo continues .
` he did n't even support his fellow officers in court .
where were you higgins ?? you better watch your back .
. we know where you live .
` remember you have no duty weapon to defend yourself .
' the startling letter also claims that the chief and assistant chief want higgins out of the department .
bridgeport police detective harold dimbo told nbc connecticut that he believes a member of the department wrote the memo because of where it was found .
in a statement on tuesday , dimbo , who is also vice president of the bridgeport guardians , a minority officers ' organization , said the letter is ` creating a hostile work