ahead of the final premier league action of 2014 , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats .
here is all the information you need for southampton 's home clash with chelsea ... southampton vs chelsea -lrb- st mary 's -rrb- .
team news .
southampton .
on-loan southampton full-back ryan bertrand is ineligible to face parent club chelsea , but manager ronald koeman can call upon captain jose fonte .
matthew targett is likely to come in for bertrand at left-back on sunday , when saints skipper fonte is likely to return whether the manager keeps with the 3-5-2 formation or not .
ryan bertrand is ineligible to play for southampton , because he is on loan from opponents chelsea .
shane long , dusan tadic and victor wanyama could come in after starting from the bench in the boxing day win at crystal palace , but jay rodriguez -lrb- cruciate ligament -rrb- , sam gallagher -lrb- knee -rrb- and jack cork -lrb- knock -rrb- remain out .
provisional squad : forster , k davis , gazzaniga , clyne , targett , alderweireld , gardos , fonte , yoshida , mccarthy , s davis , gape , hesketh , schneiderlin , ward-prowse , tadic , wanyama , reed , mane , isgrove , mcqueen , mayuka , long , pelle , seager .
chelsea .
chelsea manager jose mourinho has a full squad to choose from as the barclays premier league leaders travel to southampton on sunday .
jose mourinho has no injury or suspensions to worry about but could rotate his squad .
the blues boss has no injury concerns or suspended players , but is likely to make changes for the blues ' second match in three days .
andre schurrle , john obi mikel , filipe luis and didier drogba are among those who could come in .
provisional squad : courtois , cech , ivanovic , luis , fabregas , zouma , ake , ramires , oscar , hazard , drogba , mikel , schurrle , salah , remy , costa , matic , willian , cahill , terry , azpilicueta , schwarzer .
kick-off : sunday 2.05 pm - sky sports 1 .
odds -lrb- subject to change -rrb- : .
southampton 7/2 .