perth glory supporters , who set off a series of flares , will face the prospect of a five year ban after the club slumped to a 3-0 defeat to sydney fc .
police have charged two teenagers for allegedly setting off flares during which a 13-year-old boy suffered burns to his leg at around 7.10 pm in friday 's clash at nib stadium in perth .
the 16-year-old boy , from bicton , has been charged with grievous bodily harm and use of signals and flares .
he will appear before the perth children 's court on may 6 .
the 15-year-old , from palmyra , has been charged with grievous bodily harm and will appear in perth children 's court on may 8 .
scroll down for video .
perth glory fans set off a flare during the round 25 a-league match between the perth glory and sydney fc at nib stadium on friday night .
as angry fans vented their frustration at the club 's hierarchy on friday , a series of flares were set off within the club 's active supporter group section amid wild scenes .
things escalated after sydney went 3-0 up in the second half , with the supporter base venturing onto the concourse to set off more flares .
nib stadium operators venueswest has threatened a five year ban on the patrons who were involved with setting the flares off within the stadium , perth now reports .
venueswest chief executive david etherton said the organisation will work with police to investigate the incident and cctv footage to collect all related evidence .
` anyone who is caught setting off flares within nib stadium will immediately receive a lengthy ban , ' he said .
the crowd gather to watch a flare set off during the match as sydney fc go on to win the match 3-0 .
perth glory supporters , who set off a series of flares , will face the prospect of a five year ban .
the incident follows as glory were evicted from competing in the finals series and fined $ 269,000 after being found guilty of breaching the salary cap over a three-year period .
football federation australia claimed the club deliberately hid salary cap rorting for three seasons and failing to disclose payments and benefits to at least six players .
despite the club sitting