the internet craze for selfies has been branded the ultimate expression of vanity , with david cameron and barack obama among those castigated for posing for self-portraits that were later put online .
but now the selfie has been put to good use -- celebrities are posting pictures of themselves to campaign against oil exploration off the coast of ibiza , the mediterranean playground for the rich and famous .
bearing home-made banners with the slogan ` ibiza says no ' , stars including kate moss , singer sophie ellis-bextor , and dj fatboy slim and his wife zoe ball have posted selfies on the internet and signed a petition lobbying the spanish government not to lease territory to oil giant cairn energy .
campaign : kate moss , charlotte tilbury and an unknown friend hold up a home-made banner bearing the slogan ` ibiza says no !
' in a picture posted to the internet as part of a push to stop oil drilling off ibiza .
not in my backyard : dj norman cook , aka fatboy slim , and wife zoe ball show their support for the campaign .
protest : the singer sophie ellis-bextor , whose tracks are iconic in the ibiza club scene , and model laura bailey .
the petition , which now has 60,000 signatures , will be submitted this week by the ibiza preservation fund , a consortium of businesses and residents .
singer james blunt , who lives on ibiza , model laura bailey , make-up artist charlotte tilbury and designer alice temperley are among others who have also posted selfies to show support .
although it is best known as a party destination , ibiza is a unesco world heritage site .
the deep waters around the balearic island are home to the endangered bluefin tuna , the striped dolphin , the long-finned pilot whale and sperm whales .
` we were horrified to discover that the spanish government had quietly passed a law on christmas eve granting cairn energy rights to prospect for oil just 15 miles off our coast , ' says actress lisa bilton , who is helping to lead the campaign through the twitter hashtag #ibizasaysno .
unesco world heritage site : it 's not just a party island , the deep waters around ibiza are home to the endangered bluefin tuna , the striped dolphin