a new york woman has been indicted for collecting more than $ 47,000 in medicaid benefits while living a luxury lifestyle of mansions and fancy cars .
hasime lika , 34 , is accused of hiding her assets to claim state benefits for herself and her children through medicaid , a program that provides help to new yorkers who ca n't afford medical care , between 2006 and 2011 .
all the while , prosecutors claim , she was living in a $ 2.4 million mansion in the todt hill area of staten island and driving around in a rolls royce and a mercedes .
indicted : hasime lika is accused of claiming more than $ 47,000 in benefits fraudulently .
brooklyn district attorney charles hynes says lika used her maiden name to file for benefits and claimed to live in williamsburg , brooklyn .
hynes says lika generally uses the surname of her common-law husband bill lika , a wealthy property owner who owns 14 rental properties in new york and has assets of more than $ 5 million .
according to abc , hasime lika 's name is on the deed to the $ 2.4 million mansion she and her husband bought without a mortgage in 2007 , just months after she filed for benefits .
opulent : lika lives in this staten island mansion , and not in brooklyn 's williamsburg as she claimed when filing for benefits , say prosecutors .
the house has a three-car garage , a pool and a large fountain in the front yard .
lika also had $ 35,000 in her checking account that she failed to declare at the time she applied for benefits for herself and her children , say prosecutors .
they also allege that when re-certifying her medicaid applications between 2006 and 2012 , she never disclosed her relationship with bill lika .
` this case is an egregious example of an individual who lied to the system by hiding income and a plethora of luxurious resources to abuse one of new york city 's most vital public benefit programs meant to serve those truly in need , ' said hra commissioner robert doar in a prepared statement .
wealthy : lika refused to answer questions as she left the court and ran to dodge reporters and photographers .
lika is charged with welfare fraud and grand