british combat troops will not be deployed in afghanistan again ` under any circumstances ' , the defence secretary has vowed .
michael fallon said yesterday : ` we are not going to send combat troops back into afghanistan .
we 've made that very , very clear .
under any circumstances , combat troops will not be going in there .
' his comments came as british troops were forced to make one last assault on taliban positions as they prepared for withdrawal from camp bastion .
royal artillery gunners fired 105mm shells from the base into enemy positions several miles outside the wire .
scroll down for video .
last mission : as british troops prepared to withdraw from camp bastion , the royal artillery 105mm light gun crew fire out and over the perimeter of the base on their last fire mission to deter taliban .
as the uk prepares to withdraw all combat personnel from afghanistan by the end of the year , mr fallon admitted ` mistakes were made ' by both senior military officials and politicians during the campaign in the country .
he told the bbc 's andrew marr show : ` i think the generals have been clear that mistakes were made .
mistakes were made militarily and mistakes were made by the politicians at the time .
` clearly the numbers were n't there at the beginning , the equipment was n't quite good enough at the beginning , and we have learnt an awful lot from the campaign .
mistakes : defence secretary michael fallon told the bbc 's andrew marr show that ` mistakes were made ' by both senior military officials and politicians during the campaign in afghanistan .
` but do n't let 's ignore what has been achieved .
` we have now some six million people in school in afghanistan , three million of them girls .
there is access in helmand to healthcare and to education in that province that simply did n't exist ten years ago .
' military chiefs admitted yesterday that only ` time will tell ' whether the afghan national security forces will be able to keep camp bastion and the helmand province out of the hands of the taliban .
but they said the british campaign in the country had given a new ` sense of hope ' to