by .
colin fernandez .
updated : .
12:31 est , 19 october 2011 .
judging from the opulence of his tomb , he was a revered viking warrior destined to take his place in valhalla among the honoured dead .
laid to rest in a 17ft boat with his sword , axe and bronze drinking horn , the powerful norseman 's burial site has been discovered by archaeologists in a remote part of the scottish highlands .
the grave , unearthed in ardnamurchan , is the first of its kind to be found intact on the british mainland and is thought to date from 1,000 ad -- the height of the ` second viking age ' .
pagan ritual : a sketch of how the boat burial would have looked .
what a find !
arcaheologist helena gray with the sword and other artefacts .
rusty : a sword , axe head and a bronze ring pin found at the burial site .
for almost 200 years , from the end of .
the eighth century until the reign of alfred the great , danish and .
norwegian pirates had harassed and looted the british coast at will , and .
towards the end of that period moved further inland in a war of .
conquest .
but in the 870s , alfred -- and later .
his descendants -- united england against the viking invaders , driving .
them out of their english strongholds and back to scandinavia .
they did not return for more than a century , and when they did , peace was shattered .
remarkable find : dr oliver harris examines a sword with another archaeologist at the burial site .
close inspection : dr hannah cobb , co-director of the ardnamurchan transitions project , studies a viking sword .
the anglo-saxons , by now ruled by the .
hapless aethelred the unready , were once again put to the sword , and .
huge amounts of money and goods were extorted from the native population .
in the form of danegeld -- a tax raised by the vikings .
by 1016 , the conquest was completed when canute became the first danish king of all england .
it is from this period that the tomb .
dates , and its elaborate contents show how wealthy the vikings had .
become .
many were