by .
associated press .
authorities said ailing radio host casey kasem was on vacation and not in danger when they found him in washington state this week .
a los angeles judge on monday expressed concerns about his whereabouts and safety amid a dispute between his wife and children from another marriage but the sheriff 's office in kitsap county , west of seattle , tracked him down the next day .
he was at a home where he and his wife , jean , had been staying with longtime friends , deputy scott wilson said .
scroll down for video .
found : radio icon casey kasem has been found outside of seattle and is in acceptable health in spite of his children 's claims to the contrary -lrb- pictured in 2003 -rrb- .
on vacation : he was at a home where he and his wife , jean , had been staying with longtime friends in kitsup county outside of seattle .
` we know he has an affliction , but he was alert , upright , dressed , groomed and cognizant of what was going on , ' wilson said .
` we see a lot of at-risk adults and children .
this was n't anywhere close to being suspicious .
' kasem , 82 , gained fame with his radio music countdown shows , ` american top 40 ' and ` casey 's top 40 , ' and he was the voice of shaggy in the cartoon ` scooby doo .
' his children rejoiced after days of uncertainty .
` we are grateful to the local authorities for finding my dad , ' kasem 's daughter , kerri kasem , wrote in a statement .
` we are one step closer to bringing him home .
' los angeles superior court judge daniel s. murphy on monday ordered adult protective services and court investigators to try to locate kasem after an attorney for his wife said he did not know where kasem was .
worried : kerri kasem has been made a temporary caretaker for her father and a judge demanded an investigation into his disappearance .
wife and husband : casey and his wife jean , shown in 2004 in holllywood , california , have been married since 1980 .
apparently unaware that he had already been located , the children filed a