by .
james chapman .
brussels has infuriated ministers with a provocative series of proposals to boost economic growth in britain -- including higher taxes , new levies on expensive homes , and more free childcare .
the european commission acknowledged the uk economy had roared back to life over the past year , but warned of ` imbalances ' that required action from the treasury .
but tories highlighted the ` irony ' of the advice at a time when the british economy is storming ahead of the rest of europe , and urged george osborne to treat it as ` spam in his inbox ' .
provocative series of proposals : the european commission acknowledged the uk economy had roared back to life over the past year , but warned of ` imbalances ' that required action from the treasury .
in an assessment of the state of the main eu economies , the commission identified ` risks in the housing sector ' as a problem for the uk and backed calls from other international organisations for the state 's help to buy scheme to be reined in .
the intervention -- after voters used .
recent european parliament elections to reject eu meddling -- met with a .
scathing response in westminster .
one government source , pointing out uk growth had outstripped european rivals , said : ` how do you spell irony ?
' dominic raab , conservative mp for esher and walton , said : ` having helped bankrupt the eurozone and delivered the biggest anti-eu election results in history , the chancellor can be forgiven for treating the commission 's advice as spam when it arrives in his inbox .
' most controversially , the ec floated .
the idea of new property and land levies to hit more expensive homes , .
suggesting council tax is out of date because it is based on 1991 house .
prices .
on the public finances , the commission .
said the uk had ` missed its headline deficit targets ' and called for a .
` growth-friendly approach ' which prioritised spending on infrastructure .
projects .
` the way forward ' : commission president jose manuel barroso -lrb- pictured -rrb- said member states ` must now play their part in seeing these reforms through , even if we know that sometimes they are