by .
daily mail reporter .
two chinese men caught stealing dogs to sell to restaurants were savagely beaten by a vigilante mob after they stole four pets while in a southern village .
the two men are accused of several pet dog thefts in and around guilin city in southern china 's guangxi autonomous region , which they would sell as meat to cafes and eateries .
however , when the pair was caught red-handed by one angry villager , it did not take long before a large crowd were attacking them with bricks and bats , beating them bloody .
caught : the two dog-thieves were caught in action by a pet-owner in a village in southern china who called out to his neighbors who attacked the men .
dog 's dinner : the men were known in the area for drugging and stealing pet dogs and selling them on to restaurants .
revenge : one angry villager attacks the two thieves ' car in sanjiang village , guangxi .
guilin city police said the pair would drive into small villages with their windows open , listening for barking dogs .
when they came across a decent sized animal , they would throw meat laced with a sedative into the yard , and then return half an hour later , after the drugged meat had been eaten .
they would then free the dog , and hit it over the head to kill it before throwing the body in the back of the car .
but after loading their fourth animal after striking in sanjiang village they were spotted by a dog owner who was just returning home and saw them dragging his pet to the car .
the man alerted his neighbours who rushed out and joined in forming an angry , violent mob .
witnesses : a large crowd gathered to see justice served by the hands of the people in the small chinese village .
rule of the mob : the crowd was so angry they refused to hand over the men to the police , but kept beating them in the street .
evil acts : the two men were dragged out of the car by the angry mob , and found to have several drugged and dead dogs in their vehicle .
the men : the thieves , pictured with the dogs they