facebook users in the u.s. will soon be able to see which of their friends are nearby using a new feature that the company launched on thursday .
the nearby friends feature must be turned on by the user , so people should n't expect to broadcast their location unknowingly .
it will use your smartphone 's gps system to tell your facebook friends you are nearby - provided they have the feature turned on as well .
rather than share your exact location , it will show only that you are nearby , say , within half a mile .
the nearby friends feature uses your smartphone 's gps system to tell your facebook friends you are nearby - provided that you both have the new feature turned on .
if you like , you can manually share a more precise location with a specific friend you 'd like to meet up with .
friends can see where you 're located in a particular park , airport or city block .
by default , your exact location will be shared for only an hour , although you can change this .
nearby friends launches amid the growing popularity of location-based mobile dating apps such as tinder and hinge .
but unlike those apps , facebook 's feature will let you meet up only with people who are already your friends .
facebook , whose motto has long been ` move fast and break things , ' built a lot of precautions in this new tool as it tries to avoid privacy fiascos that often bubble up when it makes changes to its service .
the new motto , ` ship love , ' is evident in the cautious rollout of nearby friends , said jules polonetsky , director of the future of privacy forum , an industry-backed think tank in washington .
he has advised facebook on privacy issues , including the latest feature .
unless you manually share your location , as shown here , nearby friends will only show facebook friends that you are in close proximity , say within half a mile .
he believes facebook is showing ` a deeper appreciation that with a billion users , any change needs to be implemented in a way that does n't surprise the audience .
' that 's especially so when it comes to privacy , especially