he 's called mick , possesses a pair of remarkably large lips and likes nothing better than commanding the attention of an admiring crowd .
indeed this little lumpsucker fish is a star attraction at the lyme regis aquarium in dorset .
the next time sir mick jagger is down that way perhaps he should call in and compare pouts with his namesake .
trout pout : the fish has been delighting locals with its impressions of mick jagger .
fish lips : mick jagger should pop in and compare pouts with his namesake .
the fish also seems to share jagger 's .
womanizing ways , as although they are normally a dull grey , they turn a .
bright , vivid red colour for the mating season to show they are sexually .
available .
rolling stones frontman mick jagger , 69 , is famous for his pouting lips and expressive mouth that he passed onto his model daughters georgia may , jade and elizabeth jagger .
lumpsucker fish are small marine fish that are found in the cold waters of the arctic , north atlantic , and mostly in the north pacific ocean .
the rolling stones frontman not only famous for his lips but also for his womanizing ways .
moves like jagger : the fish is normally a dull grey but turns bright red for the mating season .
they have spherical , portly bodies and ` suckers ' which are really modified pelvic fins which have evolved in adhesive disks .
they are poor swimmers and spend most of their time near the bottom of the ocean at depths of up to 1,700 metres .
the lyme regis aquarium has introduced the lumpsucker fish as its latest attraction for the people of dorset .
legacy : mick jagger passed on his famous lips to his model daughters , including georgia may -lrb- left -rrb- and elizabeth -lrb- right -rrb- .
they aim to encourage children and adults to discover close up the local fish and marine life of the jurassic coast and learn about lyme 's maritime history .
as well as the lumpsucker they have lobster , starfish , ballan wrasse , short spined sea scorpion , and a sea mouse .
kids are also encouraged to feed the mullet daily .