a long-lost leonardo da vinci masterpiece thought to be worth # 90million and discovered in a bank vault is finally being returned to italy .
the painting of renaissance socialite isabella d'este , attributed by experts to da vinci , was seized by police after being found in a bank vault in switzerland in 2013 .
investigators said the piece had been exported illegally and was in danger of being sold on to an investment fund in the uk .
scroll down for video .
rediscovered : leonardo da vinci 's portrait of isabella d'este , which was seized by swiss police after it was found in a bank vault in the country in 2013 and is now finally being returned to italy .
the portrait , which had been missing for centuries , was uncovered among 400 pieces of art stored in the vault .
but in a further twist , when art police ruled the painting had been exported illegally and went to the vault to seize it , they found it had gone missing again .
incredibly , it surfaced for a second time last year during a car insurance fraud , when italian police discovered a lawyer was trying to negotiate its sale for # 90million .
prosecutor manfredi palumbo said : ` as part of a separate insurance fraud investigation came to know that an italian lawyer in pessaro had been made the agent to tell a painting attributed to da vinci for no less than 95 million euros -lrb- # 70m -rrb- .
` just before we seized it we discovered that the lawyer was in negotiations to sell the painting to a uk fund for 120 million euros -lrb- # 90m -rrb- .
' ` once it arrives back in italy , we will conduct further investigations to establish who really owns the work .
' genius : da vinci , left , also painted the world famous mona lisa , right .
carlo pedretti of the university of california said tests showed there were ` no doubts ' that the latest portrait was the work of da vinci .
experts have attributed the painting to da vinci using carbon dating and pointing to a 1499 pencil sketch of the noblewoman that hangs in the louvre museum in paris .
the pigments are the same and the priming of the canvas is prepared