fast food giant domino 's is selling ` frankenfood ' pizzas to customers while claiming to be ` gm-free ' on its website .
it has emerged that their ` thin and crispy ' pizza bases have been made using genetically modified soya bean oil and maize flour since february .
waitrose has also been selling imported american confectionery which contains gm sugar beet and a soya derivative and marks & spencer has been stocking american sauces and cookies containing gm soya and corn -- even though the firm has previously boasted about not using gm ingredients .
fast food giant domino 's is selling ` frankenfood ' pizzas to customers while claiming to be ` gm-free ' on its website .
the double-dealing has been identified by gm freeze , which is campaigning to raise awareness about how gm foods are creeping into the national diet without the knowledge and approval of consumers .
the group 's director , liz o'neill , is now demanding an investigation to see if domino 's has broken labelling laws -- as firms using gm ingredients are required to label their use .
she said : ` domino 's website currently contradicts itself .
if they have introduced gm ingredients to their pizza crusts then customers should be told much more clearly .
` people in the uk have demonstrated time and again that they do n't want to eat gm food and the fsa 's public attitudes survey recently showed concern about gm at an all-time high .
` whether people are motivated by concern for declining wildlife and flourishing superweeds , for the wider ethical issues around gm farming or just their own personal choice , we all have the right to know what we are buying before we get to the till .
' waitrose has also been selling imported american confectionery which contains gm sugar beet and a soya derivative .
domino 's has confirmed that it has been using thin and crispy pizza bases with gm ingredients since the beginning of february after its usual supplier in ireland had a factory fire which stopped production .
the firm apologised for not updating its website , and confirmed that it hopes to return to using non-gm bases in september .
m&s said its decision to stock gm products ` in no way affects our commitment to only using non-gm