by .
emily davies .
published : .
12:24 est , 28 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:24 est , 28 march 2013 .
mohammed javid , 28 , was jailed for two years after masterminding a series of insurance scams .
a law graduate who masterminded a series of ` cash for crash ' insurance scams was jailed for two years today .
mohammed javid , 28 , claimed # 80,000 in a number of ` highly significant frauds ' including faked car accidents , burst water pipes and false benefit claims .
the father-of-one even claimed to be renting a house he owned back to himself , and that a fictitious passenger had sustained injuries from one of the crashes .
sentencing at bristol crown court , recorder waddington said his crimes were committed out of pure greed .
he said : ` you spent a great deal of time and effort trying to extract money from the state and from various insurance companies in a number of different ways .
` i am only able to conclude these offences were committed more out of greed on your part than what can be said to be necessity .
` you are a person who is not destitute and you have got yourself into trouble you are now in by engaging in this course of conduct .
` there is only one option on the fact and that is a prison sentence .
' the court heard that javid , from blackburn , lancashire , used a number of false names to claim money from insurance companies and the department of work and pensions .
javid staged three car accidents and claimed a total of more than # 40,000 from insurers - although he had only received # 4,200 before charges were brought .
in one case in march 2011 , javid , along with brother-in-law and co-defendant shabeer ahmad , 30 , created a crash between a vauxhall astra and a toyota celica and claimed # 2,500 for the written-off car , of which only # 1,500 was awarded .
in november 2010 javid claimed more than # 18,000 for the fictional hire of a mercedes , car repairs and injuries to a passenger who did not exist .
as evidence of his claim javid submitted fictitious invoices and told insurers his passenger , who