jennifer pan was sentenced to life in prison after hatching a fake home invasion in order to try and murder her parents in november 2010 .
an ontario judge called a toronto woman 's plot to have her parents killed in their own home an ` unfathomable ' betrayal before sentencing her to life in prison .
jennifer pan , 28 , was convicted of first-degree murder as well as attempted murder in december 2014 .
the attack she arranged on nov. 8 , 2010 , left her mother bieh ha pan dead and father hann pan with a serious head wound .
she was found guilty alongside pan were her boyfriend daniel wong and the two thugs she hired to help carry out her diabolical plot -- lenford crawford and david mylvaganam .
according to the prosecution , pan was obsessed with wong and snapped when her parents forbade her from seeing him .
all four got life sentences friday with no parole chances for parole for 25 years on the murder conviction and life for attempted murder with the sentences to be served concurrently , the national post reports .
the trial for fifth person , eric carty , has yet to begin .
judge cary boswell said he handed down the maximum sentence for attempted murder because hann pann only survived the ` crime of terrifying violence ' through sheer luck .
` each of the offenders knew that he or she was involved in a murder plot , ' and understood the ` abject immorality ' of it , boswell said .
pan 's family members did not attend the trial .
however her father and brother did send written statements .
hann pan wrote : ` when i lost my wife , i lost my daughter at the same time .
on the day bieh died , i feel i died too .
' pan said he can not work and has been unable to return to the family home since the attack .
and with the murder case so widely known , it has been impossible to sell the house .
' i hope my daughter jennifer thinks about what happened to her family and can become a good , honest person someday , ' he wrote .
pan 's brother , felix , says the murders will follow him the rest of his