by .
bianca london .
her sister beatrice usually represents the royal set at the smartest restaurants , events and clubs but in her absence yesterday , princess eugenie held fort quite capably .
the energetic 24-year-old attended four events in just 12 hours yesterday , looking smart and chic .
in a summery white dress , which she teamed with strappy black sandals .
and a studded box clutch .
the young royal began the day at a royal garden party at buckingham palace alongside the duchess of cambridge , then dashed to an art gala in central london , followed by an intimate justin timberlake gig and then finished the night off at celebrity hotspot , tonteria .
it 's been a long day !
royal couple princess eugenie and boyfriend jack brooksbank left the intimate justin timberlake gig and headed off to party at tonteria .
the young princess was joined by her .
54-year-old mother , sarah ferguson , duchess of york , at the art antiques london gala .
evening in aid of children in crisis at kensington gardens .
sarah was clearly looking forward to the .
event , as she tweeted on may 18 in anticipation : ' 4 weeks until art .
antiques london gala in aid of @childrencrisis , a wonderful evening for a .
cause close to my heart .
' while her daughter added this comment on the children in crisis website : ` the night promises to be one .
of intrigue and excitement , taking you on a journey back in time to .
remember your childhood .
it will be a very unique , and fantastic event .
raising vital funds needed to support the work of children in crisis .
' the event , at # 75 a ticket , was priced at the equivalent cost of sending a child to school for a year in liberia .
hours earlier : princess eugenie of york -lrb- left -rrb- and sarah ferguson , duchess of york -lrb- right -rrb- , attended the art antiques london gala evening in aid of children in crisis at kensington gardens before the gig .
close friends : while prince harry and cressida bonas ' relationship is reportedly over , she and princess eugenie of york proved that they 're still firm friends at last night 's art gala .
summer