by .
jill reilly .
published : .
03:21 est , 16 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:40 est , 16 august 2013 .
released : valentino ianetti has been accused of stabbing his wife to death .
a husband accused of stabbing his wife 47 times has been released from jail after spending three years awaiting a trial .
valentino ianetti , 63 , was released from the sussex county jail after .
the prosecutor 's office , unable to prove its case , requested that all .
criminal charges be dismissed .
mr ianetti was accused of killing his wife of 37 years pamela ianetti , 57 , at their stanhope home in 2009 .
on the night his wife died according to an arrest affidavit mr ianetti called police dispatch to say he had found his wife with multiple wounds in the bedroom on the floor .
mr ianetti cooperated with police and had blood on his hands , but smelled as though he had just showered or washed , the affidavit says .
investigators used a search warrant to recover a long knife covered with blood , according to the affidavit .
from an autopsy , dr. junaid shaikh , a former sussex county medical examiner , determined the death to be a murder caused by multiple sharp force wounds to the thorax and neck .
` the most significant knife wounds to the victim punctured her liver in multiple locations , her lung and her heart , ' sussex county prosecutor gregory mueller told the huffington post .
but , he said , after the defense presented him with an expert report in may that challenged the manner of mrs ianetti 's death , he consulted with a forensic pathologist , a toxicologist and a crime scene expert , and then filed a motion to dismiss the murder charges .
` ethically and morally , you can not prosecute a defendant where you believe a reasonable doubt exists , ' mr mueller said .
public defender steven insley , told nj.com that all but one of the stab wounds on pamela ianetti 's body were found to .
have been superficial - ` hesitation wounds ' she inflicted on herself as .
she worked up the courage to exact a fatal blow .
release : valentino ianetti , 63 , has been