by .
dan bloom .
one of britain 's best-loved post-war screen sirens died after a tv fell on her as she suffered a suspected heart attack , an inquest heard .
jean kent appeared in 45 films and starred alongside marilyn monroe and laurence olivier in the 1957 romantic comedy the prince and the showgirl .
she was 92 when she was found last november in the bedroom of her home in westhorpe , near stowmarket , suffolk .
screen siren : jean kent pictured in 1972 , left , and in 1954 arriving at a film premiere .
an inquest heard she was 92 when she died in her suffolk home after a tv fell on her .
it is likely she suffered a heart attack .
screen star : ms kent playing elizabeth i in the tv show sir francis drake -lrb- 1961 -rrb- opposite terence morgan .
ms kent specialised in playing femme fatales , and throughout the 1940s and 50s she was regularly voted among the top ten most popular british stars .
an inquest heard she was found unconscious and lying on the floor at 11.30 am by her friend and housekeeper rita betts , who had .
worked for her for more than 15 years .
the .
housekeeper described finding ms kent with the tv stand still lying .
across the right-hand side of her body with the tv on the floor next to .
her .
ms kent , real name joan hurst , was rushed to west suffolk hospital in bury st edmunds , but died two days later on november 30 .
the .
inquest heard her room was found in ` considerable disarray ' and police .
launched a five-day forensic investigation amid fears intruders had .
broken into her home .
popular : ms kent was regularly listed among the nation 's top 10 favourite actresses in the 1940s and 1950s .
celebrity : ms kent recording a message on a vinyl record at the 1948 ideal home exhibition in london .
but .
they decided no crime had been committed , and a post mortem found the .
actress suffered a blunt force trauma injury to her chest .
it fractured her ribs and caused severe bruising to her chest and arms .
tests showed she was also suffering from cardiac disease , which may have