by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
08:07 est , 16 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:07 est , 16 july 2013 .
pope francis will offer plenary indulgences to participants of world youth day - even it is only over the internet .
the pope will offer forgiveness to catholics who follow services on world youth day - even if it is only through twitter .
the vatican announced pope francis will offer plenary indulgences to participants in the festival - his first foreign trip as pontiff - in rio de janeiro this month .
pilgrims travelling to the brazilian city will be granted indulgences , but in an unusual step , the argentine pope has extended the offer to people who participate in the event by watching it on television , listening over the radio or following it on the internet .
plenary indulgences offer a full pardon of the temporal punishment -lrb- a punishment due to be suffered either in this life or the next -rrb- for sins that have already been forgiven in confession .
the church teaches indulgences can reduce time spent in purgatory .
cardinal manuel monteiro de castro , head of the .
vatican office that deals with indulgences , released a decree saying catholics across the world can receive a partial indulgence if they pray with the pope for young catholics .
about 2million pilgrims , including hundreds of thousands of young catholics , are expected to flock to rio for the event .
to receive indulgences from abroad , catholics must participate in the service ` under the usual spiritual , sacramental and prayer conditions , in a spirit of filial submission to the roman pontiff ' .
they must participate ` in the sacred functions on .
the days indicated , following the same rites and spiritual exercises as .
they occur via television or radio or , with due devotion , via the new .
means of social communication , ' catholic news agency reported .
speaking to vatican radio , monsignor john kennedy , an official at the congregation of the .
faith said : ` the word indulgence is not very .
familiar to many people today , especially to the younger generation .
hundreds of thousands of pilgrims are expected to flock to rio for world youth day .
pictured :