australians love travelling overseas , and there 's nowhere more popular than new york .
and the big apple is also the place where we spend more money while travelling than anywhere else .
new figures have revealed that over 530,000 aussie travellers spend the most of their hard-earned money in new york each year , with the average price for a hotel room being $ 317 per night , higher than any other destination for australians .
` there is nowhere else like it in the world - it really is a unique city that is edgier than sydney or melbourne , ' hotels.com regional director katherine cole told daily mail australia .
the affinia manhattan is the most popular hotel among the 530,000 australians that flock to new york city each year .
` new york has always been the number one with australians , and the most expensive .
that has n't changed in the past five years , ' ms cole said .
ms cole said that when searching for accommodation , australians look for value for money and location above all .
despite australians being keen bargain hunters , new york still draws a crowd , with some of the most popular hotels to stay at including the park central new york hotel , the iconic roosevelt hotel , and the luxurious belvedere hotel .
hotels.com have compiled a list of the ten most popular places in new york with australians , with the top choice being the affinia manhattan .
the boutique hotel is located on seventh avenue at 31st street in manhattan , and captures the best of the bustling new york city atmosphere .
second on the list is wyndham new yorker on eighth avenue , another four-star hotel located in the heart of manhattan .
affinia manhattan .
wyndham new yorker .
row nyc .
the manhattan at times square hotel .
park central new york hotel .
the roosevelt hotel , new york city .
the edison hotel .
pod 51 .
the belvedere hotel .
salisbury hotel .
boasting a glamorous ballroom , designer event space , and architecturally stunning high ceilings , the hotel is a clear hit with australians looking to experience the best that the city has to offer .
the midtown hotel is located at the intersection of madison square garden , and is just