a new biography of louis van gaal promises to ` journey into the sinister recesses ' of the manchester united manager 's character .
extracts published on tuesday detail him treating his second wife truus in a shocking and humiliating manner brought on by drink , a former player describing the moment van gaal shouted at him so fiercely the boss 's dentures fell out and how the dutchman had a string of serious car accidents brought on by the exhaustion of being a full-time pe teacher and a semi-professional footballer .
it is the account of his relationship with truus , who he married in 2008 , which are most chilling .
scroll down for video .
louis van gaal berated a player so fiercely his dentures came out , a new book on the dutchman claims .
van gaal also treats his second wife truus ` disgracefully ' and humilates her in public , the book claims .
` the way he treats truus in company is ungentlemanly and sometimes downright disgraceful , ' claims author hugo borst in o , louis : in search of louis van gaal , serialised in the times .
` in the company of friends and acquaintances , louis has made comments that in nine out of 10 marriages would have been grounds for divorce .
people who have lunched or dined with louis say alcohol does not have a favourable effect on him .
` of course he also has sweet things to say about his wife .
`` i have a lovely wife , '' he said on german tv , `` and the sex is good too '' .
' the author described an episode where van gaal and truus were drinking wine .
his wife said he always chooses good wine - he became knowledgeable about connoisseur after his managerial stint at barcelona - and the manager agreed .
van gaal , pictured with truus after bayern won the bundesliga in 2010 , allegedly humiliates his wife in public due to drink .
for az alkmaar goalkeeper khalid sinouh claims he witnessed van gaal lose his dentures after shouting so fiercely at one of his team-mates in the changing room .
but when she added that another vintage he chose was very good too , van gaal reportedly snapped at her for not bothering to learn the name