by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
14:00 est , 5 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:20 est , 5 december 2013 .
twitter has named their first female board member to help run the company , announcing the move via tweet on thursday morning .
marjorie scardino was most recently the ceo of pearson plc which owns the financial times and a major book publishing firm .
the 66-year-old , who was born in the u.s. but has taken british citizenship and lives in london , also previously served on the board of nokia , worked at the economist group and was the publisher of the economist and cq roll call .
milestone : marjorie scardino has been named as the first female member if the board of twitter after the company came under scrutiny for having very little diversity on their board .
twitter , like facebook before its own ipo , was criticized for not having women or minorities on its board of directors .
faced with its lack of board diversity - three of twitter 's directors are named peter - ceo dick costolo tweeted earlier this year that diversifying the board ` has to be about more than checking a box .
' she confirmed the announcement by posting her first tweet : ` thank you .
there could n't be a more exciting time in twitter 's history to join !
' facebook named its chief operating officer , sheryl sandberg , to its board after it went public in may 2012 .
boys club : twitter came under fire because so many of the company heads - like -lrb- left to right -rrb- co-founders jack dorsey , biz stone , evan willams and ceo dick costello - were white men .
unlike facebook , though , twitter still does n't have any high-ranking female executives .
scardino joins costolo , chairman jack dorsey , along with co-founder evan williams and venture capitalists such as peter fenton , a general partner at benchmark capital , on twitter 's board .
she will replace david rosenblatt on twitter 's audit committee while rosenblatt will continue to be on the compensation committee , the company said in a regulatory filing .
as part of joining twitter 's board , scardino was granted a restricted stock unit award of 4,018 shares of