north korea made threats to the london school of economics before the row over the bbc 's controversial undercover film went public .
the dictatorship warned that the ten students who visited its capital with panorama journalists would be exposed if the documentary were broadcast .
in a letter to the bbc , the university then made plain its anger , arguing that the students had been put in danger and had not been properly informed about the risks .
but the corporation flatly rejected the demands not to broadcast , insisting that the students were told about the plans .
the programme aired as planned last monday and was watched by 5.1 million people .
controversy : panorama reporter john sweeney with a north korean colonel .
sweeney travelled to the country with students from the london school of economics , which was reportedly threatened by pyongyang before the programme aired .
an lse spokesman denied yesterday that its protest was motivated only by the threats to publish the students ' passport details .
the mail on sunday has learned that several days before the row surfaced , the university was contacted by a north korean government aide , alejandro cao de benos .
mr cao de benos , a spaniard , spends six months a year in pyongyang , where he has close ties with senior figures in the dictatorship .
he hosts foreign delegations and acts as an intermediary for external parties wanting to invest , make documentaries or simply visit the country .
the rest of the year he acts as a roving ambassador , making media appearances and effectively acting as a government spokesman .
in an email to the bbc on april 9 , he said he was ` in communication with lse representatives regarding the abuse of the name of their institution and other students ' .
he warned that broadcasting the programme would leave him no choice but to ` expose all the real story and data ' .
in the fall-out from the affair , six of the ten students turned on the university , claiming that it has placed them in greater danger than the trip itself .
they complained that the decision to speak publicly about the expedition , led by the panorama presenter john sweeney , had exposed them to threats from pyongyang .
in an open letter