by .
hugo gye .
and dan bloom .
published : .
02:30 est , 14 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
13:19 est , 14 february 2014 .
two council employees were killed on their bicycles after they were hit by a car which was apparently being chased by police .
the men were named locally as father-of-two and bin lorry driver john morland , 29 , and father-of-five and waste management employee kris jarvis , 39 .
both men died at the scene last night in the flood-hit village of purley-on-thames , berkshire .
death : the first victim was named locally as father-of-two john morland -lrb- pictured with his wife hayley -rrb- .
tragic : the second cyclist also worked at reading borough council and was named locally as kris jarvis , pictured .
speeding : the bmw collided with two cyclists on the a329 .
mr morland -lrb- pictured -rrb- was named locally as the younger victim .
both worked for reading borough council .
police were called at 9pm to a ` fear-for-welfare ' incident involving a black bmw convertible .
it is believed officers gave chase to the vehicle on the a329 before it crashed and hit the two cyclists .
the .
31-year-old driver of the bmw , from purley-on-thames , was cut out of .
the car and taken to hospital , where he was treated for minor injuries .
before being arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous .
driving .
he remains in custody .
the independent police complaints commission -lrb- ipcc -rrb- is carrying out an assessment of the incident .
mr morland 's mother-in-law , who gave her name only as janet , left a bouquet of red and white flowers at the scene .
she said her daughter was too upset to speak .
` my daughter 's in bits and the children too , ' she added .
poignant : a black bike saddle was left by the side of the road today .
it is unclear if it was linked to the incident .
bollards : the two cyclists were killed on impact with the black convertible .
flowers : scene at purley-on-thames after the fatal crash .
a spokesman for thames valley police .
said : ` the bmw , which was travelling on the a329 purley rise , .
subsequently