the slain editor of charlie hebdo has slammed his left-wing critics from beyond the grave for criticising publication of drawings of mohammad .
in a book stéphane charbonnier , known as charb , finished just two days before being murdered by jihadist gunmen he argued that left-leaning intellectuals who denounced the cartoons in the satirical magazine were ` ridiculous demagogues ' for doing so .
in the short book , extracts of which are to be published today in weekly magazine l'obs , he writes : ` the suggestion that you can laugh at everything , except certain aspects of islam , because muslims are much more susceptible than the rest of the population , what is that , if not discrimination ?
in a book stéphane charbonnier -lrb- pictured -rrb- , known as charb , finished just two days before being mowed down by jihadist gunmen he argued that left-leaning intellectuals who denounced the cartoons in the satirical magazine were ` ridiculous demagogues ' journalists hold placards reading ' i am charlie ' as they hold a minute of silence on january 7 following the attack by gunmen in the offices of charlie hebdo .
` it 's time to finish with this disgusting paternalism of the white , left-wing bourgeois intellectual seeking to prove himself among the `` poor unfortunate undereducated '' .
' the book , lettre ouverte aux escrocs de l'islamophobie qui font le jeu des racistes -lrb- open letter to the fraudsters of islamophobia who play into racists ' hands -rrb- , which may well rock the ` je suis charlie ' solidarity over the massacre , argues that some intellectuals who condemned the drawings were merely attention-seekers .
it says : ` since i am educated , i understand that charlie hebdo is using humour .
but out of respect for you -lsb- muslims -rsb- , since you have n't yet discovered second-degree humour , i will denounce these islamophobic drawings that i pretend not to understand .
i will put myself at your level to show that i love you .
` these ridiculous demagogues just have a huge need to be the centre of attention and want to satisfy their formidable fantasy to dominate others .
' charb asks why islamophobia , which technically means ` fear of islam ' , is being used by activists , media and politicians to denounce