west bromwich albion had just produced a typical tony pulis performance to beat his former club crystal palace 2-0 when he claimed he will never change .
the 57-year-old 's gritty , resilient playing style is well reflected in the touchline attire he insists on wearing at every game ; cap , track suit and shiny white trainers .
james morrison headed in within two minutes and craig gardner added a stunning 30-yard strike in the second half , but alan pardew 's side dominated the remainder of the game only to be met by west brom 's stubborn doggedness .
west brom manager tony pulis led his side to a 2-0 victory over his former employers crystal palace .
baggies midfielder craig gardener -lrb- right -rrb- shoots to score his side 's second goal against crystal palace .
gardner -lrb- left -rrb- celebrates alongside team-mate joleon lescott -lrb- right -rrb- during the 2-0 win over crystal palace .
west brom midfielder james morrison -lrb- right -rrb- dribbles with the ball away from palace 's jason puncheon -lrb- left -rrb- .
all viewed by pulis beneath the peak of that cap .
` i 'd never take my cap off during a game they 'd have to put it in my contract , ' he explained .
` i watched the first game for albion and sat upstairs in a suit .
i came down after 10 minutes because i 'd had enough of sitting there .
that 's just the way i am .
i want to be close to the action .
' west brom ended their run of 10 away games without a victory , drawing five and losing five .
pulis will turn up to the stadium in suit and tie , then return to that again straight after the match to address the press before he leaves .
pardew was resplendent in full suit and tie on saturday .
tottenham manager mauricio pochettino admitted last week that he started smartening up on the sideline after his chairman daniel levy told him to .
` i 'll leave it for all the sophisticated lads , ' pulis added .
` i 've always done it and i do n't see no reason not to just because we 're in the premier league with all the tv cameras and everything .
i 've done it right from