anger : rape charities and bbc listeners have complained after michael buerk criticised ched evans ' rape victim for being drunk .
the bbc apologised today after presenter michael buerk criticised the woman raped by ched evans for being drunk when she was attacked .
the veteran presenter said that the woman , now 22 , deserved no ` credit ' because she ` could barely stand ' on the night she was raped by the disgraced footballer , 25 .
rape charities said today his words were ` deeply offensive ' to the victim and others who have suffered sex attacks .
she had drunk two glasses of wine , four double vodkas and a sambuca on the night she was raped , and the jury unanimously agreed she could not have consented to sex with evans in 2012 .
mr buerk , 68 , was discussing the attack ahead of his radio 4 show moral maze this evening , which will discuss whether evans should return to football .
he said : ` nobody comes out of the ched evans rape case with any credit -- not the victim who 'd drunk so much she could barely stand , nor the two footballers who had sex with her in the most sordid of circumstances ' .
evans raped his victim in a rhyl premier inn in 2012 after his footballer friend clayton mcdonald , who was cleared of rape , texted evans on the way there saying : ` i 've got a bird ' .
mcdonald had sex with the victim , before evans arrived and raped her , as two others filmed it through the window .
rape charities have reacted furiously to mr buerk 's words and demanded he apologises .
rape crisis england and wales spokesman katie russell said : ` it is difficult to stress just how inappropriate and potentially damaging this morning 's live trail from the presenter for his programme was .
` to infer that being drunk is in any way ` morally ' comparable to committing the serious and violent crime of rape is deeply offensive .
` let us not forget that drinking is not a crime ; rape most definitely is .
let us not forget that sex with someone incapable of giving their consent because through alcohol consumption is rape ' .
scroll down for video