a year ago they begged for britain 's help when colonel gaddafi 's tanks encircled their city , threatening annihilation .
now former libyan rebels in benghazi -- liberated with the aid of the raf last march -- have systematically desecrated the graves of more than 150 british servicemen killed in north africa 70 years ago .
headstones at the benghazi war cemetery have been torn down and crucifixes smashed with hammers by a mob of extremists , some carrying guns and dressed in combat fatigues .
desecrated : the headstones commemorating the deaths of allied servicemen , who fought in the western desert campaigns between 1942 to 1943 , lay smashed on the ground .
more than 1,000 soldiers and airmen who lost their lives in the desert wars of montgomery and rommel are buried at the site in eastern libya .
many were members of the famed 7th armoured division , known as the desert rats , who played a crucial role in the see-saw battle for control of libya and egypt between 1941 and 1943 .
graves of raf pilots were among those shattered by the thugs .
it was their job to fly bombing raids -- just as the raf did last year -- to assist lieutenant general montgomery 's eighth army and support commandos clearing routes for tanks .
sickeningly , the attack , which was carried out over two days last week and appeared highly organised , was filmed by one of the men involved and posted on the internet .
as they rampage among the graves , members of the mob are heard to repeatedly say of the dead servicemen : ` they are dogs , they are dogs .
' senseless : a man kicks down headstones of soldiers during the rampage that was filmed and posted online .
the violence was thought to be retaliation , in part , for the burning of the koran by us soldiers in afghanistan last month .
footage shows the mob methodically kicking down grave after grave .
some are then smashed with hammers .
` destroy that cross , they are dogs , ' cries one hooded rebel .
another voice is heard saying : ` we begin with this one then we 'll take care of that other one .
we wo n't leave any left .
' a few seconds later another