language : tarik kafala , who runs bbc arabic , said the term ` terrorist ' was too ` loaded ' and ` value-laden ' to describe charlie hebdo killers said and cherif kouachi and their accomplice amedy coulibaly .
the bbc was branded ` mad ' yesterday after a top executive said the charlie hebdo killers should not be described as ` terrorists ' .
tarik kafala , head of bbc arabic , said the term terrorist was too ` loaded ' and ` value-laden ' to describe the fanatics who murdered 12 people at the french satirical magazine .
the bbc backed his comments but faced a storm of criticism .
lord tebbit said the only things ` loaded ' were the killers ' weapons .
` i think the bbc would be well advised to look at the oxford english dictionary or any other good dictionary 's definition of terrorism , ' he said .
the tory peer , whose wife was left paralysed by the ira 's brighton bomb 31 years ago , added : ` i find it strange that the bbc should be trying to hide the nature of these people ... they are as mad as rats , are n't they ?
' bbc coverage of the atrocities in paris , and the taliban school massacre in peshawar , pakistan , last month , studiously avoided using the word ` terrorist ' , except when quoting other people , in line with its editorial guidelines .
instead tv , radio and online reports described the murderers who carried out the attacks as ` militants ' or ` gunmen ' .
mr kafala , whose licence-fee-funded tv , radio and online news services reach 36million worldwide every week , told the independent : ` we try to avoid describing anyone as a terrorist or an act as being terrorist .
` what we try to do is to say that `` two men killed 12 people in an attack on the office of a satirical magazine '' .
that 's enough , we know what that means and what it is .
` terrorism is such a loaded word .
we know what murder , bombings and shootings are , and we describe them .
` that 's much more revealing , we believe , than using a word like terrorist which people will