ronnie o'sullivan found himself in more bother at the betfred world championship after making a rude gesture during his second-round match against matthew stevens .
on the table the five-time world champion enjoyed a successful day , firing two rapid centuries in establishing a 12-4 lead , needing just one more in monday 's closing session to the match to reach the quarter-finals .
but o'sullivan was also spoken to by the referee olivier marteel towards the end of the afternoon session - and warned about his behaviour .
ronnie o'sullivan is spoken to by referee olivier marteel in his second round match against matthew stevens .
o'sullivan is spoken to by referee marteel in his second round match against stevens at the crucible .
marteel approached o'sullivan as he walked to the table when stevens missed a red , telling o'sullivan he had noticed his hand gesture , which was thought to have been self-directed .
o'sullivan avoided a fine in the first round when he briefly played without shoes after a new pair proved uncomfortable , breaking the rules but not sufficiently to warrant any punishment , after he accepted a substitute pair of size eights , loaned by tournament director mike ganley .
stevens reacts to a shot in his match against o'sullivan during day nine of world championships .
stevens in action against o'sullivan in their second round match at the crucible theatre .
the warning from marteel could be the end of sunday 's matter .
yet any repeat of the incident would see o'sullivan docked a frame , a tournament spokesman confirmed .
armed with a 5-3 lead from the opening session , o'sullivan took the opening two frames on sunday to pull further in front .
the next went against the 39-year-old , but breaks of 110 and 139 in consecutive frames suggested o'sullivan was in unstoppable form , as sweeping through the subsequent three testified .
o'sullivan in action against stevens in their second round match at the crucible theatre in sheffield .
ali carter continued to struggle in his match against australia 's neil robertson .
the 35-year-old from essex , who trailed 6-2 following saturday 's opening session , won the first frame of the day but lost the next five .
a finish with a session to spare was possible when robertson led 11-3 , but carter took the