by .
charles sale .
follow @@ charliesale .
the fractured relationship between fa chairman greg dyke and the premier league over the england commission will not be improved at the summer meeting of top-flight clubs .
dyke would normally be expected to attend at least some of the premier league summit on june 5 and 6 at rudding park hotel in harrogate in his official capacity .
but instead he is flying to the football league equivalent on the algarve , where he will discuss his plans for a fifth tier in a special session with representatives from the 72 clubs meeting in vilamoura .
in demand : fa chairman greg dyke will not be attending a premier league summit in the summer , choosing instead to speak to football league clubs about his plans for a fifth tier .
dyke 's failure to consult the premier league about his proposals en masse at one of their summits -- he prefers to talk to top-flight teams individually -- has upset the league 's top brass even though they chose not to have a representative on the fa panel , having withdrawn their chairman anthony fry , his first choice .
dyke named manchester united , manchester city , liverpool , stoke and tottenham as clubs who fully support his controversial b team proposals .
chelsea , who have more than enough players out on loan to field c and d teams as well , are another club in favour .
premier league chief executive richard scudamore , who faces a revolt over participation if the fa have their way on b teams , has another big issue to confront .
a number of teams in the top fight , who comfortably sell out every home game , want the league to allow their many other fans to watch the saturday 3pm kick-offs live on club outlets .
but scudamore is said to be against live coverage in that time slot so as not to dilute tv rights holders ' contracts ... .
it will interest everyone searching for sports sponsorship that facebook have indicated they want to break into the sports market .
and certainly the fa cup in association with facebook has a ring about it , especially with the extra interaction it would bring to the competition ... .
greg dyke 's commission presentation received a damning