it was the match martin o'neill needed to win to convince the many doubters that this qualifying campaign is not destined to end in failure .
for regardless of substitute shane long 's stoppage-time equaliser amid a frenzied finish , it was a performance and result which again raises more questions than answers .
o'neill will protest that the second-half display was better -- it could not have been worse than their sorry first-half showing -- but this was supposed to be the making of ireland at the aviva stadium , a venue which is yet to produce any iconic nights for the boys in green .
substitute shane long celebrates his 90th-minute strike which secured a crucial draw for the republic of ireland in dublin .
slawomir peszko pounces on a mistake from republic of ireland left back robbie brady to score the opener in dublin .
peszko races away to celebrate after his powerful left footed strike put poland ahead in the 26th-minute .
the poland forward is mobbed by his team-mates following his crucial goal at the aviva stadium .
the celebrations continue on the sideline following peszko 's first-half strike .
ireland -lrb- 4-4-1-1 -rrb- : given 5 ; coleman 6 , o'shea 5.5 , wilson 6 , brady 4 ; walters 5.5 , whelan 6 -lrb- long 83 -rrb- , mccarthy 6 , mcgeady 5 -lrb- mcclean 67 , 5 -rrb- hoolahan 6 ; keane 5.5 .
scorers : long 90 .
bookings : hoolahan , o'shea , coleman , wilson , mccarthy .
poland -lrb- 4-4-2 -rrb- : fabianski 6 ; olkowski 6.5 , glik 6 , szukała 6 , wawrzyniak 6 ; peszko 7.5 -lrb- kucharczyk 87 -rrb- , krychowiak 6.5 , jodlowiec 7 , rybus 7 ; milik 6 -lrb- mila 83 -rrb- , lewandowski 6 .
scorers : peszko 26 .
bookings : glik , szukala , peszko .
referee : jonas eriksson -lrb- swe -rrb- .
man of the match : peszko .
the group d standings following sunday night 's draw in dublin .
but therein lay part of the problem , for those in green were outnumbered by the partisan poles , who celebrated slawomir peszko 's first-half opener by firing scores of fluorescent red flares .
thanks to long 's late intervention , however , ireland 's hopes of automatic qualification have not gone up in smoke