a cafe manager who displayed five bagels in the style of olympics rings was stunned to be raided by ` community wardens ' from the council .
they took it upon themselves to declare the light-hearted window display ` unauthorised ' , and threatened him with court .
they proclaimed it a breach of laws brought in to prevent businesses exploiting the 2012 games unless they are official sponsors .
o-no : ring-shaped bagels at the house cafe in camberwell , south london was told to take down the olympic-themed display by southwark borough council .
pride : the bagels were put up ahead of the olympic torch relay .
despite no one from the olympics , the government or any official sponsors complaining about the display of bread , the cafe had the book thrown at it by southwark council in south london .
two ` community wardens ' swooped on the house cafe and gallery , in camberwell , within 20 minutes of manager david adams putting up the display .
they claimed that putting the circular buns on show breached copyright rules .
one customer said : ` they were being quite aggressive to david , ordering him to take them down immediately and threatening him with court and fines .
they said there would be very serious consequences if he did not obey them .
` it was just some bread hanging in a window , for goodness sake !
when a few customers such as myself started telling them off for being silly , they began taking pictures of us on their camera , which i found sinister .
` if pippa middleton can get away with blatantly cashing in on the olympics , it 's ridiculous to punish a small cafe like this .
' falling foul : joy tomkins , left , with her # 1 doll that has been withdrawn from sale because it .
has an olympic outfit and is in breach of copyright law , while cake decorator avril unwin , right , was told not yo use 2012 logos .
forbidden : a cake with an olympic ring design that games organisers frowns upon .
the duchess of cambridge 's family .
business , party pieces , is advertising on its website a huge range of .
goods under the headline celebrate the games .
it potentially breaches stringent