by .
eddie wrenn .
published : .
14:19 est , 20 august 2012 .
| .
updated : .
14:20 est , 20 august 2012 .
an ancient skull unearthed in laos has reset the clock of human migration to southern asia back 20,000 years .
the skull , found in a cave in the annamite mountains , has been dated to between 46,000 and 63,000 years old - and appears to be the remains of an anatomically modern human being .
the discovery suggests that the first modern humans to leave africa spread around the world much earlier than was previously thought .
skull from the mists of time : the researchers studied the fragments , including recognisable teeth and cranium , which date to 63,000 years ago .
laos , with a population of just under seven million , is bordered by burma and china to the north , vietnam to the east , thailand to the west and cambodia to the south .
lead scientist dr laura shackelford , from the university of illinois in the us , said : ` it 's a particularly old modern human fossil and it 's also a particularly old modern human for that region .
` there are other modern human fossils in china or in island south-east asia that may be around the same age , but they either are not well dated or they do not show definitively modern human features .
` given its age , fossils in this vicinity could be direct ancestors of the first migrants to australia .
` this skull is very well dated and shows very conclusive modern human features .
' the fossil , discovered in 2009 , is described today in the journal proceedings of the national academy of sciences .
dr shackelford said it showed that early modern humans migrating out of africa did not simply follow the coast to the islands of south-east asia and australia , as some experts believe .
they also travelled northwards into very different types of terrain .
the river mekong in luang prabang , laos : a human skull found in the annamite mountains appears to be the earliest ` modern ' skull discovered .
experts believe the ancestors of people alive today either evolved in africa and then colonised the world , or evolved in different locations across the globe