by .
jason groves .
published : .
17:15 est , 15 april 2012 .
| .
updated : .
17:51 est , 15 april 2012 .
george osborne 's plan to impose a ` heritage tax ' on listed buildings would rake in almost half a billion pounds -- with nearly a quarter coming from the church of england .
figures buried in treasury documents reveal the full implications of the chancellor 's move to ` simplify ' the vat treatment of alterations to listed buildings .
grade one and grade two listed buildings currently incur vat only on routine repair work , for example to a damaged roof , and not on improvement , alteration and restoration works .
work to replace the thatched roof on a listed cottage .
thatchers are devastated at plans to impose 20 per cent vat on the job .
however , the exemption will end in october under new measures in the budget and the rate will rise to the standard 20 per cent .
in the next five years , the tax hike is expected to raise # 450million for the treasury .
the church estimates the move will cost congregations # 20million a year -- equal to # 100million over the next five years .
other heritage groups have issued warnings over the plans , with the national trust suggesting it will cause problems for the owners of listed buildings , who already typically face higher costs for improving or repairing their homes .
although straightforward repair works on listed buildings have long attracted vat , churches are able to claim much of the money back from a special government fund .
warning : the bishop of hereford says a big vat bill would wreck plans to improve the cathedral .
the rebate scheme is to be extended to cover alterations .
but only # 5million of new money has been announced , and the latest figures suggest churches are already unable to claim back more than half of the vat they incur on renovations .
in the west country , the proposal has been dubbed the ` thatch tax ' because of its potential impact on the region 's thatched cottages .
andrew raffle , secretary of the national society of master thatchers , said : ` unfortunately 20 per cent is a huge amount of tax .
'