by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
10:39 est , 25 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:01 est , 25 september 2013 .
the actor who plays gordon on sesame street has been ordered to continue paying palimony to the mother of his four children after he made an unwritten promise to provide for her for the rest of her life .
roscoe orman , 71 , split with sharon joiner-orman , 61 , in march 2010 after 39 years together and married another woman two years later .
at that point he cut off the $ 3,600 in monthly support he had been paying her .
when her landlord threatened to evict her from the montclair home they previously shared , joiner-orman sued orman , claiming he vowed to support her for life after she sacrificed her own career so he could become a ` sesame street ' fixture for nearly four decades .
forced to pay : roscoe orman , 71 , pictured , split with sharon joiner-orman , 61 , in march 2010 after 39 years together and has been ordered to continue paying support .
last month , superior court judge ned rosenberg in newark ruled in joiner-orman 's favor , in what appears to be the first ruling of its kind , the new jersey star-ledger reported .
rosenberg said orman must continue paying palimony even though the unmarried couple had never agreed to anything in writing .
a hearing next week will determine how much orman owes .
` the court finds the plaintiff -lrb- joiner -rrb- has fully performed her end of the bargain , ' rosenberg wrote , according to the newspaper .
` in addition , there is no way to qualify the value of the services plaintiff provided over the course of 39 years much less the value of foregone educational and work related opportunities .
what is more , the defendant does not deny the agreement and even acknowledged the obligation by deeds and words .
' on the sesame street website , orman 's character gordon is described as ' a strong male role model ' who is married to susan and father of miles .
` susan and gordon have been happily married for many year , providing a good example of a successful and united family .
' gordon : on