a grandfather died of a stroke after an ambulance took over an hour to reach him - before hospital staff turned him away because they were about to go home for the weekend .
retired vet john mallalieu , 89 , died in december last year after a call handler missed two opportunities to send an ambulance to his home when his wife called 999 , an inquest heard .
he was just minutes from treatment on december 6 last year when an ambulance was diverted 14 miles because staff at a specialist stroke centre were not accepting new patients after 5pm .
it took nearly two hours to get john mallelieu -lrb- pictured , left -rrb- to a hospital after his wife ruth -lrb- right -rrb- phoned 999 following a series of errors by emergency services .
mr mallalieu , of caunton , nottinghamshire , was turned away from king 's mill hospital in nearby mansfield because a consultant in charge was going home for the weekend , the hearing was told .
the ambulance was forced to battle though friday rush hour traffic which took an hour before finally arriving at nottingham city hospital .
tragically , he died 16 days later in hospital on december 22 .
an inquest heard about a catalogue of delays in getting mr mallalieu to hospital and a lack of communication .
east midlands ambulance service dispatch officer jonathan schofield told nottingham coroner 's court that it had been an extremely busy day in charge of 38 crews - more than normal .
he told the court that he was nearing the end of a 12-hour shift , in which had only been able to take two short toilet breaks , when he took the call from mr mallalieu 's wife ruth , 85 .
mrs mallalieu phoned 999 before 4pm on friday , december 6 last year , but by the time an ambulance had taken her husband to a hospital , specialist staff had ` gone home ' , an inquest heard .
the inquest heard a new call handling system had been introduced and mr schofield admitted he missed opportunities to get an ambulance to the scene quickly .
mrs mallalieu had dialled 999 from the couple 's home at 3.59 pm on december 6 after her husband showed signs of a stroke .
the call was immediately categorised