by .
associated press .
and lydia warren .
accused : daniel st. hubert allegedly stabbed 2 children and could be charged in further attacks .
a convict accused of stabbing a six-year-old boy to death and leaving his seven-year-old friend fighting for her life was stopped by police for public urination earlier this week - but then let go .
daniel st. hubert , 27 , was caught urinating on wednesday just blocks from the boulevard houses in east new york , where he allegedly murdered p.j. avitto and attacked mikayla capers in an elevator .
he claimed that he did n't know it was illegal and , after showing proper id , he was released with a summons , the new york daily news reported .
but just hours later he was arrested for the stabbings after police patrolled the area around his mother 's home in queens - and now he is being eyed in yet another grisly crime , police said .
st. hubert appears on surveillance video near the subway stop where a homeless man was stabbed on a platform early on wednesday morning , said police spokesman stephen davis .
witnesses to the seemingly random attack also described the suspect using an 8-to-10-inch knife with a brown handle similar to one recovered on st. hubert when he was arrested , davis said .
the 52-year-old homeless man is recovering in a hospital and is likely to survive his injuries .
perp walk : daniel st. hubert , center , is led from the 90th precinct by police , thursday , june 5 , 2014 , in new york .
victims : six-year-old p.j. avitto , left , was stabbed to death in an elevator in his housing block on sunday , while seven-year-old mikayla capers was left in critical condition .
st. hubert has been arrested in the attack .
killed : 18-year-old tanya grant-copeland , pictured , was stabbed on friday four blocks from where the children were attacked but police are still investigating whether st hubert could be responsible .
st. hubert is also suspected of stabbing to death 18-year-old tanaya copeland on friday four blocks from where the attack of the young children happened , police said .
yet more forensic testing at that scene needs to be conducted , davis said .
a similar knife was recovered at the scene