convicted australian drug smugglers andrew chan and myuran sukumaran may be joined on death row in the coming days by a female filipino heroin courier .
mary jane fiesta veloso , 30 , was arrested at yogyakarta airport on april 25 , 2010 for attempting to smuggle 2.6 kg of heroin into the country , according to an amnesty international report .
she was sentenced to death by firing squad in october 2010 and has been imprisoned in yogyakarta in the years since .
ms veloso reportedly maintains she was unaware her suitcases she was paid to bring into the country contained heroin .
scroll down for video .
mary jane fiesta vesolo was arrested at yogyakarta airport on april 25 , 2010 , for attempting to smuggle 2.6 kg of heroin into the country .
ms vesolo , who may joined andrew chan and myuran sukumaran on death row , is pictured attending a case review at the .
indonesian armoured police vehicles are pictured transporting australian death row prisoners andrew chan and myuran sukumuran to the port where they later travelled to the prison island in cilacap , indonesia .
myuran sukumuran is pictured disembarking a plane carrying him on the journey to the island where the former bali nine men were to be executed .
ms veloso received harrowing news in january when indonesian president joko widodo rejected her plea for clemency , according to indonesian press reports .
the nation 's attorney-general muhammad prasetyo has said preparations were complete for the executions of 10 death row detainees , including ms veloso and chan and sukumuran .
` everything had to be organised first before transferring the prisoners because we do not want them to be in the isolation cells for too long -lsb- before their execution -rsb- , ' prasetyo told reporters .
ms veloso is the only woman among the list of detainees slated for execution , which includes the australians and nigerian national raheem agbaje salami , 45 .
indonesian police guard are pictured standing guard as vehicles containing the two prisoners are unloaded from a ferry .
andrew chan and myuran sukumaran are pictured alighting a plane at cilacap .
vigils have been held across the philippines and the country 's government was engaged in a lobbying effort to have her case reviewed , rappler.com reported .
chan and sukumuran arrived at nusakambangan