jordan henderson will miss liverpool 's attempts to reach the europa league 's last 16 because of an ankle problem .
the england midfielder sat out training on wednesday morning and will not travel to istanbul with the rest of brendan rodgers ' squad .
henderson has been in excellent form recently and liverpool hope the extra rest will ensure that he is fit for sunday 's crucial barclays premier league clash with manchester city .
liverpool pair daniel sturridge -lrb- left -rrb- and jordon ibe share a joke in training on wednesday .
sturridge , raheem sterling -lrb- centre -rrb- and lazar markovic were preparing for the europa league clash .
-lrb- left-right -rrb- markovic , sturridge , sterling , emre can and ibe in liverpool training .
sturridge and can share a loving embrace at melwood on wednesday morning .
striker mario balotelli -lrb- right -rrb- wraps up warm alongside team-mate alberto moreno .
jordan henderson -lrb- left -rrb- will miss the clash with besiktas because of an ankle problem .
henderson was not the only high-profile absentee from the session at melwood before liverpool headed off to turkey , where they will aim to protect the 1-0 advantage mario balotelli 's penalty gave them last week .
glen johnson was not included nor was mamadou sakho , who is recuperating from a hip problem .
steven gerrard was also missing as he recovers from the hamstring problem that has forced him to miss the last three games .
otherwise , it was all smiles at melwood on wednesday morning as liverpool stepped up their preparations for the second leg of their last-32 tie .
liverpool manager brendan rodgers in high spirits at melwood ahead of their trip to besiktas .
sterling looks to cover up to keep the cold out alongside his team-mates on wednesday morning .
balotelli -lrb- right -rrb- takes to holding his bib rather than wearing it as he watches his team-mates train .
attacking pair ibe and sturridge were all smiles at melwood on wednesday morning .
click here to read sportsmail 's neil ashton 's column about new liverpool star jordon ibe .
ibe , who won the penalty that led to balotelli 's winner , is attracting a lot of attention at the moment , particularly after another eye-catching performance for liverpool during their 2-0 victory at southampton on sunday .