by .
derek lawrenson .
on his first return to these shores since his amazing double of scottish open and open championship titles last july , phil mickelson would be fully entitled to look in his rear-view mirror with a self-indulgent smile .
there , this veritable golfing pied piper would see not only rory mcilroy but justin rose , ian poulter and lee westwood .
from his own country he would spot rickie fowler plus 2014 pga tour winners matt every and kevin streelman .
there 's jimmy walker , no 2 in the standings for america 's ryder cup team .
what 's going on ?
when you think of the sparse quality on view at last year 's scottish open , when none of these illustrious names showed up , it 's positively miraculous that so many would compete in this year 's edition , which starts at royal aberdeen on wednesday -- and it 's all down to big phil .
scroll down for video .
claret jug : phil mickelson claims he became a ` complete player ' after winning the open in 2013 .
the double : phil mickelson won both the scottish open and main event last year .
` what he .
achieved last year certainly got my attention and looking at my own .
open record , i thought : `` why not try what phil did ?
'' , ' said rose .
` phil .
set the standard and put ideas in all of our heads , ' agreed fowler .
dressed in navy shorts and a crisp white shirt , the man in question bounces into a room set aside at a recent pga tour event to talk links golf , and particularly his own evolution from out-of-his-depth malcontent to arch-exponent of this venerable form of the game .
but first , his outstanding role in the transformation of the scottish open from the worst field in its history to the best .
that must give him enormous pleasure ?
` it always seemed a common sense thing to me to come over a few days early and get acclimatised , and particularly if you live in the states , ' said mickelson , who first played in the scottish open in 1992 and has only missed two editions since 2003 .
` it made even more sense