by .
ian garland .
published : .
05:56 est , 13 april 2012 .
| .
updated : .
07:15 est , 13 april 2012 .
headline acts performing at the opening and closing ceremonies of the olympic games will sing over pre-recorded backing tracks .
organisers have defended the move , claiming the british weather and the shape of the olympic stadium mean it 's ` not possible for the music in all the shows to be live ' .
but it is likely to infuriate fans who have paid up to # 2,000 to watch a star-studded line-up rumoured to include the rolling stones , coldplay , the who and adele .
can you hear me rocking ?
: the rolling stones are among the acts expected to perform at the olympics .
acts like coldplay will be forced to perform to backing tracks at opening and closing ceremonies .
the closing ceremony will be a celebration of british music ` from elgar to adele ' who are you ?
: veteran rockers the who are rumoured to be on the top secret line-up .
the line-ups for the opening ceremony on july 27 and the olympics ' farewell on august 12 are a closely guarded secret .
but they are expected to feature a who 's who of british music .
organisers have dubbed the shows a celebration of the best britain has to offer , ` from elgar to adele .
' and there are expected to be starring roles for rock veterans the rolling stones and the who , as well as coldplay .
in february , creative director kim gavin insisted there would be an emphasis on live performance .
he said : ` the intention is n't to go out there and do a mime show .
' but organisers have been forced to concede all backing music will have to be laid down in the studio beforehand .
plans for an all-live show were hampered by concerns about the unpredictability of the british weather , as well as technical issues with the shape and size of the olympic stadium in stratford .
organisers want to create a surround sound effect , but the bowl shape of the venue meant they were left with microphone feedback during sound tests .
a spokesman for organisers locog .
insisted : ` due to the