by .
sam webb .
the west ham footballer was initially arrested and charged with two counts of common assault after allegedly punching and slapping miss mansoor .
premier league footballer ravel morrison threatened to throw acid in the face of his ex-girlfriend and have her killed , a court heard today .
former manchester united midfielder morrison , 21 , is also accused of threatening to blow up her house in a course of harassment against his ex-girlfriend reah mansoor lasting four years , manchester magistrates ' court heard .
the west ham footballer was initially arrested and charged with two counts of common assault after allegedly punching and slapping miss mansoor , 19 , and her mother parveen mansoor , 39 , in the early hours of july 27 in salford .
morrison , who spoke only to confirm his name , age and address , sat in the dock at the court for the brief hearing as the harassment allegation was also added to the charges .
the court heard the additional charge of causing his ex-girlfriend to fear violence would be used against her spanned the period from january 1 2010 to july 20 this year .
the charge alleges he threatened to throw acid in her face , blow up her house and have her killed and other threats of violence .
david fish qc , representing morrison , indicated the defendant would be pleading not guilty to the charges .
district judge khalid qureshi bailed morrison to appear at manchester crown court for a preliminary hearing on august 28 .
morrison , originally from manchester , was initially remanded in custody last week before being bailed .
his bail conditions are that he lives in canary wharf , london , does not contact directly or indirectly the two women complainants , does not go on to the street where they live , and does not enter the greater manchester area except for a court appearance , to see his lawyers or to visit for a west ham game in the area and to return to london immediately after the match .
claims : the charge alleges morrison threatened to throw acid in reah mansoor 's face , blow up her house and have her killed , as well as other threats of violence .
miss mansoor 's mother parveen mansoor was also allegedly attacked