by .
harry mount .
british prime minister margaret thatcher still has no monument in her home town .
tomorrow is the first anniversary of the death of the most influential peacetime prime minister in british history .
take a walk through margaret thatcher 's hometown , though , and you could be forgiven for thinking she had n't spent her formative years here .
yes , there 's a plaque on her childhood home , the greengrocer 's owned by her father , alfred roberts , grantham 's mayor in 1946 .
but it could hardly be smaller -- high up on the first floor , barely legible from the pavement .
and it is n't even one of the official blue plaques normally granted to the great and the good .
today , her childhood home is a health clinic , living health , specialising in ` chiropractic , natural therapies and beauty ' .
in the shop window , a large poster offers a treatment to ` tone , slim and detox ' you with a marine algae bodywrap .
one wall of alfred roberts 's old shop is given over to an advert that reads : ` gift vouchers available here -- give the gift of relaxation .
' lady thatcher had many gifts -- the art of relaxation was n't one of them .
in grantham 's pretty town centre , there is nothing to remind you of the person who changed the face of britain .
on the green , there 's a statue to grantham 's most famous son -- sir isaac newton .
opposite is the isaac newton shopping centre .
there 's another plaque marking the spot where newton lodged as a schoolboy .
and there are two more newton plaques outside king 's grammar school , where he was head boy .
a few yards away , there is a bronze statue to the honourable frederick tollemache , grantham 's liberal mp , on and off , from 1826 until 1874 .
the inscription reads : ` erected in 1891 by the friends who revered his memory , irrespective of political opinions .
' i mean no disrespect to mr tollemache but , even in the 19th century , he was n't much of a name to conjure with in british politics .
certainly nothing compared with the town 's