by .
louise boyle .
published : .
17:33 est , 18 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
00:33 est , 19 december 2013 .
bernie goetz , the ` subway vigilante ' who shot four panhandling youths on a new york city train in 1984 is fighting low-level drug charges .
goetz was arrested in november on misdemeanor drug charges after police say he was nabbed in a sting selling $ 30 worth of pot to an undercover officer in union square park , manhattan .
manhattan prosecutors offered him 10 days of community service on wednesday to resolve the case - which goetz turned down .
bernie goetz walks out after appearing in manhattan criminal court on wednesday where he said he would fight minor drug charges against him .
the 65-year-old admitted on wednesday outside court that he had the drugs but he says he is fighting the charges because he was coerced into taking money for the pot and because police are too aggressive .
he asked the woman if she wanted to get high , then went back to his apartment , where he has lived for decades , and returned with marijuana , authorities said .
he was arrested on charges of criminal sale of marijuana .
in 1987 , goetz was cleared of attempted murder but convicted of weapons charges after the 1984 shooting of four black youths and spent 250 days in jail .
he says the young men had sharpened screwdrivers and were trying to mug him .
goetz 's actions prompted a debate over race relations and frustration with high crime rates of new york in the 1980s .
with .
new york in the grip of a violent crime epidemic , some hailed goetz for .
standing up to his potential attackers .
others saw him as a racist , who .
had overstepped the boundaries of self-defense .
goetz ended up serving eight months in jail , but his legacy lasted much longer than his time in the big house .
courting controversy : bernhard goetz leaves manhattan criminal court in new york today .
the new york city subway carriage where bernie goetz shot four men in 1984 after he claimed they were going to mug him .
he went on to become an activist for a tougher focus on crime , and he proceeded