max whitlock , one of the seven athletes sportsmail is following on the road to rio , has won all-around silver at the world gymnastics championships in china to equal great britain 's best-ever result in the event .
whitlock matched dan keatings ' 2009 silver after he finished behind japan 's kohei uchimura , who claimed his fifth consecutive world all-around title - the first man ever to do so in history .
uchimura scored 91.965 across all six pieces of apparatus , with whitlock in silver with 90.473 while japan 's yusuke tanaka won bronze with a total of 90.449 .
max whitlock , who won silver in china , performs on the horizontal bar during the men 's all-round final .
whitlock -lrb- far left -rrb- poses on the podium with gymnasts kohei uchimura -lrb- centre -rrb- and yusuke tanaka -lrb- right -rrb- .
it capped off a rollercoaster week for whitlock after he was a late replacement in the all-around final following team-mate nile wilson 's withdrawal with a wrist injury .
wilson and daniel purvis had qualified for the blue riband event on the two per country rule , but after wilson pulled out whitlock was able to step into his place as he also finished in the top 24 .
whitlock said : ` the whole trip has been a rollercoaster .
i struggled in qualification and then only learnt that i was in the final as nile withdrew .
i really ca n't believe i 'm now standing with the world silver .
' i think i went out and competed with no pressure , from starting on pommel i nailed my best routine of the week and that set me off .
whitlock of great britain competes on the floor during the men 's all-around final .
whitlock of great britain celebrates during the medal ceremony at guangxi sports center stadium .
` to compete alongside my idol uchimura is a huge honour and to be on the medal podium with him is very special .
it 's been a long year of competitions and this is just unbelievable .
' the result capped a strong year for whitlock , who won team , all-around and floor gold at the commonwealth games in glasgow this summer .
starting on pommel , european champion whitlock displayed the style and highly difficulty moves that