by .
chris wheeler .
published : .
12:10 est , 16 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:09 est , 16 july 2013 .
wayne rooney is ready to hand in a written transfer request after repeating to manchester united his wish to quit .
the england forward was on tuesday night understood to be ` angry and confused ' over comments by new manager david moyes that he will not be sold because he provides important back-up forfirst-choice striker robin van persie .
rooney is also furious over the stance taken by new united chief executive ed woodward , who insisted no contract talks will take place this summer with the club preferring to monitor rooney 's progress over the coming season .
declaration : wayne rooney is reportedly angry and confused over his manchester united future .
strike a pose : rooney feels he has nothing to prove after nine seasons at old trafford .
the 27-year-old feels he is at the peak of his career and has nothing to prove after nine seasons at old trafford .
since returning from united 's tour of the far east and australia for .
treatment on a hamstring injury last week , rooney has made his feelings .
known to the club .
he has re-iterated his desire to leave -- having issued a similar message .
to sir alex ferguson last season -- and is now prepared to put in a .
formal transfer request .
rooney wants to go this summer with the world cup less than a year away , .
and sources close to the player say he has no intention of allowing his .
career to go backwards by being a squad member or playing second fiddle .
to van persie .
moyes faces a dilemma now the player has raised the stakes but there .
seems little chance of him staying .
rooney would prefer to join chelsea , .
although arsenal have enquired about taking him to the emirates .
top dog ?
rooney feels he should n't be playing second fiddle to anyone at old trafford , even robin van persie .
unwelcome : the news will rock new united boss david moyes , who managed rooney at everton .
if united decide to let him leave , they would prefer not to sell to a .
domestic rival