by .
associated press .
published : .
16:42 est , 26 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
17:02 est , 26 november 2012 .
a horrified dog walker discovered the bodies of 11 puppies who had been skinned and then dumped in a public park .
the dead animals were found in a bag that had been tossed along the side of the road in a pennsylvania suburb .
the incident is the second time that skinned animals were found in the state .
dna tests will be done to determine if the puppies are dogs , coyotes or some other domestic or wild animal , while necropsies will be conducted to learn how they died .
outraged : animal rights advocates at the lehigh county humane society are concerned after a bag of 11 skinned puppy corpses was found ditched near a park .
a woman walking found the bodies friday .
in woods near a park in lower macungie township , outside allentown , the .
lehigh county humane society said .
the bodies were in or near a bag that had been torn open , perhaps by an animal .
unless a witness comes forward , it 's usually difficult to make arrests in animal cruelty cases , authorities said , meaning that both the culprit and the motive will remain at large .
victims : the dead pups were either coyotes -lrb- like the ones pictured here -rrb- or some breed of dog but it is difficult to tell post-mortum .
` it could have been kids or some .
whacked-out person who found an abandoned litter of puppies or coyotes .
and just thought they 'd have some fun , ' said cary moran , the county .
humane society 's shelter manager .
` that 's what 's so scary about not being able to -lrb- solve -rrb- these cases , and find out what happened , because you do n't know who 's out there .
because , unfortunately , animal abuse is a precursor to harming -lrb- people -rrb- .
' the discovery came the same week .
another animal was found skinned , with its feet cut off and rope tied to .
one leg , about 20 miles away in lynn township .
that involved a larger animal , perhaps one sought for its pelt , according