by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
22:26 est , 19 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
01:32 est , 20 september 2013 .
a six-year-girl is stunning audiences around the world with her amazing breakdancing skills that dancers many years older than her would struggle to accomplish .
dachiya atkinson , who performs under the stage alias of b-girl terra , became a worldwide internet sensation earlier this year when footage of her performing at a competition in paris received a staggering 2.8 million within five days .
since then she has stunned audiences on the ellen show and has now appeared in a video for a track called ` platoon ' by the british dance act jungle .
scroll down for video .
dachiya atkinson , aka b-girl terra , has become a worldwide internet sensation on account of her mind blowing breakdance moves including heads spins .
write caption here .
the music video consists entirely of b-girl terra dancing along to the song in a single take showing off a series of mind blowing moves that would be complicated for a young adult , never mind a six-year-old schoolgirl from wolverhampton in england .
at one stage in the video b-girl terra rolls back her sleeves , puts on an awesome pink beanie hat and starts doing some very impressive head spins .
the video has been posted on numerous social media sites , including youtube where it has been watched more than 100,000 times .
breakdancing or b-boying as it is also known is one of the five elements that make up hip hop culture along with the likes of rapping , djing and graffiti art .
at one stage in the video b-girl terra rolls back her sleeves , puts on an awesome pink beanie hat and starts doing some very impressive head spins .
back in march the pint-sized performer competed in the baby battle division of the chelles battle pro competition held in an eastern suburb of paris , france .
she wowed the judges with a breathtaking routine which had the crowd on their feet and quickly attracted a staggering 2.8 million within five days of being uploaded of the internet .
she eventually won an award for best dancer in her age range .
her parents have revealed how the youngster had not only learned to