british scientists have captured death spreading like a wave through the body of a worm , by studying the blue fluorescence that travels cell-to-cell until the whole organism is dead .
researchers from the wellcome trust and the biotechnology and biological sciences research council -lrb- bbsrc -rrb- likened the spread of the blue glow travelling through the worm 's .
body to that of the grim reaper , stalking death .
they believe that the research could eventually prove to be a useful model to understanding death in people and perhaps even lead to an increase in life expectancy .
scroll down for video ... british scientists have captured death spreading like a wave through the body of a worm , by studying the blue fluorescence that spreads cell-to-cell until the whole organism is dead .
the worm is pictured on the right is glowing bright , signalling that it is closer to death than when it was photographed on the left .
professor gems said : ` together the findings cast doubt on the theory that ageing is simply a consequence of an accumulation of molecular damage .
' when individual cells die , they trigger a chemical chain reaction that leads to the breakdown of cell components and a build-up of molecular debris .
the molecular mechanisms of this are reasonably well understood at a cellular level but we know much less about how death spreads throughout an organism at the end of its life .
in worms , the spread of death can be seen easily under a microscope as a wave of blue fluorescence travelling through the gut of the worm .
the study , published in plos biology , reveals that this fluorescence is caused by a cell death pathway called necrosis and its spread throughout the organism is dependent on calcium signalling .
professor david gems from the institute of health ageing at university college london , who led the study , said : ` we 've identified a chemical pathway of self-destruction that propagate cell death in worms , which we see as this glowing blue fluorescence travelling through the body .
` it 's like a blue grim reaper , tracking death as it spreads throughout the organism until all life is extinguished .
` we found that when we blocked this pathway , we could delay death induced by a stress