as six bodies were removed from the java sea following the crash of airasia flight 8501 , the first details of those who died on board the doomed aircraft have started to emerge .
the airbus 320 had 162 people on board - 138 adult passengers , 16 children , one baby and seven crew members - when it came down off the coast of borneo island on sunday en route to singapore from indonesia .
the victims include an engaged couple heading off on a short break , a british businessman travelling with his two-year-old daughter , christian missionaries en route to renew their visas , a young female university lecturer , and a family travelling to visit their daughter at boarding school .
scroll down for video .
family members of victims of the doomed air asia flight are comforted at juanda international airport in indonesia , where a crisis centre has been set up .
most of the victims on board the plane were indonesian nationals , although there were also three south koreans , a malaysian , a french co-pilot , a briton and a singaporean .
earlier today bodies were discovered alongside luggage , a plane door and an emergency slide in the water 100 miles off indonesia , three days after the airasia plane vanished from radar screens within minutes of its pilot asking permission to climb 6,000 feet to avoid bad weather .
the vast majority of flight 8501 's victims were indonesian nationals - although three south koreans , one malaysian , a french co-pilot , one briton and one singaporean were also on board .
british businessman chi man choi , who was flying to singapore with his two-year-old daughter zoe to celebrate new year with his wife .
despite many of the 162 people coming from the same country , details have emerged of diverse backgrounds , with the only thing uniting many of those of board being the fact they held a boarding pass for the doomed airliner on its scheduled journey from surabaya in indonesia to singapore .
among the victims were ruth natalia puspitasari , her new toy-maker fiance bob hartanto wijaya , and his parents marilyn and william .
miss puspitasari 's father suyanto told how his daughter - who would have turned 26 on holiday next monday - had called him in excitement to explain