a spanish woman who drowned in a vat of wine after becoming intoxicated by fumes has been pictured for the first time .
wine specialist nerea perez was watching the fermenting process at the cellar in the spanish village of salas de los barrios , in the north west of the country .
the 25-year-old is understood to have been overcome by the fumes given off during fermentation , which caused her to lose her balance and fall into the vat of wine .
tragic : wine specialist nerea perez had been watching the fermentation process in a cellar in the spanish village of salas de los barrios , north west spain .
here she is pictured for the first time .
difficult : the emergency services - were called to scene by ms perez 's uncle raul - were unable to save her and only managed to retrieve her body .
emergency services were called to scene by ms perez 's uncle raul - himself a well-known winemaker , who is understood to have discovered his niece drowning in the vat in his warehouse .
the emergency services were unable to save ms perez , however , and were only able to retrieve her body .
the emergency services also had to give assistance to members of miss perez 's family , who were said to be overcome with grief after the incident .
colleague ginebra peralta colunga , 32 , said : ` now is the time for harvesting grapes so a lot of villages around here have people working on stirring the wine in the barrels .
` this is the first time this has happened though .
' family : emergency services were called to scene by ms perez 's uncle raul -lrb- pictured -rrb- - himself a well-known winemaker , who is understood to have discovered his niece drowning in the vat in his warehouse .
sad : the emergency services also had to give assistance to members of miss perez 's family , who were said to be overcome with grief after the incident .
nerea perez died after falling into a vat of wine at an industrial cellar after being overcome by fumes -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
perez was a political figure in the local town 's young socialists group , who paused their campaigning for a day as a mark of