by .
damien gayle .
published : .
18:51 est , 7 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
18:51 est , 7 january 2014 .
astronomers are to use the distorting effects of gravity in a distant galaxy cluster as a magnifying glass to peer closer at distant galaxies than has ever been possible before .
this image taken by the hubble space telescope shows abell 2744 , a distant region of space known as pandora 's cluster , which is so massive that its gravity distorts space time around it .
the distortion creates a range of odd optical effects ; but interestingly it also magnifies the light from even more far away objects hidden behind abell 2744 , allowing astronomers to see them in better detail .
pandora 's cluster : the space time distortion around abell 2744 , a massive galaxy cluster created by the collision of four previously separate clusters , is helping astronomers to peer deeper into the distant cosmos .
abell 2744 is the product of the violent and simultaneous collision of four galaxy clusters over 350million years .
it was first spotted by hubble in 2011 , when observations of its weird and wonderful properties promped the nickname pandora 's cluster .
this latest long-exposure image of the cluster shows a mix of hazy elliptical galaxies and colourful spirals clumped together in the centre , nasa explained in a statement .
the effects of the powerful gravitational field can be seen in the blue arcs and distorted images scattered across the frame , that seem to be bleeding into the surrounding space .
the arcs , nasa says , are in fact the distorted images of galaxies even further in the distance .
abell .
2744 is the first of six targets for an observing programme known as .
frontier fields , a three-year operation to probe the deepest views of .
the universe yet seen in visible light .
it 's continuing mission : abell 2744 is the first of six targets hubble will look at for a three-year observing programme known as frontier fields .
in order to do this , the hubble will exploit so-called gravitational lensing effects around its targets to peer beyond them into the unknown depths of the cosmos .
a nasa spokesman explained : ` gravitational lensing is a phenomenon caused by an object