the murder of drummer lee rigby , pictured , magnified the possibility of far-right groups and others victimising muslims , according to the report .
children as young as ten have been responsible for anti-muslim abuse , a study has claimed .
it suggests that the muslim community is facing abuse on a daily basis , with many of the attacks carried out by younger people .
and the murder of drummer lee rigby ` clearly magnified ' the possibility of far-right groups and others victimising muslims , the study 's author has claimed .
the report found that there were 734 self-reported cases of anti-islamic abuse between may 2013 and february this year - equivalent to more than two a day on average .
researchers at the centre for fascist , anti-fascist and post-fascist studies at teesside university , in middlesbrough , used data collected over a ten month period by the tell mama -lrb- measuring anti-muslim attacks -rrb- project .
separate figures produced by tell mama were questioned a year ago when directors of the government-funded project said they had received more than 200 reports of islamophobia in just over a week after the brutal murder .
it emerged that more than half of the incidents reported on the hotline related to offensive messages on twitter , facebook or online blogs , and only a tiny minority were physical attacks .
nearly 600 of the incidents examined in the separate university study were online abuse and threats .
the rest were ` offline ' attacks such as violence , spreading of anti-muslim literature , threats and assaults .
around 60 per cent of these ` offline ' attacks are believed to have been carried out by individuals estimated to be aged between ten and 30 .
the study also suggests that around two fifths of the cases recorded by tell mama had a link to far-right groups .
it found that more than half of the victims reporting incidents to the project were women , while less than one in six of all of those who reported incidents also told the police .
study author dr matthew feldman , co-director of the centre for fascist , anti-fascist and post-fascist studies said : ` muslims remain among the most likely minority group in britain to be targeted for a hate crime .
` `` trigger '' events like the