suspected islamic militants killed 43 students in a pre-dawn attack tuesday on a northeast nigerian college , survivors said .
the terrorists , thought to be from boko haram , set a locked hostel on fire , before shooting and slitting the throats of those who tried to climb out the windows .
some were burned alive .
adamu garba said he and other teachers who ran away through the bush estimate 40 students died in the assault that began around 2 a.m. tuesday at the federal government college at buni yadi .
boko haram have been responsible for a number of terrorist attacks in the north of nigera as they increasingly target civilians -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
it is a co-ed school about 45 miles south of damaturu , the capital of .
yobe state , and difficult to communicate with because extremists last .
year destroyed the cell phone tower there .
garba , .
who teaches at a secondary school attached to the college , said the .
attackers first set ablaze the college administrative block , then moved .
to the hostels , where they locked students in and started firebombing .
the buildings .
at one hostel , he said : ` students were trying to .
climb out of the windows and they were slaughtered like sheep by the .
terrorists who slit their throats .
others who ran were gunned down .
' he .
said students who could not escape were burned alive .
the attackers also reportedly hurled explosives into student residential buildings , sprayed gunfire into rooms and hacked a number students to death .
a senior medical source at the sani abacha specialist hospital in yobe 's capital damaturu said the gunmen only targeted male students and that female students were ` spared ' .
` so far , 43 bodies have been brought -lrb- from the college -rrb- and are lying at the morgue , ' said the source , who requested anonymity as he was not authorised to discuss death tolls .
damaturu resident babagoni musa told afp that four ambulances carrying dead bodies drove past his shop , which falls on the road from buni yadi .
` they had tree branches on them which is a sign used here to signify a corpse is in a vehicle , ' he said .
people whose