by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
19:33 est , 24 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:21 est , 25 september 2013 .
a hawaii-based army explosives expert shattered the world female record for fastest mile run in a fully functional 75 pound bomb disposal suit .
1st lieutenant ashley sorensen beat the record by over two minutes when she ran a full mile in the suit in 11 minutes and six seconds .
lieutenant sorensen trained for a year and a half for the feat of strength and endurance , which could serve her in the field even more than it boosts her admirable reputation .
scroll down for video .
dedicated : milwaukee native 1st lieutenant ashley sorensen trained trained for a year and a half prior to her attempt at breaking the female world record for fastest mile run while wearing an explosive ordnance disposal suit .
the real hurt locker : sorensen dons the 75-pound bomb suit in the culmination of months of preparation .
getting ready : 1st lieutenant ashley sorensen , a bomb disposal export , dons a bomb suit before her record shattering run in the 75-pounds of gear .
brave : the hefty gear protects brave soldiers like lieutenant sorensen when they work to find and defuse explosives in the war theater .
sorensen 's full title is 1st lieutenant of the 303rd explosive ordnance disposal battalion , 8th military police brigade , 8th theater sustainment command .
and as bulky as the title sounds , it does n't have nearly the heft of the bomb suit , called an eod -lrb- explosive ordnance disposal -rrb- .
` whenever eod goes out in the bomb suits for a manual approach , it 's really important that we 're able to work and sweat in the suit and still be able perform , so making it a competition when we train helps with that .
running a mile like this is definitely a challenge , ' said the 1st lieutenant , who is her unit 's executive officer .
` it 's really important that we 're able to work and sweat in the suit and still be able perform , so making it a competition when we train helps with that , ' said sorensen .
shattered : sorensen ran a mile in the 75-pound suit in