by .
daily mail reporter and associated press .
published : .
21:44 est , 26 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
21:49 est , 26 september 2012 .
bill belichick may have been fined for his on-field conduct over the weekend , but at least the new england patriots coach has some cash to spare thanks to the sale of his new york love nest .
the nfl slapped a fine of $ 50,000 on belichick after he grabbed a replacement referee during the game sunday night against the baltimore ravens .
but the fine came amid a report that the crinkle-browed coach is parting with his townhouse in the park slope section of brooklyn , and making bank on it - a total of $ 550,000 .
punished : bill belichick was fined after he grabbed a replacement official during sunday night 's game against the baltimore ravens .
love nest : belichick reportedly dished out $ 2.2 million for this townhouse in the park slope section of brooklyn , when he was with shannon shenocca .
high-priced pad : the townhouse includes five bedrooms , three bathrooms and a backyard .
the new york observer reported that belichick recently sold the house , complete with its five bedrooms and three bathrooms , for $ 2.75 million .
belichick reportedly purchased the high-priced pad for $ 2.2 million in 2007 as a love nest to share with his then-girlfriend sharon shenocca , who was the receptionist for the new york giants , after his marriage to debby clarke crumbled .
he has since been romantically linked to linda holliday , a correspondent for wcvb-tv 's styleboston .
belichick grabbed an official 's arm at the end of sunday night 's game after the ravens kicked a game-winning field goal .
quaint : belichick reportedly bought the house in 2007 for $ 2.2 million when he was dating shenocca , a new york giants receptionist .
let there be light : the house is adorned with chandeliers and lots of windows .
moneymaker : belichick reportedly made $ 550,000 on the brooklyn townhouse , right , after selling it for $ 2.75 million .
he first claimed he was just looking for answers when he grabbed the official .
` so when the game was over , i went out and i was really looking for an