england are ready for another ` cup final ' at twickenham on saturday , but they are aware of the need for patience despite the expectation of a big win over italy .
stuart lancaster 's national team will go into the second instalment of their rbs six nations campaign on the back of an impressive 21-16 victory over wales in cardiff .
they have never lost to their next opponents , but a close encounter in the same fixture two years ago has helped to sharpen english minds and guard against any hint of complacency this week .
the england team walk down the tunnel during the england captain 's run at twickenham stadium .
england captain chris robshaw leads his players out ahead of the clash with italy on saturday .
luther burrell runs with the ball during the england captain 's run on friday .
dave attwood catches the ball as he trains with england on the twickenham pitch .
england head coach stuart lancaster -lrb- front -rrb- surveys the scene at twickenham on friday .
the england coaches are confident that their players will have the right mind-set for their next encounter .
andy farrell said : ` all you can deal with is preparation and making sure that mentally and emotionally you 're in the right place .
that 's important for tomorrow -lrb- saturday -rrb- as well as last week .
` to win a championship you have five of those cup finals .
emotionally and mentally you have to make sure you 're in the right place to put that plan on the field , to have a feel for the game as it 's unfolding and do the right thing accordingly .
` we 've had a good week .
earlier in the week we showed them what they did well , what they did n't do well .
mentally we brought them down a bit and then built them back up again .
` hopefully tomorrow -lrb- saturday -rrb- we 'll be at that cup final stage again at the weekend .
' anthony watson runs with the ball during the england captain 's run at the london stadium .
ben youngs -lrb- left -rrb- passes the ball while being watched on by his england team-mates .
lancaster and his coaches graham rowntree -lrb- centre -rrb- and andy farrell -lrb- right