it is one of the major questions in the battle of the sexes : who is the better driver ?
and it seems the answer is men , at least at the learner stage .
the driving standards agency has revealed women made 857,000 major errors in their driving tests last year compared with men , who made 646,000 mistakes .
the report found women were most likely to fail for poor reverse parking , steering mistakes and botched gear changes .
the driving standards agency revealed women made 857,000 major errors in their driving tests compared to 646,000 made by men .
but men were more likely to lose track of their speed and fail for driving too fast .
both of the sexes had problems with spotting hazards at road junctions and forgetting to check their rearview mirrors .
but despite the bad news , it appears women are actually better drivers once they have got a bit of experience .
female drivers are up to 20 per cent safer than men once they have passed their test , according to a recent study .
researchers analysed results from more than 154million miles of travel .
half the drivers were men and half were women .
experts found women were 28 per cent less likely to drive at night and 12 per cent less likely to break the speed limit than their male counterparts .
insurance figures show one third of all car accidents happen within a mile of the driver 's home .
a third of all car accidents happen .
within a mile of the driver 's home -- and skipping breakfast could be the .
cause , according to a report .
insurance figures show that accidents peak between 8am and 9am , as millions of britons climb into their cars and set off on the daily commute or school run .
but the research found drivers who make time for breakfast are not as likely to get involved in an accident .
they performed 30 per cent better in a driving simulation compared to people who missed out on their first meal of the day .
rory carlin from halfords autocentre , which commissioned the research , said : ` taking that extra few minutes to prepare for your journey in the morning can make all the difference and help make the roads safer