by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
15:26 est , 10 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
02:53 est , 11 march 2013 .
falkland islanders started voting yesterday in a sovereignty referendum seeking to counter argentina 's claim over the british-ruled territory .
diplomatic tension between britain and argentina has flared more than three decades after the falklands war .
falklands-born and long-term residents will cast ballots on whether they want to stay a british overseas territory .
scroll down for video .
choice : people line up to cast their vote on the islands ' future at the town hall polling station in the falklands capital of stanley .
wonder how he 'll vote ?
one islander make his allegiance clear with a union jack suit as he casts his vote .
a high turnout is expected from among .
the islands ' population of roughly 2,500 , and officials are due to .
announce the result tonight .
an overwhelming ` yes ' vote is likely , prompting argentina to dismiss the referendum as a publicity stunt .
but john fowler , deputy editor of the .
islands ' weekly newspaper , the penguin news , said : ` we hope the .
undecideds , or the uninformeds , or those countries that might otherwise .
be prepared to give the nod to argentina 's sovereignty claim , might have .
pause for thought after the referendum .
` this is an attempt to say ` hang on a minute , there 's another side to the story ' .
' the local falkland islands government has mobilised a major effort to get as many of its 1,650 registered voters as possible to cast their secret ballots today and tomorrow .
a convoy of vehicles bearing british flags and stickers in favor of keeping the falkland islands as an overseas territory of the united kingdom .
people queued to vote at the town .
hall in the capital stanley , nearly 8,000 miles from london , where .
posters proclaim : ` our islands , our choice ' .
' i have no wish to be part of argentina , ' said rob mcgill , 67 , of isolated carcass island , who voted by post .
' i consider myself a falkland islander , but my ancestors came from britain , '