four british universities have made it into a global top ten .
imperial college london is in joint second with cambridge while oxford is tied with university college london for fifth .
the latest qs world university rankings include eight uk universities in the top 50 , and 19 in the top 100 , up one on last year .
the massachusetts institute of technology in the united states came first for the third consecutive year , while harvard university - the world 's wealthiest - was ranked fourth .
scroll down for video .
imperial 's main campus is located in the south kensington , london - it was in joint second with cambridge university in the latest qs world university rankings .
the world famous oxford university was tied with university college london in fifth place .
london .
is the only city in the world to have five universities in the top 100 - .
these are imperial , ucl , kcl , the london school of economics and .
political science -lrb- lse -rrb- and queen mary , university of london .
and a record six british institutions made the top 20 .
king 's college london was 16th and edinburgh university 17th in the latest qs world university rankings .
this is more than boston and hong kong , which each have three , and new york , paris , tokyo , melbourne and beijing with two each .
ben sowter , qs head of research , said : ` tech-focused institutions are increasingly the focal point of a global race for innovation .
` with budgets from public sources increasingly coming under strain , institutions seem more focused than ever on potentially lucrative research .
' harvard university - the world 's wealthiest - was ranked fourth in the listings .
the massachusetts institute of technology in the united states came first for the third consecutive year .
the rankings are based on academic reputation , employer reputation , staff to student ratios , research citations , international students and faculty work .
professor alice gast , president of imperial , said : ` these rankings support what our students , alumni , staff , friends and collaborators know , that imperial is one of the world 's great universities .
` imperial has a rare ability to turn outstanding research into discoveries that