the estranged wife of a pastor from suburban chicago has been charged with attempted murder for allegedly trying to poison her three daughters and stabbing two of them so they could ` meet jesus christ .
' pamela christensen , 47 , from montgomery , was ordered held on $ 1million bail thursday in connection to the september 25 knife attack .
police officers who responded to the christensens ' home in the 2300 block of patron lane after getting two 911 hang-ups were met at the door by the mother of three , whose white shirt was splattered with blood .
mother charged : pamela christensen , 47 , is accused of trying to stab two of her three teenage daughters after a failed attempt to poison them .
grisly welcome : when police responded to the family 's home in montgomery , illinois -lrb- pictured -rrb- , they were met by mrs christensen in a white shirt drenched in blood .
the 47-year-old dropped to her knees in front of the officers and told them she had tried to kill her daughters , according to court documents .
two of the girls were found upstairs with stab wounds to the chest .
their mother also knifed herself in the chest and abdomen .
mrs christensen was taken to an area hospital for treatment , where she remained until wednesday .
following her release , the married mother of three was charged with first-degree attempted murder , aggravated battery and aggravated restraint .
she is due back in court october 16 .
court records obtained by chicago sun-times indicate that during her interview with police , the woman admitted to making a poisonous cocktail containing dishwashing detergent , which she was hoping to give her daughters so they would fall asleep , but the girls refused to drink the concoction .
rapture : pamela christensen said she had received messages from her estranged husband , pastor vaughn christensen , telling her the end of the world was near and instructing her to get her kids ready to meet jesus .
when interviewed by police , christensen 's daughters , ages 12 , 16 and 19 , told investigators that their mother held them at knifepoint and asked if they accepted jesus christ as their savior .
two of the three girls suffered knife wounds .
according to court documents