a competitive eater has chewed his way through the uk 's most prolific eating challenges consuming more than 200,000 calories .
ravenous randy santel , 28 , conquered a 92oz steak challenge , a 60oz burger and 27in pizzas for his eating marathon .
the mountain man from missouri , who stands at 6ft 5in , finished 42 uk challenges including british traditional feasts such as full english breakfasts and fish and chips .
scroll down for video .
randy santel , 28 , traveled from missouri to the uk to take part in 42 uk food challenges which saw him eat a whopping 200,000 calories .
here he is dong the english breakfast challenge in barnsley at baileys cafe .
he devoured a jaw-dropping 205lb of food since his journey began and based on the average calorie intake for men - 2,500 a day - randy has nearly doubled his daily calorie allowance in just one meal .
randy said : ` at home around 70 per cent of the challenges are big burgers , so here i tried to tackle british food including my new favourite meal , bangers and mash .
` my favourite challenge so far has been a 12in burger the size of a mini cooper wheel with 200g of chips .
` everyone was cheering my name , more than a hundred people watched and i even made front page news .
he continued : ` the brits i 've met along the way have been really supportive some even letting me stay with them , i think they 're amazed i 've travelled so far to take on these challenges .
` one minute i was battling a food challenge next thing i 'm at a stranger 's home playing xbox with their son and all because i can eat .
it 's crazy but great that everyone 's been so welcoming .
' on one of the 42 days randy chewed his way through another giant breakfast challenge complete with toast , eggs , beans , hash browns , chips , sausages , mushrooms , bacon , sausages and black pudding .
for this challenge which is called the ` bagel boy ' randy had to eat cheesy , beany chips and a giant stuffed bagel .
his final challenge saw him battle a stack of five burgers stacked between five pieces