a slaughterhouse boss at the centre of the 2013 horsemeat scandal has been fined # 8,000 after failing to provide paperwork for horse carcasses he sold .
peter boddy admitted one count of failing to abide by eu meat traceability regulations after being unable to back up claims he had sent nearly 40 carcasses to italian restaurants .
another 12 horses from his slaughterhouse in todmorden in west yorkshire were sold without any records ever being kept .
the 65-year-old claimed that rather than sell them on without knowledge of where they were going , many were purchased by caterers in the market for horsemeat .
peter boddy -lrb- left -rrb- and david moss -lrb- right -rrb- have become the first people sentenced over the 2013 horsemeat scandal .
the pair worked together at an abattoir in yorkshire where records of more than 50 carcasses were lost .
boddy and his slaughterhouse manager david moss were involved in the 2013 scandal which saw hundreds of people mistakenly sold the meat .
they were both sentenced at southwark crown court today , the first of anyone involved in the furore , with moss given a four month prison sentence suspended for two years .
the court heard how boddy did not produce adequate paperwork for 55 horse carcasses he had sold and accepted 17 animals into his abattoir without the appropriate documents .
when questioned , he told officials that 37 had been sold to two italian restaurants in manchester and leeds .
investigators could not verify his story , claiming neither of the establishments existed .
` when inquiries were made of the relevant councils , nothing was found that confirmed the existence of businesses with those names , ' said prosecutor adam payter .
the court heard how in 2013 , food standards agency requested paperwork for carcasses that passed through the slaughterhouse in 2012 .
at the time moss admitted much of their business was done ` cash in hand ' and without a detailed paper trail .
days later he forged an invoice requested as a result of the meeting .
southwark crown court heard how the 65-year-old claimed almost 40 of the carcasses were sold to italian restaurants but this was never verified .
while investigators could not tell exactly when and where the animals had been slaughtered , mr payter said there would have been