it may not be long before we see his arms wiggling in celebration again .
daniel sturridge is on the cusp of a return for liverpool .
usually that means goals .
brendan rodgers is understandably thrilled about the return from injury of his 25-year-old striker , who has travelled to london with the squad for tuesday night 's capital one cup semi-final against chelsea .
the liverpool manager is yet to reveal whether sturridge is fit enough for a place on the bench , but if selected in the squad expect him to play some part .
either way , the match against west ham on saturday will definitely see his presence , rodgers has said .
daniel sturridge is back in training after recovering from long-term thigh and calf injuries .
brendan rodgers -lrb- centre -rrb- hopes the striker 's return can push liverpool towards a champions league finish .
the england striker speaks with captain steven gerrard -lrb- right -rrb- during the training session .
sturridge -lrb- left -rrb- could return for the capital one cup showdown with chelsea after sitting out the first leg .
it is difficult to underestimate the impact he might have -- even after nearly five months out with thigh and calf injuries .
this , after all , is a player whose goals earned liverpool more points last season than the strikes of luis suarez .
sturridge scored 21 times in the premier league to secure his team 20 points .
suarez found the net on 31 occasions to directly gain 16 points .
those two stand top of last season 's table highlighting that measurement .
romelu lukaku 's 15 everton goals affected 12 points , olivier giroud 's 16 goals did likewise for arsenal , while eden hazard scored 14 times to win chelsea 10 points .
it really was a phenomenal contribution by sturridge .
even this season , his solitary goal earned victory against southampton : two extra points .
sturridge 's goals earned more points -lrb- 20 -rrb- than his liverpool strike partner luis suarez -lrb- 16 -rrb- last season .
sturridge also earned his team more points than -lrb- l-r -rrb- romelu lukaku , olivier giroud and eden hazard .
liverpool fans are excited , certainly , but also a little anxious .
we have had false dawns before with sturridge , who was in