by .
chloe hubbard .
published : .
13:51 est , 24 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:40 est , 24 december 2013 .
these tiny wooden versions of britain 's best-known gay celebrities have been created by campaigners in protest of the treatment of gay people in russia .
the russian dolls which depict elton john , stephen fry , george michael , graham norton and tom daley are hand-crafted by paul baker and staff at 3d studios in london .
the dolls ' creators had originally planned to make a tiny version of the russian president vladimir putin into the smallest doll and send the dolls to make a political point to the kremlin in moscow and the russian embassy in london .
but when tom daley announced he was dating a man earlier this month , gay rights campaigners the kaleidoscope trust and mother creative agency decided to ditch putin , known for parading around topless on horseback , for the the semi-naked diver .
russian dolls : hand-crafted in london these tiny versions of elton john , stephen fry , george michael , graham norton and tom daley have been created to raise awareness of gay rights in russia .
tiny tom : the depiction of tom daley was drafted into the fold at the last minute after the diving star came-out earlier this month by publicly announcing he is dating a man .
out on his horse : topless russian president vladimir putin poses on holiday .
newly out : diving sensation tom daley pictured in barcelona this summer .
the campaigners say they are happier to have included daley over putin , because the dolls are now a celebration of ` great british gays ' .
a mother spokesperson said : ` we wanted to feature great british gays , icons we 're all proud of .
we were originally going to use putin as the little doll but when tom came-out we decided we wanted to make the dolls a beautiful collectable in their own right .
` having putin in there originally seemed a good idea , but actually he has nothing to do with pride .
each of the people in there are beacons of british gay pride , and we wanted to celebrate them .
' hold me closer tiny dancer : elton john is painted by