by .
matt blake and tim shipman .
published : .
11:11 est , 22 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
05:52 est , 23 june 2012 .
britain 's four leading business groups have voiced their support for michael gove 's plan to replace gcses with more rigorous exams .
they said the tests have failed to prepare a generation of pupils for the world of work -- the same argument the education secretary has used to justify a schools revolution .
the institute of directors , the confederation of british industry , the british chambers of commerce and the federation of small businesses have now all welcomed mr gove 's call for a rethink of secondary education .
his plans , revealed this week by the daily mail , have caused a fierce row in the coalition as mr gove had not discussed them with the liberal democrats .
determined : education secretary michael gove said he will publish a consultation document in mid-july setting out plans to scrap gcses and replace them with ` world class exams ' criticism : deputy prime minister nick clegg said .
the school system ` must be for the many not the few ' while labour .
schools minister kevin brennan said mr gove 's plans would create a .
two-tier system for pupils .
deputy prime minister nick clegg is .
furious that mr gove wants to bring in a second qualification -- which .
has been compared to the old cse -- alongside an academically rigorous .
o-level to give less able pupils a practical qualification that would .
be accepted by employers .
on thursday mr clegg said this would .
create a two-tier system , and vowed to block the plan .
yesterday he .
complained that he was kept in the dark , adding : ` neither myself nor the .
prime minister were aware of it .
' david cameron 's aides dispute this .
mr clegg said he was committed to .
` raising standards in our schools ' but insisted any changes would have .
to ensure ` that all children can get ahead through hard work and .
aspiration ' .
despite lib dem complaints , mr gove intends to publish a consultation document on the proposals in the second week of july .
he has been backed by mike