louis van gaal could not have wished for a better start at manchester united .
from the 7-0 opening win over la galaxy to the victory over liverpool in miami , van gaal returns home with the chevrolet cup , international champions cup and , most importantly , an unbeaten record .
here are five things sportsmail have learned from united 's tour of america ... video scroll down to watch wayne rooney celebrate bizarre ghost goal against liverpool .
confident : louis van gaal -lrb- right -rrb- seems to have already transformed united back into a winning team .
meeting of minds : van gaal speaks to his coaching staff after the pre-season friendly between united and liverpool .
1 .
van gaal is a winner .
it sounds a simple enough quality but one that can not be underestimated at united after the club 's shocking decline under david moyes .
the dutchman has taken largely the same group and transformed them into a team which , even at this early stage , will clearly be a very different proposition .
whether it was the faultless penalties in the shootout win over inter milan or the character shown to come back and beat liverpool , united are already playing for their new manager and that is half the battle .
not giving in : united came from behind to defeat liverpool in their latest pre-season friendly .
2 .
the dutchman is not scared to make radical changes .
the new 3-4-1-2 formation is quite a departure from united formations under sir alex ferguson and moyes , but van gaal believes that is the best system to get the most out of the players at his disposal .
rather than simply throwing money at new signings , he is prepared to alter the fundamental line-up of the team to suit the players he has .
those who do n't fit into his plans -- fellaini , nani , anderson , hernandez and kagawa -- will not be kept hanging around .
they will be shipped out at the first opportunity .
on the move ?
van gaal looks set to allow several players to leave the club , including marouane fellaini -lrb- above -rrb- .
3 .
wayne rooney is onside with the new regime .
having almost left united in ferguson 's final season because of the