dublin found itself at the centre of an ebola scare after a woman was rushed to hospital displaying symptoms of the deadly disease and immediately placed in isolation .
the patient , who had recently returned from west africa , underwent tests at the mater hospital today and the ebola virus has been ruled out .
it is understood that the woman was admitted to the national isolation unit as a precaution after being considered ' a low risk for the ebola virus ' .
gardai and ambulance crews shut down berkley road in tyrrelstown , dublin , in a suspected ebola case .
the health service executive -lrb- hse -rrb- said that it ` must , and does , take each ebola scenario seriously no matter how low the risk .
' ` all appropriate infection control procedures are being taken by all relevant healthcare personnel , ' a statement from hse added .
the woman , who was taken ill at her flat in the dublin suburb of tyrrelstown , is believed to have recently returned from nigeria , which was today declared ebola-free by the world health organisation , having had no new cases for 42 days .
hse said that the patient is receiving appropriate treatment at the mater hospital and public health protocols have been , and are being , put in place .
witnesses reported that ambulance crew , and other staff wore protective gear throughout the investigation .
the hse in ireland said that it ` must , and does , take each ebola scenario seriously no matter how low the risk ' witnesses reported that ambulance crew , and other staff wore protective gear throughout the investigation .
large areas surrounding the hospital were shut down in accordance with procedures outlined by health minister leo varadkar , last week .
the hse statement said : ` there are no known cases of ebola in ireland presently ' , before adding that the ` overall risk of a case of ebola being brought into in ireland is low ' .
the road where the woman lived as well as large areas surrounding the hospital were shut down in accordance with procedures outlined by health minister leo varadkar .
` the hse welcomes the fact that the who has removed nigeria from the list of ebola affected countries , ' the statement continued .