militants fighting for the islamic state in syria have released sickening footage of the murder of a man the terror group accused of working as a spy .
the video was filmed in aleppo and shows a man believed to be named ahmed muhammad being led out to a forecourt by masked executioners , who then shoot him in the head multiple times at point blank range .
in a chilling sign of isis ' reach and influence , muhammad is understood to have been accused of working as part of a secret spy network based in neighbouring nato member state turkey before his brutal filmed execution over the border in syria .
scroll down for video .
brutal : a man believed to be named ahmed muhammad was seen being led out to a forecourt by masked executioners , who then shoot him in the head multiple times at point blank range .
murder : a militant shoots ahmed muhammad once in the back of the head , before standing over him and firing several more bullets into his neck once he lies prone on the grass .
captive : the film is reminiscent of the gruesome video showing the burning to death of jordanian pilot muath al-kaseasbeh , in that it begins with a lengthy interview with the victim speaking in a darkened room -lrb- left -rrb- before he is led to his death wearing an orange jumpsuit -lrb- right -rrb- .
titled ' a lesson to be learned ' , the three minute 40 second video has all the hallmarks of an official isis release - employing hd cameras , hollywood-style sound and visual effects and slick editing and direction .
it also carries the logo of one of the group 's official aleppo-based propaganda arms , halab .
the sickening film is reminiscent of the gruesome video showing the burning to death of jordanian pilot muath al-kaseasbeh , in that it begins with a lengthy interview with the orange-jumpsuit wearing victim speaking while sat at a table in a darkened room .
muhammad is seen giving details of the charges against him , which are understood to relate to accusations he was working as part of a spy network over the border in southern turkey .
led to his death : once the arabic-language interview scene inside the building is completed , muhammad is then seen