a major player in online travel has finally ` fallen into line ' by removing excess credit card charges two years after the royal bank of australia ruled that surcharges should be limited to ` reasonable costs ' .
online booking agent wotif confirmed they are dumping their $ 5.50 hotel booking fee which could put some $ 20 million dollars back into the pockets of australian consumers .
they are also removing credit card costs and surcharges on full service flights that would have set consumers back $ 16.95 however they will keep a surcharge on low cost airlines of $ 9.95 per person .
wotif have dumped excess booking fees which could save australians $ 20 million a year .
while wotif has been praised for the move , consumers who expected to see a drop in prices may be disappointed as the company is believed to have increased the commission levied on accommodation for bookings made via its website from 12 to 15 per cent , reported newscorp .
tom godfrey thinks there needs to be a regulatory body to stop companies from charging exorbitant prices for using a credit card or booking online .
tom godfrey from choice told daily mail australia that an increase in commission prices could be an effort to further ` fleece ' customers in a bid to offset losses from dropping the controversial credit card fees .
wotif said the change is not a bid to recoup costs lost by the surcharge but a reflection on their recent acquisition by competing company expedia .
mr godfrey said the rise in commission will increase up front costs of travel however the removal of the credit card surcharging is win for consumers and a clear warning to other companies who continue to ` flout ' the ban on excessive charges .
` it 's great to see consumers unite to drive change because it sends clear signal to businesses that we are n't happy .
' he said excessive credit card charges are costing australian 's over a billion dollars a year , with some of the ` worst offenders ' being qantas , jetstar , virgin and tiger .
` people are sick and tired of being ripped off by the top end of town , ' he said .
klaus bartosch , the business man responsible for an anti surcharge petition