masked smash-and-grab robbers fled with # 30,000-worth of jewellery from a birmingham store - in a raid that lasted just 48 seconds .
cctv footage shows the gang smashing their way into selective gold with sledgehammers and destroying display cabinets in front of terrified staff and customers .
the robbers packed # 80,000 worth of jewellery into two large bags before running out of the shop - all in under a minute .
scroll down for video .
one of the customers in the shop at the time of the raid bravely snatched back one of the bags the robbers had filled , which contained # 50,000 worth of jewellery .
owner john davis said his business was .
only saved by a customer who bravely snatched back a bag that contained .
jewellery worth around # 50,000 as the robbers fled .
the 57-year-old grandfather , who released the cctv footage , said : ' i have worked hard building up the business and have not taken a holiday in three years .
` you do all that and somebody comes in and snatches everything in just 48 seconds .
` the first we knew something was happening was when we heard two massive bangs at the door .
` it was mayhem in the minute that followed and i pleaded with them to not take the jewellery .
' i said they may as well kill me because the last few years have been really tough .
i said : `` please do n't do this , it will ruin me '' but they did n't care .
` the customer who grabbed the bag from them effectively kept me in business .
cctv from outside the shop shows one of the robbers approaching the reinforced security door with a sledgehammer before breaking in .
the masked robber burst into the shop , threatening the store owners and customers with sledgehammers before using them to smash into the glass display cabinets .
customers and staff members look on terrified as the gang of robbers clambered over the glass display cabinets - their identities concealed by masks .
grandfather john davis , who has been in the jewellery trade for 40 years , said that the customer who grabbed the bag from the robbers had effectively kept his shop selective gold -lrb- left -rrb- in business .
` the