calls for more racially diverse emojis -- cartoon-like pictograms used in text messages and apps - have been going on for over a year .
and now the unicode consortium , which sets the standards for emojis , is considering adding five new skin colours to its library of icons .
users will be able to choose an emoji 's skin colour that best reflects their own at the touch of a smartphone button , if the plans go ahead .
the unicode consortium , which sets the standards for emojis , is considering adding five new skin colours -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
users will be able to choose an emoji 's skin colour at the touch of a button .
the default emoji face was designed to be generic , but is caucasian , rather than an unrealistic shade such as bright yellow , leading people , including miley cyrus , to call for changes to better reflect global diversity .
the proposal is still under review but could lead to changes for millions of users as many operating systems are based on unicode standards .
` people all over the world want to have emoji that reflect more human diversity , especially for skin tone , ' according to the organisation 's report .
a proposal to expand the skin color options for emojis -lrb- pictuerd -rrb- may get the thumbs up from those calling for more diversity in the icons .
the default emoji face was designed to be generic , but is caucasian , rather than an unrealistic shade such as bright yellow .
a study in april found that the top trending word of the year , so far , is emoji .
emojis are the small digital images used to express an idea or emotion in electronic communication - which are continuing to spread like wildfire online .
the words and phrases were plucked from among millions used online in social media , blogs and global media .
other terms to make the list include ` futebol ' , and ` ghost plane ' - relating to the missing malaysia airlines plane .
the proposed update reveals that users will be able to press and hold a button down on their smartphone to choose an emoji 's skin colour .
it says : ` unicode version 8.0 is adding five symbol modifier characters that