by .
daily mail reporter .
a sprawling waterfront greenwich , connecticut estate sold for an astonishing $ 120 million on friday , the largest sum ever paid for a home in america .
that means its 12 bedrooms come in at $ 10 million each , but the anonymous buyer also gets two of his or her own islands in the long island sound to sweeten the deal .
the 13,000-square-foot mansion called copper beech farm also features a 75-foot pool , grass tennis court and stone carriage house .
$ 10m per bedroom : a 12-bedroom greenwich mansion sold friday for the record-breaking sum of $ 120 million -- apparently enough dough to buy palm trees even in chilly connecticut .
posh : the 50-acre waterfront estate features a 75-foot pool , two islands in long island sound , a stone carriage house and a grass tennis court .
seaside : the home once belonged to andrew carnegie 's niece and originally listed last may for an even more jaw-dropping $ 190 million .
while it 's original listing price was .
an even more astonishing $ 190 million , real estate agent david ogilvy .
tells the greenwich time he believes the sum is the most ever paid for a .
residential property in the united states .
` i 'll .
tell you a secret , ' he said after the historic closing friday .
` this is .
also the most expensive property sold in america .
the .
next-most-expensive sold for $ 117 million in california .
' that 9-acre silicon valley estate featuring an 8,900-square-foot mansion sold in january 2013 .
copper beech farm was built in 1896 and was once owned by andrew carnegie 's niece harriet lauder greenway .
like many homes in tony greenwich , copper beech was purchased through a limited liability corporation to protect the privacy of its new owner .
ogilvy would say only that the buyer is not local .
video source youtube .
outdated : the house maintains much of its 1896 charm , from speaking tubes to sleeping porches .
re-decorating : buyers should have enough money in reserve to bring in an interior designer to update the dated decor .
according to a july 2013 new york times .
report , the $ 120 million selling price is actually less than the .