by .
mark duell .
last updated at 9:24 am on 25th august 2011 .
skype has stepped up its attempts to corner the smartphone conference call market as competition grows from apple , google and facebook .
the internet phone firm has agreed to buy groupme , which runs a phone application for users to text and make conference calls with others .
new york-based groupme , which has existed for just a year , was expected to be bought by the luxembourg company for $ 80million on monday .
on call : internet phone firm skype has agreed to buy groupme , which runs a phone application for users to text and make conference calls with others .
` we think the mobile group messaging space is very important , ' skype chief executive tony bates said .
` it means furthering the breaking down of barriers to global communications .
' some entrepreneurs said it 's a good time to sell the firm , which has raised $ 11.5 million from investors , reported the wall street journal .
` there was perfect alignment , ' said groupme co-founder steve martocci .
` there are a lot of different areas where we can integrate .
' it comes as huge technology firms such as apple , google and facebook are launching their own smartphone messaging services .
changing hands : microsoft is still trying to get the approval of european commission regulators to complete an $ 8.5 billion purchase of skype .
microsoft is still trying to get the approval of european commission regulators to complete an $ 8.5 billion purchase of skype .
the firm was founded last year and its app allows friends or colleagues to communicate in private groups on their mobile phones .
the service currently sends around 100 million messages per month .
groupme could be a great asset for the software company on its windows-based mobile operating system , reported the wall street journal .
the u.s. federal trade commission approved microsoft 's purchase of skype in june .
internet companies are trying to get into the mobile market as they look for an alternative to texting and the blackberry messenger app .
group me 's applications will continue to exist separately for now but all of the firm 's 20 employees will eventually be joining skype .