by .
james rush .
published : .
11:50 est , 22 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
16:00 est , 22 january 2014 .
andrew woodhouse , 44 , was today on trial accused of assaulting two raiders he found stealing diesel from his business .
a businessman who attacked two thieves caught red-handed in a night-time raid was arrested after defending his property , a court has heard .
andrew woodhouse , 44 , was today on trial facing assault charges on the two raiders he found stealing diesel from his business .
a jury heard how woodhouse grabbed a fence post one was carrying as a weapon - and used it to fight back against them .
the father-of-five - who says he has repeatedly been a victim of crime at his gardening company - kept hold of the two burglars until police arrived .
but the court was told it was woodhouse who was then arrested and accused of using excessive force .
the thieves ended up with # 75 fines - but businessman woodhouse could face a prison sentence if he is found guilty of attacking them .
defence lawyer andrew taylor said : ` these thieves thought they would have nice easy pickings that night .
` many people would have given up and just claimed on their insurance but mr woodhouse is made of sterner stuff .
` he showed stoicism , courage and fitness to chase them .
one of the men was armed and went to attack him .
he acted in lawful self-defence .
` he agrees the red mist came down which you can understand when his business has almost been wiped out by crime .
` if it had n't been for him these men .
would not have been caught .
where are we in society when a person can not .
act in self-defence to protect his property .
that is what mr woodhouse .
was doing .
' woodhouse chased kevin green -lrb- left -rrb- and left him with two broken legs and a broken arm , the court heard .
he then allegedly rugby-tackled timothy cross -lrb- right -rrb- and lay on top of him until police arrived .
kevin green , 53 , and timothy cross , 32 , tried to escape into a neighbouring field with jerry cans full of