by .
lucy osborne for the daily mail .
` ugly ' : research showed that 46 per cent of 16-year-old girls enjoy being active - but say they are put off physical exercise simply because they hate what they have to wear .
-lrb- file picture -rrb- .
plenty of youngsters will admit that pe is their least favourite part of the school day .
but for the girls , it seems this reluctance has little to do with exercise -- and everything to do with their outfits .
nearly half of teenage girls would be happy to play more sport if their school pe kits were n't so ` ugly ' , a poll has found .
the research showed that 46 per cent of 16-year-old girls enjoy being active -- but say they are put off physical exercise simply because they hate what they have to wear .
and 39 per cent of younger girls , aged eight to 16 , said the same thing .
one pupil told researchers : ` my pe kit 's uncomfortable and a little bit small -- i do n't like myself in it .
' another said : ` if you 've got something you do n't like wearing , or you think does n't look nice , you do n't really want to do any sport in it .
' nearly half of girls also admitted to making up excuses to get out of doing sports classes , and more than a quarter of 16-year-olds said they feel ugly when they play sport , according to the study by health club chain virgin active .
youth inactivity is a major problem in the uk , particularly among young girls .
a separate study recently found that nearly four out of ten 16-year-old girls never take any strenuous activity in school .
in response to the research , virgin active and the women 's sport and fitness foundation challenged young girls to design a pe kit that they would be happy to wear .
the winner , 13-year-old emily marshall , swapped the traditional pe kit -- with its low-cut v-necked polo shirts , unflattering skirts and uncomfortable materials -- for a more modern design featuring leggings , high-necked collars and dark colours that hide sweat patches .
emily said : ` i enjoy exercise and know it is good