by .
leon watson .
published : .
05:14 est , 7 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:50 est , 7 february 2013 .
the head of the bolshoi theatre and its leading dancer have blamed each other for creating the poisonous atmosphere that led to last month 's acid attack on the ballet 's artistic director .
general director anatoly iksanov and nikolai tsiskaridze , the principal dancer , traded accusations of intrigue and skulduggery yesterday as the investigation into the january 17 attack on sergei filin , the company 's artistic director continued .
asked who he thought was behind the .
assault , mr iksanov told a russian magazine : ' i have only one feeling : .
that everything which happened is a logical result of the mayhem that .
was created by nikolai maksimovich tsiskaridze .
war of words : anatoly iksanov -lrb- left -rrb- , the general director of moscow 's bolshoi theatre , and ballet star nikolai tsiskaridze -lrb- right -rrb- attending an awarding ceremony in the kremlin in moscow .
` the dumping of mud on the theatre .
and its staff , the constant intrigues and -lsb- his -rsb- confidence in his own .
impunity is the background which made this tragedy possible .
' mr tsiskaridze , 39 , and the management .
of the theatre have had a long-standing , and often public , dispute over .
artistic differences and the recent reconstruction of the 188-year-old .
main building , which the dancer claimed left it ` looking like a turkish .
hotel ' .
mr tsiskaridze , a traditionalist , was .
one of several whom mr iksanov passed over in favour of mr filin for the post .
of artistic director in march 2011 .
mr filin has undergone several .
operations on his eyes and face since an assailant flung a jar of acid .
into his eyes near his moscow home last month .
doctors hope to save his .
vision .
mr iksanov claimed mr tsiskaridze had .
` crazy ambitions ' and ` no one in the theatre ' doubted that his alleged .
posturing contributed to the atmosphere in which mr filin , 42 , was .
attacked .
nikolai tsiskaridze is one of the figures at the centre of bitter infighting at the ballet company .
principal bolshoi