by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
19:04 est , 9 april 2012 .
| .
updated : .
06:44 est , 10 april 2012 .
after more than a week of mystery and intrigue surrounding the maryland mega millions jackpot , it appears that we have a winner , but who is it ?
the holder of the winning ticket , sold in a milford mill 7-eleven store has claimed their share of the record-breaking $ 656million prize today , but will remain anonymous .
maryland lottery spokeswoman carole everett said that the winner claimed the prize at lottery headquarters with a ticket matching all six numbers : 2-4-23-38-46 and the mega ball , 23 .
mystery : the milford , maryland , 7-eleven store is proudly displaying that they sold one of the winning tickets but the identity of the winner is not known .
the winner will remain anonymous , but officials will share some details at a news conference tuesday morning , she said .
maryland does not require lottery winners to be identified .
the burning question emerging from the announcement is whether the big winner is mcdonald 's worker mirlande wilson , who grabbed headlines as well as outrage when she publicly announced that she had the winning ticket -- and , despite entering the drawing with co-workers , was not sharing it .
ms wilson told nbc that she gave all of her co-workers the copies of the tickets for the pool and the winning ticket was not among them .
mega bucks : the jackpot was the biggest in mega millions history , and the three winners - one each in maryland , illinois and kansas - will each receive more than $ 218million before taxes .
instead she claims to have sent a friend to buy more tickets later that day and the winning one was among them .
` mcdonald 's do n't have nothing to do with this , ' she insisted .
` they do n't have nothing to do with - they do n't even know about it and they do n't even have nothing to do with this .
it 's only us by ourself -lsb- sic -rsb- .
' she then went on to say it was in a safe place at an undisclosed location before saying it was at the mcdonald 's