a ferrari-driving fantasist dubbed ` teflon don ' who murdered his wealthy heiress lover in order to steal # 816,000 from her bank accounts has been ordered to pay back just # 1 .
donald graham , 62 , from sparty lea , northumberland , killed heiress and property developer janet brown , 45 , so he could fund his lavish taste in supercars and buy his second mistress a home .
ms brown vanished in 2005 and her body has never been found .
scroll down for video .
donald graham , 62 , -lrb- pictured -rrb- killed heiress and property developer janet brown , 45 , his lover , for her money .
he stole # 300,000 of her savings , her land rover and porsche , took her horses and tried to siphon off thousands of pounds from her estate and that of her family .
graham , who dubbed himself teflon don , was last year jailed for life with a minimum of 32 years for killing ms brown for her money nine years after her death .
prosecutors wanted to reclaim his ill-gotten gains , which they said totalled # 816,127.86 p , under the proceeds of crime act .
but newcastle crown court heard graham , previously referred to in court as the prince of darkness , now has no available assets and so must pay back just back # 1 .
janet brown -lrb- pictured left -rrb- and graham -lrb- right -rrb- were lovers for eight years despite graham being married .
graham , who drove a ferrari , a porsche , a range rover and a alfa romeo spider , despite allegedly being short of cash , denied murdering ms brown between june 14 and 18 , 2005 but admitted stealing her money .
but jurors , who had been deliberating over the case for a week , found him guilty of murder and perverting the course of justice during a trial last year .
the court heard the hexham heiress ` disappeared from the face of the earth ' in june 2005 and no trace of her has ever been found .
graham spun a cruel web of lies that left ms brown 's parents believing she was still alive but living abroad .
graham , described as ` flash ' and always ` dripping in gold ' , lived with