incredible footage has been captured of the 14 skydivers losing control and crashing into the ocean after being stuck in the middle of an unexpected severe hail storm .
the petrified divers were ripped out of the sky by wild winds at st kilda beach on monday with two victims rushed to hospital and 12 others treated by paramedics after the terrifying crash landings .
the frightening footage , which looks to be have been taken from a balcony overlooking port phillip bay , shows the divers uncontrollably falling out of the sky as thunder clashes and lightning bolts strike .
scroll down for videos .
the first of 14 skydrivers who fell out of the sky at st kilda beach after an unexpected storm hit .
the diver plummeted at an almighty speed while a man captures the footage from a balcony in the distance .
within seconds the diver crashed into the water with huge force .
after a 38-degree sunny day , a fierce storm quickly took hold with the skydivers suddenly facing an intense hail storm and violent winds .
the extreme strength of the wind can be heard on the video with the cameraman struggling to hold the camera still while filming as one by one each diver dropped out of the dark sky and hit the rough waters at an almighty force .
horrified members of the public looked to the sky as the divers plummeted at a rapid pace before being battered across an expansive area of the beach and pier .
senior paramedic team manager , jo wilton , said that it was a chaotic scene when they arrived .
lightning struck as the divers dramaticaly fell one by one into the water before two victims rushed to hospital and 12 others treated by paramedics .
many onlookers ran into the sea to rescue one of the victims who slammed into the water , pictured here bringing the man and his equipment to land .
gail force winds forced the skydivers to tumble through the air , crashing into the ground or water .
during the free fall many were blown across the sky like rag dolls , lucky to escape with only minor injuries .
the first two survivors were found on the pier just after 3pm and were treated by metropolitan fire brigade marine firefighters .
` they were all