pioneering radio and tv host joe franklin , who gave breaks to the likes of al pacino and bill cosby on his variety show long before they became famous and who boasted he never missed a broadcast in decades , has died at age 88 .
he died saturday of cancer , which he had had for a few years , longtime producer and friend steven garrin said .
franklin often is credited with developing the standard tv talk show format , sitting behind a desk while interviewing wanna-be celebrities , minor celebrities and the occasional bona fide celebrity .
remembered : radio and tv host joe franklin died saturday of cancer , which he had had for a few years , longtime producer and friend steven garrin said .
he was 88 .
legend : by the early 1990s , joe franklin often said , he had chatted with more than 300,000 guests , including marilyn monroe , liza minnelli and madonna .
franklin is seen here being interviewed by conan o'brien in 1993 .
the host of ` the joe franklin show ' started in tv in 1950 .
by the early 1990s , he often said , he had chatted with more than 300,000 guests , including marilyn monroe , liza minnelli and madonna .
but the notables often had to share air time on his low-budget show with a tap-dancing dentist or a man who whistled through his nose .
garrin recalled how franklin , who was parodied by billy crystal on ` saturday night live , ' hired a young bette midler as his studio singer and gave a chance on his show to every up-and-comer trying to make it big : bruce springsteen , woody allen and dustin hoffman among them .
` he was a wonderful guy , ' garrin said sunday .
` he gave everybody an opportunity .
' garrin said he remembered how pacino , after he became a hollywood movie star , told franklin in a private meeting : ` joe , why do n't you interview me now that i 'm somebody ?
you interviewed me when i was nobody .
' after franklin 's tv show ended in 1993 , he worked on his late-night radio show .
he continued to work even after he developed cancer , doing celebrity interviews on the bloomberg radio network .