jockey andrea atzeni will be used ahead of jamie spencer on two-year-olds owned by qatar racing for the remainder of the season in order to familiarise himself with their string ahead of taking over as no 1 jockey next year .
david redvers , racing manager to sheik fahad al thani 's organisation , has confirmed the arrangement , which will also involve handing two-year-old rides where possible to oisin murphy , atzeni 's qatar racing understudy in 2015 .
but redvers emphasised that spencer will continue to be the first choice on the team 's older horses until his retirement at the end of the season .
andrea atzeni is replacing jamie spencer as no 1 jockey at qatar racing from next season .
david redvers , racing manager to sheik fahad al thani 's organisation , has confirmed the recent news .
talented irish rider oisin murphy will also be handed two-year-old rides where possible .
spencer will ride side glance as he returns to australia , where he won last year 's mackinnon stakes , and be the pick for a breeders ' cup squad which could include just the judge , trade storm and secret gesture .
atzeni , arguably the jockey of the season and due to ride his st leger winner kingston hill in sunday 's prix de l'arc de triomphe , was on board the sheik 's new purchase elm park , winner of the group two royal lodge stakes at newmarket on saturday .
the group one racing post trophy at doncaster on october 25 could now be on the agenda for the andrew balding-trained colt .
redvers said : ` there is no doubt andrea is a young jockey going forward at a fast rate .
he has lots of confidence and his ride on elm park , who was n't going anywhere three furlongs out showed great maturity .
atzeni pictured riding elm park wins the juddmonte royal lodge stakes at newmarket racecourse .
spencer is retiring from as first jockey at qatar racing , allowing atzeni to come in .
` our intention is to give andrea and oisin as much experience as possible of the two-year-olds going into the winter as their commitments allow .
' qatar racing 's derby fourth arod , who has n't run since his fifth to australia in the international stakes at york