by .
mia de graaf .
published : .
06:59 est , 17 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:18 est , 18 september 2013 .
as 10-foot-high waves crashed onto blackpool 's shores this morning , the first frost of the season began creeping into britain - but there is sun and heat around the corner .
a chill has fallen over the midlands , wales and the north of england as temperatures drop to single figures .
with some parts of wales as low as 1.6 c , the uk is well below the 16.8 c average for this time of year .
it follows a weekend of gale-force winds and sporadic showers that seemed to eclipse summer in one fell swoop .
last gust of wind : blackpool 's north shore is battered by gales and rain that sent waves crashing four metres in the air and onto the shore .
this weather is easing off .
whopper swans have started arriving at a wildlife reserve in east anglia a week earlier than usual , forecasting britain will have a freezing winter .
two of the swans arrived at the ouse washes in welney , cambridgeshire , on friday , but are normally seen at the end of september .
tonight sees the first frost of the season .
blackpool has been blasted with wind soaring in from the west and this morning waves jumped three-four metres in the air as they clapped onto the shore .
but tomorrow will see a change as the sunrise brings temperatures inching into the high teens .
in the south east , people will enjoy temperatures as high as 24c .
the ever-changing weather is welcomed by the owners of a welsh tea room , famous for its coat of blazing red ivy .
virginia creeper leaves burst into life when the intermittent rain and sun comes in september , covering tu hwnt i ' r bont tea room in conwy , wales .
it attracts attention from all over the globe - earning the medieval building its nickname ` the red house ' .
the early autumn has been welcomed in small a part of north wales where a small welsh tearoom is awash with vivid red hues as a virginia creeper cloaks the tu hwant l' r bont tearoom .
the tea room owner , tim