by .
martha de lacey .
published : .
07:26 est , 2 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:40 est , 2 december 2013 .
a british candle-maker has created the ultimate homage to her local football club , newcastle united : a handmade scented candle that smells just like their playing pitch at st james ' park .
ruth herling , artist and founder of candela candles , intended to create a product that would give off the smell of freshly-mown playing field grass .
the 39-year-old from gosforth , northumberland , has named it the geordie and hopes it will remind northerners who have fled their hometown of the city 's best bits .
the geordie candle smells of freshly-mown grass and intends to recall the newcastle fc pitch of st james ' park .
yoan gouffran of newcastle united celebrates at st james ' park in newcastle upon tyne .
the geordie candle is black and white and has a fresh and dewy fragrance .
the candle is already so popular it is one of her fastest-sellers , herling told sky .
the black and white candle with the smell of newly mown turf has become so popular it is among the fastest-selling of her range of luxury candles .
describing the # 9.95 candle - which is ` dedicated to geordie land ' - the company says : ` pure vegetable wax , combined with an exclusive blend of exquisite fragrances to create a luxuriously perfumed , scented candle .
` this handmade scented candle will burn for some 30 hours , diffusing a crisp and fresh fragrance , dedicated to the heart of geordie land and fresh cut pitch of st james ' park .
` our geordie scented candle is a wonderfully fresh and uplifting blend and is one of the our popular fragrances dedicated to geordie land .
' the candela range of candles , which include the geordie , spring delight , jasmine , english garden and bouquet .
speaking to sky , herling said : ` fragrances can be very powerfully evocative , and can unlock memories and emotions we may long have forgotten about .
` i 'd hope the scent of fresh grass when combined with the distinctive black-and-white design of the label will help transport people to a place which means a great deal to