by .
john hall .
and hugo gye .
new homeowners in a single suburban street have paid the government more than # 1million in stamp duty in just two years .
analysis of sold house prices on hillier road in wandsworth , south london shows the exchequer has collected an estimated # 1,048,518 from the most recent 16 sales alone .
the figures come on the same day it was revealed that renting a home is now significantly cheaper than buying one thanks to the non-stop house price boom , with the gap continuing to grow between monthly rental payments and mortgage costs in recent months .
expensive street : the property sales on hillier road took place between september 2011 and january this year , with all but two falling into the five per cent stamp duty threshold .
the average sum levied on a transaction was # 65,532 , with the properties purchased ranging from a two bedroom flat to five-bedroom terraced houses .
government goldmine : analysis of sold house prices on hillier road in wandsworth , south london -lrb- pictured -rrb- shows the exchequer has collected an estimated # 1,048,518 from the most recent 16 sales alone .
the sales took place between september 2011 and january this year , with all but two falling into the five per cent tax threshold .
real price : the figures for hillier road emerged following revelations that new homeowners shelled out # 10billion in stamp duty in a single year .
the office for budget responsibility said the property tax bill has risen 40 per cent since march 2013 .
bubble : the figures come on the same day it was revealed that renting a home is now significantly cheaper than buying one .
concern is growing over the current house price boom , with the average uk home now costing 11 per cent more than it did last year .
the property sales on hillier road took place between .
september 2011 and january this year , with all but two falling into the five .
per cent stamp duty threshold .
the average sum levied on a transaction was # 65,532 , with the properties purchased ranging from a two bedroom flat to five-bedroom terraced houses .
the highest bill was the estimated # 99,970 thought to have been paid by the new owners of