steven drake jr. , 29 , has been jailed for posts allegedly inciting violence against police the same day two new york city officers were shot dead .
a facebook user from pennsylvania has been jailed for posts allegedly inciting violence against police the same day two new york city officers were shot dead .
according to the observer-reporter , steven drake jr. , 29 , was arrested last wednesday in mcdonald .
among the profanity-laced comments he reportedly posted on december 20 were ` the police brought this on themselves !
i say kill them all !
enough is enough .
' he apparently wrote similar remarks on his social media page the following day .
the statements came after ismaaiyl abdullah brinsley , 28 , shot and killed new york city police officers raphael ramos and wenjian liu as they sat in their patrol car .
the maryland man then turned the gun on himself .
two hours before the incident , brinsley had posted a picture of a gun on instagram with the chilling message : ` i 'm putting wings on pigs today .
they take 1 of ours ... ` let 's take 2 of theirs #shootthepolice #riperivgardner -lrb- sic -rrb- #ripmikebrown .
this may be my final post .
i 'm putting pigs in a blanket .
' tragically , baltimore police had tried to apprehend brinsley by alerting the nypd after his morning shooting - but by the time a wanted flyer was issued , his attack was already under way .
police in pennsylvania received an anonymous tip off about drake 's ` aggressive ' facebook posts , along with screenshots shortly after the new york slayings .
apparently he said he ` often posts anti-police rhetoric ' on his social media pages and was drunk while writing his latest commentary .
the midway resident now faces a preliminary hearing on january 6 with charges including terroristic threats and disorderly conduct .
online court records do not list an attorney for him .
police say drake acknowledged making the posts , which also referenced the recent police killings of michael brown in ferguson , missouri , and eric garner in new york city .
victims : officers rafael ramos -lrb- left -rrb- and wenjian liu -lrb- right -rrb- were killed on december 20 in a brazen ambush .