by .
jessica jerreat .
published : .
01:02 est , 12 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
01:29 est , 12 august 2013 .
what started as a childhood obsession with trains has led to a 49-year-old man spending nearly a third of his life in jail for habitually pretending to be a subway driver .
darius mccollum has been arrested 29 times for driving trains on the subway , stealing buses and pretending to be a conductor and railway worker .
` i 've always loved trains , ever since i can remember .
i had the whole subway map memorized by the time i was 8 , ' mccollum said .
arrest : darius mccollum is escorted from the subway in 2008 after being caught dressing like a transit worker .
mccollum , who has spent 18 years in prison , has been at rikers island jail since his last arrest in 2010 for stealing a trailways bus which he used to drive a unwitting airline crew to jfk airport on .
while the case may be familiar to him , mccollum and his family hope the outcome at the trial will be different this time .
attorney sally butler believes mccollum 's actions are the result of uncontrolled impulses , a byproduct of what was , until recently , called asperger 's syndrome but is now considered an autism spectrum disorder .
obsession : darius mccollum has spent 18 years in jail because of his love of trains .
with the driving force behind his obsession pinpointed , the district attorney 's office has taken a different approach .
mccollum pleaded guilty to stealing the bus on thursday , but instead of being sentenced to 15 years as a habitual offender , he will get two and a half to 5 years , and voluntarily undergo cognitive behavioral therapy .
' i really do want to change .
i have motivation and people behind me - i think i can do it this time , ' he told the associated press from jail .
mccollum presents a confusing challenge .
for the criminal justice system .
he is not violent .
he just drives the .
routes , fixes broken tracks and works alongside other transit employees .
without an official job .
but , as prosecutors have said , he could cause .