by .
lucy crossley .
from taking on the enemy on land or at sea , to an embrace with loved ones after months away , these prize-winning photographs showing marines and sailors at work give an illuminating snapshot into today 's royal navy .
the royal navy photographers who captured the images during deployments with warships and royal marine commando units across the globe over the last 12 months were today recognised for their talent , dedication and creativity at the annual peregrine trophy awards in london .
joining up as any other rating into a particular trade such as logistics , engineering or warfare specialists , the sailors work hard to excel at their chosen field before being accepted into the elite photographic branch .
the select few then work with the royal navy and royal marines on deployments anywhere in the world -- from antarctica to afghanistan , from the uk to the far east -- taking pictures of maritime operations , personnel at work and demonstrating all aspects of service life .
the awards were open to the 42 photographers in the branch , who submitted 350 entries , while 11 amateur photographers put forward 65 images .
the best of these images are showcased at tonight 's prestigious annual peregrine trophy awards -- which this year has been held on board hms bulwark in london .
the royal navy 's fleet flagship is currently in london as part of the celebrations for the royal marines ' 350th anniversary .
winners : this image by leading airman -lrb- photographer -rrb- dave jenkins of hms dragon 's mk8 lynx helicopter on a night flying serial was among the winners at today 's peregrine trophy awards for royal navy photographers , scooping the top prize in the media operations category .
tender moment : the royal navy , royal marines charity family and friends award winner leading airman -lrb- photographer -rrb- maxine davies captures the heart-warming moment chief petty officer tim cox from gosport is reunited with his children lucy and harry at the homecoming of hms richmond .
prize : chief petty officer -lrb- photographer -rrb- thomas mcdonald won the commandant general royal marines prize , awarded for the best portfolio depicting royal marines related subjects .
pictured are royal marines from 43 commando demonstrating their military skills while training in and around glen fruin , argyll