twitter has introduced a new ` buy ' button that will allow users to make purchases directly through tweets .
the button , which is currently only available to a small percentage of u.s. users , will appear at the bottom right of partner tweets in the twitter apps on ios and android .
to make a purchase you simply tap the button , review product details and enter your shipping and payment information at the prompt .
once complete , twitter will send an order confirmation .
` an an entire purchase can be completed in just a few taps , ' the company boasts in a blog post introducing the feature .
shopping via twitter : users can purchase concert tickets and limited edition items such as this t-shirt supporting -lrb- red -rrb- , a nonprofit focused on fighting aids .
twitter has partnered with social shopping platform , fancy , ecommerce companies gumroad and musictoday , and mobile payment startup , stripe to develop the functionality , and has rolled out the service with a number of notable brands , nonprofits and music artists .
current participants include burberry , the home depot , demi lovato , pharrell , paramore and -lrb- red -rrb- , with more to come .
for now the feature is focused on selling limited-edition and time sensitive items such as concert tickets and t-shirts , however , a wider variety of products may become available as the button evolves .
the company also stressed the measures it 's taken to ensure security of user information .
` your payment and shipping information is encrypted and safely stored after your first transaction , so you can easily buy on twitter in the future without having to re-enter all of your information , ' tarun jain , group product manager explains .
social media sales : current participants in the twitter ` buy ' button include pharrell -lrb- left -rrb- and demi lovato -lrb- right -rrb- .
designer clout : the social media site will also allow users to buy limited-edition items from burberry .
` of course , you can always remove this information from your account .
your credit card is processed securely and wo n't be shared with the seller without your permission .
' it 's a big move for twitter , experts say , and emphasizes the company 's