green , they may be .
but electric cars have struggled to overcome one of the main shortfalls that put buyers off - an inferior range to their petrol-powered rivals .
that may be about to change after a new electric car was unveiled that promises to go 500 miles -lrb- 800km -rrb- before the battery needs recharging .
this would be far more than one of the current leaders in the field , the battery / gasoline chevrolet volt , which can do around 375 miles -lrb- 600km -rrb- on one charge-up .
going the distance : the qbeak electric car which promises to go 500 miles before the battery needs recharging .
on the horizon : a battery/fuel cell demonstration model of the qbeak is expected to arrive sometime in 2013 .
the modular energy carrier concept -lrb- mecc -rrb- , created by three danish companies , uses bio-methanol to bolster its battery life .
mogens .
lokke , ceo of ecomove , designers of the innovative ` qbeak ' car said .
bio-methanol was far better than diesel or gasoline because it produces .
substantially less carbon dioxide .
` in .
combination with the way we built the car , which is really lightweight .
-lrb- 425 kilograms -rrb- , we can get the 500-mile range , ' he told cnn .
a .
bio-methanol / water is converted by the fuel cell to create .
electricity , while waste heat from the process powers the car 's heating .
and cooling system .
one right royal potential owner : prince charles has a look inside one of ecomove 's electric concept cars during a visit to denmark earlier this year .
keen interest : prince charles and camilla were both given the low-down on the new designs when they visited vitus bering innovation park in may .
it also benefits from a innovative chassis design which has really pushed the technology forward .
` instead .
of putting in a fixed battery , we have built in -lrb- six -rrb- modules that can .
be fitted inside the chassis .
we can use battery power in the modules or .
any other kind of energy source , ' lokke said .
the award-winning qbeak also uses patented in-wheel electric motors to deliver a top speed of 75mph -lrb- 120kph -rrb- .
the car caught the