lyon moved back to the top of ligue 1 for 24 hours at least after claiming a comfortable 3-1 victory at guingamp .
nabil fekir 's goal and alexandre lacazette 's penalty in the first half put les gones in control and guingamp 's hopes of a comeback took a blow when christophe kerbrat was given his marching orders before half-time .
clinton n'jie struck just after the hour to put hubert fournier 's side three goals to the good , meaning claudio beauvue 's effort 10 minutes from time was only a consolation .
alexandre lacazette celebrates after scoring a penalty for lyon to send them top of ligue 1 on saturday .
it was lyon 's first win in three and moved them back above paris st germain , who play third-placed marseille in a much-anticipated encounter on sunday evening .
two quick-fire second-half penalties saw montpellier come from behind to beat bastia 3-1 and move six points off the european places .
lucas barrios and anthony mounier both struck from the spot within two minutes to cancel out giovanni sio 's opener - with morgan sanson adding a third for the hosts in stoppage time .
it was lyon 's first win in three and moved them back above paris st germain who play on sunday .
lille got back to winning ways in emphatic fashion with a 3-1 triumph over strugglers reims .
sebastien corchia and divock origi put the hosts 2-0 up before nicolas de preville pulled one back for reims but nolan roux added gloss to the scoreline at the stade pierre-mauroy .
at the other end of the table rennes took a significant step closer to survival with a 3-0 win at lorient , whose own hopes of avoiding the drop received another hit .
edson mexer gave rennes a 17th-minute lead and then goals either side of half-time from sylvain armand and abdoulaye doucoure ensured philippe montanier 's men would be returning home with the points .
lille 's french forward nolan roux is congratulated by teammates after scoring in their 3-1 win over reims .
metz gave themselves at least some hope of staying up as modibo maiga 's hat-trick earned them a 3-2 victory over relegation rivals toulouse .
wissam ben yedder gave toulouse a 21st-minute lead but maiga - on loan from west ham - quickly equalised , put