by .
alex greig .
and associated press .
published : .
10:02 est , 31 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
10:54 est , 31 january 2014 .
five thieves have made off with more than $ 700,000 worth of watches from luxury jewelry store cartier in manhattan in broad daylight .
customers and staff watched in shock as the five brazen bandits used a hammer to smash open a display case near the door and scoop up 16 timepieces around 12:30 pm thursday , fleeing the store before police could arrive .
the robbers had pushed past an unarmed guard at the door and were out of the store before the other guards could react .
shopping precinct : the manhattan cartier store is surrounded by other high-end retailers on fifth avenue .
investigators said two of the men had masks covering their faces and all were wearing gloves .
the thieves were possibly emboldened by the heavy police presence around times square overseeing preparations for the super bowl festivities .
men believed to be the thieves were seen by nearby construction workers before the robbery , peering into the store .
target : thieves smashed a cabinet and scooped up all the watches they could get their hands on - ending up with a haul of $ 700,000 .
when they made their move , the thieves used hammers to smash the half-inch thick glass of the display cabinet .
well-timed : thieves took just moments to steal cartier watches , such as this one that retails for more than $ 40,000 .
` it happened so fast that people really didnâ $ ™ t know what was going on , ' a police source told the new york post .
` they heard the smashing of the display case , but they thought it was an accident outside .
and the perps ran out before the customers realized anything .
' customers and staff were shaken by the incident but no one was injured in the theft .
` it was completely broken on the .
top , ' .
` from what i saw , everything was missing .
' i .
saw some of the guys who worked there standing outside , ' nicholas basoukos , a manager at the nearby hellenis jewelry told .
the new york daily news .
`