boko haram fighters have massacred more than 100 people in the north cameroon town of fotokol .
militants from the terrorist islamist group murdered residents inside their own homes and at a mosque on tuesday .
many of the dead were found with their throats slit , according to a local newspaper .
the raid comes amid a major offensive by cameroon and its neighbouring african states against boko haram , which has killed thousands and kidnapped hundreds in nigeria and begun to mount increasingly bloody cross-border raids .
boko haram fighters attacked the north cameroon town of fotokol on tuesday until they were driven out by cameroon and chad forces -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
` boko haram entered fotokol through gambaru early in the morning and they killed more than 100 people in the mosque , in the houses and they burned property , ' said the civic leader abatchou abatcha , whose own son was shot dead during the raid .
cameroon 's information minister issa tchiroma said the cameroon army had pushed boko haram out of the border town after heavy fighting , which killed 50 militants and six of its own soldiers .
the sunni muslim jihadist group is seen as the main security threat to nigeria , africa 's biggest economy and top oil producer which will hold a presidential election on february 14 .
on thursday , extremists on the run from the three-nation offensive took revenge on civilians in fotokol , shooting and burning scores to death and razing mosques and churches .
cameroonian officials said more than 500 wounded people are trapped in the town where fighting continued thursday .
they said boko haram fighters are using civilians as shields .
the african union last week authorised a regional force of 7,500 troops to fight the militants .
in neighbouring chad , state television reported its army had ` completely wiped out ' boko haram bases at gambaru and ngala in northern nigeria on tuesday , killing more than 200 militants with nine chad losses .
the raid comes amid a major regional offensive -lrb- pictured as chadian and cameroonian soldiers defend against the jihadists -rrb- in cameroon against boko haram , which has killed thousands and kidnapped hundreds in neighbouring nigeria .
cameroon 's information minister issa tchiroma said the cameroon army , supported by chadian forces , had pushed boko