a 24-year-man accused of poisoning and dismembering his mother after she removed him from her will has been found guilty of first-degree murder .
ari liggett , 25 , of centennial , colorado , was charged following the death of 56-year-old beverly liggett in october 2012 .
police found liggett driving around with his mother 's remains in two plastic storage bins in the back of an suv days after he killed her .
ari liggett , 25 , of centennial , colorado , -lrb- pictured both left and right -rrb- faces life in prison after been found guilty of first-degree murder on monday .
liggett , who faces life in prison , is set to be sentenced on friday .
police reports say liggett told officers he found his mother dead on the floor of their home and that she 'd committed suicide by taking potassium cyanide .
he said he was trying to put her body in a storage shed when he was arrested .
when later questioned by police , the former university of colorado student mentioned his mother 's will and said his ` definition of right and wrong may be different from what others think .
' prosecutors claimed that liggett had an obsessive , years-long plan to kill his mother , reports the denver post .
liggett had pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity in july , but a state mental hospital found him competent to stand trial .
police found liggett driving around with the remains of his mom , beverly liggett , in two plastic storage bins in the back of an suv days after he killed her .
prosecutors acknowledged liggett 's long history of mental health issues , but argued that he had maintained a ` method to his madness ' as he spent years buying chemicals and practicing his mixtures in the centennial home he shared with his mother .
prosecutors said liggett poisoned his mother with a cyanide mixture on oct. 14 or 15 , 2012 , and spent the next 24 hours getting rid of the evidence by dismembering her body in the bathtub .
he then placing her remains in plastic tubs full of olive oil , before scrubbing cleaning the house and running a handsaw through a cycle in the dishwasher .
liggett repeatedly told officers they could not prove he was sane .