mysterious rumbles thought to be coming from strange activity deep beneath the ground in italy have been traced to a rather more mundane source - machinery in cement factories .
scientists have been baffled by a series of tremors that were being detected by italy 's extensive network of seismic sensors in recent years .
they had attributed the vibrations to movements of magma bubbling near the surface of the earth 's crust beneath the country , despite occurring in areas that were not volcanically active .
geologists detected 342 tremors with epicentres within 150 metres -lrb- 492 feet -rrb- of a cement plant in ghigiano , umbria in northern italy , a location that is not volcanically active yet was being hit with mysterious rumbles .
but now geologists believe they have found a more concrete answer for the weird seismic activity - the country 's extensive network of cement factories .
italy is one of the largest producers of cement in europe and has at least 57 full cycle plants and dozens more processing plants .
the researchers now believe that these enormous factories could be responsible for producing vibrations across almost half of the country .
mysterious floating orbs , which have been linked to ufos by some , could provide an early warning to earthquakes according to scientists .
they have found that these lights , which are seen just before or after an earthquake , tend to occur on or near a rift in the earth 's crust - elongated troughs that are bounded on both sides by normal faults .
electrical charges flow along stress lines the crust and when they reach the surface , ionise the air molecules to produce light .
looking back at 65 of the best recorded incidents of earthquake lights in america and europe since the 1600s , scientists found 85 percent appeared spatially on or near rifts while 97 per cent appeared adjacent to a type of fault known as a subvertical fault .
scientists believe it may be possible to detect the electrical charges that create the lights to help them detect earthquakes before they happen .
they calculated that each factory can shake the surrounding countryside up to 18 miles away .
dr diana latorre and her colleagues at the national institute of geophysics and vulcananology in italy said that thousands of tremors , or microearthquakes