bulgaria 's grigor dimitrov twice recovered from a set down to beat marcos baghdatis and book his place in the fourth round of the australian open on friday .
number 10 seed dimitrov won 4-6 , 6-3 , 3-6 , 6-3 , 6-3 in a match lasting three hours and 28 minutes and played in a raucous atmosphere on court three at melbourne park .
both players had noisy groups of fans bellowing their support and making the contest feel more like a davis cup tie than a third-round match in the year 's first grand slam .
video scroll down for australian open : dimitrov wins 4-6 , 6-3 , 3-6 , 6-3 , 6-3 vs baghdatis .
grigor dimitrov celebrates after battling back from a set down twice to beat marcos baghdatis .
baghdatis -lrb- left -rrb- congratulates dimtrov on his victory after an epic match of nearly three-and-a-half hours .
no 10 seed dimitrov crouches play a forehand shot on court three at melbourne park .
baghdatis looked to be on course to make the fourth round when he went two sets to one up .
baghdatis lost to roger federer in the australian open final in 2006 and went on to reach a career-high eighth in the world that year , but arrived in melbourne ranked 78th .
the 29-year-old from cyprus had lost to ryan harrison in the final of the happy valley challenger in his previous tournament but took the opening set with a single break of serve .
dimitrov , who reached the semi-finals at wimbledon last year , claimed an early break in the second set and was leading 5-2 when baghdatis called for a medical timeout and received treatment on what looked to be a hip injury .
dimitrov , pictured , stretching to return a shot , will play either andy murray or joao sousa in the fourth round .
baghdatis shows his broken shoelace to the umpire during a pulsating third round clash at the australian open .
bulgarian star dimitrov prepares to hit a powerful forehand shot on day five of the tournament .
dimitrov went on to take the set , but baghdatis won the third and looked on course to beat a top-20 player for the first time since the 2013 us open , only for dimitrov to force a decider after baghdatis received more treatment