these magnificent mountains look almost unreal as they constantly change colour with the light and weather .
british photographer andro loria , 50 , said the altering shadows it was like watching an ` everlasting show ' pass over the landscape .
he took the shots on a hiking tour through the landmannalaugar highlands in iceland 's fjallabak nature reserve .
mr loria , a scientist from north west london , said the scene was ` unearthly ' and at times he felt like he was walking across the moon .
captivated by the area 's beauty , he said he slowed the rest of the group down because he kept stopping to take ` hundreds ' of photos .
british photographer andro loria captured the iceland landscape beautifully , and included this 70-year-old walker .
the mountains appear to change colour dependent on the light and the weather .
mr loria , who is engaged to be married , said : ` the colourful mountains change colours constantly according to the light and weather .
` the patches of ice or snow in spring or early summer add more contrast to the scenery ; some ice patches on slopes survive into late summer .
the hills are usually yellow and gold with splashes of grey and blue and red or purple from sulphur rich minerals due to volcanic activity .
green moss adds an extra colour .
` as the relief is rather ragged you have a constant interplay between light , colour and shades creating a never ending show .
it is a paradise for photography .
' the shots include mt. brennisteinsalda , which means ` sulphur wave ' , an 850 metre high active volcano with hot sulphur springs on its slopes .
mr loria added : ` the combination of contrasting colour and light in ever-changing shapes due to variable light was absolutely unique .
i had never seen anything like it before .
colours added by volcanic activity made it all look almost unreal and unearthy .
` you almost feel like you are crossing a lunar landscape at times .
` the majority of peaks in landmannalaugar are between 800-1200m above sea level .
due to the location of the highlands the view from the top spots allows you to see incredible panoramas .
the constant interplay of light , shapes , shades