by .
peter allen .
published : .
06:27 est , 6 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
10:55 est , 6 october 2012 .
a suspected islamic terrorist was shot dead by french police in front of his veiled wife and their young child today .
the man , in his 30s , was gunned down after firing a .357 magnum revolver as armed officers swarmed into his house in the eastern city of strasbourg .
seven others , including another gunman in paris , were arrested during a nationwide anti-terrorist operation .
sting operation : a man , in his 30s , was shot dead as police arrested terror suspects around france .
armed siege : a policeman from the gipn - french national police intervention groups - stands guard outside a building in cannes , southeastern france , where me connected with an extremist islamic group were arrested .
dramatic scenes : all the men arrested are believed to be part of the salafist group which is waging a holy war in europe .
organised : the anti-terror operation was carried out in several cities around france - notably in strasbourg where a suspect was fatally wounded .
all were suspected of being involved in an attack on a jewish shop in which one person was slightly injured last month .
the extreme violence used by the authorities in the face of muslim extremism was praised by president francois hollande who ` saluted the action of the police ' and urged interior minister manuel valls to ` take all measures necessary to ensure vigilance .
' all the men targetted today were said to be linked to a salafist group which is committed to waging a jihad - or holy war - across europe .
it follows mohammed merah , a 23-year-old french algerian with similar salafism connections , shooting seven people , including four jews , dead in the toulouse area in march .
at least three policemen were injured .
in today 's strasboug raid , while others received direct hits to their .
bullet proof jackets and helmets .
heavily armed : police officers wore full protective clothing including bullet proof vests , helmets and shields .
the anti-terror operation comes after extremist mohammed merah killed seven people - including four jews - in toulouse in march .
the suspect , meanwhile