barcelona will offer # 50million for in-demand juventus midfielder paul pogba , and plan to let him stay in italy for a year on loan .
spanish press reports indicate chelsea are their only rivals for the frenchman 's signature .
pogba is one of europe 's most in demand young talents but spanish paper sport say that the leaders in la liga and the barclays premier league are the only two viable destinations for the 22-year-old frenchman .
with barcelona currently under the restrictions of a fifa-imposed transfer ban until the january window , pogba would have to be loaned back to juve until the 2016-17 season as part of any prospective deal .
sport say barcelona will make a # 50m offer for paul pogba while marca look at the race for la liga .
pogba is said to be the subject of a # 50m bid from barca with chelsea their only realistic transfer rivals .
lionel messi returned to training for barcelona after a foot problem ahead of facing celta vigo .
sport claim that pogba has listened to barca 's offer but is yet to decide on his future with four years remaining on his contract with the italian champions .
the catalan daily also say that lionel messi has recovered from a problem with swelling on his foot to start for barca in their return to la liga against celta vigo on sunday after making it through a training session unscathed .
also in spain , marca look at real madrid 's quest to overhaul their perennial rivals at the top of la liga .
they say that if real win their final 10 games to take a total points haul of 94 , they can count on winning the title .
that might be easier said than done , however .
no team has won their last 10 games in la liga in the last decade , no matter how sure real are that barca will falter .
l'equipe look ahead to a big weekend in the french title race , a bola pin benfica 's hopes on nicolas gaitan .
david luiz and psg have made their way to the top of ligue 1 but that position will be challenge this weekend .
marseille and their star striker andre-pierre gignac will want to knock psg off the top of the table .