by .
sarah michael for daily mail australia .
a dilapidated cottage with rotting walls covered in graffiti is set to sell for more than $ 2 million when it goes to auction next week .
the property in trendy , inner-city melbourne suburb richmond comes with a planning permit for the construction of four townhouses , one of which will have to incorporate the rundown cottage because it is protected by a heritage overlay .
this comes as new figures show house prices in australian capital cities have recorded their strongest gains in winter since 2007 , increasing by 4.2 percent in the three months to the end of august .
this rotting cottage at 336 burnley street in richmond , inner-city melbourne is set to sell for more than $ 2 million .
the lift in capital gains was driven by melbourne which recorded a 6.4 percent increase , beating sydney which recorded a 5 percent increase .
biggin & scott property marketing agent allan cove , who is in charge of the richmond property at 336 burnley st , said it had attracted a lot of interest - mainly from builders and developers .
` we 're expecting bidding to start at the $ 2 million mark , ' mr cove told daily mail australia .
' i know i 've got interest over into the early $ 2 million area , but i do n't know if it would get as much as $ 2.5 million .
` whether it does or not the auction will tell the story there .
' the planning permit will allow developers to build three three-bedroom townhouses and one four-bedroom townhouse , ranging in size from 175 to 249 square metres .
the property comes with a planning permit for the construction of four townhouses .
one of the townhouses will have to incorporate the rundown cottage because it is protected by a heritage overlay .
the property will go to auction at 1pm on september 12 .
meanwhile , rp data figures showed melbourne and sydney were the only capital cities to record double-digit dwelling value growth over the past year .
melbourne outperformed sydney over winter but sydney was the leader year-on-year , with house prices increasing 16.2 percent in sydney compared with 11.7 percent in melbourne .
all other capital cities trailed behind with adelaide recording a