the price of sending some parcels is to be cut in the run up to christmas , saving consumers up to # 5.20 per package , the royal mail has announced .
the size of a ` small ' parcel will effectively double to 2kg , at a cost of # 2.80 .
a package this large would have previously been classed as ` medium ' size and would have cost customers # 8 .
the promotion will last from october 20 to january 18 , allowing families and businesses to make savings by sending larger items at a reduced rate , and cramming more into a single package than they would have been able to previously .
delivery : royal mail is to cut the price of sending small parcels in the run up to christmas , saving consumers up to # 5.20 per package .
the temporary promotion will last from october 20 to january 18 .
the increased size of a ` small parcel ' - currently 45cm x 35cm x 16cm - is permanent and will remain in place after the january 18 deadline , but the maximum weight limit will return to one kilo or under .
there are currently separate prices for parcels weighing more or less than one kilo , even if their packaging is the same size .
speaking of the promotion , nick landon , managing director of royal mail parcels , said : ` we are pleased to further simplify our stamped parcels portfolio to provide great value and support consumers and small businesses .
` to launch the new small parcel format we are introducing a festive price promotion that will benefit customers sending christmas presents to friends and relatives , marketplace sellers and smaller businesses selling gifts online , ' he added .
explained : the size of a ` small ' parcel will effectively double to 2kg , at a cost of # 2.80 .
a package this large would have previously been classed as ` medium ' size and would have cost customers # 8 .
the promotion takes effect on october 20 , just in time for the christmas post when up to 10 million parcels are delivered to uk addresses every day .
royal mail said the scheme will also see approximately 100 royal mail delivery offices opening on sundays over the christmas period