by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
david cameron today took aim at triumphant ukip leader nigel farage , dismissing his image as a ` normal bloke down the pub ' .
the prime minister hit the airwaves after the tories were pushed into third behind ukip and labour , despite his repeated promise to hold an in-out referendum on britain 's membership of the eu .
mr cameron said the message from voters had been ` absolutely received and understood ' , but challenged the idea that mr farage is anything other than a ` consummate politician ' .
scroll down for video .
prime minister david cameron said the tories understand the message from voters , after being pushed into third behind ukip and labour .
after 10 of great britain 's 11 regional constituencies had declared their results , ukip had 23 meps and a 29.07 per cent share of the vote - up 11.68 per cent on 2009 .
labour had 18 meps and a 25.35 % vote share , narrowly ahead of the tories with 18 meps but 24.56 per cent .
mr farage , a privately-educated ex-city trader , has played up the idea that he is different to the other party leaders , with regular visits to pubs , including to celebrate last week 's local elections .
but he has faced criticism over his use of brussels allowances and employing his german wife kirsten using taxpayers ' money .
mr cameron said : ` listening to him on the radio and television over the last few days it all seems supremely tactical .
` it 's all about trying to grow votes in clusters or something in different parts of the country .
so i do n't really accept this thing .
he is a consummate politician .
` we have seen that with his expenses and wife on the pay roll and everything else .
so i do n't really accept that he 's a normal bloke down the pub thing .
' ukip leader nigel farage celebrates last week 's local elections with a pint in a pub , but mr cameron dismissed him as a consummate politician .
eurosceptic conservative mps said the results from across europe proved their point .
harwich and essex mp bernard jenkin wrote on twitter : ` some of us who opposed