by .
rob cooper .
last updated at 4:12 pm on 7th february 2012 .
behind bars : ` the she-devil ' margaret gilheaney who has been jailed for ten years following the attacks .
a mother-of-two nicknamed ` the she-devil ' after being involved in savage unprovoked attacks on two men with her feral teenage children has been jailed for 10 years .
margaret gilheaney , 36 , was arrested after the first victim , jordan daley , was battered with a bottle by her son joseph , 19 , in their ` dirty and smelly ' # 30,000 terraced property in accrington , lancashire .
he needed 51 stitches and was scarred for life following the attack which happened as he celebrated his 18th birthday .
the mother-of-two was then also involved as a father-of-three was stabbed 14 times .
matthew howard , 27 , thought he was going to die after being attacked by margaret and her daughter isabel , 18 .
he was dragged out into the alleyway and abandoned .
he suffered a collapsed lung , nerve damage and was left disabled .
while he was in hospital he missed the birth of his youngest child three days later when he was in hospital .
both attacks were meted out for pleasure by the teenage children at separate rowdy parties .
after margaret and her children were jailed one neighbour said : ` people called her the she-devil .
because of all the problems at her house and none of us are surprised .
her brood turned out to be little horrors too .
' her daughter isabel was jailed for six years while her son joseph was given eight years .
sarah booth , prosecuting , told burnley crown court that as mr daley , 18 , tried to leave the party in august 2010 , at the grim family home but gilheaney and his friends followed him outside and attacked him .
the victim was repeatedly hit and kicked while he lay on the ground screaming for help .
miss booth said : ` he believed he was knocked unconscious and a witness described everyone piling on top of the victim and the defendant .
` another onlooker told how mr daley ended up with a hole in his lip , his nose split in half and with deep cuts all over his