by .
emma glanfield .
london 's new # 4.2 billion ` super sewer ' will stop the capital returning to the days of the ` great stink ' but could see household bills rise by # 80 , it has been revealed .
the 15-mile thames tideway tunnel , estimated to cost nearly half of the 2012 olympics , will take 10 years to build and will be the biggest infrastructure project ever undertaken by the uk water industry .
it will stretch all the way from acton in west london , along the general path of the river thames , towards limehouse where it will veer north-east to abbey mills pumping station near stratford .
the 15-mile thames tideway tunnel , estimated to cost nearly half of the 2012 olympics , will take 10 years to build and will be the biggest infrastructure project ever undertaken by the uk water industry .
it is said to be needed to help prevent an average of 55million tonnes of untreated sewage being discharged into the river each year .
the ` super-sewer ' will stretch all the way from acton in west london , along the general path of the river thames , towards limehouse where it will veer north-east to abbey mills pumping station near stratford .
situated 65 metres below the river , and with a capacity of 1.6 million cubic metres , the sewer is said to be needed to prevent an average of 55million tonnes of untreated sewage being discharged into the river each year .
thames water has insisted the multi-billion pound project is crucial to stop london returning to the days of the ` great stink ' when the river acted as an open sewer .
at the time , in the mid-1880s , residents complained of the smell from the river which was full of raw sewage .
the problem was eventually solved by engineer sir joseph bazalgette , who built a 1,300 mile network of victorian sewers to stop untreated sewage being pumped into the thames .
but , while they have worked well for more than 150 years , thames tideway tunnel ltd has now submitted plans for a new system to help combat the rising amount of sewage which overflows from the sewers every year .
exploratory works for the # 4.2 billion project have already been carried out in