by .
james chapman and jason groves .
published : .
17:11 est , 14 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:28 est , 14 may 2013 .
david cameron was last night forced to deny he was panicking over europe as he unveiled the question that will be posed in a referendum on britain 's future membership of the eu .
the conservatives published draft legislation pledging a straightforward vote on the question : ` do you think that the united kingdom should remain a member of the european union ?
' it said the referendum would take place by december 31 , 2017 -- by which point mr cameron says he will have attempted to negotiate a looser , trade-based relationship with brussels if he remains in downing street .
david cameron , left , has been forced to deny he is panicking over europe following days of bickering in the tory party over europe in the wake of the election success of ukip , led by nigel farage , right .
the prime minister , on a visit to the us , said only the conservatives wanted to give people a say and blamed the liberal democrats for blocking an immediate government bill .
instead , the draft legislation will be introduced as a private member 's bill by a tory backbencher .
mr cameron 's attempt to draw a line under days of tory bickering over europe won the support of arch eurosceptics , including mps douglas carswell and zac goldsmith and euro mp daniel hannan .
but others rejected mr cameron 's olive branch , saying a private member 's bill supported by the party leadership was ` second best ' to a government bill with time set aside in the commons .
former cabinet minister john redwood , meanwhile , demanded an immediate ` mandate referendum ' , giving the prime minister more authority to go to brussels and demand the repatriation of key powers , before the in/out one .
the pm wants to negotiate a looser , trade-based relationship with brussels before a promised referendum .
cameron has won over eurosceptics such as zac goldsmith , left , but john redwood , right , demanded an immediate ` mandate referendum ' tory mps are still expected to press .
ahead with a vote tonight expressing regret that last week 's