by .
daily mail reporter .
this couple ended up getting a little too close for comfort on their first date .
the man and woman had a lucky escape after their car was crushed by a large lorry container in quanzhou , southeast china 's fujian province .
miraculously , both were pulled from the wreckage alive .
scroll down for video .
crushed : the lorry container fell on top of the car which was being driven by a businessman who had taken a girl out on a first date .
miracle : the man is freed from the crushed car after the lorry container landed on the vehicle .
according to a witness , two lorries were driving one behind each other .
` the two lorries had to suddenly brake , ' the witness said .
` this caused the following lorry 's container to lean and fall off , smashing into an audi that was next to it .
' when emergency services arrived they had to wait for a crane to lift the container off the crushed vehicle .
rescue : the two people inside amazingly survived being crushed by a lorry container .
close call : firefighters work to free the people from the crushed car when they realised they were still alive .
the driver had been enjoying a drive with a girl on a first date before the container fell on top of them .
amazingly , when they did lift it off they realised the two people inside the car had survived .
the female passenger was able to climb out herself , while the man in the driver 's seat was pulled out .
they were both taken to hospital but found to only be suffering from minor injuries .
it later emerged that the couple had been on a first date .
the woman pictured in the car was able to climb out of the vehicle despite the car being completely destroyed .
the female passenger was able to climb out herself while the man in the driver 's seat was pulled out .
a couple are lucky to be alive after the lorry container smashed into the car crushing the front of the vehicle .
firefighters lift the container off the car and discover the two people inside are still alive .
the container is lifted off