by .
anthony bond .
published : .
11:51 est , 14 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
08:07 est , 15 june 2012 .
retired sheep farmer nicholas cordery , 62 , who is accused of being involved in sex parties involving children and animals .
he owned the bungalow where the sex parties are alleged to have taken place .
a country farmhouse which hosted depraved sex parties involving children and animals was at the heart of a vile paedophile ring , a court heard today .
the isolated building was used as a base where members of the child sex ring would indulge in group sex , bestiality and the abuse of girls as young as eight .
it is alleged those involved included a household cavalry soldier and his wife , a woman childminder , businessmen and a railway consultant .
when police searched the squalid wooden chalet they found drawers filled with sex toys , pornography , a battered-looking teddy bear and a pair of child 's hello kitty knickers left next to a butter dish .
the bungalow belonged to retired sheep farmer nicholas cordery , 62 , who along with soldier simon davies , was at the centre of a huge police investigation into paedophilia and child pornography .
both men , along with two others , peter malpas and anthony flack , admitted a string of sex charges when they appeared in the dock at reading crown court .
davies ' teaching assistant wife , 44-year-old fiona parsons-davies , also admitted a charge relating to child cruelty .
sickening details of the case emerged today as the trial of childminder joanna gale and rail industry consultant john connolly started .
they are also alleged to have been part of the gang , who met on the internet to discuss their sick fantasies and describe how they had acted them out .
the jury was told today that the duo conspired to rape a girl , aged under 13 .
gale has also been charged with two counts of sexual activity with the girl as well as helping connolly to facilitate the rape and sexual assault of the child .
this isolated building was used as a base where members of the child sex ring would indulge in group sex , bestiality and the abuse of girls as young as eight