he started his career as an acerbic blogger , known for his heated feuds and his controversial penchant for ` outing ' gay celebrities .
then in 2010 , everything changed for perez hilton when he fronted an anti-bullying campaign and decided to change his ways - promising to be a nicer and better person .
but as the florida born star fails to raise support in the celebrity big brother house , femail questions whether perez has now gone full circle .
scroll down for video .
perez hilton entered the big brother house 11 days ago but already he has been labelled the ` most hated man in britain ' .
so , just four years after publicly pledging to become a more positive person , has the blogger dropped his nice guy image ?
perez was given a warning by big brother after telling fellow housemate ken morley that he should be afraid of what will happen when he leaves the house .
because in the eleven days since entering the house , perez has already earned himself the title of ` most hated man in britain .
' and when chloe goodman left the house on friday it was to audible cheers of , ` get perez out .
' since the start of the show , the blogger has made a number of enemies both among his cbb co-stars and in the outside world .
his recent goading of alexander o'neal left his housemates fuming and his bizarre nearly-naked humping of the garden furniture caused fans to brand him ` offensive .
' he was also given a verbal warning by big brother after threatening fellow contestant ken morley - who had been making remarks about the women in the house - by telling him : ' i feel sorry ken .
if i were you , when i leave this house , i would be afraid .
' but should we really be so surprised by perez 's behaviour ?
after all , this was a man who built his career on being offensive .
when he started his website in 2004 - after failing to become an actor following his time at new york university - his modus operandi was to slate celebrities .
he would regularly post unflattering paparazzi photographs with derogatory remarks and rude images drawn over the top .
perez