by .
lucy thackray .
for years , new york has had a reputation for questionable coffee standards .
but a new movement is creating a cafe revolution in the big apple - and it 's all thanks to aussie expats who are bringing a little bit of home to the concrete jungle .
the new york times say australian cafes have stamped their identity on the new york food scene .
` what started as an expedition a few years ago has become an invasion : like the french bistro , the british pub and the californian juice bar .
' bluestone lane cafe mastermind nick stone -lrb- left -rrb- and social media manager alexandra -lrb- and fiance -rrb- alexandra knight -lrb- right -rrb- in one of their ` quintessentially australian ' cafes in new york .
they may be run-of-the-mill menu items for aussies , but a flat white and avocado smash are a revelation for new york residents !
the bluestone cafe is decorated with australian memorabilia , to bring a little bit of home to new york .
one of these pioneers is 32-year-old melbournian nicholas stone , who in august 2013 opened the first of his ` quintessentially australian ' cafés in new york .
one year on , and mr stone will soon have five cafes located all over new york , with americans embracing the australian coffee experience .
` coffee in australia is about finding your local and becoming so loyal to the café that you feel like you 're cheating if you go anywhere else !
` that did n't really happen in new york but i think these australian cafes are creating that ` loyalty ' , because customers get to enjoy a unique , personal experience .
' mr stone says his line of ` bluestone lane ' cafes have quickly gathered notoriety .
` our café in west village opened in june this year and it 's created a lot of buzz .
taylor swift has come to visit three times , susan sarandon 's come ... in a year , it has already been so successful , the new york market love it .
' nick stone says the aesthetic of the cafes is essential , to create an escape from the new york ` concrete jungle ' mr stone came to new york four years ago