the makers of love hearts sweets have decided to give the traditional treats a modern makeover with new phrases like ` take a selfie ' and ` tweet me ' joining favourites such as ` hug me ' and ` you 're mine ' .
british sweet makers swizzels ran a competition asking for new designs to celebrate the 60th anniversary of love hearts , with the winning contemporary messages to be stamped on their famous sweets for the first time ever .
swizzels asked fans of the brand to submit suggestions for messages , finally selecting 14 messages from thousands of suggestions .
scroll down for video .
british sweet makers swizzels ran a competition asking for new designs to celebrate the 60th anniversary of love hearts , with the inclusion of new contemporary messages on their famous sweets for the first time ever .
the new messages include phrases such as , ` skype me ' , ` take a selfie ' , ` tweet me ' , ` swipe right ' , ` totes hilar ' and ` yolo ' .
other winning messages are more regional : ` alreet pet ' and the welsh phrase ` cwtch me ' .
the 14 winners , who each submitted a different message , were invited on a vip trip to swizzels hq this week to see the love hearts come off the production line with the new messages printed on them .
they will now go on sale around the uk .
swizzels managing director jeremy dee with winner emma short , who came up with ` miracles happen ' the new designs include for the first time regional phrases ` cwtch me ' and ` alreet pet ' swizzels has been making love hearts for 60 years and produce 1.75 billion sweets every year .
the brand is famous for featuring a selection of over 150 traditional romantic messages - the 14 new additions will be making love hearts history .
tweet me .
think pink .
miracles happen .
skype me .
marry me ?
swipe right .
yolo .
60yrs of love .
#selfie .
totes hilar .
cwtch me .
alreet pet .
hot wheels .
take a selfie .
in addition to the modern messages , some messages were personal to fans of the brand , including ` miracles happen ' and `