by .
ashley collman .
published : .
01:06 est , 13 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
01:10 est , 13 october 2013 .
two couples perished thursday flying from their homes in south florida to virginia to attend a wedding .
the victims have been identified as theodore bradshaw , 61 , and mary anne bradshaw , 48 of cooper city , florida and charles rodd , 64 , and diane rodd , 58 , of boynton beach , florida .
mr bradshaw was piloting the twin-propeller cessna 340 when it took off thursday morning from the fort lauderdale executive airport .
lost : charles and diane rodd were two of the passengers on a private flight that crashed in virginia 's great dismal swamp on thursday .
what went wrong ?
the cessna 340 plane was being piloted by 61-year-old theodore bradshaw who virginia state police say had 30 years of flying experience .
the crash is still under investigation .
the group was due to arrive at the hampton roads executive airport around noon , but the airport lost communication with the airplane about twenty miles away - on the virginia side of the great dismal swamp .
on friday , the plane crash site was discovered by crews using a privately-owned helicopter .
since the crash site is in such a remote and swampy area , crews had to work on saturday clearing a path to the scene for vehicles .
teams hope to recover the bodies of the pilot and three passengers on sunday .
crash : two couples died thursday after their private plane crashed over the great dismal swamp in virginia .
above , investigators set up a base near the scene .
hard to reach : since the plane crashed in a remote area of the great dismal swamp , a path had to be cleared with a bulldozer .
crews hope to recover all four bodies on sunday .
authorities are still investigating what caused the crash .
according to the virignia state police , mr bradshaw had 30 years of piloting experience .
he was a retired firefighter with sunrise fire-rescue .
the group was flying to virignia to attend the wedding of his nephew .
apparently the two women on board were sisters .
according to passenger charles rodd 's ex-wife marie rodd - he was