around one pedestrian in seven injured on the roads is drunk at the time , according to research .
it also reveals the run-up to christmas is a peak period for accidents involving ` drunk walkers ' .
some 14 per cent of those involved in a road accident while on foot over the past three years were ` walking under the influence ' of alcohol after a night on the tiles , it says .
new research suggests around one pedestrian in seven injured during accidents on the roads is drunk .
figures from the department of transport reveal more than 6,000 intoxicated pedestrians have been injured since 2011 .
they are also posing a problem for thousands of innocent motorists as their unpredictable and often dangerous behaviour -- from drunkenly crossing roads without looking or simply staggering onto a road and into the path of an oncoming car - increases the risk of a crash .
nearly a third of drivers say they have had to swerve or brake in order to avoid hitting a drunk pedestrian , with one in eight admitting to hitting one .
the aa said some drunk pedestrians have been killed lying unseen in the gutter when street lights have been switched off to cut osts .
the report based on freedom of information data from 21 police forces and statistics from the transport department reveals that men account for more than three quarters , or 79 per cent , of all drunk pedestrian road incidents , with those under the age of 25 involved in more incidents than any other age group .
figures from the department of transport reveal more than 6,000 intoxicated pedestrians have been injured since 2011 .
drunk pedestrians are more at risk of injury on uk roads at night between the times of 10pm and midnight - close to pub and bar closing times and ` perhaps as a result of a long night of drinking , ' says the dossier .
a report by insurers confused.com says : ` over 6,000 ` drunk ' pedestrians have been injured on uk roads since 2011 - and many of these ` drunk walking ' accidents are happening over the christmas period .
' it says nearly a third of all drunken pedestrian incidents involved people between the ages of 18 to 24 and says this suggests ` that