a former cop who posted a picture on twitter of himself pointing a gun has denied the photo was a threat against anti-police violence protesters and claimed that the activists were ` blatant racists ' for demonstrating in places they deemed ` white spaces ' .
john cardillo , who served as an officer with the nypd in the 1990s , is now a self-styled , right-wing media commentator and runs a data analytics company .
on sunday , demonstrators showed up at popular brunch spots in new york and california to protest the police killings of michael brown and eric garner .
carrying banners , the chanting activists entered a number of venues that they had identified as ` white spaces ' .
in response , mr cardillo took a selfie in his american flag baseball cap , with the camera looking down the barrel of a gun .
he added the words : ` i 'm really enjoying these eggs benedict so move along now .
#blackbrunchnyc ' scroll down for video .
inflammatory : former cop john cardillo posted this picture on twitter in response to anti-police violence protesters storming restaurants in new york and california on sunday , organized by #blackbrunchnyc .
the chanting #blackbrunchnyc activists entered a number of venues that they identified as ` white spaces ' on sunday to protest police violence , including the deaths of michael brown and eric garner .
mr cardillo , 45 , who now lives in florida , told daily mail online on tuesday that it was ` ludicrous ' to suggest he was threatening protesters with a picture of himself raising and pointing the gun .
he said : ` my photo is protected by the first amendment .
i was sitting in my own home , with no one else there , pointing an unloaded firearm .
' i published the photo as an experiment to expose the left-wing protest community - those people who support violence , encourage and cheer the murder of police officers , along with rioting and looting .
' ` those same people who were offended by my photograph , were n't offended by people being hurt in the real world .
' mr cardillo said that he was a fan of legitimate protests - even if he did n't agree with the message .
however he slammed the activists