by .
amanda willliams .
peter thompson , 48 , struck the behind of stewardess agnieszla kowalczyk during a ryanair flight from alicante but said it was an accident .
a bridegroom has been spared prison after he drunkenly struck the bottom of an air hostess while he was flying home from his stag night .
peter thompson , 48 , allegedly struck the behind of stewardess agnieszla kowalczyk during a ryanair flight from alicante , in spain .
she told bournemouth magistrates ' court that thompson told her she .
was very pretty , that he loved her and that he had looked at her as if .
she was a ` piece of meat .
' but he claimed he had accidentally hit miss kowalczyk while swinging his arms around in a drunken manner .
when the plane arrived at bournemouth airport , dorset , thompson - a languages teacher - was arrested .
he pleaded guilty to common assault on the basis that it was an accident , and he also admitted being drunk on an aircraft .
thompson , a teacher at a private language school from poole , was let off with a community service order .
the court heard thompson , who is due to get married in august , was flying home from his stag do in alicante , spain , when the incident happened on may 4 .
at a previous court hearing , lee turner , prosecuting read a statement from the air stewardess .
mr turner said : ` as she walked past he smacked her bottom with his open right hand .
he was n't aggressive , she thinks he was trying to be funny but was actually very disrespectful .
' but james moore , defending , said that the offence had been an accident on thompson 's part .
he said his client had consumed an anti-histamine tablet and alcohol before the flight .
he was also sold a discounted alcoholic drink by the air stewardess on the plane .
mr moore said thompson was in high spirits and was looking forward to seeing his fiancee when the incident happened .
he said : ` he should have known that had he swung his arms around he was likely to make contact , and contact he made .
` he has an exuberant and bubbly personality and