this genuine sale is perfect for anyone wanting to recreate scrooge mcduck 's cartoon money swimming pool .
an activist group is selling genuine vault from a swiss bank complete with eight million coins worth # 270,000 .
the safe is currently located in basel , switzerland , but the sellers say it can be removed and replaced anywhere in the world .
loadsamoney : this bank vault carpeted with # 270,000-worth of swiss five centime coins is up for sale .
mobile : the safe is in basel , switzerland , but the sellers say it can be transported anywhere in the world .
activism : the vault is being sold by a group campaigning for a basic monthly .
income for each swiss citizen .
it was built in 1912 and features 1619 deposit boxes with all keys available .
the boxes and lockers were handmade from steel and brass .
the vault is being sold by the generation basic income initiative , who campaign for a basic income for each swiss citizen on a monthly basis .
in october they placed eight million five-centime pieces into the bank vault , one for each citizen in switzerland before dumping the 15 tons of money in front of the parliament building in bern .
now the vault and its contents are up for sale with the price negotiable on application .
message : two activists from the generation basic income initiative , the group selling the bank vault .
stunt : in october they placed eight million five-centime pieces into the bank vault , one for each citizen in switzerland before dumping the 15 tons of money in front of the parliament building in bern .
swimming in cash : now the vault and its contents are up for sale with the price negotiable on application .
fully kitted out : the vault was built in 1912 for the schweizer volksbank and features 1619 deposit boxes with all keys available .
the boxes and lockers were handmade from steel and brass .
empty : the vault before it was filled with cash for the campaigners stunt last month .
spokesman che wagner says : ` it is the original bank safe from the former schweizer volksbank and known to be one of the finest swiss piece of craftwork in the early 20th century .
` it is in very