thousands of cases of diabetes and cancer could be avoided , saving the nhs # 300million , by putting a health tax of 12p a can on sugary drinks , it is claimed .
academics have calculated the likely reduction in consumption caused by putting up the price of full sugar drinks like coca-cola and pepsi and the resulting health benefits .
the work by experts at the university of liverpool and the children 's food campaign will fuel the growing campaign to extend the principle of a duty on unhealthy products from cigarettes and alcohol to some types of drink and food .
scroll down for video .
academics have calculated the likely reduction in consumption caused by putting up the price of full sugar drinks like coca-cola and pepsi and the resulting health benefits .
health campaigners and doctors have controversially likened sugar and its contribution to obesity and ill-health as the ` new tobacco ' .
however , the drinks industry have challenged the figures , insisting a sugary drinks tax will only hit the poorest in society with higher living costs while doing nothing to improve their health .
the liverpool team calculates that a tax of 20p per litre -- 12p per can -- would reduce the number of cases of diabetes by just under 50,000 over 20 years .
they estimate there would be a fall of 33,000 in cases of stroke and heart disease and some 9,000 fewer victims of bowel cancer .
malcolm clark , co-ordinator of the children 's food campaign , said a 20p per litre sugary drinks duty would save lives and money across england .
these figures relate to england alone and the researchers estimate it would lead to savings of # 300m in the cost of treating these people over the 20 years , releasing money for other patients .
soft drinks are the largest single source of sugar for children aged 4-10 years and teenagers , consequently any new levy would particularly hit consumption among this group .
money raised from the charge would support a new children 's health fund , which would pay for sport and fitness schemes and equipment for youngsters .
the campaign for a sugary drinks duty is supported by over 60 organisations , including public health and medical professional bodies , dentists , children 's charities , action on sugar