by .
snejana farberov .
published : .
17:05 est , 4 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
17:22 est , 4 september 2012 .
tragic : xavier somerville , right , a freshman at purdue university , has died after falling from a fifth-floor balcony during a rowdy party .
the life of an 18-year-old indianapolis college freshman came to a tragic end on monday when he plummeted to his death from a fifth-floor balcony trying to evade police during a rowdy party , according to police .
the marion county coroner 's office confirmed the death of xavier somerville , who graduated from lawrence central high school just a few months ago and was enrolled at purdue university .
police officers investigating a noise complaint in an apartment building near the indiana university-purdue university indianapolis campus discovered a party where minors were drinking alcohol .
witnesses told police that somerville .
was scared and tried to escape so as not to get in trouble with the .
law , but ended up falling off the balcony , according to fox59 .
officers .
were dispatched at 3am to the avenue apartments near west 10th street .
and university boulevard .
upon arrival , they heard loud music and noise .
coming from a fifth-story unit .
according .
to a police report , a frantic guest at the party met police at the door , saying .
that somerville had just fallen from the balcony .
the responding officer went to the first floor and found somerville sprawled on the sidewalk unconscious and bleeding .
popular : somerville , fourth from left , graduated from lawrence central high school , where he played soccer and was homecoming king .
witnesses told police the 18-year-old .
got alarmed when he heard officers at the door and tried to swing from .
the fifth floor down to the floor below , but lost his grip on the .
bannister and fell .
the freshman was rushed to wishard hospital , where he died from his injuries a short time later .
six people at the party were cited for alcohol-related violations , including 22-year-old benjamin trester , who was ticketed for contributing to the delinquency of a minor .
five other people under the age of 21 were cited for possession of alcohol by a minor .
however