zoe taylor had her first epileptic seizure in may 2013 .
it was the most frightening and painful experience of her life .
` i 've had two children without pain relief and that was a breeze by comparison , ' says zoe , 33 .
the ketogenic diet involves cutting carbohydrate intake to a minimum -- no more than an ounce a day .
patients eat generous amounts of fats , such as olive oil , butter and coconut oils .
` it was a pain you ca n't imagine .
it started in my tongue and i felt impelled to open my jaws as wide as possible .
' i expelled all the air from my lungs and then i could n't breathe in .
' as well as feeling as if she was suffocating , her body was jerking uncontrollably , then she fell unconscious .
after that , she had similar seizures every six weeks or so and smaller ones up to ten times a day .
` my jaw would go fuzzy and numb .
afterwards , i 'd feel tired and get emotional about the smallest thing .
' in july , the cause was revealed -- a slow-growing brain tumour .
` i was told it might stay in the same state for years , but they would n't operate because its location meant i might suffer brain damage , ' says zoe , who lives with her husband lee , 35 , a hairdresser , and their children , milo , four , and isabella , seven , in totnes , devon .
unfortunately , leaving the tumour in place meant it could become aggressive .
` i was told radiotherapy might prolong my life by several years , but only half of patients who develop the aggressive type of tumour are alive a year later .
' conventional treatment for brain cancer involves surgery , if possible , and chemotherapy and/or radiotherapy , as well as epilepsy drugs for the seizures -- these occur because the tumour presses on surrounding brain cells .
zoe is taking epilepsy drugs , but she believes their effect has been boosted dramatically by following a diet approved to treat children with epilepsy .
known as the ketogenic diet , it is being used experimentally to help a few adult brain cancer patients control their seizures