this is the terrifying moment a team of hazmat-wearing officials boarded a boston plane following reports that five passengers were exhibiting flu-like symptoms .
donning overalls and masks , the officials were filmed walking down united arab emirates flight 237 from dubai to logan international airport this afternoon , before removing the sick fliers .
none of the five passengers had recently traveled to west africa , where an outbreak of the ebola virus has already killed more than 4,000 people , the massachusetts port authority -lrb- massport -rrb- said .
scroll down for video .
response : donning white overalls and masks , officials are pictured boarding a plane -lrb- left and right -rrb- at logan international airport in boston following reports that five passengers were exhibiting flu-like symptoms .
hazmat crews : none of the five passengers had recently traveled to west africa , where an outbreak of the ebola virus has already killed more than 4,000 people , the massachusetts port authority -lrb- massport -rrb- said .
hospital : two of the passengers suffering from fevers were taken by ambulance to boston medical center .
the other three -lrb- including this patient , dressed in white -rrb- were transported to massachusetts general hospital .
however , erring on the side of caution , airport officials said they made the decision to isolate them and evaluate their conditions , the boston globe reported .
following their departure from the plane , which was carrying 187 passengers and 19 crew members , two of the passengers suffering from fevers were taken by ambulance to boston medical center .
the remaining three , who did not have fevers but were experiencing other flu-like symptoms , were transported to massachusetts general hospital , according to massport spokesman , matthew brelis .
two of the passengers have reportedly since undergone preliminary medical tests , which have proved negative for ebola .
however , the state of the other three remains unknown .
caught on video : the officials were filmed walking down emirates flight 237 from dubai to logan international airport this afternoon , before removing the sick fliers .
the passengers were then isolated and evaluated .
in protective gear : two of the passengers have reportedly since undergone preliminary medical tests , which have proved negative for ebola .
but the state of the other three remains unknown .
emergency