they usually use their keen sense of smell to find a bone or a tasty treat .
but this talented dog can sniff out cancer -- and even detected her owner 's undiagnosed tumour .
daisy , a ten-year-old labrador , has now been awarded a medal for her life-saving work .
scroll down for video .
daisy the labrador , left , has detected cancer in 551 patients since she underwent training as a puppy , right .
daisy , centre , was brought to meet prince charles and camilla to highlight her success in detecting cancer .
her owner dr claire guest began training her to sniff out the killer disease in urine and breath samples when she was a puppy .
dogs have an incredible sense of smell thanks to 300million scent receptors in their noses , compared to a measly five million in the human nose .
medical dogs are trained by sniffing samples of people already diagnosed with cancer and those of people without the disease so they can learn to tell the difference .
daisy has found cancer in 551 patients , an accuracy rate of an impressive 93 per cent .
and she discovered dr guest 's undiagnosed breast cancer -- the first time she has detected the disease actually growing in someone 's body , rather than by sniffing a sample .
dr guest , 50 , chief executive of charity medical detection dogs , said : ` daisy seemed to be pawing at my chest .
` she bumped against my body repeatedly -- i pushed her away , but she nuzzled against me again , clearly upset .
she pushed me so hard that it bruised me .
` her behaviour was totally out of character -- she was normally such a happy dog ... i felt the tender area where she 'd pushed me , and over the next few days i detected the tiniest lump .
` the bump was a perfectly harmless cyst .
but further in the breast tissue was a deep-seated cancer .
' find out more about medical detection dogs here .
daisy , right , was able to detect the undiagnosed cancer in her owner dr claire guest , left .
as it was caught so early , the lump was removed before the cancer had time to spread .
` if it