eric joyce has racked up a # 13,000 expenses bill on train tickets and hotel costs for staff -- some of which was run up on a special parliamentary credit card .
parliament 's expenses watchdog has been forced to dock an mp 's wages until the election in a bid to recoup # 13,000 in debts he owes the taxpayer , mailonline can reveal .
eric joyce , who was convicted of assault in 2012 after head-butting a fellow mp in a bar , racked up the bill on train tickets and other expenses -- some of which was put on a special parliamentary credit card .
commons expenses chiefs made the unprecedented decision to recoup the cash by deducting around # 1,000 a month from mr joyce 's wages after he objected to handing back the cash .
the independent parliamentary standards authority -lsb- ipsa -rsb- , which overseas mps ' expenses , began deducting cash from his salary in february , but he only has another two months ' pay before the election .
mr joyce , who was kicked out of the labour party following the 2012 commons brawl , is not standing for election in may and will therefore still owe thousands of pounds after leaving parliament .
ipsa has revealed that mr joyce now owes just over # 10,000 - down from # 12,919.61 at the end of january .
if he refuses to repay the money after leaving parliament he will be pursued through the civil courts , an ipsa source told mailonline .
the expenses body has never deducted cash directly from an mp 's salary before -- and mr joyce is understood to be furious about the move .
a source said : ` we are doing it and he knows we are doing it .
we have these powers to be able to do it .
i would n't say he was happy about it .
' ipsa informed the mp last month that they would not pay a host of travel and other expenses .
a spokesman for the expenses watchdog said : ` it is unusual for us to be in this situation , but we are clear that the mp has a duty to repay the sums due and it is our job to make sure that the taxpayer does n't lose out .
` we are