by .
becky evans and michael zennie .
published : .
04:18 est , 12 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:51 est , 12 march 2013 .
a six-month-old baby girl died this morning after she was shot five times in chicago during an attack on her father - just months after her mother was shot and wounded while she was still in the womb .
the murder of little jonylah watkins - who was the victim of gun violence twice before she was even a year old - has horrified even a city where shootings have become commonplace .
the news sent shock waves throughout the country .
jonylah was hit in her lungs , her liver , her leg , her shoulder and her bowel when a gunman opened fire in broad .
daylight on monday in the woodlawn neighborhood of chicago as her father jonathan watkins changed her diaper .
mr watkins , 29 , an alleged gang member , was the target of the attack .
he was shot twice , but survived and is in critical condition at the hospital .
murdered : jonylah watkins was shot five times as her father jonathan changed her diaper .
she survived a separate shooting of her mother judy when she was still in the womb .
tragedy : jonylah 's murder has shocked chicago - a city where gun violence in some neighborhoods has become routine .
violence : mr watkins was changing his daughter 's diaper in the passenger seat of his van when a gunman walked up behind him in broad daylight and opened fire .
` this morning , the baby passed away , ' the reverend corey brooks , a family spokesman , told the chicago tribune .
` we have another tragedy in the city of chicago .
' jonylah underwent several hours of surgery at comer children 's hospital at the university of chicago as doctors frantically tried to save her life .
police superintendent garry mccarthy said the shooting appears to be gang-related , though detectives do n't have a specific motive .
despite the shocking crime , neighbors are refusing to cooperate with police .
` we do n't have one individual who 's stepping up to help us , ' mccarthy said .
horrified : jonylah 's mother judy watkins , 20 , was at