by .
wills robinson .
published : .
15:08 est , 20 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:16 est , 20 november 2013 .
disgusted : lord james of blackheath said his wife was horrified when she saw schoolchildren exposing their backsides on the way to twickenham stadium .
ministers have been urged to tackle ` mooning ' after a tory peer witnessed schoolchildren in the indulging in the practice on a bus while he was driving to a rugby match .
lord james of blackheath said his wife was horrified that police were doing nothing to deal with groups of school children showing their naked backsides and said the perpetrators should be jailed if they are caught .
the pair witnessed 40 children exposing their bottoms as they travelled to watch england play at twickenham .
the 75-year-old businessman said he had been involved in ` endless attempts ' to convince his wife that rugby was ' a respectable pastime and not the equivalent of being found in bed with a supermodel on a saturday afternoon ' .
he had persuaded his partner to accompany .
him to all of england 's three autumn internationals against australia , argentina and new zealand .
he said : ` she was totally horrified by the sight of the school buses coming down the road to twickenham filled full of children who were indulging in a pastime i believe is called mooning .
' i am not going to explain it to your lordships as we are in mixed company .
` the sight of some 40 school children mooning simultaneously is not a pretty sight .
she was horrified .
` my .
wife is a youth justice officer and she watched as the police .
motorbikes went zooming past these kids giving them a friendly wave as .
they went and she said : `` we have a law against this sort of thing .
why .
are n't they being brought into court - i would put them away for a year .
if i got them '' .
' he made his .
comments during committee stage of the anti-social behaviour , crime and .
policing bill as peers discussed a move by tory lord marlesford to .
bring in a civil penalty for littering from vehicles .
attempts : lord james had taken his