graeme souness will not be changing his opinion of jose mourinho 's chelsea , despite criticism from the portuguese coach .
in the aftermath of chelsea 's champions league exit to paris st germain , former liverpool manager and current sky sports pundit souness was highly critical of them , referring to some of chelsea 's actions as ` pathetic ' .
he continued his complaints , with mourinho responding in a press conference on friday , calling the scot a ` frustrated man ' .
graeme souness labelled chelsea 's gamesmanship during psg defeat as ` pathetic ' the sky sports pundit , pictured with thierry henry -lrb- right -rrb- , has refused to back down over criticism .
using his hands to gesture , mourinho raised his left hand above his head to illustrate souness ' high level as a player and whacked his left on a low desk to signify his own career .
when it came to management , the portuguese 's right hand was raised high and his left , for souness ' management career , wavered just above the desk .
mourinho said : ` the difference between me and souness is this - souness as a player , up there .
jose mourinho as a player , down here .
jose mourinho as a manager , up here .
souness as a manager , down there .
` with another difference : i was not a frustrated man because i was not a top player .
he is clearly a frustrated man .
' blues manager jose mourinho responded by saying souness is ' a frustrated man ' nine chelsea players surrounded the referee to demand that zlatan ibrahimovic -lrb- not pictured -rrb- was sent off .
diego costa trains at cobham ahead of chelsea 's premier league clash with southampton on sunday .
but writing in the sunday times , souness was sticking to his guns .
` he had his say about me at his press conference on friday and he is entitled to his opinion , but it wo n't change mine , ' he said .
` when he reflects on what went wrong against psg and addresses it , i hope - yet doubt - that will include the obsession with gamesmanship .
` it seemed more important to chelsea than getting on the ball and taking on