a new website has been launched to allow university students to meet for casual sex and its designer claims it is being dominated by female oxford students .
tom thurlow 's ` shagatuni.com ' encourages members to send each other saucy messages and meet up for no-strings-attached liaisons .
it allows users to post a facebook-style profile which explicitly advertises what they are looking for in a sexual partner .
website : ` shag at uni ' has been set up by internet entrepreneur tom thurlow who says hundreds of women from oxford university have joined .
mr thurlow , who became well known after setting up a successful second-hand book business at 13 , now claims the biggest uptake so far appears to have been from young women studying at oxford university .
he says statistics show a whopping 722 woman from oxford signed up since the site launched in october .
but oxford 's biter rivals cambridge university prove to be the most prudish - with the lowest amount of members in the whole country .
` the site is aimed at 18-30s university students , college students and people who may be friends of students .
we have seen a real boost from the oxford students , ' he said .
' i am not surprised .
when i tour the country filming mtv freshers the oxford students are always the most wild .
` they are always uptight in the day but by night they were always the craziest .
it does n't surprise me they have the highest proportion of women looking for sex .
' the seedy site advertises itself as a space for students to have sex without ` the strings attached with dating ' .
design : users like these ones post a profile , similar to facebook , which explicitly advertises what they are looking for in a no-strings-attached partner .
it boasts 26,933 members with 18,400 men and 8,533 women signing up for membership since it went live two months ago .
sex-crazed students aged 18-30 can create revealing profiles supplying potential suitors with descriptions of themselves and their sexual preferences .
some of the academic members even include naked self portraits and explicit details of where and how they like to have sex .
one of oxford 's academic elite described as ` voluptuous sandra ' , 19 ,