luke shaw has completed a # 31.5 million switch to manchester united and has signed a four-year deal at old trafford .
the england defender successfully completed a routine medical at united 's carrington training complex and has been informed he will be manager louis van gaal 's first-choice left-back .
it is understood that he has been .
assured that he will start and .
33-year-old patrice evra , who will remain with united , is expected to .
have a reduced role at the club .
beaming : luke shaw completed his # 31.5 m move to manchester united from southampton .
history : shaw said he was ` thrilled and delighted ' to be joining the 13-time premier league champions .
red devil : shaw became the most expensive teenager in football history when he signed for united .
signing in : shaw expressed his thanks for the messages of support on his twitter account .
nice to meet roo : the teen star was also welcomed by one of his new team-mates .
video luke shaw signs for manchester united .
the former southampton starlet has signed a four-year contract with an option to extend for a further year and revealed his delight at joining the 13-time premier league champions .
the saints will receive # 27million up front rising to the full figure .
he said : ' i am thrilled and excited to be joining manchester united .
i have been at southampton since i was eight years old and i would like to thank them and the fans for everything they have done for me .
' i want to continue to progress my career and joining united is the ideal place for me to do that .
' i am looking forward to this new chapter in my life and also looking forward to learning from the world-class players and management at the club .
' with van gaal taking charge of holland 's world cup campaign , his no 2 club legend ryan giggs earmarked the new signing for success at united .
` luke is a very talented young left-back with great potential .
he has developed immensely during his time at southampton and has all the attributes to become a top player , ' said giggs .
return : luke shaw is back from representing england in his debut