by .
graham smith .
published : .
04:55 est , 25 april 2012 .
| .
updated : .
06:51 est , 25 april 2012 .
alex salmond has been accused of treating the scottish parliament with contempt by not going before msps today to explain his dealings with the murdoch media empire .
furious opposition politicians said the first minister needs to answer questions over whether he had been prepared to intervene and lobby uk culture secretary jeremy hunt on the proposed takeover of bskyb .
it comes after an email from a senior figure at news corporation claimed mr salmond would call mr hunt ` whenever we need him to ' .
under fire : alex salmond , pictured with rupert murdoch in 2007 , has been accused of treating the scottish parliament with contempt by not going before msps today to explain his dealings with the murdoch empire .
during the leveson inquiry into press .
standards it emerged that news corp 's director of public affairs , .
frederic michel , had emailed james murdoch and said : ' i met with alex .
salmond 's adviser today .
he will call hunt whenever we need him to .
' a .
spokesman for the first minister insisted last night that mr salmond .
` has never spoken to or corresponded with jeremy hunt on this issue ' .
he .
said it was ` total nonsense to suggest there was ever any quid pro quo .
offered by the scottish government over the bskyb bid ' .
but opposition politicians said there were still questions the first minister needed to answer .
labour .
leader johann lamont told bbc radio scotland 's good morning scotland : .
` he has not answered the question , did he make the offer to phone jeremy .
hunt on behalf of news international .
` he has not answered that question .
i think that is a fundamental question he should answer .
' she .
added : ` there is grave concern that it would appear that alex salmond .
has used his office of first minister to put his backing to a commercial .
interest of rupert murdoch .
` the .
idea of the first minister of scotland intervening with a tory cabinet .
secretary on what was a very sensitive issue seems to