by .
deborah arthurs .
published : .
09:28 est , 23 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:41 est , 23 july 2013 .
meeting the first grandchild is an important and moving occasion for any grandparent .
but for carole and michael middleton , it was more momentous than most .
for as this middle-class couple from buckinghamshire gazed down at their own flesh and blood , they were looking into the scrunched up face of the future king of england .
carole and michael arrived at st mary 's hospital in paddington just after 3pm today .
and of course carole , an attractive .
woman with a keen fashion sense , was sure to look perfectly polished for this high profile moment .
perhaps giving a nod to the gender of the baby , carole chose a belted silk tea dress in a muted blue shade by irish designer orla kiely .
scroll down for video .
first visitors : carole middleton and michael middleton at st mary 's hospital at around 3pm today .
the dress was the dancing girl tea dress from the orla kiely 2012 spring/summer collection .
it is no longer on sale at the store , but is likely to have cost around # 160 .
carole paired the dress with , what else , nude pumps .
though while kate favours the lk bennett sledge , carole wore the russell & bromley chic pump mid-heel court , # 175 .
the middletons became the very first members of the family to meet the duke and duchess 's new .
son , almost 23 hours after the infant was born .
until then the new parents had spent time bonding together with their baby .
` he 's beautiful .
they are both doing really well .
we are so thrilled , ' carole told the gathered press outside the lindo wing after their hour and a quarter-long visit .
she said the new parents were doing ` fabulously ' - but would n't be drawn over the issue of naming the baby .
no suggestions from them , them ?
` absolutely not !
' said carole .
carole and michael arrived a short while after kate 's hairdresser , amanda cook tucker , unofficially confirmed that the duke and duchess would be departing today by arriving at