by .
kieran corcoran .
published : .
10:05 est , 3 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:29 est , 3 december 2013 .
have you ever felt the urge to lie to everybody , ruin the livelihoods of thousands , and make millions of pounds in the process ?
well now you can - and you do n't even have to go to public school first .
a pair of businessmen have found a way to channel the urges that crippled the world 's economy in 2008 without actually harming anybody - a family board game where everybody plays as a banker .
designers : thomas white , left , and tom white , right , put the game together over the last year .
playing with the economy : the greedy nasty bankers game encourages players to invest recklessly in different markets , which they move between with the roll of the dice .
wildcards : players are encouraged to double-cross each other with cynical cards like those above .
the really nasty bankers game , made by father and son thomas and tom white , encourages players to lie through their teeth , gamble with other people 's money , and go running to the authorities when it all comes tumbling down .
the monopoly-style board game casts players as the chief executives of fictitious banks with names like fullercrookes and the ripporf banking group .
the aim is to invest the bank 's cash as recklessly as possible without getting caught , and take home the biggest bonus .
each turn the bankers get an opportunity to invest a secret amount of money - measured in billions - in markets like stocks , property and mortgages .
depending on which square they land on , players might get to cash in their investments - and get their hands on a bonus - or ruthlessly crash the market and leave their opponents with nothing .
the first banker to trouser # 10million is declared the winner .
as well as being encouraged to bluff and lie about the level of their investments , players can also use ` really nasty ' cards to fiddle the markets , call in the regulators or trick other players into being ` out to lunch ' when it 's time to cash in .
and , as a