by .
leesa smith for daily mail australia .
james packer 's new crown casino was cleared to run a new high-rollers casino in just three months , which the body responsible for approving it believes could be the fastest time in history .
independent liquor and gaming authority chief executive micheil brodie said the speedy probity clearance was far below the average of the 12 months it normally takes , according to the sydney morning herald .
mr brodie , who oversaw the probity check , said the process was fast-tracked because the nsw government advised the gaming authority to take into account the findings of an earlier probity check into mr packer 's company .
james packer 's crown resorts cleared a probity check in just three months to run a new casino in sydney .
the speedy seal of approval for the casino -lrb- artist 's impression pictured -rrb- was possibly ` one of the fastest assessments of a casino applicant in history ' compared to the average of about 12 months .
mr brodie said the punch-up between long-time mates mr packer and mr gyngell out the front of the media mogul 's bondi apartment in may did n't affect the decision for the application because it was based on the company and not individuals .
` that 's not to say that if someone was a person with a significant history of the use of violence for commercial objectives that we would n't take a very , very serious view about whether they are a suitable person , ' he told the sydney morning herald .
` but someone who ends up having a bit of a set-to with their mate out the front of the house one sunday afternoon does n't , by definition , mean they 're going to be unsuitable to be a director of a company that will hold a licence under the casino control act .
' the authority re-interviewed mr packer and other key management heads but said it was able to use information from the earlier probity check done in 2012 .
last month , crown resorts was granted a licence to operate a vip-only restricted gaming facility , without poker machines , at barangaroo from november 15 , 2019 after the nsw government backed its proposal .
crown resorts was granted a licence to operate a vip-only