a ship found off the coast of cornwall could be a pirate vessel that sank more than 350 years ago .
shipwreck hunter todd stevens believes the 80ft craft belonged to legendary privateer john mucknell , known as the pirate king of scilly .
the john was originally a 44-gun east .
india company frigate but its swashbuckling skipper captain john .
mucknell became a privateer just before the start of the civil war in .
1643 .
discovery : tod stevens holds one of the artefacts he found on what he believes is a 17th century pirate ship .
he ran aground his ship , the john , in 1645 , after it was damaged in a battle with sailors sent by charles i .
since then , its exact location has remained a mystery .
he joined a fleet of smaller vessels based on the scillies which raided ships in the western approaches and seized them and their cargoes .
captain mucknell was a staunch royalist and his predations may have enjoyed semi official approval from charles i , whose coffers would have been boosted by his loot .
he spent two years as a pirate until he was tracked down by three parliamentary warships in 1645 and his ship was mauled in a naval battle close to the scillies .
deep blue sea : todd stevens dives in what is believed to be the john 's remains , 44 gun frigate belonging to john mucknell .
he then grounded it on a reef and .
escaped onto the islands along with most of his crew but the location of .
the wreck has remained a mystery which has baffled naval historians for .
years .
captain mucknell himself returned to .
the mainland where he was taken back into the mainstream royalist navy , .
knighted , and promoted to vice admiral .
he carried on fighting until the end of the civil war in 1649 when he fled to portugal .
diver todd stevens is convinced that a .
large wreck he has located near the scillies is the john .
artefacts .
recovered from the sea bed date it to the civil war period .
the wreck is 80 foot long and too .
large to be one of the many small traders which foundered on the isles .
at the time or one of