by .
snejana farberov for mail online .
` irresistible ' : sex offender jang-li delgado galban , 25 , allegedly had trysts with two civilian workers at the hillsboro , oregon , jail identified as brett robinson , 32 , and 38-year-old jill curry .
the washington county sheriff 's office has now named the inmate who allegedly had sex with two female jail employees , as more details are beginning to emerge about the lovers ' illicit encounters .
jang-li delgado galban , 25 , has been linked to two civilian jail services workers at the hillsboro jail identified as brett robinson , 32 , and 38-year-old jill curry .
the inmate 's name was first made public thursday by the station kptv .
robinson was arrested earlier this week on multiple counts of custodial sexual misconduct after officials learned of her alleged affair with the inmate while investigating jill curry .
the 38-year-old veteran jail worker , who is married to a sheriff 's deputy , was arrested last month on similar charges stemming from her alleged tryst with mr delgado-galban .
according to court documents released to the oregonian wednesday , mrs curry repeatedly released the inmate out of his cell inside the jail 's maximum security unit , walked him to a supply closet and had sex with him .
investigators said they have obtained videos showing the married woman entering the closet with delgado-galban on several occasions .
it remains unknown at this time whether ms robinson also used the same closet for her sexual encounters with delgado-galban .
an article published in the oregonian in 2010 said that in december 2009 , delgado-galban , then 20 years old , allegedly broke into a woman 's apartment in hillsboro and raped her .
the suspect later agreed to a plea deal , as part of which he admitted to one count of burglary with the intent to commit rape in exchange for having the rape charges dropped .
in december 2010 , delgado-galban was sentenced to three years and eight months in prison , and ordered to register as a sex offender upon his release .
but according to sheriff 's officials , the man failed to meet the conditions of the plea agreement , which landed him behind bars in the washington county jail where he encountered robinson and curry .
on wednesday