by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
18:03 est , 13 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
18:11 est , 13 april 2013 .
sir elton john , keira knightley and sting have united in a bid to save media tycoon alexander lebedev from jail in moscow .
this comes after a judge last week banned him from leaving russia ahead of his controversial trial in which he is accused of politically motivated ` hooliganism ' .
mr lebedev , 53 , faces up to five years in jail after hitting sergei polonsky during a talk show on a moscow tv channel .
keira knightley -lrb- left -rrb- and sir elton john -lrb- right -rrb- are among a number of celebrities who have united in a bid to save media tycoon alexander lebedev from jail in moscow .
facing trial : alexander lebedev , pictured with natalia vodianova , is charged with ` hooliganism ' after hitting sergei polonsky on a tv chat show .
stars who previously joined the campaign to keep him out of jail include kevin spacey and john malkovich .
character references from these and other celebrities in support of mr lebedev were published last week .
the trial of the former kgb spy , whose family own the independent newspapers and the london evening standard , is expected to restart soon following a delay over a legal wrangle .
sir elton said : ` i have known alexander for 15 years .
he is a decent , generous , kind and thoughtful person and a man of integrity .
' ms knightley warned his charitable work would be disrupted if he was jailed .
` i respect alexander 's work in the uk and abroad , ' she said , citing his work for cancer charities .
a string of celebrities have written letters of support for alexander lebedev , pictured , whose family owns the independent and london evening standard newspapers .
friends believe the real reason for the prosecution is his ownership of investigative newspaper novaya gazeta which exposes government corruption .
other celebrities who have previously joined the campaign to keep lebedev out of jail include hugh grant and supermodel natalia vodianova .
mailonline reported in february how the stars sent letters of support for lebedev to the russian politburo .
notting hill star grant , 52 ,