by .
sam webb .
published : .
21:57 est , 30 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
04:09 est , 31 december 2012 .
these astonishing images show a traditional indian buffalo race held in an indian village following the tradition of more than a thousand years .
over the centuries indians have gathered for the famous kambala -lrb- buffalo race -rrb- which sees pairs of buffaloes racing around muddy waters .
the pictures were taken at the annual mulki seeme arasu kambala -lrb- slush track buffalo race -rrb- held in padupanambur , a village near mangalore in the state of karnataka .
spray : india 's famous ` kambala ' features pairs of buffaloes racing through muddy water .
arduous : the annual mulki seeme arasu kambala is held in paupanambur in karnataka state .
the sport has a history spanning many centuries in the coastal district and the kambala season generally starts in november and lasts until march .
historians date the roots of the sport back to more than a thousand years .
kambala was held by farmers to pay tribute to their gods for protecting their crops .
as well as the races , there was a festival with celebrations and a host of other games .
historic : kamabala has been held for more than a thousand years and was originally an act of worship .
crowds : the event draws thousands of people from throughout the region .
some historians say kambala also marked the beginning of the second sowing season .
historically , the buffaloes were paraded before the crowd to the accompaniment of drums .
a famous indian saying about the race includes the line : ` silence rules the air as thousands watch in stunned anticipation !
` the man is crouching behind the buffaloes on a sliver of wood attached to the animals .
not a muscle moves .
only the wind is playing on his lock of hair .
for him the race is all that matters .
' according to times of india , there are more than 40 kambalas held annually .
contest : a racer stumbles in a spray of muddy water as he charges for the finish line .