australian schoolies in bali are being warned that they are at risk , with balinese nightclubs and bars targeting teen by selling a potentially lethal alcohol at bargain prices .
nightclubs in kuta and seminyak are serving dangerous alcohol ` arak ' at extremely low prices , despite the fact the alcohol has been know to poison consumers in the past , leading to blindness , organ failure and death .
one bar has a deal for '20 shots for under $ 15 ' and red bull and vodka drinks for $ 1.50 , according to the daily telegraph .
but travellers are being warned not to be tempted by these deals , to avoid drinking spirits and to stick to bottled beverages for the sake of their safety .
scroll down for video .
about 6,000 australians are expected to head to bali in the next three weeks for schoolies celebrations .
australian casualties have been amongst the deaths and injuries that have occurred due to methanol poisoning in indonesia .
perth rugby player michael denton , left , died after drinking a cocktail in 2011 and and teenager liam davies , right , died of suspected methanol poisoning on new year 's day 2013 .
australia 's department of foreign affairs and trade and the australian medical association warn against the consumption of arak .
not only can it contain up to 50 % alcohol , if arak is incorrectly brewed methanol is often created , resulting in a potentially deadly liquid .
australian casualties have been amongst the deaths and injuries that have occurred due to methanol poisoning in indonesia .
perth teenager liam davies , 19 , died in indonesia of suspected methanol poisoning on new year 's day 2013 .
in 2011 , perth rugby player michael denton died of methanol poisoning after drinking a cocktail .
in two separate occasions in december 2013 , central coast teen jasmine baker , 17 , and perth teen tess mettam , 19 , both went temporarily blind after drinking cocktails in bali , again due to methanol poisoning .
red frogs australia bali co-ordinator paul mergard said the organisation had dealt with seven suspected cases of methanol poisoning in bali last year .
the substance is mixed in with drinks to be a cheaper alternative to drinkable alcohol like vodka .
` if a price of drink