by .
associated press and daily mail reporter .
published : .
00:39 est , 8 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
02:27 est , 8 april 2013 .
north korea is continuing to stoke tensions with a fourth nuclear missile test , which comes as the regime may be looking to carry out war on a different battlefield - the internet .
south korea 's point man on north korea , unification minister ryoo kihl-jae , .
told a parliamentary committee today that ` there is such an .
indication ' that the country is preparing to launch another test missile , according to two ministry officials who spoke on condition .
of anonymity .
ryoo was answering a lawmaker 's question about increased personnel and vehicle activities at the north 's nuclear test site .
scroll down for video .
provocative act : north korea is said to be preparing a fourth nuclear missile test , a new incendiary action amid tensions with south korea and the u.s. ministry officials cite ryoo as .
telling the lawmakers he would n't provide further details because they .
involve confidential intelligence affairs .
south korean defense officials .
previously said the north completed preparations for a nuclear test at .
two underground tunnels .
the north used one tunnel for its february 12 .
nuclear test .
the second remains unused .
north korea has unleashed a flurry of war .
threats and provocations over the u.n. sanctions and ongoing u.s.-south .
korean military drills , which the allies say are routine but pyongyang .
says is a preparation for a northward invasion .
the pentagon has strengthened missile .
defenses and made other decisions to combat the potential threat .
u.s. gen martin dempsey , the joint chiefs of staff chairman , said yesterday .
that he does n't believe north korea will engage in military action soon , .
` but i ca n't take the chance that it wo n't .
' troubling test : north korea 's warning last week followed weeks of war threats and other efforts to punish south korea and the u.s. for ongoing joint military drills .
threats : kim jong un 's regime may be preparing to launch cyber attacks against the south and the u.s. dempsey said the u.s. has been preparing .
for further provocations or action