by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
published : .
03:03 est , 17 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:41 est , 17 september 2013 .
senior lib dems today slapped down vince cable for claiming the coalition could break up before the 2015 election .
treasury minister danny alexander dismissed his cabinet colleague 's suggestion that it is ` a possibility ' that .
the power sharing deal with the tories will collapse before 2015 .
business secretary mr cable stunned colleagues by also indicating .
that he has private ` red lines ' that would prompt him to walk out of the .
cabinet .
row : relations have soured between chief secretary to the treasury danny alexander and vince cable in recent weeks as divisions emerged over the economy .
the lib dem conference in glasgow has been dominated by the increasingly erratic behaviour of mr cable , attacking tory coalition partners and distancing himself from the government 's economic recovery .
senior allies of nick clegg have grown irritated by what they see as disloyalty which risks undermining the key messages the party has on fairness and economic competence .
the veteran minister also faced tory .
anger last night after dismissing his conservative colleagues as .
` nasty ' , ` callous ' and ` ugly ' opportunists .
asked .
at a fringe meeting at the lib dem conference whether anything would .
ever compel him to quit the coalition , mr cable made clear he has .
privately considered quitting the government .
` i .
think president obama has just proven very eloquently in recent weeks .
the dangers of parading your red lines in public , ' he said .
` i am not going to do an obama .
' asked .
whether the government might collapse , mr cable said : ` it 's certainly .
possible .
we are not at the stage of talking about that process .
it is .
obviously a highly sensitive one .
' but mr alexander , the chief secretary to the treasury and a key ally to mr clegg , rubbished the idea the coalition would break-up .
he told sky news : ` this coalition will continue until the end of this parliament , as we promised .
` we have a very big job