by .
joshua gardner .
published : .
12:26 est , 16 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:39 est , 16 october 2013 .
delaware has announced it has its first confirmed obamacare enrollee on tuesday , over two weeks after the program 's roll-out .
department of health and social service officials have declared janice baker , 59 , of selbyville the first confirmed resident to enroll in the marketplace .
baker says she faced challenges along the way and even spent seven hours on the computer and phone , but she 's confident it was all well worth it .
she 's number one : selbyville , delaware dog kennel owner janice baker -lrb- right -rrb- was announced tuesday as the state 's very first confirmed obamacare enrollee .
at left is delaware hhs secretary rita landgraf .
` i started looking right at october 1 , ' baker , who runs a dog kennel , told the news journal .
that 's when obamacare marketplaces opened across the country .
it 's also when potential enrollees nationwide began experiencing system glitches , both online and on the phone .
` i had made several attempts online to enroll and activate my membership , ' baker said .
` i could not get in to save my life .
' more affordable : baker , right , will pay $ 700 a month for her new insurance plan , saving her around $ 1800 per year .
she then called an 800 number , but after an hour and a half the representative 's computer locked up .
when she called again , the same thing happened .
days later , after baker followed a tip found on the healthcare.gov site suggesting users clear their computers ' browsing history , cookies and other temporary data , she was able to complete the process .
` right after that , i was able to apply , ' baker said .
` it might not be the government computers , it may be your own sitting in front of you .
' baker told the news journal she 's grateful for her new insurance plan after having been turned down several companies due to a pre-existing condition .
' i was thrilled to be able to have this happen , ' she said .
` this is