thousands of teenagers slept outside overnight in the westfield london car park .
the kardashian sisters pleaded with fans to be extra safe as they were surprised by the large numbers .
police and extra security staff struggled to maintain control of the crowd .
by .
j j anisiobi .
published : .
07:24 est , 10 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
03:07 est , 12 november 2012 .
kim , kourtney and khloe kardashian have only a limited amount of time in the uk , and their fans are well aware of this .
with that in mind , westfield london shopping centre was overrun with crazed kardashian fans eager to meet and greet their idols on saturday morning .
police and security guards struggled to control crowds of teenagers surging through the gates to see the sisters who were attempting to launch their kardashian kollection .
three queens : kourtney , kim and khloe all looked immaculate as they took to the stage at westfield london , where their fans had been waiting .
approach with caution : westfield was completely full of kardashian fans waiting for their idols .
simply boot-iful : khloe stood out from the group with her towering height and knee-high footwear .
kim , 32 , was wrapped warm for the promotional activity as she emerged from her hotel in the morning wearing a thick fur cape .
the reality tv star is used to being the centre of attention but even she would have been surprised at the response of her cross atlantic followers .
khloe , 28 , had only arrived in the capital on friday but got straight into the thick of things by joining her two sisters for the launch .
thanking you : khloe , who arrived in london on friday showed her affection for the crowd by throwing up a heart symbol .
at ease : police and security guards struggled to keep the crowds of mostly teenagers calm .
hardcore : thousands of teenagers slept overnight in the car park to make sure they were at the front of the queue .
the x factor usa host was concerned , however , about the huge amount of people that had turned up and especially the large number people who had camped over night .
khloe said : ` we 've already had