by .
john clarke .
published : .
01:15 est , 19 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
02:17 est , 19 october 2012 .
ali-mohamed mohamud was convicted thursday of second-degree murder for beating to death his 10-year-old stepson .
homicide detectives and prosecutors in buffalo , new york , said the case was one of the worst they had ever seen .
after .
duct-taping a sock in the boy 's mouth and binding his hands with .
electrical cord , the stepfather savagely beat the boy so bad he .
separated the his head from the spinal cord , crushing the back .
of his head and exposing his brain , according to court testimony .
scroll down for video .
tragic : abdifatah mohamud , ten , called 911 several times to report abuse at the hands of his stepfather ali mohamed mohamud , who is now accused of beating him to death .
` justice has been done , ' prosecutor thomas m. finnerty said after the verdict , reached after three hours of jury deliberations .
mohamud could face 25 years to life in prison when sentenced november 15 , reports the the buffalo news .
the death could have been avoided after it was revealed the boy called 911 twice in the past year to report abuse .
abdifatah mohamud , from buffalo , new york , was found beaten to death in his family 's basement last week .
he was bound , gagged and struck repeatedly with a rolling pin .
though the buffalo police department is investigating how officers handled the calls , they did confirm they reported the allegations to erie county child protective services - who are accused of not doing enough to help the boy or remove him from the home .
they are refusing to comment on the case .
a police department spokesman says the police commissioner ordered the investigation into 911 calls made in april 2011 , when abdifatah told authorities his stepfather ali-mohamad mohamud was abusing him .
ali-mohamed mohamud listens as his defense attorney makes closing arguments in his murder trial .
officers responding to a missing child report last week found the boy 's body .
the 40-year-old security guard has pleaded not guilty to a second-degree murder charge .
the buffalo news said that the officers who responded