by .
leon watson .
wearing full traditional costumes 4,500 germans in hats adorned with flowers march down a street brandishing rifles and clubs .
then they stop for some schnapps .
this is the annual patron saint day festival in bavaria .
for the first time this year , the german head of state , president joachim gauck , and his partner daniela schadt attended the event in which troops of bavarian mountain riflemen show off their costumes .
in total , 47 companies from berchtesgaden to garmisch-partenkirchen marched in their different uniforms during the parade .
the event was held in the rural town of miesbach , which this year celebrates its first documentary mention 900 years ago .
bavarian mountain infantrymen dressed in traditional uniforms take part in the patron saint day festival of the bavarian mountain infantry , in miesbach , southern germany .
in the club : a bavarian mountain infantryman dressed in a traditional uniform takes part in the patron saint day festival .
companies from berchtesgaden to garmisch-partenkirchen marched in their different uniforms during the parade .
members of bavarian mountain riflemen companies march in a procession during their annual gathering to honour the patrona bavariae .
after a day 's parading , the marchers stopped for some schnapps .
bavarian mountain riflemen in traditional outfits attend a parade in the southern village of miesbach .
members of bavarian mountain riflemen companies march in a procession during their annual gathering to honour the patrona bavariae in miesbach , germany .
for the first time this year , the german head of state , president joachim gauck , and his partner daniela schadt attended .
christian social union member peter gauweiler -lrb- left -rrb- walks among bavarian mountain riflemen in traditional outfits and -lrb- right -rrb- a woman wears a fox-skin scarf .
two members of a bavarian mountain riflemen company stand in front of a bavarian-style-painted wall in miesbach , germany .
men in traditional bavarian dress erect a maypole in grossweil near garmisch-partenkirchen , southern germany .
german president joachim gauck -lrb- second left -rrb- and his partner daniela schadt -lrb- left -rrb- and horst seehofer -lrb- right -rrb- , prime minister of german state bavaria and protector of the bavarian mountain riflemen , and his wife karin -lrb- second right -rrb- pass members of bavarian mountain riflemen companies .
german president