most of us have been surprised at least once by our phone or internet bill after spending more time on our devices than usual or using them abroad .
but spare a thought for john gibson , who picked up a bill for $ 11,000 after his two grandchildren watched five films via netflix on his laptop on holiday .
mr gibson , of saskatchewan , canada , took his son and grandchildren to phoenix , arizona , where they incurred huge data roaming charges .
scroll down for video .
oops : john gibson 's grandchildren , jayden and sawyer , pictured , watched films through netflix while roaming on a laptop with a mobile stick .
shocked : canadian john gibson could not believe his eyes when he received a whopping phone bill from communications provider sasktel .
` small children like to watch movies , ' mr gibson told cbc news .
` they 'd watch a movie in the afternoon and i saw them doing it .
` the kids were getting bored , ' his son jason gibson added .
` so we decided to watch netflix on my air-card on my laptop .
' the children watched films including .
shrek , spider-man and curious george , but had no idea they were racking .
up astonishing roaming bills .
communications provider sasktel has u.s. roaming charges of $ 6/mb and the films took up about 400mb .
each , reported the estevan mercury .
big bill : jason gibson , john 's son , said his children were getting ` bored ' on holiday in phoenix , arizona , so they watched some films on his laptop .
shrek movie night : children , jayden and sawyer , watched some of their favourite films via netflix while on vacation in arizona .
the grandchildren , jayden and sawyer , .
watched the films on a laptop with a mobile stick .
but jason gibson did .
not know about the roaming charges .
john gibson first received the bill .
for $ 10,668.38 and called sasktel to sort it out .
they agreed to knock .
off $ 9,600 , reported cbc news .
` old guys like me just are n't up to .
speed on technology and what these things are capable of doing -lrb- without -rrb- .
you even realising