radamel falcao may not have found a house yet , but he looks completely at home with manchester united .
the colombian has been staying at the swanky lowry hotel since his deadline day arrival at old trafford and his football is as stylish as the five-star decor .
take just one moment from the match at leicester , three minutes after half-time .
picked out by wayne rooney in the corner of the penalty box , falcao controlled instantly , almost magnetically .
radamel falcao performed well on his first start for manchester united but the team were embarrassed as leicester city fought back from 3-1 down to win 5-3 thanks to some atrocious defending .
falcao tormented wes morgan in the leicester back line but united eventually succumbed .
falcao clashes with leicester 's veteran midfielder esteban cambiasso during the first half .
falcao prepares to kick off with robin van persie and wayne rooney after leicester made the scores 3-3 .
passes - 27 .
passing accuracy - 88.9 % .
passing accuracy in leicester half - 83.3 % .
balls recovered - 4 .
assists - 1 .
hit woodwork - 1 .
blocked shots - 1 .
successful crosses - 100 % .
allowing the ball to bounce to the optimal height , he extended his leg with nonchalance .
the ball cannoned back off the crossbar , kasper schmeichel without a hope of stopping it .
he barely even saw it .
falcao did n't score during his 70 minutes at leicester - it 's a matter of time before the goals start to flow - but his influence in leading united 's attack is there for all to see .
united are starting to feel themselves again , going forward at least .
defensively they were a shambles and they blew a 3-1 lead in embarrassing circumstances , but that formidable forward line is starting to purr again .
the ` gaal-acticos ' are blowing away the dark clouds of the david moyes era with hurricane force and leicester certainly found themselves in a whirlwind at times on sunday .
for an hour at least , until united suffered a power cut at the king power stadium .
to their eternal credit , nigel pearson 's team had hung in there and surged back to claim a famous victory .
united were woeful