teenage heptathlon star morgan lake has pulled out of england 's team for the commonwealth games in glasgow , partly because her father is not allowed to stay in the athletes ' village .
lake 's father , eldon , is also her coach and would therefore have been eligible for accreditation , but would have only been allowed day passes into the athletes ' village .
team england will provide chaperones for all athletes at the games who are under 18 -- including 13-year-old diver victoria vincent and weightlifter rebekah tiler , 15 -- but there is no scope for parents or guardians to stay among the expected 6,500 athletes in the village .
video scroll down to watch katarina johnson-thompson demonstrating her skills .
disgruntled : teenage heptathlon star morgan lake has pulled out of england 's team .
team : british heptathlon star lake with her father and coach eldon lake .
lake , 17 , has just finished her as level exams but has already broken katarina johnson-thompson 's british junior heptathlon record .
she is also second behind johnson-thompson on the under 20s all-time list after scoring 6,081 points in gotzis , austria last month .
lake 's preference this summer was to do the heptathlon at the world junior championships in oregon , usa and then the high jump in glasgow , but british athletics would not allow her to double up .
she will now hope to be selected for great britain 's team at the world juniors from july 22 to 27 , -- a single-sport , much smaller event than the commonwealth games .
this would allow greater contact with her father and might also be a better option for her exciting long-term prospects .
star : lake , 17 , has already broken katarina johnson-thompson 's british junior heptathlon record .
new home : the athletes ' village for the 2014 commonwealth games in glasgow .
but lake cleared a high jump personal best of 1.93 m in loughborough in may , the second highest jump by a british athlete this year , and could yet earn her first senior international vest this year at the european championships in zurich next month .
the reasons behind lake 's withdrawal from the commonwealths should enable england to call up another athlete to replace her and compete alongside jessica taylor and johnson-thompson