arrest : darriean hess faces two charges of negligent manslaughter .
a 19-year-old woman has been charged today after plowing into a group of cyclists , and killing two of them , as she drove without a license .
darriean hess was charged with two counts of negligent homicide and two counts of assault after hitting four cyclists taking part in a charity ride on saturday morning .
two massachusetts friends , pamela wells , .
of south hamilton , and elise bouchard , of danvers , were killed and two .
of their friends were injured after being hit on a bridge at 8.30 am .
as hess , from seabrook , new hampshire , was charged over the deaths , it emerged that police had stopped her the previous day for driving without a license .
she has been accused of driving too fast for the road conditions and number of cyclists , when she crossed over a center line and hit the riders on a bridge , district attorney jim reams said .
her victims had been taking part in the 40th annual granite state wheelmen tri-state seacoast century ride .
the 19-year-old had been stopped on the same road eight hours before the crash and ticketed for driving without a license .
hampton police chief james sullivan said the officer in that stop followed policy when he issued her an appearance ticket then allowed a friend to pick her up and drive the car away .
scroll down for video .
tragic : elise bouchard , left and pamela wells , right , were killed in the crash on saturday morning .
site : the scene after hess allegedly plowed into four cyclists taking part in a charity ride in new hampshire .
` it 's unfortunate that the incident happened the next day but the officer had no way of knowing that , ' mr sullivan said .
mr .
reams would not say if the young woman 's license had been suspended and .
said only that she did not currently have a new hampshire driver 's .
license .
police believe the .
car belonged to a friend .
mr reams said there is n't any evidence yet to .
suggest charges could be brought against the friend .
the car came to a stop after it ` decimated the welcome to seabrook