click here to read redknapp 's latest column on manchester united 's struggles and the size of the task facing manager louis van gaal at old trafford .
jamie redknapp has taken on the ` ice bucket challenge ' before quickly nominating his dad harry .
sportsmail columnist redknapp was on holiday in spain when he accepted the challenge from former england cricketer kevin pietersen .
and , never one to shirk a challenge , former liverpool and england midfielder redknapp took two full ice-buckets in the face .
video scroll down to watch sportsmail 's jamie redknapp do the ice bucket challenge .
freezing : sportsmail columnist jamie redknapp becomes the latest star to do the ice bucket challenge .
good cause : the challenge aims to support and raise awareness of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis .
double soaking : former liverpool midfielder redknapp is doused with not one , but two lots of icy water .
taking a dip : redknapp , who also works as a pundit for sky sports , falls back into a swimming pool .
soaked : redknapp follows the likes of david beckham and cristiano ronaldo in completing the challenge .
after a short introductory message , our columnist is drenched by freezing water before falling backwards into a swimming pool during a european family break .
redknapp , 41 , then immediately nominated his father , the manager of queens park rangers , 67 .
he also called on his sportsmail and sky sports colleague jamie carragher and comedian john bishop , with whom he stars on sky one 's a league of their own , to take on the icy challenge .
his nominees have 24 hours to take on their own ice-buckets , according to the rules , and carragher did not hang around .
the anfield legend took on the challenge from his bath tub , before nominating sportsmail columnist adrian durham , everton chairman bill kenwright and and itv host adrian chiles .
the #icebucketchallenge is the latest charity craze to take the internet by storm , with people pouring iced water over their heads in a bid to raise money for charity .
video scroll down to watch sportsmail 's jamie carragher do the ice bucket challenge .
soaking : sportsmail columnist jamie carragher takes part in the ice bucket challenge on wednesday .
nominees : carragher nominated