click here to read chris wheeler 's match report from the stadium of light .
sergio aguero was not the only superhero on display at the stadium of light on wednesday night - as wearside 's friendly neighbourhood spider-man made an unwelcome appearance on the pitch .
a pitch invader dressed in full ` spidey suit ' ran on to the field during manchester city 's 4-1 victory over sunderland on wednesday night .
and he fully embraced the character of the marvel comic superhero - including by pretending to fire his web-shooters at city defender martin demichelis .
a pitch invader dressed as spider-man pretends to fire web-shooters at martin demichelis after running on at the stadium of light .
the spider-man impersonator was not the only superhero on display - as sergio aguero scored twice during manchester city 's 4-1 win .
the pitch invader could not lift sunderland supporters ' spirits during a 4-1 loss at home to city on wednesday .
manchester city striker sergio aguero celebrates his first of two against sunderland at the stadium of light .
but despite spider-man 's attempt to claim the limelight , it was that man aguero who stole the show once more .
the argentina striker netted twice - including a thunderbolt from the edge of the area that had black cats substitute jozy altidore shaking with fright - as city consolidated their place in second in the premier league .
stevan jovetic and pablo zabaleta scored the other goals as the visitors came from behind to triumph at the stadium of light .
connor wickham had put the home side ahead but city soon recovered to claim the victory .
the invader -lrb- second left -rrb- runs across the stadium of light pitch as sunderland and city players watch on .
the invader , dressed in full ` spidey suit ' , taps city left back gael clichy on the shoulder while on the pitch .
clichy -lrb- left -rrb- looks at the pitch invader , who gives him the thumbs up before running off .
the pitch invader dressed as spider-man was eventually caught by stewards and escorted away from the ground .
aguero pulls the trigger and blasts his shot towards costel pantilimon 's goal .
the argentina striker 's shot had too much power for the romanian keeper to handle .