nathaniel clyne is one of the best right-backs southampton manager ronald koeman has ever coached .
calls are growing for the highly-talented 23-year-old to follow in the footsteps of saints team-mates past and present by getting england recognition .
clyne has improved markedly since arriving at st mary 's in 2012 , and has been a key component in what has been the premier league 's tightest defence this term .
nathaniel clyne scored a long-range effort for southampton against arsenal in the capital one cup .
clyne -lrb- centre -rrb- celebrates with team-mates after his wonder strike for the saints at the emirates .
ronald koeman has praised full-back clyne .
saints boss koeman knows a thing or two about defending himself and has seen few better than the former crystal palace full-back .
` in my opinion , clyne is one of the best right full-backs that i 've had in my teams during the last 15 years , ' he said .
` that means a lot because i like to play with offensive right and left full-backs and he has that qualities , he 's fast and gives good crosses .
` i 'm happy but i 'm not in the position to tell the national coach of somebody else about him .
` he shows his quality from the beginning of the season and if he continues like that he will get a call , for sure .
` if he shows his qualities game by game , then i 'm sure he will get finally a call to be a national player .
' clyne and his team-mates have conceded just three top-flight goals so far this term and head into this weekend 's clash with qpr second in the premier league .
clyne -lrb- right -rrb- battles with francis coquelin during southampton 's match against arsenal .
only chelsea are above saints and , despite them having conceded seven goals , koeman pointed to jose mourinho as the mentality to replicate .
` to win points , to win games , it starts at the back , ' he said .
` it starts in the defence .
` that 's the reason that we bought fraser forster because he is a fantastic goalkeeper with a future in the club .
` we have a strong defence .
it 's all about organisation