by .
paul bentley .
published : .
19:15 est , 5 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:21 est , 8 may 2013 .
the nation 's busiest roads could be resurfaced with rubber from used car tyres resulting in a quieter drive .
if you are driven to distraction by the noisy traffic outside your house , this could be the road to a good night 's sleep .
recycled car tyres could soon be used to surface roads across the country after a pioneering trial found they made roads quieter .
one of the busiest roads in scotland was resurfaced last year with the asphalt , containing shredded rubber from old tyres .
tests were performed on grip and skid resistance , with engineers reporting that the rubber road , on a stretch of dual carriageway between perth and dundee , resulted in a quieter drive .
the surface is also more environmentally friendly .
since 2006 , eu rules have banned the disposal of tyres in landfill sites , leaving about 480,000 tonnes of recyclable shredded rubber each year .
experts claim the road requires less maintenance and still allows for drainage , while tyre recyclers claim the technique will also save money because the new material is thinner than standard roads .
rubber roads were first built in the 1960s in the us , where today there are 20,000 miles of road made of recycled tyres .
rubber roads are also popular in china , brazil , spain and germany .
the technique has been found to cut traffic noise by about 25 per cent .
the asphalt is made by breaking down used tyres into rubber ` crumbs ' which are added to bitumen and crushed stone , which are typically used to make asphalt .
eu rules have banned the disposal of tyres in landfill sites , leaving about 480,000 tonnes of recyclable shredded rubber each year .
experts say it makes roads quieter because the rubber thickens the bitumen -- the binding agent which keeps the crushed stones together -- allowing the road surface to trap and disperse sound waves .
the rubber material is also springy and absorbs sound .
reducing road noise could save lives .
according to the world health organisation , around one heart attack in every 50 in european countries is caused by chronic exposure