brazilian great pele is looking forward to enjoying the 2016 rio de janeiro olympics after being discharged from hospital today .
the three-time world cup winner spent 16 days at the albert einstein hospital in sao paulo after being diagnosed with an infection that stemmed from an operation to remove kidney stones .
the 74-year-old left semi-intensive care over the weekend and is now feeling ` recovered ' .
scroll down for video .
pele was released from albert einstein hospital today after recovering form a urinary tract infection .
pele gave a press conference after being released from hospital , after which he left in a wheelchair .
pele was in hospital for 16 days after developing a urinary tract infection .
but doctors said he would need to continue his recovery at home and rest for a further week .
he will also need to undergo physiotherapy to recover some of the muscle mass that he lost during his hospitalisation .
pele was upbeat about his health at a press conference after his release , but did admit he was initially worried .
he said : `` it was really a scare .
` what happened was a surprise to me .
i was worried , of course , but i never had any fears about dying .
' pele went on to thank people from around the world for their support , saying : ` thank god i 'm well and recovered .
i want to thank everyone who sent messages - i 've been thrilled and surprised .
` i 've had messages from china , pakistan , from almost all the european countries .
` it is gratifying and good to know that i had the support of so many people around the world who were hoping the situation improved .
` now i am preparing for the olympics !
' pele was originally hospitalised after fainting during a santos match and complaining of abdominal pain .
eleven days after undergoing surgery , he was hospitalised again after feeling ill and was subsequently diagnosed with a urinary tract infection .
he has only one kidney , having had one removed towards the end of his playing career .
pele waves to the members of the press conference as he leaves with his girlfriend .
the three-time world cup winner looked in good spirits as he