by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
06:17 est , 22 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:02 est , 22 march 2013 .
the syrian president bashar assad has vowed to ` cleanse ' the country of muslim extremists whom he blames for a suicide blast that killed dozens of people , including a top sunni preacher who was a staunch supporter of his regime .
today british scientists working for mi6 were .
testing soil smuggled out of syria following reports the assad regime .
used nerve gas in an attack on rebel soldiers .
a team at porton down , the ministry of defence 's chemical research centre in wiltshire is testing the soil for traces of the nerve agent sarin , the daily telegraph reported .
threat : syrian president bashar assad , pictured here greeting people in damascus on wednesday , has pledged to ` cleanse ' the country of muslim extremists following a suicide attack on a mosque .
rebels claim forces loyal to .
president bashar assad used the gas during an attack near aleppo on .
tuesday .
the us and the un have announced they are also investigating the claims .
if syria is found to have used .
chemical weapons it will increase the pressure on the un to approve .
military intervention in the country .
in a warning to rebels battling .
to topple his regime , the syrian leader pledged that his troops will .
` wipe out ' and clean the country of the ` forces of darkness ' .
casualty : a syrian man is covered in dust as he walks outside a damaged building following an attack by syrian forces in which chemical weapons were allegedly used .
a man allegedly injured by chemical weapons smiles during a visit by officials from the rebel-backed new syrian administration at a hospital .
in aleppo .
aftermath : syrian citizens search for dead bodies in the rubble of damaged buildings that were attacked by airstrikes , at al-zarazir neighborhood , in aleppo .
assad 's statement came as the syrian .
health ministry raised the death toll from the thursday night bombing in .
damascus to 49 , after seven of the wounded died overnight in hospital .
in the attack , a suicide bomber blew .
himself up inside a mosque