never one to be outdone by its biggest competitor , samsung is now looking to launch its own mobile payment service to rival apple pay .
sources told re/code that the south korean tech giant is in talks with startup looppay to let people pay for goods using their phones .
samsung has previously allowed nfc payments on certain networks and with partners including barclaycard , but if it teamed up with looppay , the service would be expanded more widely .
never one to be outdone by its biggest competitor , samsung is now looking to launch its own mobile payment service to rival apple pay -lrb- pictured at its launch with tim cook -rrb- .
sources said the korean tech giant is in talks with startup looppay to let people pay for goods using their phones .
looppay calls itself a ` wallet solution ' that lets customer pay with their phones and tablets ` virtually everywhere ' .
it consists of an app and a device , which is either a fob or a specially-designed phone case .
the sources revealed that samsung is already in talks with the massachusetts-based provider , and prototypes have been created , but there is no word on when the service will launch - if at all .
if the firms do partner up , looppay 's technology could be built into future models of samsung devices , including phones , tablets and smartwatches .
the looppay app securely stores all payment cards including credit , debit , loyalty and gift cards .
looppay -lrb- left -rrb- calls itself a ` wallet solution ' that lets customers pay with their phones and tablets ` virtually everywhere ' .
it consists of an app and a device , which is either a fob or a phone case .
if the firms do partner up , looppay 's technology could be built into samsung phones -lrb- galaxy s5 pictured right -rrb- , tablets and watches .
these can be used to pay for shopping in 90 per cent of shops and banks in the us .
customers simply tell the retailer which card they want to use before tapping the device on a reader .
looppay calls itself a ` wallet solution ' that lets customer pay with their phones and tablets ` virtually everywhere ' .
it consists of an app and