steven howie -lrb- pictured -rrb- left his girlfriend with 18 injuries after assaulting her over a period of an hour in the room at a lonely inn on new year 's eve .
a thug beat up his girlfriend so badly after a cancelled new year 's eve party that their hotel room resembled a ` bloodbath ' , a court has heard .
steven howie , 28 , of dunfermline , left his girlfriend karen murray , 31 , with 18 separate injuries after assaulting her over an hour .
howie , a joiner , punched , kicked and kneed her during a prolonged assault , smashed furnishings , and pulled the door of their en-suite bathroom off its hinges .
because the inn was so isolated miss murray was unable to get a signal to call police and officers only arrived after guests in another room dialled 999 .
stirling sheriff court heard that howie and miss murray had been dating for about four months when they checked into the carronbridge hotel , in the campsie fells .
the court heard they then travelled into stirling for hogmanay celebrations at stirling castle , which were meant to have been headlined by the waterboys .
lindsey brooks , prosecuting , said that ` alcohol was consumed ' and at one point there was an argument about howie speaking to another female .
miss brooks said the argument was quickly resolved , but the stirling castle event was cancelled due to bad weather and the pair took a taxi back to the hotel about 10.30 pm .
when they got back to their room howie began to shout and swear at miss murray calling her a whore and a liar .
the depute fiscal said : ` miss murray said it came out of the blue .
the accused then punched her in the face , causing her nose to bleed , punched her in the stomach , and kneed her in the back numerous times .
the couple were staying at the carronbridge hotel -lrb- pictured -rrb- when he beat her in a brutal and sustained attack .
` miss murray was unsure how long this went on for , but she was able eventually to get the accused out of the room and lock the door .
` she was unable to call the police because of poor