by .
associated press .
published : .
13:47 est , 8 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:47 est , 8 november 2013 .
rising from the ashes of 9/11 , the new world trade center tower has punched above the new york skyline to reach its powerfully symbolic height of 1,776 feet and become the tallest building in the country .
or has it ?
a committee of architects recognized as the arbiters on world building heights is meeting friday to decide whether a design change affecting the skyscraper 's 408-foot needle disqualifies it from being counted .
disqualification would deny the tower the title as the nation 's tallest .
but there 's more than bragging rights at stake ; 1 world trade center stands as a monument to those killed in the terrorist attacks , and the ruling could dim the echo of america 's founding year in the structure 's height .
without the needle , the building measures 1,368 feet .
tallest towers : willis tower , formerly known as the sears tower , in chicago on march 12 , 2008 -lrb- left -rrb- and one world trade center in new york on september 5 , 2013 -lrb- right -rrb- .
topping out : the 104-floor one world trade beats out 110-floor willis tower - but only if its spire is deemed admissible .
what 's more , the decision is being made by an organization based in chicago , whose cultural and architectural history is embodied by the willis - formerly sears - tower that would be knocked into second place by a vote in favor of the new york structure .
` most of the time these decisions are not so controversial , ' said daniel safarik , an architect and spokesman for the nonprofit council on tall buildings and urban habitat .
the 30 members of its height committee are meeting to render a judgment behind closed doors in chicago , where the world 's first skyscraper appeared in 1884 .
the committee , comprising industry professionals from all over the world , will announce its decision next week .
to the point : a committee of architects recognized as the arbiters on world building heights is meeting in chicago to decide whether a design change affecting one world trade center 's needle disqualifies its hundreds of feet from