by .
jason groves .
published : .
07:52 est , 16 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:54 est , 16 october 2013 .
george osborne yesterday welcomed investment in the uk by a controversial chinese internet giant , despite warnings it could be spying on the west .
speaking during a visit to china , the chancellor brushed aside the security concerns over huawei that have seen its operations limited or banned in the us , australia and india .
welcoming plans by the firm to build a # 125 million research and development centre in britain , mr osborne said : ` there are some western governments that have blocked huawei from making investments .
not britain .
quite the opposite .
' welcome : george osborne , pictured with huawei ceo ren zhengfei , today praised the expansion of chinese tech firms despite cyber-security fears .
trip : the chancellor visited huawei 's headquarters in shenzhen as part of an official tour of china .
earlier this year mps warned that .
huawei could be monitoring british internet users via the infrastructure .
it provides to bt and o2 .
a .
commons ' security committee warned that the chinese government might be .
able to ` intercept covertly or disrupt traffic passing through .
huawei-supplied networks ' .
and .
last year a us congressional committee called for american companies .
not to do business with the firm because it posed a threat to national .
security .
huawei , which was .
founded by a former officer in the people 's liberation army , has long .
been accused of close links with the chinese military and government .
it .
operates a cyber-security centre in oxfordshire to check its equipment .
for security threats -- but it is staffed by its own employees .
ties : huawei has announced that it will invest an additional # 125million in britain .
fears : huawei has been accused of helping china spy on internet traffic via joint ventures in the west .
mps .
have called for gchq to take over the centre , which is now being .
investigated .
last year major general jonathan shaw , a former .
cyber-security expert at the ministry of defence , said that britain was .
` dealing with the devil ' in allowing huawei