by .
associated press reporter .
published : .
01:58 est , 10 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:35 est , 10 december 2013 .
narrowly beating a midnight deadline , congress voted on monday to renew an expiring ban on plastic firearms that can evade airport detection machines .
but republicans blocked an effort to toughen the restrictions - the latest defeat for gun-control forces in the year since the grade school massacre in newtown , connecticut .
president barack obama signed the law before midnight , using an auto pen as he traveled to africa for ceremonies honoring the late south african president nelson mandela .
racing a midnight deadline , the senate gave final congressional approval on monday evening to a 10-year extension of the prohibition against guns that can slip past metal detectors and x-ray machines .
the device obama used to sign the bill has been used for the signatures of traveling presidents since the administration of president george w. bush .
by voice vote , the senate gave final congressional approval to a 10-year extension of the prohibition against guns that can slip past metal detectors and x-ray machines .
the house voted last week for an identical decade-long renewal of the ban .
gop senators rejected an effort by sen. chuck schumer , d-n.y. , to strengthen the ban by requiring that such weapons contain un-detachable metal parts .
some plastic guns meet the letter of the current law with a metal piece that can be removed , making them a threat to be slipped past security screeners at schools , airports and elsewhere .
undetectable : authorities are concerned that plastic 3-d guns could be brought into places such as schools or government buildings where metal detectors would n't find them .
sen. charles grassley of iowa , top .
republican on the senate judiciary committee , said congress should .
extend the ban for a decade and study schumer 's more restrictive plan to .
make sure it does n't interfere with technologies used by legitimate gun .
manufacturers .
he said the bill 's recent introduction suggests that ` the real objectives were things other than just getting an extension .
' at a news conference later , schumer said he had ` no ulterior motive ' in proposing to strengthen the ban and said he hoped