those frequent gym sessions are clearly paying off : rosie huntington-whiteley looks amazing in her new campaign shots for the rosie for autograph spring collection .
the 25-year-old models the collection herself which includes a flirty babydoll , delicate silk nightdress with intricate lace trim and a chiffon wrap .
she claims to draw inspiration from her own extensive collection of vintage lingerie and has used luxury fabrics to create pieces that ` exude feminine glamour ' and ` feel exquisite to wear ' .
scroll down for video .
alluring : rosie wears the rosie for autograph damask rose print padded bra # 22.50 and knickers # 12.50 .
rosie 's signature silk pad bra , kimono wrap and chemise set have all been reworked in gorgeous new colours and prints .
working together in collaboration with .
soozie jenkinson , head of design for lingerie at m&s , rosie 's collection is designed to be a bit of ` everyday luxury ' which will also - of course - will make a beautiful gift for valentine 's day .
rosie 's signature silk pad bra , kimono wrap and chemise set have all been reworked in gorgeous new colours and prints , with the hand-painted floral design inspired by original art nouveau rose motifs .
rosie says : ` as this collection is .
launching so close to valentine 's day , it was more important than ever .
to make sure that all the new colours complemented all skintones .
` we decided upon a gorgeous palette of blush pinks and warm neutrals which every women will love to wear .
' new nightwear pieces will also launch for spring -- the flirty babydoll , the delicate silk nightdress with a glamorous floor-sweeping hemline and intricate lace trim and the chiffon wrap , the perfect boudoir style cover-up for bedroom .
rosie looks stunning in the silk nightdress , # 49.00 -lrb- left -rrb- and in the rosie for autograph pad bra # 22.50 and brazilian knicker # 12.50 -lrb- right -rrb- .
soozie jenkinson , head of lingerie design at m&s says : ` rosie and i put softness and romance at the very top of our creative agenda for this collection .
lingerie is a beautifully personal , intimate gift and so every attention to detail was designed with femininity in mind , using the