a father has told how he watched his drag racer son flip his super-charged car at more than 300km/h only to race in his own high-speed run 30 minutes later .
victor bray witnessed ben bray 's horrific accident in queensland on saturday but , as ben was rescued by medics from his wrecked car at willowbank raceway , the 30-year-old told his dad to still compete .
neither of them were aware that ben had suffered potentially life-changing injuries - he was left with six fractured ribs and three fractured vertebrae .
` after watching the crash i had to race myself in 30 minutes .
i did n't know how injured he was , ' victor told the daily mail australia .
scroll down for video .
flipped : ben bray 's car crashed just 150 metres off the start line in queensland on saturday .
it started off well : ben was competing in the winternationals at the willowbank raceway .
` it was n't easy ... ben told me to go .
it was nerve wracking getting in the car .
i kept thinking about what i had just seen .
' the crash can be seen in a dramatic video from the day , which shows how ben 's black nissan altima veered to the right about 150m off the start line .
it smashed into the wall roof-first before sliding meters down the track upside-down , crushing ben .
the family drag racing team were competing in the winternationals - the biggest drag racing event outside america - and it was a big date on the calender for team bray , who live in queensland .
when it went wrong : the car got air under it and lifted off the ground .
dramatic : the car began flying towards the wall of the race track as onlookers watched horrified .
on its side : ben 's father victor also witnessed the huge crash .
telling his dad to go and race was n't the only unlikely thing ben , 30 , did when he escaped from the ravaged vehicle .
` he was out of the car and in a bit of pain but grabbed a selfie with the medics , ' victor laughed .
unfortunately as the swelling set in on his injuries the pain also set in .
victor explained his