by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
20:02 est , 26 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:33 est , 27 december 2013 .
margaret thatcher is pictured with charles haughey outside 10 downing street two years before the incident in question .
margaret thatcher threatened to cancel a visit to ireland because it was being ` unfriendly ' about the falklands war , newly declassified files reveal .
the then prime minister was in no mood to meet with taoiseach charles haughey -- because ireland planned to back calls for a ceasefire .
state documents show how , during one of the most critical stages of the war with argentina , britain pushed ireland to abstain from a planned united nations ceasefire resolution .
ireland had let it be known it was in favour of ending military action .
an unnamed irish diplomat at the un sent a cable to dublin warning about the threats from london after having lunch with the then conservative foreign secretary francis pym .
at the meeting in june 1982 , mr pym said he felt anglo-irish relations were ` getting worse every day ' .
the deterioration was particularly disappointing to mrs thatcher , who accepted the ` unique relationship ' between the countries , he said .
the official told dublin in the cable : ` in her present mood he could not give any assurance that the pm would wish to have a meeting with the taoiseach , although he added that a week is , of course , a long time in politics and things could change .
' the files , released into the national archives under the 30-year rule , show mr pym asked ireland to at least abstain from voting .
but the diplomat wrote : ` i gave him no hope of this .
' the diplomat also spoke to sir antony acland , then head of the british diplomatic service .
the official told dublin in the cable : ` in her present mood he could not give any assurance that the pm would wish to have a meeting with the taoiseach ' ` he hinted , without saying so bluntly , that the pm might find it politically difficult to visit ireland this year if we continued to play a role seen by no 10 downing street as unfriendly to