it may have started as a humble circuit of rubber strips , but that would n't stop scalextric becoming a thing of dreams .
for generations , millions of children have routinely spread themselves onto the floor for hours on end to get the best track-side view of their miniature plastic cars in action .
now , 56 years later , the inventor 's family has unveiled the first ever set - completely untouched .
historic : diane francis , widow of scalextric inventor freddie francis , has unveiled the vintage set 56 years later .
nostalgia : mr francis modelled a blue maserati and a green ferrari to launch the set at harrogate toy fair in 1957 .
freddie francis launched the car racing kit at harrogate toy fair in 1957 .
it was an instant hit with dealers , and a year later he sold the brand to lines bros. for mass production .
but besotted by the toy , he put the first set ever made aside to one day pass on to his children or grandchildren .
the previously unopened set has been preserved in a wooden box at the francis family home .
but when mr francis lay on his death bed in 1998 , suffering from cancer , he told his wife diane his dying wish was to hand the priceless plaything to their daughters , caroline and julia .
the plastic and rubber circuit , with this rudimentary controller , was cutting-edge technology .
the original manual is completely untouched .
but mr francis vowed to give it to his children after he died .
the kit comes complete with skid patch oil to maintain the track and car oil to apply to the miniatures .
finally , after fifteen years , and now with two grandchildren , mrs francis decided this christmas was the time to unearth the vintage box from storage to give to callum , four , and luke , two .
mrs francis , 68 , from birdham in west sussex , said : ` my husband launched scalextric in 1957 and kept one of the original boxes .
` it is one of the very first sets ever made and it has been kept in a wooden box which my husband built to safeguard it .
` after .
we had our two daughters catherine and julia ,