by .
alex greig .
lakeside meth lab : madhu dutta is accused of attempting to set up a meth lab in his million-dollar home .
ohio police have arrested the owner of a luxurious lakeside home in which the makings of a sophisticated methamphetamine lab were discovered wednesday night .
inside the home , police found equipment and chemicals for a ` thionyl/chloride method ' lab , the first of its kind to be found in ohio .
madhu dutta , 51 , was arrested thursday at 3675 east lake road in sheffield lake for possessing the chemicals and equipment for making methamphetamine .
officers had been investigating .
suspicious activity at the house since august 2013 , but new information .
prompted them to obtain a warrant to search the home .
also discovered on the property were three handguns , 11 shotguns and a large quantity of ammunition , reports fox 8 .
chief .
deputy dennis cavanaugh said that while the lab was n't fully .
functioning , dutta was in possession of enough chemicals and equipment .
to warrant the charges , reports wkyc .
the .
thionyl method is unique , cavanaugh said , because of ` the type of .
system , the chemicals being used , the specific type of equipment , and .
you have to have some knowledge or ability to be able to do this .
' affluent area : the million-dollar home owned by madhu dutta .
lake views : the tasteful mansion is home to madhu dutta , who lives there alone .
there goes the neighborhood : neighbors in the affluent area were shocked that such a grand home could be the site of a methamphetamine lab .
commercial grade : the chemicals stockpiled by dutta were for use in a sophisticated meth lab , say police .
he added that thionyl/chloride method labs are ` extremely toxic ' .
the .
more common method for cooking the drug is known as the one-pot method , .
or ` shake and bake , ' which uses household chemicals , unlike the .
commercial grade chemicals found in dutta 's home .
according to abc news , dutta 's property in the affluent lakeside area was purchased for $ 1,125,000 last year .
neighbors were shocked by the arrest of their neighbor .
weapons : police found