privacy czar : apple ceo tim cook unveiled the company 's beefed up technological security wednesday , emphasizing the tech giant 's ` fundamental ' commitment to privacy .
apple has ramped up its technological security to the point that even the company itself can no longer pry into a password-protected iphone or ipad .
the additional safeguard is part of apple 's latest mobile software , ios 8 , which the cupertino , california , tech giant released wednesday - two days before iphone 6 went on sale nationwide .
apple unveiled the more robust protection in a new section of its website that is prefaced with a letter from ceo tim cook who emphasized the company 's ` fundamental ' commitment to privacy and security .
` our commitment to protecting your privacy comes from a deep respect for our customers , ' cook wrote .
` we know that your trust does n't come easy .
that 's why we have and always will work as hard as we can to earn and keep it .
' apple is highlighting its increased security following a mortifying episode that unfolded earlier this month after hackers broke into the online accounts of oscar-winning actress jennifer lawrence , supermodel kate upton , singer ariana grande and other celebrities who stored copies of nude photos on the company 's icloud service .
nude photos of lawrence and other female stars were posted on various websites , causing some security experts to question whether apple had taken adequate precautions to thwart hackers trying to break into user accounts .
since the x-rated photos appeared , apple has been stressing the need for its users to rely on passwords that are difficult to guess .
scroll down for video .
under lock and key : users ' personal information can be blocked not only on the new iphone 6 -lrb- pictured -rrb- , but on any device dating back to 2011 .
it has also recommended the adoption of a security feature known as two-step verification that requires a special code sent to mobile phones to be entered along with a password to log into accounts .
apple 's inability to unlock password-protected smartphones and tablets could frustrate law enforcement officials who sometimes obtain court orders to vacuum personal data off the phones for potential evidence in criminal investigations .
the personal information