by .
daily mail reporter .
a pregnant woman who drove a minivan , with her three young children strapped inside it , into the ocean off a florida beach has been charged with attempted murder .
ebony wilkerson had her bail set at $ 1.2 million on saturday and remained in custody after the shocking incident at daytona beach on tuesday .
a tourist filmed the dramatic rescue of wilkerson 's three children , aged 3 , 9 .
and 10 , as they cried for help as giant waves pounded their vehicle .
charges : ebony wilkerson arrives for her first court hearing after being arrested for three counts of attempted murder .
custody : wilkerson , pictured in court saturday , is being held on $ 1.2 million bail after being accused of trying to kill her children .
the children had lowered the windows to .
scream for help , and the oldest child could be seen trying to wrest .
control of the steering wheel from her mother , investigators said .
arrest : ebony wilkerson , 32 , faces attempted murder and child abuse charges .
wilkerson got out of the .
van and allegedly tried to block a beach safety officer from getting to the .
children , a witness told investigators .
the 32-year-old from south carolina has been charged with three counts of first-degree attempted murder and three counts of child abuse .
according to an arrest affidavit , she had arrived in florida three days before the incident , and was trying to escape an abusive marriage .
the children told investigators their mother had been acting ` crazy ' since they arrived in florida , and wilkerson 's sister tried twice to get mental health treatment for her the day before she drove the van into the water , the affidavit said .
officers from daytona beach police , who evaluated wilkerson before the incident , decided that she did not qualify for involuntary mental health confinement , the affidavit said .
her children are currently in state custody .
good samaritans and lifeguards had come to their aid , rushing into the atlantic to remove them from the vehicle as it filled with water .
in .
response to questions about wilkerson 's mental state , volusia county sheriff ben johnson .
stated on friday that investigators have