perhaps the fish you are eating was related to those swimming above your head at ithaa restaurant , maldives .
and it 's a good idea not to go over the top on the wine if you 're at the the grotto palazzese restaurant restaurant-on-the-rocks outside bari , italy .
this selection of eateries is a real collection of the weird and wonderful - yet each to itself has the undeniable wow factor .
can i have a fishy , on a little dishy ?
ithaa , which means mother-of-pearl in dhivehi , is the very first undersea restaurant in the world .
floating oasis : the rock , zanzibar in tanzania gives the look of the ideal postcard , and is certainly right out of the ordinary .
ithaa , which means .
mother-of-pearl in dhivehi , the under-sea restaurant off the maldives is arguably the most impressive - as swarms of fish skim the roof over your head , concentration on what delicacy to select may well wander .
the world 's first undersea restaurant is five metres below sea level at the conrad maldives .
rangali island in alif dhaal atoll in the maldives .
the .
acrylic structure has a capacity of 14 people and a transparent roof .
with a 270 ° panoramic underwater view so you can stare at marine life .
all you want .
italy 's grotto palazzese , located on a promontory 24 metres above sea level , offers diners the chance to hear the waves crashing against the rock that actually houses the restaurant .
and the grand waterfall adjacent to the appropriately-named labassin waterfalls restaurant in san pablo city , the philippines can help soothe the diner into a warm experience .
these restaurants will offer fine food , as well as an atmosphere and memories you will never forget - just do n't forget your camera .
impressive : the sirocco , bangkok will offer unrivalled views of the city .
cave culture : the grotto palazzese restaurant is embedded into the cliffs of polignano , 30 kilometres from bari in italy .
misty in roots : bali 's central highlands are blessed with long-reaching views of paddies , trees and valleys , and la view in ubud offers a split level dining experience with the majestic sights of the surrounding countryside .
high dining : stylish decor