by .
charles martland .
john terry took to instagram to post a nostalgic photo of his youth club , senrab fc .
terry shared the picture to his 158,400 followers of him holding a silver trophy alongside his victorious team-mates , alongside the caption : ` what a team this was back in the day ' .
the chelsea captain is alongside the likes of ledley king , bobby zamora and jlloyd samuel , all of whom have enjoyed successful premiers league .
video scroll down to watch john terry working hard in pre-season .
picture that : terry -lrb- front row , second right -rrb- with ex-spurs captain ledley king -lrb- back row , left -rrb- , qpr striker bobby zamora -lrb- front row , right -rrb- and others while at senrab as a youngster .
stellar career : terry has won there premier league title , one champions league and captained his country .
also in the picture are former chelsea stiker mark nicholls and ex-colchester midfielder kemal izzet .
the forest gate based club had to be bailed out by terry back in 2011 after a desperate financial struggle almost saw them slip from existence .
upon making a donation to save the club , the defender told sportsmail : ` i 'm sure this will help secure the long-term future of the club .
' retired tottenham centre half ledley king also added : ` the thought of this club folding is a worrying one .
i owe senrab a lot .
' the sunday league outfit have also been responsible for bringing up a wealth of talent either side of terry 's age group .
england regular sol campbell , striker jermain defoe and the ever-popular adebayo akinfenwa all played their grassroots football there .
cut short : ledley king was forced to retire in 2012 through persistent injuries .
the club , whose name originates from the name barnes spelt backwards , have received coaching from chelsea legend ray wilkins and former charlton boss alan curbishley .
terry clearly has strong feelings for the club where , for him , it all started .
this latest post shows his reflection on the very beginning of his career which has included 78 england caps .