a harrowing video filmed by the kenyan red cross shows responders rushing to help the injured shortly after the assault on the westgate mall began .
the footage , obtained by the associated press , shows rescuers entering the nairobi 's mall 's upper level parking area on september 31 and treating the injured as bodies lie on the pavement .
the end of the graphic video appears to show several seriously wounded and dead people where a children 's cooking event had been taking place .
injured people are wailing and calling out for help .
scroll down for video .
harrowing : the kenyan red cross treats the injured from the mall attack .
bloodbath : paramedics tended to the injured as the gunmen continued to roam the mall .
a sixth briton has been confirmed dead following the atrocity , the foreign office said today .
earlier this week prime minister david cameron suggested six britons may have died in the catastrophe and the foreign office confirmed this figure on saturday .
the person 's identity has not been revealed .
a spokesman said : ` fco can confirm a sixth british national has been identified amongst those killed in the tragedy in nairobi .
we are providing consular assistance .
` we have no information at this time that any further british nationals have been killed although we can not rule out the potential for further british casualties and we continue to stay in close contact with the kenyan authorities as their investigations continue .
' the video comes as hundreds of mourners and security personnel have held a 24-hour candlelight vigil for victims of the massacre .
inside the mall on friday - the last .
of three days of an official mourning period - a pushchair could be seen .
overturned on the marble floor next to wilting fresh flowers at a .
florist 's shop .
slabs of concrete sat on top of flattened cars in the .
parking area .
elsewhere , there were rows of scorched vehicles .
mourning : people light candles during a memorial service in front of the shopping centre .
prayer : a father lights candles with his son during the 24-hour vigil .
in memory : kenya defense forces soldiers pay tribute to victims of the terrorist attack .
earlier , .
a top official said