a british soldier who left to fight alongside kurdish militants has described isis as little more than ` office workers and villagers ' who are high on drugs because they are so terrified .
jamie read from lanarkshire , scotland , served in the british army for four years before travelling to syria in 2014 to join the battle against islamic state extremists .
having returned home he has revealed he would be prepared to rejoin the fight - despite the fact that he and his family have been targeted by militants .
scroll down for video .
jamie read -lrb- left and right -rrb- from lanarkshire , scotland , served in the british army for four years before travelling to syria in 2014 to join the battle against extremists .
the 25-year-old said : ` all the stuff about is being organised is not what i saw , they seem like office workers and villagers who were simply pointed in the right direction and told to get on with it .
' before travelling to syria , mr read was given training by thor tactical , a czech private security agency offering self-defence courses , weapons classes and training in tactical fighting .
they organised a recent meeting where he spoke about his experiences and his motivation for entering the war torn country .
he said : ' i just could not look at this injustice .
it was necessary to do something .
' he had travelled to syria using his own money after making contact with kurdish people 's protection units , the ypg , using a link he found on the internet .
he had then been contacted via facebook and eventually had a skype interview a few days before he flew to iraq , where he underwent a further personal interview and his details were checked .
he said : ` they wanted to make sure i did n't have any connection to the islamic state .
after that i got my equipment , and was sent to the front line .
' having returned home mr read has revealed how he would be prepared to rejoin the fight - despite the fact that he and his family have been targeted by militants .
suggestions that is are a well-organised and disciplined unit were not true , he claimed , adding : ` they are