by .
james rush .
published : .
05:24 est , 19 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:14 est , 20 february 2013 .
georgina beevers was found dead at her home more than 13 hours after her mother warned police she was a suicide risk .
a boy of four was left alone with a woman 's body for 13 hours -- despite a 999 call to police .
officers were told the woman , georgina beevers , 37 , was a suicide risk and had been threatening to take an overdose .
but greater manchester police downgraded the call to a lower priority and an officer who called at the house left when no-one answered the door .
the independent police complaints commission accused the force of a ` lack of diligence ' in handling the case .
one member of staff has been disciplined .
on january 29 last year , the woman 's mother , sheila beevers , 65 , made a series of calls to police and social services warning that miss beevers was preparing to overdose on prescription anti-depressants .
mrs beevers , from wythenshawe , manchester , called police at 6.44 pm because she was unable to drive to her daughter 's home herself but no-one was sent round until about 10.25 pm .
miss beevers ' body was discovered the next morning when officers called again .
the boy then answered the door and they found her body on the sofa .
naseem malik , of the ipcc , said the case needed a priority response but ` did n't get one due to flawed decision making and a lack of diligence ' .
she added : ` all i can hope is that those involved will learn lessons from this tragedy .
' an inquest gave a verdict of death by misadventure .
ms beevers ' mother told a police call handler that her daughter was at the ` end of her tether ' and her partner had been ` battling with her to stop her taking an overdose ' .
although the 999 was initially treated as urgent and requiring an immediate response , it was later downgraded from grade 1 to grade 2 .
an officer should still have attended within an hour but due to an ongoing armed robbery and a missing person incident there