microsoft has submitted a patent that could see the company track every tv show and advert watched via its xbox one console and other devices .
the application called ` awards and achievements across tv ecosystem ' was submitted to the us patent and trademark office earlier this month .
it details plans for microsoft to reward viewers for watching adverts , tv shows or series , with virtual scores , or physical awards such as coupons and products - although it is expected the plans will be opt-in , and not turned on by default .
scroll down for video .
microsoft 's new xbox one console has improved voice controls that can switch tv channels , for example , and an updated kinect sensor that can monitor users ' movements .
a patent applied to the us patent and trademark office by microsoft has unveiled plans to potentially use such technology to track what tv shows and adverts users watch , and then reward them with virtual points or physical products .
drawings submitted by microsoft in its awards and achievements across tv ecosystem patent show how the company plans to track and reward users for watching adverts and tv shows .
in this image the kinect sensor is highlighted on top of the tv , as is the console on the right-hand side .
although it is unclear exactly what platform the plans will launch on .
microsoft has filed the patent in a bid to launch a system that could see viewers given virtual scores and points to put towards new items for their avatars , or download tv and videos from the xbox live system .
the patent submitted by microsoft earlier this week does n't confirm what platform the plans will apply to , or exactly how the viewing habit information will be stored .
however , the application does states that once a user watches a relevant advert , tv show or series - called a ` user-viewing goal ' - a response will be triggered .
the user-viewing goal will be confirmed and an award will be granted .
the type of award is expected to then depend on the type of show or advert watched - for example an advert might award virtual points , whereas watching a whole series might result in a physical product or free download .
virtual