by .
thomas durante and associated press .
published : .
12:27 est , 20 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:44 est , 21 january 2013 .
a 15-year-old boy is accused of using an assault rifle to kill his pastor father and other family members in their home last night , police have said .
the suspect , who was identified as nehemiah griego , was arrested shortly after the shooting at the albuquerque , new mexico , home .
inside , police found the five victims - a man , woman , two girls and a boy - who were each shot multiple times .
tragedy : one of the victims of the shooting was identified as gregory griego , pictured center , a former pastor at the calvary albuquerque church .
killing : five people were shot to death at the home in albuquerque , new mexico , in the saturday night shooting .
one of the victims was identified as gregory griego , the alleged shooter 's father who has served as a pastor at the calvary albuquerque church .
the church confirmed mr griego 's death to mailonline on sunday .
information : bernalillo county sheriff dan houston speaks about the murders during a news conference on sunday .
including nehemiah , mr griego and his wife sarah have 10 children .
the names of the other victims could not immediately be determined .
investigators also were seeking to .
determine who owned several guns that were found at the home , one of .
which was a semi-automatic military-style rifle .
the juvenile suspect was charged this morning with two counts of murder , and three counts of child abuse resulting in death , according to the station .
each victim was shot multiple times , authorities said .
authorities would not reveal any details of their talks with the alleged gunman .
the .
tragedy comes just over a month after gunman adam lanza slaughtered 20 .
schoolchildren and seven women - including his own mother - in newtown , .
connecticut .
lanza , who killed himself as police closed in on him , was armed with an ar-15 assault rifle .
the massacre ignited a fiery debate on gun control and resulted in president obama 's push last week to ban assault weapons and intensify background checks on