a momentous and valuable piece of our evolutionary history has gone on display to the public .
the 2.8 million-year-old partially complete lower jaw , uncovered in the afar region of ethiopia , is thought to belong to a species that may have been the first member of the homo family .
it is significant because it suggests our first human ancestors emerged 400,000 years earlier than previously thought .
the fossil is now encased in a glass box at the arizona university .
scroll down for video .
the 2.8 million-year-old partially complete lower jaw -lrb- pictured -rrb- , uncovered in the afar region of ethiopia , is thought to belong to a species that may have been the first member of the homo family .
the fossilised remains were put on display inside a glass case at arizona university earlier this week .
it was unveiled at a press conference by professor kaye reed , one of the palaeontologists who made the discovery in january 2013 .
scientists say the fossil , which is known as ld 350-1 , is recognisably human but also has more primitive features that suggests it is older than other fossils belonging to the homo family .
this would make it the common ancestor for modern humans - homo sapiens - and their extinct relatives including homo habilis , homo erectus and neanderthals .
researchers who have digitally reconstructed the jaws of other ancient human ancestors say the fossil also matches what they would expect from this common ancestor .
55 million years ago - first primitive primates evolve .
15 million years ago - hominidae -lrb- great apes -rrb- evolve from the ancestors of the gibbon .
8 million years ago - first gorillas evolve .
later , chimp and human lineages diverge .
5.5 million years ago - ardipithecus , early ` proto-human ' shares traits with chimps and gorillas .
4 million years ago - australopithecines appeared .
they had brains no larger than a chimpanzee 's .
2.8 million years ago - ld 350-1 appeared and may be the first of the homo family .
2.7 million years ago - paranthropus , lived in woods and had massive jaws for chewing .
2.3 million years ago - homo habalis first thought to have appeared in africa .
1.8 million years ago - homo ergaster begins to appear in fossil