there are countless optical illusions that make objects appear to spin , change colour and move of their own accord - but this may be the most powerful one yet .
the video creates what is known as a motion after-effect -lrb- mae -rrb- and is a phenomenon often called the ` waterfall illusion ' after being spotted at a waterfall in foyers , scotland in 1834 .
it causes cells in the brain that are sensitive to a certain direction of movement to tire , which then activates the cells that respond to the opposite direction .
this makes stationary objects appear to move .
warning : video below contains images that can cause strong natural hallucinations .
the video -lrb- grab pictured -rrb- creates what is known as a motion after-effect -lrb- mae -rrb- .
it causes cells in the brain that are sensitive to a certain direction of movement to tire , which then activates the cells that respond to the opposite direction .
this makes stationary objects appear to move in that opposite direction .
the illusion itself is n't new .
it was first referenced in ancient greek texts , although the origin is debated .
many scientists agree aristotle first mentioned the visual illusion in his parva naturalia , but the correct direction was said to be first reported by lucretius in his poem de rerum natura .
the first clear description of the motion after-effect was recorded by jan evangelista purkyně in 1820 , who observed it after looking at a cavalry parade .
robert addams then observed and reported the effect in 1834 while watching a waterfall at foyers in scotland .
this demonstration was created from a view of the falls of foyers .
mr addams noticed that the effect can be seen when staring at a waterfall while keeping eyes steady .
the motion after-effect -lrb- mae -rrb- can be explained by changes in visual neurons that respond in certain ways to moving parts within an image .
in the brain , there are cells are tuned to respond to different features and directions of an image or stimulus .
for example , there are cells in the brain that are sensitive to motion in a clockwise direction , but there are also cells that are sensitive to motion in the opposite direction .
when there is no movement within