actor paul rudd has denied being one of the passengers who helped take down a homophobic man who kicked a man at a texas airport .
video released of the altercation at dallas/fort worth international airport last thursday showed a man who looked like the 45-year-old hollywood star - sparking internet rumors .
the anchorman and clueless star had been watching the kansas city royals win baseball 's american league conference final the night before the brawl , leading some to think he could have stopped off to catch a connecting flight .
but his publicist said it was not him , and one of the men who helped restrain the suspect is simply a lookalike .
scroll down for video .
brawl : video released of the altercation at dallas/fort worth international airport showed a man who looked like paul rudd -lrb- circled -rrb- - sparking internet rumors .
the 45-year-old had been at the kauffman stadium in kansas city , missouri , watching his beloved team beat the baltimore orioles to advance to their first world series since 1985 .
rumors : the anchorman and clueless star 's appearance at the game led people to believe he could have been waiting to catch a connecting flight when he intervened .
the man caught on camera attacking another member of the public has to be subdued by the group of spectators on thursday after he began bullying and assaulting a man waiting to board his flight .
footage on youtube of the brawl at dallas/fort worth international airport shows a man teasing another passenger for wearing a pink shirt at gate 30 in terminal c .
a number of bystanders then intervene when the man starts the unprovoked attack .
he is eventually handcuffed by police , and one of those helping them - wearing a brown coat - looks like rudd .
he had been at the kauffman stadium in kansas city , missouri , watching is beloved team beat the baltimore orioles to advance to their first world series since 1985 .
during a post-game interview , he jokingly invited all of the fans to a ` party at his mom 's house ' to celebrate .
the resemblance of the man in the video to the knocked up star led to a hashtag on twitter called #paulruddsaveslives .
during the airport brawl , the unprovoked ringleader