by .
travelmail reporter .
travel operator thomas cook has reassured customers of its commitment to animal welfare after a dog was crushed to death at one it 's resorts in cyprus .
the firm said it was ` extremely concerned ' by the tragic incident at the anastasia beach hotel where staff had apparently tried to dispose of the stray poodle named billy in a large recycling bin fitted with an electrically-operated crushing mechanism .
the seven-month-old puppy was found .
by holidaymakers lying at the bottom of the bin still alive , but having .
suffered horrific injuries including a broken back and brain damage .
scroll down for video .
anger : british expats and tourists protest at the anastasia hotel in cyprus where stray puppy billy was thrown in a crusher bin before he died .
appalled tourists called a local vet to the scene but the dog died within days .
expats .
and tourists had called for a boycott of the hotel and thousands of .
people have signed a petition calling for cyprus to enforce animal .
cruelty laws .
thomas .
cook said in a statement : ` once these allegations came to light , we .
immediately liaised with the tsokkos hotel group , which is offering its .
full cooperation to the local authorities following the launch of a full .
investigation .
` we have been informed that the staff members involved were immediately dismissed following the incident .
the .
company said it had received enquiries from concerned customers , who .
were subsequently told that it was an isolated incident .
antonis alkiviades , who works at medvets , .
the surgery which cared for billy , said : ` when we went to the hotel , he .
was already in a coma .
we were shocked and it was even more of a shock .
when we were told he was put into this bin .
' mr .
alkiviades said billy had a broken back and other broken bones and was .
unable to breathe .
vets later realised he had brain damage .
billy .
was visited by dozens of concerned locals and tourists .
briton lynn .
gandy , 61 , said : ` he looked terrible .
he was a poor , frail , little dog .
to think somebody could