by .
laurie whitwell .
follow @@ lauriewhitwell .
henri lansbury will not sign a new contract at nottingham forest and is set to instead join burnley in a deal worth around # 3.5 million as he looks to fulfil his ambition for premier league football .
forest owner fawaz al-hasawi has challenged lansbury , 23 , to put pen to paper on a deal first offered in february but it is understood that the terms are significantly less than other team-mates and he has informed manager stuart pearce of his intention to leave .
burnley boss sean dyche is keen on the midfielder , who has scored 12 goals in 53 starts since moving to the city ground from arsenal for # 1m in 2012 , and would offer regular game time .
off you go : henri lansbury has snubbed a new offer from nottingham forest and is set to join burnley .
getting ready : lansbury trains with forest ahead of the new season .
it is believed to be another deal that initially progressed without pearce 's full knowledge , after the sales of jamaal lascelles and karl darlow , with negotiations advancing between officials from forest and burnley until lansbury told his manager about his desire to go last week .
pearce has since reluctantly agreed to sanction the move if the right bid is made , rather than have an unhappy player in his squad , and there is still work to be done over a price .
forest are believed to be holding out for a fee nearer # 5m .
pearce and al-hasawi have been locked in a war of words after lascelles and darlow were sold to newcastle united for a combined # 7m before being loaned back for the season .
one-time gunner : lansbury began his career at arsenal before joining nottingham forest in 2012 .
international star : lansbury is also a former england under 21 star , winning 16 caps for the three lions .
pearce said the transfers were conducted without his knowledge , adding : ` i am not prepared to fluff things when it comes to what was said and done behind the scenes .
two players were sold against my will .
it disappointed me .
' al hasawi hit back and claimed the manager had been consulted , saying : ` the