arsene wenger has chosen martin keown 's confrontation with ruud van nistelrooy as his most memorable moment in arsenal 's rivalry with manchester united - and admitted he does n't know where his fa cup-winners medals are .
arsenal and united have had plenty of heated battles with wenger referencing the infamous ` battle of old trafford ' incident as the one that stands out .
speaking to sportsmail columnist keown on bbc radio 5 live , wenger recalled the defender 's confrontation with van nistelrooy following the united striker 's penalty miss in september 2003 .
martin keown confronts ruud van nistelrooy following the united striker 's missed penalty in september 2003 .
keown screams at van nistelrooy following his last-minute spot kick miss during the ` battle of old trafford ' arsene wenger told keown that the incident was his most memorable from arsenal 's encounters with united .
` the most memorable ?
you were involved in it , ' wenger said jokingly to keown .
` of course that famous incident with the penalty with van nistelrooy .
' as arsenal gear up for their fa cup sixth round tie against manchester united next monday , wenger insists he is as hungry as ever for success .
arsenal and united have enjoyed an intense rivalry in the cup down the years and are only separated by a point in the barclays premier league .
ahead of monday 's clash , wenger admitted he did n't know where his fa cup medals from previous successes were .
` medals , i do n't even know where there are , ' said wenger .
` that tells you that i do n't look back .
the human side of the game is more important to me as opposed to the medals .
' i prefer a box of memories .
in this job , you have a big influence in people 's lives , they have a big influence in your life as well .
` at the top top level , these are special people - that remains longer with you than the medal , it 's not the only thing that matters .
` you want to think you can have a positive influence on people lives , the club and the style of play .
' arsenal manager arsene wenger oversees training at the club