michael brown , was shot dead by ferguson police officer darren wilson in august .
police committed human rights abuses during protests that erupted after an officer killed unarmed black teenager michael brown in ferguson , missouri , amnesty international has claimed .
in a report released today , the international human rights organisation said the use of rubber bullets , tear gas and heavy military equipment and restrictions placed on peaceful protesters violated international standards .
the report said police officers should be investigated by authorities for the abuses , which occurred amid weeks of racially-charged protests after the 18-year-old was shot dead by white police officer darren wilson on august 9 .
the group said it had sent a delegation to ferguson from august 14 to 22 to monitor the situation .
brian schellman , a spokesman for the st. louis county police department , which helped oversee law enforcement operations in ferguson , said police ` had one mission , and that was the preservation of life .
' the report also criticizes a missouri law that the group said may be unconstitutional because it allows police to use deadly force against someone even if there is no imminent threat of harm .
rachel ward , director of research at amnesty international called on state lawmakers to make missouri law comply with international standards making lethal force by police a last resort .
` lethal force is only to be used to protect life when there is an immediate threat , ' she said .
` the missouri statute goes far beyond that .
it is of grave concern .
' scroll down for video .
michael brown 's death was followed by several days of civil unrest in ferguson , missouri .
pictured , police face off with demonstrators on october 22 .
a protest this week in ferguson was scheduled to coincide with a day of action to take place nationwide to draw attention to police brutality .
amnesty cited a missouri statute that says a police officer may use deadly force ` in effecting an arrest or in preventing an escape from custody ' when that officer ` reasonably believes that such use of deadly force is immediately necessary to effect the arrest and also reasonably believes that the person to be arrested ... has committed or attempted to commit a felony .
'