by .
emma innes .
a woman was forced to wait for four hours in hospital without her partner while suffering her fourth miscarriage - and surrounded by women waiting for abortions .
chantelle skinner had to listen to young girls waiting for a termination , who were saying they did not want their babies , while she was distraught at losing hers .
the grieving woman 's partner and mother were not able to comfort her while she waited after she was informed that it was a full clinic that morning and that no visitors were allowed .
chantelle skinner , 25 , went to hospital after suffering her fourth miscarriage .
she says she was forced to wait in a ward with people discussing optional miscarriages .
she is pictured with her partner , james settle .
because ms skinner , from withernsea , east yorkshire , is 25 she was not allowed to have support from her partner , james settle , 27 , or her mother , teaching assistant karen skinner , 46 , at a time when she needed it most .
ms skinner , who , like her partner , is in the navy , has written a letter to hull and east yorkshire hospitals nhs trust , who run the hull and east yorkshire women and children 's hospital , complaining about the insensitive treatment .
she wrote : ' i was sitting with girls having terminations - they had support from relatives yet i was not choosing to terminate my baby .
' i was going through the heartbreak of losing a wanted baby and was denied support from my partner and mum when it was needed most .
` the baby was not just mine , it was my partner 's too .
he felt helpless as it was , but not being able to be there holding my hand and support me made him feel worse .
` to be sitting by my bed from 7.30 am until it was my turn for surgery at about 11.30 am was agonising .
' ms skinner , who is in the navy , says that while she was at the hospital she was also surrounded by mothers coming and going with their new babies when she had just lost hers .
ms skinner -lrb- pictured with her mother -rrb- has written a