by .
alex gore .
published : .
12:47 est , 19 may 2012 .
| .
updated : .
17:02 est , 19 may 2012 .
miracle : holly keogh is enjoying life at nursery after a heart transplant .
two young girls were making new friends at nursery this week after spending months in hospital strapped to a life-saving artificial heart .
holly keogh and ellie beale spent every hour of every day attached to the berlin heart at london 's great ormond street hospital .
their world was restricted by the 8ft of tubes and wires connecting them to the miracle machine .
the youngsters ' own hearts had failed and ellie and holly spent five and six months respectively rigged up to the contraption .
it kept them alive by pumping blood around their body , while they waited for suitable donor organs to be found .
the three-year-olds showed incredible determination to survive , with the risk of infection , blood clots or a fall ever present .
their frightened parents spent up to 16 heart-wrenching hours a day by their side .
ellie 's dad simon said : ` we were living from moment to moment .
the journey begins , but you do n't know when it is going to end .
' holly 's mum lisa , who left her other two children with their dad alan and grandparents at home in dublin to be with her daughter .
she told the times : ` as a parent you try to give them a little bit of life , find ways to distracted her .
` you have to be strong , you have to be there for your children .
it is only when you come home that you realise what you have been through .
' holly and ellie , from the reading area , arrived in cardiac intensive care in end-stage heart failure and were diagnosed with dilated cardiomyopathy - a condition which did irreversible damage to their hearts and was thought to have been caused by a virus .
bedbound : holly keogh , 3 , spent months in hospital strapped to an artificial heart .
if they were struck down a few years earlier , the girls may not have survived , but advances in cardiothroaic care means doctors are able to stablise patients while they search