hundreds of yazidi women being held prisoner by islamic state fighters in iraq are being sold off as brides for as little as $ 25 or repeatedly raped if they refuse , it has been claimed .
survivors have told how beauticians were brought in to put makeup on the women before they were attacked , and said some victims were forced to call their families after to explain what had happened .
according to those who escaped badush prison , in mosul , northern iraq , the number of women held there could be in the thousands and include christians and turkomens - a largely muslim group closely related to the turks .
scroll down for video .
survivors of badush prison , in mosul , northern iraq , have said women arriving there are given two choices : convert to islam and be sold as a bride , or refuse and be raped -lrb- file pic -rrb- .
while most yazidi women fleeing mount sinjar are now in refugee camps such as this one , hundreds are said to be being held by is in mosul .
following the capture of mosul by is -lrb- formerly known as isis or isil -rrb- in june , troops stormed the prison , took 670 shia inmates from their cells , and executed them inside the compound .
since then the jail has been used to house women captured by the islamic militants during their campaign across iraq , including many yazidis who failed to escape from mount sinjar .
nearly half a million yazidis , a minority religious sect , were displaced after is militants overran their ancestral home of sinjar and began executing people for being devil worshippers .
according to pakhshan zangana , an official in the kurdish regional government , women arriving at the jail are given two choices : convert to islam and be sold off for between $ 25 and $ 150 , or refuse and be subjected to rape and slow death .
she told the daily beast that one girl called her mother from inside the jail and described being raped by dozens of men in the space of just a few hours .
others have told how some women have given birth inside the jail , only to have the babies taken away hours later , never to see them again .