tom sherrington , head of highbury grove school sent 300 pupils to detention a day during his first week in charge back in september .
a super-strict headmaster has transformed behaviour at his secondary school by putting more than 300 pupils a day in detention .
tom sherrington joined highbury grove school last september and immediately enforced a tough discipline policy , which was called ` orwellian ' by some parents .
automatic one-hour detentions were introduced for arriving late to a lesson or wearing uniform incorrectly .
disruption in lessons led to a full day in an isolation room .
the approach led to ` huge numbers ' in detention -- more than 300 every day in the first week .
now , the figure is about 80 .
however , punctuality and uniform standards at the school in islington , north london , have ` improved dramatically ' .
the turnaround contributed to society magazine tatler naming it one of britain 's best state schools this year .
writing in the times educational supplement , mr sherrington said : ` standards continue to improve ; behaviour is not yet impeccable but we 're well on the way .
` more and more students are prepared to admit that they like it ; the school is still a happy , friendly , supportive place -- but now they can get on with learning and teachers can get on with teaching in a way that was n't always possible before .
' when he started at the music specialist school there was a feeling among staff that approaches based on ` restorative justice had n't really worked ' .
this trendy discipline method in many schools involves taking a no-blame approach to bullies .
mr sherrington wrote : ` the perception was that it had created a need for constant negotiation , enacted inconsistently across the school because of a lack of clarity around the rules and the consequences of breaking them .
` several teachers who left last summer even cited behaviour as a reason .
it was n't terrible in general , but some classes were just too hard to teach .
clearly i needed to act .
' in january , tatler magazine said the school , pictured , had been transformed by ' a brilliant new head ' pupils were given a set of coded warnings