in a single second the blinding flash of the detonating ied knocks the solder to the ground in afghanistan as rubble and dusty debris are spewed out .
the rare and disturbing pov footage was filmed two years ago , but the shock and sheer intensity of the leveling blast still shocks .
presumably on a routine patrol in war-torn afghanistan , the american soldier is surrounded by his comrades after the blast and miraculously survived .
scroll down for video .
coast is clear : the soldier is wearing a pov camera at stares up and down the deserted stretch of road in afghanistan .
while the soldier in the video is unfortunately not identified , the video serves as a reminder of the perils that servicemen and women endure daily whilst deployed to the central asian nation .
at the height of the war against the insurgency of the taliban in 2010 , 60 percent of the 400 weekly attacks in afghanistan were the result of roadside bombs .
data released by the pentagon in 2010 showed 1,059 ied incidents in april of that year , one of the highest monthly numbers on record and more than double the amount in april 2009 .
the work performed by bomb-disposal experts - made famous by the film hurt locker , which was set in iraq - became more deadly as the taliban became more sophisticated .
detonation : the ied can be seen to explode as a blinding flash around the soldier as he walks on through the passageway .
debris : the ied throws up a huge cloud of rubble and dust that fill the lens of the camera the soldier is wearing on his head .
part of the problem was that the novice afghan army engineers were facing an enemy that had mastered the art of bomb-making and were becoming more creative .
trained by western military experts , the afghan military 's progress has been arduous because the taliban had become so ingenious with their methods of killing .
in the training session soldiers pass the metal detector past a disused anti-tank mine rigged with explosives .
a cooker stuffed with an explosive device is placed on the side of the road .
then there is a wired , old mortar on display .
one soldier is told to take his weapon off before placing