by .
kerry mcdermott .
published : .
09:35 est , 12 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
09:40 est , 12 october 2012 .
a man has been spared jail after he hid a camera in his shopping basket to film up women 's skirts in a supermarket , a court heard today .
timothy cordell , 56 , smuggled the device inside a tablet box and propped it up using a bottle of milk , before prowling the aisles of a sainsbury 's store to get footage of unsuspecting women 's underwear .
his scheme was uncovered when customers complained to staff about cordell sidling up to them and the bizarre way he was holding his shopping basket .
sneaky : timothy cordell hid a camera inside his shopping basket and used it to film up women 's skirts at sainsbury 's in taplow .
the secret camera was discovered when cordell was stopped and searched on december 19 last year .
police later searched his house and found a usb stick which held 48 indecent images of children , reading crown court heard .
a second memory stick contained 639 .
images and a laptop had a further 675 , with an additional three videos .
all were of children aged between 13 and 16 .
he admitted three counts of making indecent photographs of children and one count of committing an act outraging public decency .
the court heard he was a family man of previous good character who was ` humiliated ' at being exposed .
` gross invasion ' : female customers complained to staff about cordell sidling up to them at the supermarket .
judge zoe smith said the supermarket victims were probably unaware they had been filmed .
but she added : ` it was nevertheless a gross invasion into someone else 's privacy .
' cordell , from maidenhead , berks , was given a three-year community order and must attend a sexual offenders ' group programme .
he was ordered to pay court costs of # 500 and was placed on the sexual offenders ' register for five years .
a five-year sexual offences prevention order means ` risk management software ' will be installed on his computer .