former football association chairman lord triesman has backed calls for a world cup boycott to force fifa to introduce more reforms and admitted that some of england 's tactics in pursuing votes for its 2018 bid were ` unwise ' .
triesman , england 2018 's first bid chairman until he was forced to resign after being taped making derogatory remarks about rival bids , also said he was now prepared to meet world cup ethics investigator michael garcia about the 2018 and 2022 bids .
his successor at the fa , david bernstein , who stepped down from the post in 2013 , has called for uefa to lead a boycott of the 2018 world cup in russia .
lord triesman -lrb- left -rrb- backed the call for a boycott of the 2018 world cup in russia .
david bernstein called for the boycott , saying fifa need to be forced to introduce reforms .
lord triesman -lrb- right -rrb- supported the idea of uefa leading the boycott of the 2018 world cup .
triesman told sky sports news : ` david bernstein has been saying europe should get its act together and preferably do it together and i think he 's got an extremely strong point and i support it .
` michel platini and uefa should be saying ` if you want the europeans involved in this world sport then it 's got to be a clean sport run in a transparent way and to standards that are exacting ' .
` russia will of course resist it but the fact of the matter is the most powerful of all the continental football groups is in a position to influence it , as are the major sponsors and i think until fifa is confronted by that it will never change .
' ethics judge hans-joachim eckert last week made a number of criticisms of england 2018 's tactics in trying to win the vote of now-disgraced former fifa vice-president jack warner , including securing a job for an associate of his and picking up the bill for a # 35,000 gala dinner .
triesman added : ' i think the pursuit of some people and their votes was probably done in a way that was unwise .
maybe i would say that .
` people used to complain because i and jack warner could n't bear to