for those desperately in need of a weekend by the sea , look no further than scotland 's southeast coast , only an hour drive from bustling edinburgh .
while the charming town of north berwick offers plenty of quaint b&b s to choose from , the refurbished sheriff hall granary , in east lothian , provides the perfect base for larger groups or families to explore the area .
but , be warned : you will be required to disconnect fully , as wifi is not always readily available , and 3g access is spotty to say the least .
sheriff hall granary , located near north berwick in east lothian , scotland , is a refurbished grain storehouse .
as it turns out , the three-day break from our mobiles was a blessing - though no easy feat for seven twenty-somethings from london - as it forced us to get outside and actually speak to each other while spending time in the home 's circular sitting room .
finding the house - without cell phone service , i might add - was the first hurdle to cross on our way to a relaxing weekend by the shore .
arriving in edinburgh on the last thursday evening flight out of luton , by the time we had secured our car rental , we were well into the midnight hour .
our first several attempts to find the house , without the help of gps or street lights , was simply put , a comedy of errors .
thankfully , the owners are used to dealing with such overwhelming confusion and after several hours - and several phone calls - we pulled up to the sprawling granary , which had been turned into a holiday home several years ago by the owner 's father-in-law .
sheriff hall is located just a 10 minute drive from the quaint seaside town of north berwick .
charlie -lrb- pictured -rrb- posing at the north berwick marina , where plenty of sailboats are available to rent .
despite the late night , we woke up early to set out in search of the closest town , north berwick , with its quaint shops , artisanal bakeries , and most important for our weary-traveller purposes , a tesco .
our hunt for food was quickly abandoned , however , when we saw the stunning west