the number of employment tribunal claims lodged by staff against their company has plunged by more than half since fees were introduced in the summer .
leading law firm hugh james said the total fell from 17,153 in july to fewer than 7,500 in august , a drop of more than 55 per cent .
since the end of july , employees who want to lodge a claim against their firm have to pay fees of up to # 1,200 before their case can be heard .
lord alan sugar -lrb- left -rrb- branded ex-employee stella english -lrb- right -rrb- a ` money-grabber ' after she made a claim .
it is the first time there has been a charge on workers since tribunals were introduced in the 1960s .
employees with relatively simple grievances such as a dispute over rates of pay must stump up # 160 to launch a claim and a further # 230 for a tribunal hearing .
in claims for unfair dismissal , racial or sexual discrimination , or where employees say they have been sacked because of whistleblowing , they must hand over # 250 to lodge the claim and a further # 950 if the case goes ahead .
these sums are repaid if the employee wins .
the levies were introduced as part of measures announced by david cameron to curb the estimated # 1billion a year in payouts to those who claim to have been wrongly dismissed or to have suffered discrimination .
they were brought in because of fears of a growing ` claims culture ' of people going to tribunals in an attempt to extract large sums from their employers and threatening to smear their reputations .
lord sugar has warned that employees have been able to exploit the rules in order to blackmail small businesses to settle claims because they are often afraid of losing and being ordered to pay huge damages .
in april the peer launched a scathing attack on apprentice winner stella english after she lost a constructive dismissal case against him at the east london employment tribunal .
john mccririck claimed unfair dismissal against channel 4 after he was dismissed in favour of a younger presenting team headed by clare balding .
he branded 34-year-old miss english a ` money-grabber ' and a ` chancer ' and said the case was an ` abuse