the youngest daughter of the crazed florida father who shot and killed two of his three children last week only survived because her older sister acted as a human shield .
lauren mohney , nine , is currently in a stable condition only because her sister , savanna mohney , 14 , put herself in the way of her father , david mohney 's bullets during his shooting spree at the family home in port orange .
when officers responded to the home they found the girls mother , cynthia mohney , 48 , curled up between her two daughters and the estranged couple 's son , david dead in his bed .
scroll down for video .
happy family : a look at cynthia mohney -lrb- far right -rrb- with her three children lauren , savanna and david , who were all shot by their father david mohney .
still stable : savanna , 14 , -lrb- left -rrb- saved her little sister , lauren -lrb- right -rrb- from their father and the nine-year-old is currently at a local hospital and in a medically induced coma .
court filings showed david mohney wanted to leave his wife and move with daughter savanna -lrb- pictured -rrb- and her siblings to south dakota .
` we believe savanna was coming down the stairs because she suspected something bad had happened -lrb- to her brother -rrb- , ' said state attorney zachary stoumbos to the journal online .
` but then changed her mind and went to her younger sister 's bedroom to protect her .
' stoumbus said he belives savanna 's selfless actions saved her younger sister from their crazed father , who locked his wife out of the house after telling her he was going to kill their children because she wanted a divorce .
` savanna was draped over lauren , ' said stoumbos .
` we believe that because she protected her little sister , lauren 's injuries were not as bad .
' the nine-year-old is currently in a coma at the arnold palmer hospital in orlando .
her mother has not left her side .
according to cynthia mohney 's lawyer , david mohney told her on the morning of the murders , ` if you do n't come back to me and stop the divorce , i will kill our children .
' the