by .
david mccormack .
published : .
05:07 est , 5 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:07 est , 5 january 2013 .
shamed lance armstrong , who was stripped of his seven tour de france titles for doping in october , is finally ready to publicly admit that he used banned performance-enhancing drugs and blood transfusions during his disgraced cycling career .
armstrong , 41 , is reported to have told anti-doping officials that he will make a public admission of guilt in the hope than he can persuade them to restore his eligibility to compete in triathlons , which have replaced cycling as his sporting passion .
for more than a decade , armstrong has vehemently denied ever doping , even after anti-doping officials laid out their case against him last october in a report which accused him of running ` the most .
sophisticated , professionalised and successful doping programme that sport .
has ever seen .
' flying the flag : armstrong cheated his way to seven tour de france titles .
all armstrong 's results from august 1 , .
1998 were expunged from the record books , including his seven .
consecutive tour de france ` wins ' from 1999 to 2005 , and the 41-year-old .
was banned from cycling for life .
up .
until now armstrong has refused to cooperate with the investigation and .
has consistently denied wrongdoing , but he has been under pressure from .
various fronts to confess .
wealthy .
supporters of livestrong , the charity he founded after surviving .
testicular cancer , have been trying to persuade him to come forward so .
he could clear his conscience and save the organization from further .
damage .
shamed cyclist lance armstrong is finally ready to publicly admit that he used banned performance-enhancing drugs .
according to the new york times , armstrong has been in discussions with the united states anti-doping agency and met the agency 's chief executive , travis tygart , in an effort to mitigate the lifetime ban he received for playing a lead role in doping on his tour-winning teams .
armstrong is also seeking to meet with david howman , the director general of the world anti-doping agency .
since .
quitting cycling , armstrong has hopes of competing in triathlons and .
running events