by .
tara brady .
published : .
22:34 est , 3 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
07:47 est , 4 march 2014 .
unqualified michael crane was doing 70mph in a residential area when he mounted the pavement and ploughed into hye jun lee .
a drink-driver has been jailed for 12 years for killing a young student as he sped through a city centre in his mother 's stolen sports car .
unqualified michael crane was doing 70mph in a residential area when he mounted the pavement and ploughed into hye jun lee .
the south korean was hit with such force she was catapulted 20 yards through a brick wall and into a back garden .
crane , 31 , left her dying at the scene in cambridge after fleeing the scene and later denied any knowledge of the accident .
tests found he was one-and-a-half times over the limit and he had no driving licence or insurance .
his 19-year-old victim had a promising future as a student at cambridge university and dreamed of working for the united nations .
judge jonathan haworth told crane : ` in all my years of dealing with cases like this , this is one of the worst , if not the worst , this court has ever had to deal with .
` there is nothing this court can do to ever replace the loss of this life but it is my duty to ensure you are sufficiently punished for the way you behaved that night .
' cambridge crown court heard crane was spotted driving at up to 70mph in a 30mph zone just moments before the crash last may .
miss lee was walking back to her student accommodation when crane hit her with his mother 's mazda car which he had taken without her permission .
sara walker , prosecuting , said he lost control , hit a kerb and mounted the pavement killing her instantly .
she added : ` investigations of his phone revealed incoming texts throughout the evening , including one seconds before the collision , that pointed to an ongoing domestic dispute that evening .
' a statement was read out on behalf of the victim 's father , haejun junghee lee , with the family unable to attend the court from south korea .
flowers in king 's