by .
sean poulter , consumer affairs editor .
when high street stores first started selling bras in the 1920s they were more about providing upholstery than uplift .
today , as the nation 's men turn their minds to what to get their wives and girlfriends for valentine 's day , many will be looking for something racy and lacy .
new material released by the marks & spencer archive gives a fascinating insight into how lingerie has moved from being functional , through comfortable , to the sort of skimpy patches of cloth that might make a pole dancer blush .
racy : rosie huntingdon-whiteley is the face and body of m&s ' current glamorous lingerie campaign .
demure : m&s 's first attempt at bra design was white and functional .
a lingerie collection by rosie huntington-whiteley is one of the few success stories for the m&s clothing range of recent years -- and she certainly wears it well .
however , generations of women of all shapes and sizes , not least margaret thatcher , have come to rely on m&s bras and knickers .
m&s first began selling bras in 1926 with a simple , unstructured , white bra with delicate ribbon straps , while the only adornment was a tiny pink rose at the v of the cleavage .
it was designed to suit the drop-waisted flapper style fashions that were the rage in the 1920s , as seen recently in the great gatsby and the latest series of downton abbey .
the demure creation marked the start of a new chapter in m&s ' history , which subsequently became famed for the quality and technology packed in to its lingerie .
the first uplift bras were introduced in 1932 under the slogan ` a perfect figure guaranteed ' , while the resourceful store made use of parachute silk in the 1940s to ensure no sagging in the morale of the nation 's women .
bizarrely , until the 1950s most bra retailers failed to recognise that women came in different shapes and sizes and produced bras in just one cup size .
in 1951 , m&s took the bold stance of introducing three - small , medium , large -- and by 1953 the chain was selling some 125,000 a week .
glamorous : different sizes first arrived in the 1950s and bras