by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
17:08 est , 15 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:28 est , 15 august 2013 .
michael jackson 's ex-wife debbie rowe broke down when describing her recent relationship with her daughter paris .
taking the stand for a second day at jackson 's unlawful death trial , rowe .
said she had been in daily touch with the teen until she had to be .
hospitalized on june 5 , when paramedics were summoned to the jackson .
family home in calabasas to attend to the 15-year-old .
rowe was asked how jackson 's death had affected his only daughter .
scroll down for video ... getting close : debbie rowe has grown close to her daughter paris , who she is seen with in may , in recent months but says she has n't seen her since paris ` tried to kill herself ' in june .
` she .
is devastated , ' rowe said .
` she tried to kill herself .
she is .
devastated .
she has no life .
she does n't feel she has a life anymore .
' jackson family representatives .
have not provided an update or publicly classified her hospitalization .
as a suicide attempt .
jurors have heard from her older brother , prince , .
but have only seen paris through a couple clips of her deposition and .
have heard references to her struggling with her father 's death .
rowe also acknowledged on thursday that she was concerned that some of his frequent medical visits were motivated more by a desire for drugs than by the treatments he received .
debbie rowe testified during the trial of a lawsuit that she told jackson about her concerns when he would go to his longtime dermatologist more than once a week in the 1980s and early 1990s .
rowe worked in the office of the dermatologist , dr. arnold klein .
witness : debbie rowe testified in ex-husband michael jackson 's wrongful death trial in la on thursday .
rowe worked in the office of the dermatologist , dr. arnold klein .
' i .
did n't understand why he would come in twice in one week , ' rowe said , .
adding that she was concerned he might be in search of drugs