ex-labour leader neil kinnock tonight apologised to eric .
pickles after joking that the tory minister would drop dead if he took part in .
the london marathon .
sadiq khan , labour 's shadow justice minister , posted a .
letter from lord kinnock online in which he suggested getting mr pickles to .
join him in this year 's race ` so we have a helpful by-election ' .
the tories condemned both men for the ` nasty ' remarks , .
and tonight lord kinnock said he has written mr pickles ` apologising for the .
poor taste which i showed in a light-hearted private note ' .
earlier mr khan deleted the tweet featuring the letter .
and also apologised .
tasteless : labour 's shadow justice secretary sadiq khan posted this letter on twitter from neil kinnock , apparently joking about eric pickles dying if he took part in the london marathon .
posting the letter .
online amounted to an ` offensive , personal attack ' , the tories said .
which raised doubts about mr khan 's ambitions to run the capital .
mr khan is taking part in this year 's london marathon and is raising money for the dispossessed fund .
he has been posting messages of support on twitter , and last night tweeted a photo of a a hand-written letter from lord kinnock .
scrawled .
on house of lords notepaper , the ex-labour leader wrote : ` dear sadiq .
you are mad , crazy , daft , brave ... so here 's 26.2 # x 4 -lrb- 1 for each .
adjective -rrb- to help you on your way .
` get pickles to go with so we have a helpful by-election ... .
cheers , neil .
' mr .
khan said the letter was ` witty ' and thanked lord kinnock and wife .
glenys for supporting his run , under the hashtag #yeswekhan .
if communities secretary eric pickles -lrb- left -rrb- took part in the marathon , he would suffer a heart attack and trigger a by-election , lord kinnock -lrb- right -rrb- suggested .
the note appears to imply that if mr .
pickles were to attempt to complete the 26-mile course around the .
capital he would be killed off , triggering a vote to replace him in the .
tory