five passengers are presumed dead after a small plane crashed tragically into the icy depths of a colorado reservoir saturday afternoon .
it was a recovery mission from the start as crews at the ridgeway reservoir worked to fish out the single-engine socata tbm700 and the bodies of everyone aboard after they fell out of the sky for undetermined reasons around 2pm .
efforts were suspended saturday evening , in part because responders to the rugged rural area lacked equipment necessary to recover the wreckage and victims from 60 to 90 feet of frigid water about 90 feet from shore .
scroll down for video ... crash : a single-engine private plane dropped out of the sky and into an icy colorado reservoir on saturday afternoon and all five passengers are presumed dead .
arduous : it was a recovery mission from the start as responders fought frigid conditions in water 90-feet deep .
the plane was flying from bartlesville , oklahoma , to montrose , about 180 miles southwest of denver , when it went down saturday , ouray county spokeswoman marti whitmore said .
whitmore said no one is believed to have survived , but no victims have been recovered from the aircraft , which was located about 90 feet from shore in 60 to 90 feet of water .
dive teams from denver and gunnison were expected to arrive at the reservoir sunday afternoon .
` we have recovered pieces of the tail yesterday , but the fuselage is in the water .
we have a good sense of where it is but the water is very cold and very murky , so it is a little bit of a challenge to get in there , ' whitmore told the denver post .
the plane was a single-engine socata tbm700 registered to a corporation in alabama and en route to montrose from bartlesville , oklahoma .
the identities of the occupants were being withheld sunday until relatives could be notified .
` we do n't have the right resources in the county ' to recover the plane , she said sunday .
the 1996 model plane was registered to gadsden aviation of rainbow city , alabama , the denver post reports .
it was en route to montrose after stopping in bartlesville , oklahoma .
the flight originated out of gadsden , alabama .
the identities of