a texas student killed by a campus cop during a traffic stop last year was nearly twice the legal limit when the officer shot him five times , an autopsy has revealed .
cameron redus , 23 , had a blood alcohol level of .155 when he was stopped for driving erratically and killed by corporal christopher carter outside his san antonio apartment on december 6 .
redus ' family have said that despite their son 's mistakes that night , the severity of these mistakes did not warrant the treatment he suffered at the hands of carter .
the autopsy , released thursday , revealed all of the five shots fired by carter were at close range .
killed : cameron redus , who was described by friends as not being aggressive , was shot five times at close range by a campus cop who had pulled him over for driving erratically last december .
details of the medical examiner 's report , released to kens5 , showed the university of the incarnate wood student had gun shot wounds to his left eye , upper chest , back , left elbow and right hip .
confrontation : corporal chris carter fired several times at the student .
the shot to the back became lodged in cameron 's heart and was ` the most immediately lethal , ' the medical examiner reported .
a shot to the eye could also have been lethal , the report added .
the student 's family say he was never aggressive or confrontational but , according to corporal carter , cameron tried to beat him with his own baton after he was pulled over for driving erratically .
his parents , mickey and valerie redus , and their other sons , released a statement saying they were ` devastated ' by the autopsy findings .
` we are stunned to learn that cameron was .
shot in the back from very close range .
the report also shows that the .
shot to his eye was delivered at a downward angle , again from very close .
range , ' they wrote .
` that knowledge , coupled with information from the earlier police .
report indicating that cameron died on his back with his legs underneath .
him , has left us heartbroken and shaken to the core .
' the family added