as conflict rages around syria , rebel groups have been using a range outlandish devices as fighting continues in besieged cities .
the free syrian army have little access to big weapons apart from small arms such as machine guns and often have to make their own ammunition .
today fighters on the syrian coast were pictured firing grad long distance shells towards forces loyal to president bashar al-assad .
scroll down for video .
a rebel fighter flips the switch on the detonator to fire a grad long distance shell towards the syrian city of jableh .
before firing , the members of the free syrian army prepare the shell in the coastal area of jabal al-akrad in north west syria .
the shell is loaded into the rocket launcher before being fired towards forces loyal to syrian president bashar al-assad .
rebel fighters have little access to big weapons and sophisticated ammunition and often make their own .
the shells were being fired towards the government forces in the city of jableh from the jabal al-akrad area in north western latakia province .
grad shells were first developed in russia and can travel over large distances .
members of the free syrian army were seen preparing the shells before loading them into a rocket launcher .
they then retreat to safety while one man has the task of using a remote detonator to fire off the explosive .
yesterday , rebels were pictured firing a homemade weapon known as a ` hell cannon ' in the city of aleppo .
a group of rebel fighters move the cannon into place as the prepare to launch it amid the ruins of aleppo .
the rebel groups are said to take great pride in the cannon , which they developed themselves , which has a range of about a mile .
a rebel prepares the homemade shells , which are made from highly modified propane gas cylinders .
the grad shells that were being fired today are more powerful and sophisticated compared to the improvised explosives other rebels are relying on .
in the besieged city of aleppo yesterday , a homemade weapon dubbed the ` hell cannon ' was being used to fire out highly modified propane gas cylinders .
the rebel groups are said to take great pride in the cannon , which they developed themselves , which