a shocking video claims to show the cruel method used to catch tuna that unnecessarily kills hundreds and thousands of sharks , dolphins , turtles and other species every year .
australian consumers of tinned and fresh tuna have no way of knowing whether or not the tuna they eat is caught using this method , unless the tuna brand elects to state it on their label .
and greenpeace has warned that the popular ` dolphin friendly ' tag used by many tuna brands is ` meaningless ' because it is not regulated .
scroll down for video .
a greenpeace video claims to show the harmful ` fad method ' of fishing tuna and its effect on other species .
hundreds and thousands of sharks , dolphins , turtles and other species are killed every year when they are unintentionally caught in nets after being attracted by fish aggregating devices -lrb- fads -rrb- .
in the video released by greenpeace , fisheries from france , the uk and italy are shown using fish aggregating devices -lrb- fads -rrb- and nets to catch tuna in the indian ocean .
marine animals including whale sharks , silky sharks , marlins , rays , oceanic whitetip sharks , olive ridley sea turtles , mako sharks and other mixed species of fish - some of which are threatened species - are seen caught up in the nets and cast aside by fisherman .
at the end of the video the dead marine animals are dumped back into the ocean .
greenpeace oceans campaigner nathaniel pelle said the purse seine nets pictured in the video -- which are nets that circle around schools of fish before being drawn up like a purse -- were not necessarily harmful when used on their own but were problematic when used with fads .
` the fish aggregating devices are designed to attract tuna but they also attract all sorts of other marine life , ' mr pelle told daily mail australia .
` when you use those two methods in combination you end up catching large amounts of incidental species you do n't mean to catch .
' a tuna fisherman on a boat in the indian ocean is pictured with a dead mariln .
australian fishing companies have not been linked to the video but australian consumers may eat fish caught using this method without