by .
associated press reporter .
the ex-boyfriend of a maui woman who was five months pregnant when she disappeared in february has been indicted on charges of killing her and torching her suv to cover up the crime .
steven capobianco of maui is expected to be served with an arrest warrant on monday at maui community correctional center , where he has been held since last month in an unrelated case .
a maui grand jury on friday indicted capobianco on a second-degree murder charge in the death of 27-year-old carly scott , who has never been found .
steven capobianco , right , the ex-boyfriend of carly scott , left , a maui woman who was five months pregnant when she disappeared in february , has been indicted on charges of killing her and torching her suv to cover up the crime .
capobianco is the father of scott 's unborn child and has adamantly denied hurting her .
family members last saw scott in february at her sister 's haiku home .
the makawao woman 's burned 1997 toyota 4runner was later found on the island 's north shore .
capobianco also was indicted on an arson charge .
before the vehicle was located , police found scott 's dog in the nearby community of nahiku .
police later began investigating her disappearance as a homicide .
abandoned : scott 's car was found burnt out and on its side several days after her disappearance .
the body of carly scott , 27 , has never been found , family members last saw her at her sister 's home in february .
capobianco has told hawaii news now he saw scott on the night that her family says she vanished , but had nothing to do with her disappearance .
he said scott picked him up and drove him to his pickup truck , which had broken down in keanae .
he said that after he fixed his truck , scott was driving behind him , but he lost sight of her and figured she arrived safely at her destination .
when capobianco was asked if scott had any ememies , he replied : ` that 's hard for me to say .
i did n't hang .
out with her very often .
but , i mean , she had kind of a mouth on