what 's more exciting than meeting your idol ?
meeting your idol in a starbucks , while wearing a shirt with their name on it , and having your picture uploaded to their instagram account .
one little boy was lucky enough to meet justin verlander , pitcher for the detroit tigers , under those same , once-in-a-lifetime , circumstances .
verlander snapped a selfie in front a little boy wearing a dark blue shirt with verlander 's name and jersey number , 35 , on the back .
scroll down for video .
selfie : detroit tigers pitcher justin verlander -lrb- right -rrb- snapped this selfie in front a little boy wearing a dark blue shirt with verlander 's name and jersey number , 35 , on the back .
instagram : the pitcher uploaded the selfie to his more than 150,000 instagram followers writing : ` love having my fans support !! this little guy was pretty surprised when he turned around ' the pitcher uploaded the selfie to his more than 150,000 instagram followers writing : ` love having my fans support !! this little guy was pretty surprised when he turned around .
' perhaps ` pretty surprised ' is an understatement when a little boy meets his idol , but we 'll take verlander 's word for it .
this is n't the first time a celebrity has snapped a selfie with an unsuspecting fan .
in january , former philadelphia phillies pitcher roy halladay tweeted a photo to his more than 40,000 twitter followers of himself in front of a fan who wore a red shirt with the former player 's name and jersey number on the back .
this guy was n't so lucky .
apparently , halladay did n't meet the fan , he tweeted : ` oopps you missed me !
walked right by me !
hope he gets to see his pic with me on twitter , he does n't know we took this .
' fan : in january , former philadelphia phillies pitcher roy halladay -lrb- right -rrb- tweeted a photo of himself in front of a fan -lrb- left -rrb- who wore a red shirt with the former player 's name and jersey number on the back .
` full house ' star john stamos , who played uncle jessie , stopped by his tv home in