police officers must record the stops they carry out on motorists amid fears they are unfairly targeting ethnic drivers , a watchdog has said .
her majesty 's inspectorate of constabulary -lrb- hmic -rrb- made the recommendation after finding that black and minority ethnic motorists were disproportionately affected by vehicle stops .
forces are currently not required to make official records of vehicle stops .
but a survey by the police watchdog found 7-8 per cent of white drivers were stopped in the last two years , compared to up to 14 per cent of black drivers .
hmic has recommended that all vehicle stops are officially recorded .
police are not currently required to do so but the watchdog found 7-8 per cent of white drivers were stopped in the last two years , compared to up to 14 per cent of black drivers .
but white drivers were more likely to be arrested , given a fixed penalty notice , be summonsed or prosecuted -- suggesting ethnic motorists were ` more likely to be stopped for no reason ' , the report found .
police made no attempt to assess if they were using their powers fairly , it said .
police forces have also made ` disappointingly slow progress ' in improving their use of stop and search powers , said hmic .
government inspectors warned in 2013 that more than a quarter of police stop and searches were unlawful -- equivalent to 250,000 of the one million people every year being subjected to searches which did not stick to the rules .
legally nobody should be stopped unless there is ` reasonable suspicion ' they are guilty of carrying drugs , weapons or intending to commit a crime .
but the latest hmic report said good progress had been made on only one of 10 recommendations inspectors made in 2013 - the use of technology to record stop and search encounters between the police and a suspect .
hmic chief stephen otter said : ` too many police leaders and officers still do n't seem to understand the impact that the use of powers to stop and search people can have on the lives of many people , especially young people and those who are from black and minority ethnic backgrounds .
` this is disappointing because getting it wrong can lead to resentment , anger