by .
graham smith .
published : .
05:49 est , 18 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
07:02 est , 18 october 2012 .
the leader of an islamist group has been named as a commander in last month 's attack on the u.s. consulate in benghazi that killed three americans including ambassador christopher stevens .
ahmed abu khattala , who heads the benghazi-based ansar al-sharia group , was closely involved in the september 11 assault , according to libyan authorities .
witnesses said they saw abu khattala lead the fatal assault , although his exact role has not been made clear .
suspect : ahmed abu khattala , who heads the ansar al-sharia group , was closely involved in the september 11 assault on the u.s. embassy in benghazi , according to libyan authorities .
ablaze : the fighters who attacked the u.s. consulate came armed with machine guns , rocket-propelled grenades and mortars .
rage : a protester hols his rifle during the assault on the benghazi consulate .
the claims further link ansar al-sharia to the attack , the aftermath of which has triggered a diplomatic war of words between barack obama and mitt romney in the final run-up to next month 's presidential election .
khattala remains at large and has yet to be questioned in relation to the consulate blaze .
a u.s. official last week said the obama administration is tracking khattala , but added that the assault was likely to have been an organised group effort and not the brainchild of one man .
the official told the new york times : ` ansar al-sharia is not only a shadowy group , it 's also quite factionalised .
there is n't necessarily one overall military commander of the group .
' khattala was a member of the islamist opposition when muammar gaddaffi was alive and was imprisoned in the notorious abu salim jail .
he was released last year and helped the rebels topple gaddafi from power .
he then formed ansar al-sharia - which means ` supporters of islamic law ' - with other like-minded former political prisoners .
the group now numbers between 100 and 200 fighters .
killed : ambassador christopher stevens -lrb- left -rrb- died following smoke inhalation , while agent sean smith -lrb- right -rrb- died in a desperate battle to save hi , .