by .
luke salkeld .
gazing into the camera , dana the orang-utan cradles her newborn daughter protectively .
it is a remarkable image , made all the more remarkable by the fact that it would not have existed at all without the pioneering fertility treatment dana received from an obstetrician whose usual patients are human .
experts had feared the 25-year-old sumatran ape , who lives at durrell wildlife conservation trust in jersey , would never conceive again .
scroll down for preview .
bond : dana cuddles her newborn baby in never-before-seen footage of a sumatran orangutan giving birth .
look of love : the footage of the birth was taken at jersey 's durrell wildlife conservation trust .
she had suffered a stillbirth in 2009 , which left her with blocked fallopian tubes .
but neil maclachlan , head obstetrician at jersey general hospital , was determined to make dana a mother .
the reproductive system of the orang-utan is very similar to that of a woman , and mr maclachlan had been called in to carry out a caesarean section on one at the trust ten years before .
he volunteered his services for dana , and over the next few years performed several operations to help clear the blockages .
his treatment -- believed to be a world first -- resulted in the birth of m3236 , as the baby is officially known , on june 9 .
see the birth on bbc one sunday july 14 , 3.30 pm .
find out more here .
historic : it is believed to be the first time a live orangutan birth has been filmed .
conservation : the remarkable footage features in bbc documentary refugees of the lost rain forest .
mother and child : dana relaxes in the long grass while cradling her newborn infant .
in another first , it was filmed for bbc documentary refugees of the lost rain forest , using a camera hidden in a wooden box .
after a labour lasting an hour and three quarters , dana delivered the baby herself , cleared her airways with her mouth and checked her new daughter 's fingers and toes .
knowing she was being observed by the park 's staff , she went over to her trusted keeper and showed him the baby .
she is being referred to temporarily as