volunteers in the operation santa program and the alaska national guard brought christmas to the remote inupiat eskimo community of shishmaref , on alaska 's western coast .
but instead of a sled pulled by flying reindeer , mr and mrs claus touched down on the snow-covered surface aboard a u.s. air force c-130 hercules jet .
children received toys , coats , school supplies and the rare treats of apples and oranges along with ice cream during the saturday visit .
scroll down for video .
touch down : santa and mrs claus get off a military transport plane in shishmaref , alaska .
'' cause everybody loves ice cream , ' said cheyenne nayokpuk , a 17-year-old senior , when asked why anyone living 25 miles south of the arctic circle would want the cold treat .
it 's the 58th year for the program to bring a little holiday cheer to remote alaska villages , where poverty is widespread .
` for some of these kids , if it were n't for the toys we 're delivering , they might not get a toy or anything at christmas , ' said maj. george baker , divisional commander for the salvation army in alaska .
` in many respects , some of these village areas are almost like third world villages , and a lot people do n't understand that , ' he said .
aerial view : this photo taken december 6 shows a propeller from the cockpit of a c130 military transport plane flying over the alaska range .
remote : here the community of shishmaref , alaska , can be seen .
greetings : once they had touched down , mr and mrs claus took gifts to around 300 children .
smile !
this child is unsure of what to make of santa as he sits on his lap .
your turn : besides shishmaref , the other village that received a visit this year was newtok .
` you think we 're living in the united states , but for a lot of these folks , this makes christmas for them .
were it not for -lrb- operation -rrb- santa , they might not have anything .
' besides shishmaref , the other village that received a visit this year was newtok .
both are among alaska 's most eroded villages ; both have