by .
jennifer smith .
published : .
09:42 est , 24 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:07 est , 27 august 2013 .
a scottish artist has produced an astonishingly lifelike collection of portraits using nothing more than charcoal and paper .
douglas mcdougall from glasgow created the drawings of good friends and people who he would simply like to know better as a ` way of encapsulating and understanding the ongoing museum of human experience .
' mr mcdougall uses charcoal and scalpel blades to achieve the ultra realistic finish of his drawings .
the collection features good friends of the artist and people he would like to get to know better .
mr mcdougall learned how to draw as a child when suffering a blood disease which landed him in hospital .
after sketching the portraits with charcoal , the artist textures the paper with scalpel blades , sharp cut erasers and sandpaper .
the end result is a hyper-realistic image which can easily be mistaken for a black and white photograph .
mr mcdougall 's depiction of weathered skin and grey hair is particularly lifelike .
` creative surrogacy ' : mr mcdougall describes his unusual introduction to art as a child drawing tubes and wires from his hospital bed .
` by carving into the paper one can feel the power , and the magic and the luck .
the face is a mirror of the soul , for better or worse .
` portraiture is my way of encapsulating and understanding the ongoing museum of human experience , to show who we really are .
mr mcdougall said he 's able to feel a certain kind of magic by using charcoal and blades to cut into paper .
mr mcdougall talks about an ` intimacy deficit ' on his blog after describing the ` removal of my natural parents ' mr mcdougall talks about an ` intimacy deficit ' on his blog after describing the ` removal of my natural parents ' each portrait is a study into the personality of the subject which ultimately links to the timeline of mortality , says mr mcdougall .
mr mcdougall , 50 , learned to draw as a child after being forced in and out of hospital with a blood disease .
he used the countless hours spent in hospital wards to sketch