by .
neil sears .
a matter of trust : british president and ceo of formula one racing bernie ecclestone and his ex-wife slavica .
bernie ecclestone is accused today of avoiding a potential # 1billion-plus tax bill after the uk tax authorities scrapped an inquiry in return for just # 10million .
but the secret deal could now be overturned -- and formula one supremo mr ecclestone , 83 , could again face a colossal tax bill -- thanks to associated claims that his ex-wife slavica mysteriously pays him # 60million a year .
her majesty 's revenue and customs last night refused to discuss the allegation that it spent nine years probing the tycoon 's affairs and links with offshore family trusts before quietly reaching an agreement .
but the case focuses a fresh spotlight on complaints that the taxman is all too ready to agree ` sweetheart deals ' with the super-rich and big businesses .
last night shadow attorney general emily thornberry called for a new investigation into mr ecclestone and his family trusts by hmrc , saying that # 10million was insignificant compared to potential tax bills .
mr ecclestone refused to answer detailed questions about his tax affairs but insisted that he had always paid his fair share and denied any wrongdoing .
his tangled financial affairs are under scrutiny in a german court where he is charged with giving banker gerhard gribkowsky a # 27million bribe to ensure formula one shares were sold to a company which supported mr ecclestone .
gribkowsky has already been jailed for eight and a half years over the cash , half of which appeared to have come from mr ecclestone , and half from the family trusts .
crucially , fabulously wealthy sports mogul mr ecclestone admits making a huge payment , but denies it was a bribe , instead claiming he was being blackmailed by gribkowsky .
the banker , he says , was threatening to make untrue allegations to hmrc which could have cost him a fortune .
his potential tax bill hinges on offshore family trusts established by mr ecclestone in 1996 , when he handed over ownership of his formula one holdings .
the trusts -- which have links to tax havens including liechtenstein , jersey , and elsewhere offshore -- reputedly contain several billion pounds in profits from tv rights sales ,