more than a dozen men who survived the worst sea disaster in u.s. naval history - the world war ii sinking of the uss indianapolis - have gathered in the cruiser 's namesake city for the final large-scale reunion of the famed ship 's dwindling number of survivors .
thirty-eight of the 317 men who survived the ship 's july 1945 sinking and five days in the pacific 's shark-infested waters are still alive , but they 're now in their late 80s and early 90s and many use wheelchairs .
harold bray , an 86-year-old from benicia , calif. , said he and the 14 other survivors attending this year 's reunion decided friday that any future gatherings will be smaller and less frequent because so many of the survivors are in poor health .
doomed : the uss indianapolis was sunk by a japanese torpedo in the south pacific in 1945 .
many crewman survived the blast only to be eaten by sharks .
` we decided to stay together until the last guy 's standing , but the goal is to continue at a smaller scale , ' said bray , chairman of the uss indianapolis survivors organization .
` some of the guys are in wheelchairs now and travel is pretty tough for them .
' bray said the survivors will nonetheless keep telling the story of the ship 's sinking , their survival and the role they played in helping bring the war to a close .
the uss indianapolis was halfway between guam and the philippines in shark-filled waters when a japanese submarine sank it with torpedoes on july 30 , 1945 , in the war 's closing weeks .
` whoom .
up in the air i went , ' loel dean cox , who was just 19 when the ship was torpedo , told the bbc about the first explosion .
` there was water , debris , fire , everything .
just coming up and we were 81ft -lrb- 25m -rrb- from the water line .
it was a .
tremendous explosion .
then , about the time i got to my knees , another .
one hit .
whoom ' the second torpedo nearly tore the ship in half .
cox said fires raged below deck as the ship began listing onto its side .
rescue : of the 1,197