a mineral formed by biological processes has been found in rocks that were 12 miles -lrb- 20km -rrb- beneath earth 's surface 100 million years ago .
if the finding is confirmed , it will be among the deepest signs of life ever discovered .
and it could also have implications for life on other worlds , suggesting that more regions of earth are habitable than we anticipated .
scientists from yale university have found evidence for ancient underground life .
a mineral called aragonite -lrb- stock image shown -rrb- was found in rocks that are now on the surface .
a specific mix of carbon isotopes suggests the aragonite found came from subsurface methane made by microorganisms .
the finding was made by a team from yale university on washington state 's lopez island .
the mineral found in the rocks was something known as aragonite , which can form both biologically and by natural processes .
however , in this instance the scientists found a specific mix of carbon isotopes that indicate it has biological origins .
back in june 2011 scientists were left stunned by the discovery of a worm that lives deeper than any known animal on earth .
the discovery of halicephalobus mephisto , a new species , 2.2 miles -lrb- 3.5 km -rrb- below the surface in a south african gold mine amazed scientists as it had previously been thought that only single-celled bacteria could survive at such depths .
the worm - a bacteria-feeding nermtode that is just 0.02 inches -lrb- 0.5 mm -rrb- long - was found at various depths of between 0.6 and 2.2 miles -lrb- 0.97 and 3.5 km -rrb- .
it lives in the 48 °c -lrb- 118 °f -rrb- water that seeps between cracks that are deep below the surface .
` it 's like finding moby dick in lake ontario , ' lead researcher dr tullis onstott , of princeton university said at the time .
carbon dating suggested they have lived at such depths for between 3,000 and 10,000 years in an environment with just 1 per cent the oxygen levels found in oceans .
the worms may have originated on the surface but were washed down into the cracks of earth 's crust by ancient rainwater .
the findings suggest this aragonite came from methane made by microorganisms .
` these really light signals are