by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
21:26 est , 17 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
05:35 est , 18 october 2012 .
the parents of two kindergarteners who .
allegedly wandered from their classroom and boarded a subway car for two .
hours say it was a neighbour who first spotted and notified them and not their school .
it was a neighbour 's frantic phone call that notified the parents of ameen smith , 5 , and zavier mcintyre , 6 , after seeing the boys wandering the streets of philadelphia alone .
` to say that my son 's there even though you do n't know if he 's there or not , ' zavier 's mother marsheedah thomas told nbc10 of the school 's handling .
' i had to call you to make sure , to see that my son was there .
' recovered : ameen smith , 5 , and zavier mcintyre , 6 , both kindergarteners at m. hall stanton school were found on the streets of philadelphia after wandering from their classroom .
the boys ' teacher at m. hall stanton school admitted to having seen the pair leave her classroom around 11.30 but said she did n't give chase so as to not leave her other students alone .
the teacher is said to have instead called the school 's front desk to report the boys ' exit whose front door was unmanned by a parent volunteer at the time .
` these kids walked right past the office out the front door and nobody seen it , ' zavier 's grandmother phylis thomas told nbc10 .
` something needs to be done in that school .
' both boys were recovered safely about a mile away after the parents say they rode the broad street line subway .
witnessed : the boys ' teacher said that she saw the boys leave her classroom but she did n't give chase because she did n't want to abandon her other students at the school , pictured .
dangerous walk : after over two hours alone after exiting the school , whose opposite street is pictured with broken windows and boarded doors , they were found a mile away .
the school argues that , however , stating that the boys walked to broad street and allegheny