a little girl with down 's syndrome has learnt to walk , talk and even dance - all through copying her big sister .
two-year-old ellie harrington , from ely , cambridgeshire , has started walking early in order to keep up with four-year-old sister evie .
their parents , lisa moden , 42 and mark harrington , 43 , say it 's the desire to be like her sister that has helped ellie to develop so quickly .
ellie harrington , 2 , has learnt to walk , talk and even dance through copying her four-year-old sister evie .
the pair play together 24/7 and love dressing up as princesses , their mother said .
` evie 's relationship with ellie is very special , very close ' it is known that children with down 's syndrome are visual learners , so being able to copy evie has helped ellie 's development .
ms moden said : ' i believe the main reason ellie began walking early was because she desperately wanted to keep up with evie .
` ellie 's muscle tone was very good , so she had a good head start with being able to follow her sister .
` children with down 's syndrome are visual learners , so its great for ellie to have a 24/7 playmate .
` the girls are inseparable , if evie put on a princess dress on from her fancy dress box then ellie will copy .
` they just love playing with each other , they are a little double act .
` evie told me that when she grows up she wants to live with ellie forever .
it melted my heart .
' children with down 's syndrome usually learn and progress more slowly than most other children , although the level of learning disability will be different for each child .
it is known that children with down 's syndrome are visual learners , and so copying a sibling can help their development .
ms moden says she could n't be happier with the progress ellie is making at such a young age .
she said : ` evie is constantly talking to her little sister so it 's no surprise that at just two-years-old she 's already pronouncing certain words .
their mother , lisa moden , said : ' i believe the main