a mother is suing her local council over claims it ignored complaints of bullying that she says left her autistic daughter with post-traumatic stress disorder .
tracy stratton said her daughter , tianni , suffered physical attacks and verbal abuse at greenacres primary school in eltham , south east london .
she claims the seven-year-old has been left so traumatised that she has almost stopped talking and is afraid to leave the house .
a psychologist diagnosed tianni with ptsd , she added .
bullied : tracy stratton claims seven-year-old tianni -lrb- pictured together -rrb- has been left so traumatised that she has almost stopped talking and is afraid to leave the house .
a psychologist diagnosed tianni with ptsd , she added .
ms stratton is now claiming damages from the royal borough of greenwich council , after she says the school ignored at least five reports of bulling .
the 45-year-old said tianni ` absolutely adored ' school when she first started last april but that signs of trouble emerged just four weeks later when her daughter started to become more reserved .
worried her daughter was being picked on , ms stratton said she approached staff at the school but that they refused to listen to her concerns .
one one occasion , ms stratton said her daughter , who is half asian , wore sun cream in an attempt to change the colour of her skin .
victim : tianni , suffered physical attacks and verbal abuse at greenacres primary school in eltham , south east london , her mother claims .
she said : ` on the walk home from school she put sun cream on .
she has beautiful brown skin .
` she put a big dollop of sun cream on her arm and said , ` look mum i 'm white , i 'm english now '' .
' i wiped it off and said , `` you are english , you have beautiful brown skin , anytime anyone says that remember one thing : brown is beautiful and do n't let anyone else tell you different '' .
' i wanted to burst into tears .
' but the full-time mother said she only realised the full extent of the bullying when she saw her daughter being attacked in the playground shortly before the start of the school summer holidays .