physicists say they are now confident they have discovered a long-sought subatomic particle known as a higgs boson .
the european organization for nuclear research , or cern , says a look at all the data from 2012 shows that what they found last year was a version of what is popularly referred to as the ` god particle ' .
cern physicist joe incandela said today that ` it is clear that we are dealing with a higgs boson though we still have a long way to go to know what kind of higgs boson it is .
' cern , the world 's largest particle physics laboratory in geneva , switzerland , where experts today confrimed they had found the higgs boson or ` god particle ' the long-theorized subatomic particle would explain why matter has mass .
it is considered a missing cornerstone of physics .
last july scientists with the world 's largest atom-smasher announced finding a particle they described as higgs-like .
earlier this week researchers ruled out the finding being a ` super higgs ' that some cosmologists had hoped might open up more exotic secrets of the universe .
` it does look like the sm -lrb- standard model -rrb- higgs boson , ' said physicist brian petersen of atlas , one of two research teams working in parallel on the higgs project at cern in switzerland .
his assertion , on a slide presentation to a conference at cern and posted on the internet , was echoed by the other group .
` so far , it is looking like an sm higgs boson , ' said slides from colin bernet of cms .
the two groups work separately and without comparing findings to ensure their conclusions are reached independently .
it has been assumed since the triumphant announcement last june that a new particle spotted at cerns 's large hadron collider -lrb- lhc -rrb- was the higgs , named after british theoretical physicist peter higgs , that , theories say , gave mass to matter after the big bang 13.7 billion years ago .
one of the proton-proton collisions measured in the compact muon solenoid -lrb- cms -rrb- experience in the search for the higgs boson .
a confirmed discovery of the higgs boson , which could happen this year , would likely win a nobel prize .
meeting at cern