by .
margot peppers .
angelina jolie turned 39 on wednesday , but thanks to her flawless skin she does n't seem to have aged in years .
now , according to us weekly , the secret to her youthful appearance has been revealed : an $ 800 treatment called the triad facial , administered by new york dermatologist david colbert , which combines microdermabrasion , laser and a glycoloic peel .
dr colbert , whose office is in manhattan , has also treated naomi watts , michelle williams and rachel weisz , all of whom are fans of the triad facial .
skin secret : angelina jolie , 39 , -lrb- pictured on tuesday -rrb- reportedly owes her flawless complexion to the triad facial , an $ 800 treatment developed by new york dermatologist david colbert .
magic formula : the facial combines microdermabrasion , laser and a glycoloic peel .
angelina reportedly first met dr colbert in 2010 on the set of salt , where he treated her for a minor cut .
since then , she has come to swear by his 30-minute treatments .
the oscar winner also uses dr colbert 's line of skincare products , which range in price from $ 52 for a purifying cleanser to $ 165 for night cream .
according to his website , the triad facial is a three-part process : gentle microdermabrasion to remove dead skin cells , then laser toning to even pigmentation , and finally a gentle chemical peel that ` imparts a fresh , youthful radiance and silkiness to skin .
' it can cost between $ 800 and $ 1,200 , depending on the type and strength of the chemical peel as well as the number of laser pulses performed .
get the look : dr colbert , whose office is in manhattan , also has a line of skincare products , with prices ranging from $ 52 to $ 165 .
one of the benefits of the treatment is that it does n't produce redness , which means a-listers can have it last-minute before attending important events .
` it gives immediate results and , most importantly , there 's no downtime , ' the dermatologist told the hollywood reporter .
dr colbert first gained attention in 2010 , after naomi watts said in life & style magazine that she credited his skin