a 3d printing company has created a prosthetic leg for a goose after it was left struggling for self confidence following an amputation .
ozzie the goose was close to being put down numerous times after he broke his leg and it was amputated at the joint .
but an animal lover 's appeal for help led to a south african tech company stepping in to manufacture him a brand new limb .
ozzie the goose has his stump measurements taken as bunnycorp works to design him a new leg .
ozzie 's new 3d printed leg -lrb- pictured -rrb- was designed in the shape and size of a goose leg to fit him perfectly .
philip van der walt , director of bunnycorp , said it was a few weeks ago when his company ` got word of a goose with a situation ' .
he said : ` he broke his leg and it had to be amputated at the joint .
` he was lucky as animal lover and rescuer sue burger got hold of him and started nursing him back to health .
as time went by he struggled more and more to cope with only one leg resulting in damaged wings and self confidence .
` they considered ending his struggle many times but always decided not to .
` out of desperation , sue managed to get onto the national radio station here and called -lrb- south african broadcaster -rrb- rsg in the hope someone would hear their plea and be able to assist them somehow .
` helen from 3d printing systems contacted me a few days later telling me about someone who is looking for help , as she normally sends us medical related queries .
the prosthetic limb is composed of several parts and replacement pieces which comprise his new leg .
after creating specific design files , a 3d printer was used to manufacture the new limb -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
` we soon discovered that it was the same person from the radio .
we contacted sue and told her we would look into it and see if we can get something off the ground .
' mr van der walt then gathered up sponsors to help fund what is believed to be the first 3d-printed prosthetic limb for an animal in south africa .
he added : `