by .
david mccormack .
published : .
01:56 est , 16 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:07 est , 16 january 2013 .
an ex-employee is suing the giorgio armani corporation , claiming the company ignored her sexual harassment complaints against a female boss who she claims dropped her trousers and exposed herself to her in a private office .
executive assistant kelle azzopardi claims she endured months of harassment from ex-boss laura giulini , who was then senior vice president for wholesale apparel at the luxury brand .
in a wrongful-termination suit filed monday in manhattan supreme court , azzopardi claims giulini summoned her to a private office , closed the door , ` then proceeded to take off her pants and expose herself .
' former armani svp laura giulini , both pictures , is accused of sexual harassment and of exposing herself to kelle azzopardi .
when azzopardi turned her head away , giulini told her : ` you do n't have to do that .
i 'm not a prude , ' according to the suit .
azzopardi says she repeatedly complained to the human resources department at the company 's fifth ave. offices in manhattan , new york about giulini 's behavior , but her complaints were ignored .
she was eventually fired in november and claims it was as a result of her complaints .
giulini had left armani the month before to become managing director of the french luxury goods company zadig & voltaire .
azzopardi claims giulini began harassing her soon after she joined the company in october 2011 as an executive assistant and ` ramped up her unconscionable behavior ' after the episode of exposing herself in the private office .
the giorgio armani corporation 's fifth ave. offices .
giulini left armani last october to become managing director of the french luxury goods company zadig & voltaire .
in her wrongful-termination suit , azzopardi claims that giulini ` trumped up negative reports ' about her work .
she also says she was forced to sign a report ` confirming ' giulini 's claim that her work was not up to scratch .
azzopardi claims that the harassment continued even as giulini was leaving the company .
at a going-away party last october for giulini , which was widely attended by armani employees , giulini called azzopardi