gary neville says fans must forget about the ` manchester united way ' and place their trust in manager louis van gaal 's philosophy .
the 20-time english champions have struggled for consistency this season after the dutchman replaced david moyes in the summer , but still lie third in the premier league table .
van gaal has been criticised by supporters and pundits alike for his tactical stubbornness , with many suggesting he should revert to a quicker style of play to mirror sir alex ferguson 's great side .
manchester united must get used to their new style of play under louis van gaal , according to gary neville .
the former united defender says fans need to let go of the sir alex ferguson reign .
marouane fellaini celebrates after scoring the second goal against preston in the fa cup on monday night .
but former defender and sky sports pundit neville insists the ferguson reign should be forgotten if united want to move forward .
` the time has come for manchester united fans -- me included -- to let go of the sir alex ferguson reign and stop judging this new era by former glories , ' neville said in the telegraph .
` the style of play and the names have changed , but the one person not confused by the team 's development will be louis van gaal .
` i 've never been a manager , but i personally believe in attacking football , with a high tempo .
if united were committed to protecting that style of play at all costs they should have appointed a manager with those beliefs .
but there was no way van gaal was going to come to manchester united and adopt somebody else 's philosophy .
` it 's a bit like breaking up with a partner of 26 years and wanting the new person to be the same as the old one .
they -- we -- are going to have to let go .
the idea of referencing ferguson or saying `` it 's not the manchester united way '' at every turn stylistically is not going to take manchester united anywhere .
' -lrb- from l to r -rrb- - daley blind , robin van persie , juan mata , marcos rojo and radamel falcao during training .
captain wayne rooney watches