the calm dignity of the occasion was in stark contrast to the chaotic horror that had unfolded on a street in london .
hundreds of mourners gathered to pay their respects as the coffin bearing the body of fusilier lee rigby arrived at the church where his funeral will be held today .
fusilier rigby , 25 , was hacked to death in broad daylight outside woolwich barracks on may 22 .
his loved ones gathered around his coffin before his comrades at arms began an overnight vigil at bury parish church in greater manchester .
members of the public applauded as the funeral hearse passed while relatives wept as they followed the coffin into the church , and supported each other as the walked along .
fusilier rigby , 25 , a drummer in the 2nd battalion royal regiment of fusiliers , was killed as he returned to woolwich barracks from the tower of london .
scroll down for video .
a sad day : lee rigby 's coffin arrived at bury parish church ahead of an all-night vigil on the eve of the fusilier 's funeral .
pall bearers carry the coffin of fusilier lee rigby into bury parish church for an overnight vigil .
drummer rigby , of the royal regiment of fusiliers , was killed near his army barracks in london in may earlier this year .
past soldiers of the regiment lined the route to bury parish church for the vigil to begin .
the father-of-one had served in .
afghanistan and was attached to the regimental recruiting team when he .
was attacked in the south london street .
his coffin has been draped in a union jack flag , and soldiers have marched and stood in a procession outside the hearse .
ahead of the procession was a corp of two dozen drummers in scarlet tunics marching to a beat .
further up the street elderly veterans proudly wearing their campaign medals and blazers formed a group of standard bearers their flags held aloft then dropped in honour as the cortege passed .
vigil : hundreds of well-wishers lined the streets of bury and applauded as fusilier rigby 's hearse drove past .
poignant : the hearse was proceeded by a drummer corp and soldiers bowed their head as the procession went passed .
solemn : the streets of bury were packed as