by .
ruth styles at london fashion week .
published : .
13:35 est , 15 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:07 est , 16 september 2013 .
like fellow designer-turned-activist katharine hamnett , vivienne westwood has never been afraid to reveal her political views in public .
and so it was with her latest catwalk show which ultimately said more about her views on climate change -lrb- bad !
-rrb- than it did about what we 'll be wearing come next summer .
of course , there was an element of that - how could there not be - and what appeared turned out to be vintage vivienne .
scroll down for video .
eco-friendly : vivienne westwood often uses clothes to make political statements , as in this instance .
modern classics : underneath the hair and make-up was well-executed tailoring and pretty garden florals .
the well-executed tailoring was present and correct , with a beautifully structured black pea coat revealing that dame vivienne 's dab hand with the scissors has in no way diminished with age .
then there were shorts , in bright pumpkin orange and cool camel , that could easily be imagined into a holiday suitcase to be thrown on with a t-shirt or cosy knit .
dresses too boasted westwood 's trademark tailoring and came in the shape of office-friendly shifts and red carpet ready floral gowns .
another , a delicate baroque bandeau , was worn over a t-shirt loudly proclaiming the words ` climate change ' .
this is where westwood began to come unstuck .
rather than drawing attention to her message - and it is a good one - it jarred with the delicate dress .
wearable : despite the climate change message , westwood offered up a positive vision for s/s14 .
starring role : flame haired model lily cole was handed a central role in proceedings , which included a dance .
ethereal : lily cole 's floating dance moves formed a central part of the show at london 's german gymnasium .
daywear : a neatly tailored navy shift dress .
accessories : westwood 's bags and boots were a highlight .
tailoring : a structured coat showed westwood 's talent .
then came lily cole .
cole , now a rare sight on the catwalk , returned to perform a bizarre