denise van outen will cycle 250 miles across vietnam and cambodia in january .
she was one of the original ladettes , but now denise van outen is a poster girl for charity sporting challenges .
the former big breakfast presenter has signed up for an epic eight-day 250-mile cycle ride across vietnam and cambodia in january to raise money for great ormond street hospital .
it 's just the latest in a string of hard slogs .
denise has climbed mount kilimanjaro and trekked the great wall of china , and in 2012 completed a 180-mile cycle ride across india to help the hospital .
she will be accompanied on the latest challenge by tv friends lydia bright from the only way is essex and zoe hardman from take me out , and their publicist friend kirsty williams .
the friends are putting the training hours in on country roads -- often around essex -- most weekends , and taking indoor spinning classes .
they 've also been experimenting with foods to eat on the bike , such as flapjacks and energy bars .
as a result denise , who recently turned 40 , says she is now fitter than she was in her 20s .
the former big breakfast presenter trekked up kilimanjaro , in tanzania , for comic relief in 2009 .
drinking in moderation does not cause a beer belly .
refreshing news for beer lovers -- drinking in moderation does not lead to a beer belly .
in a study , more than 2,000 participants were given a ` food frequency ' questionnaire and asked to list their intake of foods and beverages in an average week .
the researchers also measured their waist and hips and found that there was no significant correlation between moderate intake of beer -lrb- just over a pint a day for men or half a pint for women -rrb- and higher waist circumference .
` the conclusion is that beer seems to play no role in the so-called beer belly , ' says dr corina zugravu of bucharest university , where the study was carried out .
` it may just be a scapegoat for men who put on weight , which is often due to eating fatty foods and low exercise levels .
' the world health organisation recommends a waist circumference under 37in for men and 31in