police are hunting for a missing beauty queen due to fly to london later this week for miss world 2014 .
reigning miss honduras maria jose alvarado , 19 , vanished with her sister sofia after a friend 's birthday party in their home town of santa barbara , last thursday .
police have said the girls ' disappearance is not being treated as a crime , but today it emerged four people , including her sister 's boyfriend have been arrested .
scroll down for video .
miss honduras maria jose alvarado , 19 , was last seen getting into a vehicle after a birthday party in her home town of santa barbara , west honduras .
the missing women were last seen getting into a vehicle as they left the party .
police chief jose coello originally said they were not treating the pair 's disappearance as a crime , but confirmed the four arrests .
` four people are under arrest .
they include the owner of the party venue and sofia trinidad 's boyfriend .
they are being investigated , ' mr coello said .
the case has caused consternation in the notoriously violent central american country , home to the most dangerous city on the planet .
san pedro sula , just over 30 miles from santa barbara , is the murder capital of the world with more than 1,200 killings a year among its nearly one million inhabitants .
its murder rate of 169 per 100,000 people far surpasses anything in north america or much larger cities like lagos or sao paulo .
missing beauty : miss alvarado was due to fly to london this week , to compete in miss world on thursday .
four people have been arrested in connection with the disappearance of miss alvarado and her sister sofia -lrb- pictured left -rrb- , including sofia 's boyfriend .
maria jose describes herself on a miss world website profile as an aspiring diplomat who enjoys playing volleyball and football in her spare time .
the honduran city of san pedro sula , honduras , tops the list of the world 's most violent places on earth .
at least three murders are reported each day in the coffee-exporting nation , mostly at the hands of vicious gangs and drug cartels who operate freely in an area of lawlessness , poverty and