by .
craig hope .
follow @@ craighope01 .
newcastle united 's signing of remy cabella was confirmed during sunday 's world cup final .
his # 12m arrival from montpellier slipped under the radar somewhat given the timing .
but worry not , sportsmail is here to tell you everything you need to know about the highly-rated newcomer to the premier league ... new boy : remy cabella poses with his newcastle shirt inside st james ' park after sealing his # 12million move .
in a nutshell , who is he ?
in short , he 's a 24-year-old french international who plays as an attacking midfielder .
he came through the ranks at montpellier and left having scored 28 times from 115 outings .
france international ?
sounds like a bit of coup for the magpies ?
it certainly is and it 's surprising there was n't more of a scramble for his signature .
he was included in the france world cup squad as a late replacement for the injured clement grenier and we suspect newcastle were praying he did n't get on , for he might just have alerted others to his talents .
thankfully for alan pardew -- who had been tracking the schemer for some time - cabella remained on the bench in brazil and france eventually exited at the quarter-final stage against germany .
big stage : cabella -lrb- right -rrb- was part of france 's world cup squad but failed to make an appearance for les bleus .
so he is n't established in the france squad yet ?
he made his debut in a world cup warm-up fixture against norway as a second-half replacement for former newcastle midfielder yohan cabaye -- who persuaded him to move to st james ' park - but he missed out on the initial squad for brazil .
he still just has the one cap to his name but time is on his side and he will be more involved when france begin preparations for the european championships in september .
do n't forget , 26-year-old adam lallana was n't an established england international until earlier this year and he 's just joined liverpool for # 25m .
you mention lallana , is he similar in style ?
well , they 're about the same size -lrb- cabella is 5ft7in , lallana 5ft 8in -rrb-