by .
ryan gorman .
tornado alley is about to come out of .
hibernation with a ` significant multi-day severe event ' that may match .
all-time historic tornado outbreaks .
forecasters are predicting severe storms across arkansas , louisiana , oklahoma and texas from saturday to monday that are expected to produce strong tornadoes impacting millions of people .
the confluence of a low pressure system and moisture from the gulf of mexico are forecast to fuel supercell thunderstorms that will produce heavy rain , damaging winds , hail and deadly twisters .
the storm front will move across the rocky mountains and into the southern plains by saturday morning before strengthening on the back of gulf moisture before moving east , according to the national weather service 's storm prediction center .
waking up : an abnormally quiet tornado season is expected to wake up with a bang from texas to arkansas .
saturday night will bring the first severe weather threat , but sunday night is when the worst of the storms and tornadoes is expected to occur .
the twisters may touch down in the highly populated metro areas of dallas , kansas city and omaha before shifting east towards st louis , memphis , nashville and baton rouge , noaa said .
historical comparisons to the current forecast by slate have led to even more grim predictions .
` when you match the forecasted pattern for sunday ... a few of the most infamous tornado outbreaks in decades appear , ' the site said .
some of those outbreaks include an 88 tornado event across 12 states in april 2010 that , at one point , spawned an ef4 tornado that killed 10 , injured hundreds was almost two miles wide during the height of its 150-mile-long path of destruction .
tornadoes are measured from one to five on the fujita scale , with five being the most devastating .
an april 1991 outbreak that killed nearly two dozen people between texas and iowa included an ef5 tornado that levelled the town of andover , kansas .
this has been the ` least active tornado year to date , ' according to the nws .
that is about to change .
anyone living in the areas expected to be affected is encouraged by the federal emergency management agency -lrb- fema -rrb- to prepare accordingly