a boy from sierra leone has been banned from attending a british primary school because ` hysterical ' parents are worried about ebola , his mother said yesterday .
kofi mason-sesay , nine , was due to spend several days at st simon 's catholic primary school in stockport , greater manchester , as part of an annual visit .
but despite being tested for ebola and given the all-clear on his arrival in britain last week , parents mounted a campaign to have kofi 's trip cancelled , saying they feared he could pass on the deadly virus to their children .
scroll down for video .
kofi mason-sesay with his mother miriam , pictured at home yesterday after kofi was banned from school .
public health england have confirmed there is no risk in kofi -lrb- right -rrb- or mrs mason-sesay -lrb- left -rrb- attending the 168 pupil school , but parent power led to the initiative being cancelled by governors .
arrival : a british school has banned nine-year-old kofi mason-sesay , pictured arriving at heathrow airport from from sierra leone last week , because parents feared the boy could give his classmates ebola .
school : kofi , who has joint british and sierra leonean nationality , was due to spend several weeks at st simon 's catholic primary school in stockport -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
kofi 's mother , miriam mason-sesay , 48 , who is english , branded the parents ` ignorant ' after headmistress elizabeth inman bowed to the pressure and refused to allow the schoolboy , who has joint sierra leone and british citizenship , to attend classes .
mrs mason-sesay , who moved to sierra leone from london to set up an education charity 14 years ago , said : ` we are being treated like lepers and it 's very sad .
` the school and its governors have been extremely supportive , but i 'm afraid they 've been put under undue pressure by an aggressive minority spreading panic and ignorance about this virus .
` i am a reasonable citizen and mother -- there is no way i would be wandering around with my nine-year-old if he had ebola .
we have had one case in britain , but just one , because we contain it .
anger : parents campaigned against kofi or his british mother miriam