the likes of brad pitt , leonardo dicaprio , anne hathaway and mila kunis may be huge hollywood stars now , but at one point they would have all been struggling actors hoping to get their big break .
and for many young actors a job in an advertisement was the best way to make a quick buck whilst they waited for spielberg to call .
not all jobs in advertising were hugely glamorous , but you 've got to pay the rent some how , right ?
we take a look at the commercials the stars might rather forget ... scroll down for video .
mark ruffalo was in a clearasil advert for facial pads in 1989 as a fresh-faced 22-year-old .
mark ruffalo .
once upon a time , 13 going on 30 and shutter island actor mark ruffalo , now 47 , played a spotty teen -lrb- he was really 22 at the time -rrb- running around the streets in a leopard print waistcoat for clearasil in 1989 .
sporting a curly mop , the ` acne-prone ' ruffalo is distressed with his complexion , and is shown solemnly smearing the clearasil pads on his face with a deadpan expression .
in the next shot , he is back to wreaking havoc on the streets with a cheesy grin .
anne hathaway .
32-year-old brunette beauty anne hathaway may have won an oscar for her role in les misérables , but before hollywood blockbusters were a regular part of her schedule she was starring in adverts for regional phone company , cincinatti bell .
mid-nineties hathaway is seen cringing after a date as she calls her friend on a multi-line phone , while her onscreen mother natters away on another line .
in case you were wondering , her ` date ' does eventually call .
anne hathaway was in a tv ad for internet phone company , cincinatti bell , in the late nineties .
this awkward date advert would have come about 15 years before anne 's oscar success .
leonardo dicaprio .
it might be impossible to imagine the established 40-year-old actor as anything but one of the hollywood greats , but the wolf of wall street star used to make his money in bubblegum adverts .
with a high-pitched voice , bouncy curtains and a goofy checkered blazer , little 14-year-old leo is