by .
leesa smith .
images released have revealed the extent of the damage to the tail of a virgin plane that flew 13 times after a turbulence event on approach to sydney .
the frightening pictures show gaping cracks along the lower left and lower right tailplane of the 68 passenger atr72 turbo-prop , which was removed from service while an inspection was carried out but put back in the air the next day .
an initial investigation by the australian transport safety bureau -lrb- atsb -rrb- found damage ` consistent with an overstress condition ' was likely to have occurred on february 20 .
the virgin plane with cracks under the tail has flown 13 times after experiencing turbulence on approach to sydney .
the plane was back in the air the next day after an inspection was carried out .
it was not until five days later , following a suspected bird strike as the plane descended into albury , that the damage linked to the february 20 event was discovered .
in the five-day period , the plane had already flown 13 more times .
according to the atsb report , it was about 4.40 pm on february 20 when , as the aircraft made its approach to sydney at an altitude of 8500 feet , that ` the crew noticed the air speed going up quickly and the speed trend excessively high ' .
the first officer reduced engine power and used touch-control steering to temporarily disconnect the autopilot before manually raising the nose to control the speed .
but the captain was unsure if the first officer 's control inputs were sufficient to avoid an ` overspeed ' and put one of his hands on the controls and disconnected the autopilot to raise the nose further .
the damage was not found until five days later , following a suspected bird strike as the plane descended into albury .
` the captain believed he indicated his intention to take over control , and while the first officer could not recall it being verbalised , he was aware of the captain 's actions , ' the report says .
` the first officer recalled that he took his hands off the controls , releasing touch-control steering in the process .
shortly after , concerned about a high nose-up attitude , the first officer put his