mastermind : virgin atlantic pilot mark entwistle was jailed for 14 years for orchestrating a # 30m scam .
a virgin atlantic pilot who blew ` prodigious sums ' in las vegas casinos while masterminding a # 30million mortgage fraud has been jailed for 14 years .
innocent families had to leave their homes in and around windsor , berkshire , after they were unwittingly caught up in the scam by 47-year-old mark entwistle .
he and three accomplices tricked top lenders including rbs into issuing mortgages on other people 's houses .
in one case they managed to take out five mortgages on a single property .
but instead of investing in homes , entwistle funded a high-rolling lifestyle which included a platinum membership at vegas casinos bellagio 's and caesar 's palace .
entwistle , an established property developer living in windsor , also frittered away the cash on a luxury boat and paid off other debts - ` robbing peter to pay paul ' - as the housing crisis tightened in 2009 .
he even blew vast sums on the gambling website betfair , southwark crown court heard .
entwistle recruited jonathan gilbert , 45 , to act as his solicitor and mortgage brokers nicholas pomroy , 58 , and matthew robinson , 40 , to process the sophisticated frauds .
the four men were jailed for 34 years between them after a six-month trial as judge martin beddoe branded entwistle ` arrogant and greedy , brazen to the last with no expression of remorse ' .
the judge told him : ` this trial has been nothing but another gamble for you but the odds have proved to be too long this time .
` between 2005 and 2009 a substantial and sophisticated fraud was committed against banks and other lenders , some 14 of them or so .
` the fraud was for the benefit of you , mark entwistle , orchestrated by you and jonathan gilbert and assisted in some ways by mr robinson and mr pomroy .
` only a small amount was ever used for the purposes of the loan , and it was often a case of `` robbing peter to pay paul '' .
partners in crime : entwistle , 47 -lrb- left -rrb- recruited jonathan gilbert , 45 -lrb- right -rrb- to act as his solicitor in the complex