suzanne satterfield , 34 , pleaded guilty in may to child abuse by injury and child neglect .
satterfield was sentenced to 22 years behind bars and pleaded guilty in may to child abuse by injury and child neglect .
court documents say satterfield 's son was held in a dog cage last year for an estimated 14 hours each day .
her co-defendant and common-law husband , .
32-year-old jonathon wade lee , was sentenced last month to 27 years in .
prison for child abuse , along with sexually abusing another of satterfield 's children .
by .
associated press .
and zoe szathmary .
the mother of a four-year-old boy who locked her son inside a dog case has been sentenced .
suzanne satterfield , 34 , of chelsea , oklahoma , was sentenced to 22 years behind bars .
she pleaded guilty in may to child abuse by injury and child neglect .
a district judge in claremore handed down satterfield 's punishment on thursday .
court documents say satterfield 's son was held in a dog cage last year for an estimated 14 hours each day .
sentenced : suzanne satterfield , left , and jonathon wade lee , right , reportedly locked satterfield 's 4-year-old son inside a dog cage .
her co-defendant and common-law husband , 32-year-old jonathon wade lee , was sentenced last month to 27 years in prison for child abuse and sexually abusing another child .
that victim was abused over a two-month period and is one of satterfield 's four children , whom the couple lived with , the claremore progress reported .
the man told authorities that they kept the boy in the cage for discipline and protection .
lee padlocked the boy 's room , according to the progress .
the boy 's condition was revealed by a social worker last october , tulsaworld.com said .
an affidavit obtained by the news site claims satterfield said the dog cage ` was a big mistake , and they went too far .
' district attorney reagan reininger told newson6 , ` it 's really shocking to have a child put in a dog cage the length of time he was in a dog cage for , and that 's what people get shocked about .
' satterfield 's children are now in protective custody , the affiliate station