more than 1,000 people have been questioned by police investigating claims of historic sex abuse , it was revealed yesterday .
the huge number , including suspects , victims and witnesses , lays bare the scale of the task facing detectives .
scotland yard boss sir bernard hogan-howe admitted the wave of allegations is consuming a huge amount of resources .
but he pledged to get to the heart of the claims , no matter who was involved .
scroll down for video .
homes belonging to leon brittan , left , and the former head of the armed forces lord bramall , right , have been searched by police investigating child sex allegations , it has emerged .
his comments came after it was revealed met officers raided the homes of tory grandee leon brittan and a former head of the armed forces last week .
in a series of low-key searches , plain-clothes detectives examined lord brittan 's home in pimlico , central london , and his north yorkshire country retreat .
the rural property , near the picturesque town of leyburn , is in the richmond constituency which he once represented as an mp .
the searches came just six weeks after the former home secretary died aged 75 , triggering claims he attended vip sex ring parties .
officers also attended the home of 91-year-old lord bramall , chief of defence staff until 1985 .
the second world war hero won the military cross for bravery and rose to be britain 's top-ranking army officer .
the team of police , including at least one in body armour , were seen at his # 750,000 stone detached property in crondall , hampshire , near the army town of aldershot .
one onlooker said : ` they were here for most of the day .
there were lots of cars in the driveway .
i 've no idea why they needed so many -- he 's an elderly man .
' the searches took place on the same day as officers searched the leicestershire home of ex-tory mp harvey proctor , 68 , prompting him to publicly deny any wrongdoing .
proctor , whose parliamentary career ended in a rent boy ` spanking ' scandal , said he was trapped in a ` kafka-esque fantasy ' .
former disgraced tory mp harvey proctor , pictured , also