rod stewart has shrugged off the complaints of a fan whose nose was broken by a soccer ball the singer booted into the audience at a las vegas concert .
when tmz questioned stewart about the alleged injury , the singer - who is a long-time soccer fan and plays regularly - responded coolly : ` it 's a contact sport .
' a 53-year-old southern california man who says he has lingering injuries after his nose was broken by the ball has filed a lawsuit seeking unspecified damages of at least $ 10,000 .
scroll down for video .
rod stewart pictured performing at the vina del mar international festival , chile , this february .
the kicking of soccer balls into the audience , usually during the song hot legs , has long been a part of stewart 's shows .
mostafa kashe 's civil negligence complaint alleges that he did n't expect to be hit in the face by a ball kicked by the raspy-voiced british singer from the stage during a show at the caesars palace resort in october 2012 .
the complaint dwells mainly on stewart 's footballing skills .
` stewart has significant experience in the sport of soccer and experience in kicking soccer balls , having previously tried out for a professional soccer team in the uk and regularly playing in amateur soccer leagues since his youth , ' it states .
` stewart either knew or should have known that his actions could cause injury to unsuspecting patrons of his concerts .
' mostafa kashe claims stewart intentionally kick ed the soccer ball into the audience with ` sufficient force so as to potentially injure patrons ' the singer is known to be passionate about the sport , and even has a professional-standard pitch in the garden of his essex home , where he plays regularly .
stewart , 69 , also has his own seat in the directors ' box of celtic fc , where he famously rod stewart wept tears of joy after his team beat barcelona in 2012 .
he even had trials with brentford fc , then a third division club , after leaving school in the early 1960s , and was rumored to have been signed up as an apprentice .
mr kashe claims that the british rock star intentionally kick ed the soccer ball into the