by .
simon tomlinson .
published : .
08:00 est , 12 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:53 est , 12 april 2013 .
americans are searching the web for information about north korea with astonishing frequency , vastly outstripping those for barack obama and beyonce , it emerged today .
google searches for the pariah state , which has the world on high alert over its nuclear ambitions , are seven times the previous peak in 2006 when it carried out an atom bomb test .
last week , the term ` north korea ' was the third-most popular on twitter , only behind easter and good friday .
popularity contest : americans are searching online for information about north korea and its warmongering dictator kim jong un -lrb- left -rrb- far more frequently than global pop star beyonce -lrb- right -rrb- .
not so interesting : search terms for north korea are also outstripping those for president barack obama , seen here with beyonce at his swearing-in ceremony in january .
interest in kim jong un 's communist regime does n't normally come close to those of pop stars and presidents .
but a graph from google trends shows how the frequency with which users are searching for north korea has spiked dramatically over the last two weeks .
its peak came on april 4 when it announced it would restart its plutonium nuclear plant having earlier released a ` strike plan ' purporting to show places on the u.s. mainland it could hit with its missiles .
at that point , searches were almost ten times more frequent than president obama and beyonce .
according to the washington post , a poll by the pew research centre estimates that 36 per cent of americans are following the news on north korea ` very closely ' , with 56 per cent saying the u.s. should take its warmongering ` very seriously ' .
peak : data from google trends shows how interest in north korea has spiked dramatically over the last two weeks .
of those , around 47 per cent believe north korea has the ability to launch a nuclear missile that can hit the united states .
a pentagon agency did nothing to calm those fears today after the accidental release of a secret report suggested kim jong un may indeed be able