a seven-year-old is hoping to win the junior golf world championships - despite being allergic to the sun .
ben brown spends as much time as possible on the golf course , even though he has a rare disorder meaning he can only play for short periods of time in direct sunlight .
he has been diagnosed with solar urticaria , as he breaks out in hives or a rash when he is exposed to ultraviolet light , uv radiation or sometimes even visible light .
after going out in the sun he also develops migraines , feels nauseous , loses his strength and becomes lethargic .
scroll down for video .
ben brown is determined to become a professional golfer and spends as much time on the course as possible - despite suffering a rare condition meaning he is allergic to the sun .
ben breaks out in hives and a rash -lrb- pictured left and right -rrb- within minutes of being exposed to sunlight , and also develops migraines and feels nauseous and lethargic .
ben has been diagnosed with the rare condition solar uticaria - and takes anti histamines , migraine tablets and prescription suncream .
despite his allergy , he has won prizes in a string of tournaments .
ben 's condition is particularly bad at the first sign of sunlight in march and april and in the height of the summer .
every day he takes an antihistamine tablet and half a migraine tablet -- as well as wearing prescription suncream .
but his parents say even while taking his tablets , he struggles to last more than four hours playing golf .
despite his allergy , ben took part in his first tournaments last year and now hopes to win the world championships at pinehurst , north carolina , us .
he developed a love of golf when he was just two years old , when his parents craig and kathryn bought him a ` gator golf ' set for his second birthday .
they noticed he had freak accuracy when putting across the living room .
mrs brown , 27 , of stockton , teeside , said : ` ben started with golf when he got a gator golf set for his second birthday and it became like an obsession for him .
` he would spend hours walking backwards and forwards across