by .
leon watson .
published : .
02:57 est , 26 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:40 est , 26 april 2013 .
confidence in the housing market among home owners has soared to its highest level in three years with prices forecast to rise by # 10,000 this summer .
research by a property search website found almost three-quarters of home owners -lrb- 74 per cent -rrb- expect house prices in their area to rise by september , with the predicted increase averaging 4.5 per cent .
that would put an extra # 10,152 on the average home worth # 225,601 .
it is further evidence that the market is starting to ` turn a corner ' , zoopla said .
both the proportion of people forecasting house price increase and the typical size of the anticipated increase are the highest figures recorded in around three years by the quarterly study , which began in 2009 .
property search website zoopla said almost three-quarters of home owners -lrb- 74 per cent -rrb- expect house prices in their area to rise by september .
but confidence varied widely , and in stark contrast to the rest of the uk , no one surveyed in northern ireland predicted that prices will increase in their area by the end of the summer .
one third of home owners living in northern ireland said that prices will be flat over the coming months and two-thirds predict falls .
house prices in northern ireland have been declining sharply since the economic downturn , following a period of strong increases .
zoopla said that confidence in northern ireland has consistently been well below the rest of the uk for more than a year .
home owners in london , where the market has stood up relatively strongly amid high levels of interest from overseas buyers , were the most bullish .
nine out of 10 -lrb- 89 per cent -rrb- people in the capital expect prices to rise by the end of the summer .
only one in 25 londoners expects to see prices fall .
researchers found only 13 per cent of home owners now expect prices to fall over the coming months , compared with 19 per cent in december .
confidence tended to be concentrated in .
southern england .
it was higher than average in the south