singer samantha jade has been mocked on social media for her role in an advertising campaign for australian supermarket chain woolworths .
the x factor winner appears in the commercials which debuted on sunday night during the australian open as the face of the supermarket 's catchy ` cheap cheap ' jingle .
one of the ads was filmed on court at this year 's tennis and features with 50 ball kids , where jade can be seen dancing and singing while encouraging others to do the ` cheap cheap dance ' and share their moves with the hashtag .
scroll down for video .
australian singer samantha jade has faced some backlash on social media about her new ads for woolworths .
the campaign aired for the first time on sunday night at the australian open during the men 's final .
it features the singer dancing on court with 50 ballkids doing the ` cheap cheap dance ' the other sees the singer in a recording studio , singing alongside ` cheap cheap ' birds , percy and woolie .
jade talks about the ` cheap cheap ' prices as her two green feathered friends flutter around her .
but viewers were quick to respond to the ` cringeworthy ' ads , slamming the singer on social media calling her ` cheap ' and threatening to boycott woolworths to shop at their major competitor coles .
` that woolworths ad with samantha and singing birds just made my hair bleed ' , wrote one twitter user .
social media lit up with criticism over the ads which aired on sunday evening .
users were not impressed with the jingle - which is known for its incredibly catchy tune .
some questioned how good the move would be for her career .
one of the advertisements features her singing alongside ` cheap cheap ' birds , percy and woolie .
viewers were quick to respond to the ` cringeworthy ' ad , slamming the singer on social media .
samantha jade revealed ahead of the release of the commercial she chose to pair with woolworths after growing up shopping at the chain .
` that 90 second @woolworths ad in the middle of the australian open has shocked me to my core #cheapcheap ' , posted another .
samantha jade revealed ahead of the release of the commercials she