by .
hugo gye and lizzie parry .
published : .
10:50 est , 4 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:46 est , 4 december 2013 .
a mother found dead in a burning car is thought to have started the blaze which claimed her life and that of her son .
detectives investigating the deaths believe the bodies found close to a yacht club in southend-on-sea yesterday are those of catherine mhlaba , 45 , and 16-year-old beki ali .
officers are looking at the possibility that mrs mhlaba started the fire in her black vauxhall vectra , with the aim of ending her life and killing her son - who had global delay , a condition which meant he had the mental age of a six-year-old .
witnesses described seeing the car roll forwards as if it were being driven before it suddenly burst into flames .
blaze : a mother and child found dead in a burning car in southend-on-sea , essex have been named as catherine mhlaba and beki ali .
horror : witnesses saw the car suddenly explode near a yacht club in an upmarket area of town .
firefighters were called to the scene in the upmarket thorpe bay neighbourhood , and took 30 minutes to extinguish the blaze .
when police arrived around 5.30 pm , they found the bodies inside the vehicle .
the street where the pair were found , which houses and yacht and tennis club , has been cordoned off while investigations into the incident continue .
mrs mhlaba and her son - who have not been formally identified - originally came from zimbabwe , and were living in shoeburyness at the time of their death .
according to members of the local zimbabwean community , the woman 's father helped found the movement for democratic change , the main political party opposed to president robert mugabe .
investigation : police are investigating the possibility that mrs mhlaba started the fire which claimed her life and that of her 16-year-old son .
audrey charowa , 34 , an mdc activist from basildon , said mrs mhlaba 's family are ` shattered ' at the news .
she said : ` it is very shocking and we are all devastated .
` as you would expect the family are pretty shattered and have been talking to the