a couple who have spent their life savings on three unsuccessful rounds of ivf have been given hope of starting a family after total strangers donated thousands of dollars to help pay their medical costs .
melanie and joseph cassar , from st clair , sydney , feared their dream of becoming parents was over after the last ivf cycle failed .
insisting they would never give up hope , they have now started a crowd-funding website to raise $ 8,500 to undergo a fourth treatment .
scroll down for video .
melissa -lrb- picured left -rrb- and joseph cassa -lrb- pictured right -rrb- have undergone three unsuccessful ivf treatments but have n't given up on being parents yet .
` i feel an empty void in my life that i 'm destined to be a mum , and joe a dad , but we need help , ' ms cassar explained on the website .
ms cassar said she knew at age 18 that the road to fertility would be tough after learning that she had polycystic ovarian syndrome -lrb- pcos -rrb- .
doctors explained her ovaries were irregular and covered in cysts , making it difficult to produce eggs capable of fertilisation .
` i did all the tests and they said your only option is ivf ' ms cassar told daily mail australia .
ms cassar has undergone three full ivf treatments and said it costs around $ 8,500 each time , with medicare returning $ 5,000 .
12,000 babies were born using ivf in australia last year but ms cassa says doctors can give no guarantees the treatment will work .
ms cassa 's passion for children prompted her to start running a day care but she says this only makes her desire to be a mother stronger .
out of pocket expenses for ivf treatment have increased from around $ 1,500 per cycle to $ 3,500 , with new changes meaning couples must spend at least $ 2,000 to qualify for the medicare safety net .
mr cassar says it 's been ` heartbreaking ' to watch his wife go through the treatments without getting the child they have coveted for so long .
` there are no guarantees with ivf , ' ms cassar explained .
` it 's an emotional rollercoaster .
you always try to look at the positives but sometimes when