by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
02:57 est , 18 may 2012 .
| .
updated : .
02:57 est , 18 may 2012 .
a police officer has been reprimanded after tweeting that he had ` arrested the offenders ' over the attack of a 94-year-old woman in her bed .
great-grandmother emma winnall was found unconscious and covered in blood when carers came to check on her on tuesday morning last week .
she had a fractured skull , a broken arm and wrist and a partially severed finger .
the beating was so severe that the frail widow 's palms were bruised from her attempts to protect herself , while blood had splattered on to the walls behind her bed .
battered : emma winnall was assaulted as she slept at her home in moseley , birmingham , some time between 9pm on april 30 and 9am the next morning .
west midlands police said a woman , 56 , and a man , 28 , were arrested at their home in the hall green area of birmingham just before 6.30 am on suspicion of assault .
they have been taken to a police station in the west midlands .
but pc sanghar , who uses the name pc0318hsanghar , then tweeted : ` folks .
i am happy to now tell you that i was part of the team today who arrested the offenders who assaulted emma winnall .
' an hour later he added : ` folks the arrest is brilliant but guilty by suspicion -lrb- as per law -rrb- so we still need help please from all of you .
' west midlands police last night apologised and said the tweets by pc hanif sanghar were ` wholly inappropriate ' .
chief inspector sally seeley from west midlands police , said : ` the man and woman arrested in connection with the attack on emma winnall are suspects .
they are innocent until proven guilty in a court of law .
` like most people , the officer who tweeted about his role in the double arrest , was shocked by the violent nature of the attack on mrs winnall and was keen to update people with the latest development in the case .
mrs blencoe and her brother john winnall make their public appeal for information .
` it is