a utah woman who was the driver in a crash that killed her husband has been given the go-ahead to sue herself for negligence .
the bizarre legal situation arose after barbara bagley , as representative of her dead husband 's estate , filed papers suing herself as the driver , in order to claim damages against the insurance company .
the december 27 , 2011 , accident occurred on interstate 80 near battle mountain , about 225 miles east of reno .
it was reported at the time she suffered a concussion , broken ribs , a shattered wrist and two punctured lungs , while her husband brad vom baur was initially taken to hospital in critical condition before succumbing to his injuries .
barbara bagley , seen here two months after her devastating crash in 2012 , was badly injured .
her dog dooley spent 53 days surviving in the wilderness , living off roadkill before he was found .
according to court documents , bagley as the estate representative seeks unspecified amount of damages for medical expenses , loss of financial support and the loss of her husband 's love and companionship , the salt lake tribune reported .
the claim was initially denied by a district judge in january 2014 , only for it to be overruled on appeal .
lawyers representing her in her capacity as estate representative said she was suing herself because legally , she had to act to benefit the estate .
but those representing her in her own capacity as the driver said : ` if this suit is allowed to continue , a jury would be asked to determine whether barbara bagley 's fault caused barbara bagley 's own harm , ' the paper reported .
bagley 's husband brad vom baur -lrb- left -rrb- died in the crash .
bagley -lrb- right -rrb- is suing herself in an attempt to win compensation from her insurance company .
` the jury would be asked to determine how much money will fairly compensate barbara bagley for the harm she caused herself .
the jury will be highly confused - it can not order a person to compensate herself .
' the accident itself made headlines in 2012 because the couple 's shetland sheepdog dooley - in the car at the time of the crash - escaped unscathed , but spent 53