two tsa employees have been fired after they used the airport body scanner inappropriately to allow the male worker to fondle male passengers ' genitals .
the pair allegedly worked as a team to manipulate the results of a full body scanner at a security check-point in denver international airport last year , cbs4 reported .
according to a denver police department report seen by daily mail online , the transportation security administration -lrb- tsa -rrb- received an anonymous tip in november last year that an employee had admitted to ` groping ' men who came through security .
scroll down for video .
the male employee and a female accomplice allegedly worked as a team to manipulate the tsa screening system at denver international airport in 2014 .
according to the report : ` when a male he finds attractive comes to be screened by the scanning machine , he will alert another tsa screener to indicate to the scanning computer that the party being screened is female .
` when the screener does this , the scanning machine will indicate an anomaly in the genital area .
' the male tsa employee would then perform pat downs of the male passenger 's genitals at the colorado airport .
despite receiving an employee tip-off to the alleged sexual assaults in november , the tsa only investigated in february .
a tsa supervisor told police that he saw the male employee ` give a signal ' then after the screening device showed the anomaly ` conduct a pat down of the passenger 's front groin and buttocks area with the palms of his hands ... contradictory to tsa searching policy ' .
the female employee was questioned and admitted she had taken part in the assaults on unsuspecting passengers a total of 11 times .
both employees were fired following the incident .
the tsa said that efforts to find the male southwest airlines passenger who was targeted had been unsuccessful .
no other complaints have been made .
denver police department were unable to file criminal charges because no victims had been identified .
the tsa refused to provide the names of the employees involved .
the agency told daily mail online on tuesday : ` these alleged acts are egregious and intolerable .
tsa has removed the two officers from the agency .
` all allegations of misconduct