even basil fawlty , at the end of his tether , would never have come up with something quite as idiotic as the customer relations policy of blackpool 's broadway hotel .
confronted with a string of complaints on customer ratings website tripadvisor from a recent guest , the management could have a -rrb- offered an apology , b -rrb- offered a refund or c -rrb- offered a defence .
instead , they had a better idea .
they fined the unhappy customer # 100 .
in doing so , they have made headlines everywhere from new york to melbourne , reheated a thousand unkind jokes about blackpool and ensured that millions of people around the world have now read some of the most excoriating travel reviews this side of north korea .
scroll down for video .
not even basil fawlty would come up with something as idiotic as the customer relations policy as this hotel .
the broadway hotel in blackpool , pictured , made headlines across the globe from new york to melbourne .
guests on tripadvisor posted a string of unflattering photographs of the hotel on its website .
visitors to the hotel are treated to peeling wallpaper in the rather small bathroom , pictured .
` this place needs closing down , ' says one of this month 's latest crop of stinkers , under the heading ` pure filth avoid ' .
` staff drinking cans of strongbow while serving breakfast , ' the reviews continued .
` could not wait to get out of this place and get home to bath .
' another review , by tracy w of derby , states : ` there was a pair of socks left in the draws -lsb- sic -rsb- that had actually grown mould on them .
' a photograph of the offending socks is attached for the world to see .
indeed , the review which has now made the broadway an international laughing stock is not even the worst .
` filthy , dirty rotten stinking hovel run by muppets !
' begins a detailed critique by tony jenkinson , of whitehaven in cumbria , who concludes : ` stay away !!!! ' but it was his observations , posted on tripadvisor at the end of august , which resulted in the subsequent # 100 penalty by the broadway management .
they