a transgender hip-hop performer who called herself ` the michelangelo of buttocks injections ' claims she thought a british break dancer who died after their appointment was merely drunk .
padge-victoria windslowe , who rapped under the name ` black madam , ' is accused of murdering claudia aderotimi , 20 , after an appointment at her makeshift salon in philadelphia in 2011 .
aderotimi fell into respiratory distress immediately after windslowe injected her with low-grade silicon and died later that night , a court has heard .
on thursday , windslowe , 45 , testified at her murder trial that she has been haunted by aderotimi 's death ever since .
charged : windslowe is accused of killing british student claudia aderotimi after injecting her with industrial-grade silicone that caused heart failure .
tragic : claudia aderotimi , from london , died in february 2011 after receiving a silicone injection in her buttocks in her pursuit of a bigger bottom .
accused : though she had no medical training , windslowe -lrb- above -rrb- would charge up to # 1,200 per injection .
she said an intermediary informed her of the death the next morning by saying the phrase : ` r.i.p. , baby .
' ` the way she said it was just ... really cold , really indifferent , ' windslowe said .
' i say that because ` r.i.p , ' that rang through my soul for four years .
' windslowe is accused of using a mix of industrial-grade silicone and glue that spread to ms aderotimi 's brain and lungs , causing heart failure and killing her .
she said she has injected ` thousands ' of people since being trained by a doctor in thailand and one in south america who performed her 1994 sex-change operation .
prosecutors say windslowe 's reckless injections injured numerous clients , several of whom testified of debilitating injuries after their procedures at airport hotels and ` pumping parties ' went awry .
investigators this week told jurors windslowe ordered silicone by the gallon and syringes by the case in a side business that she ran under the name ` lillian .
' on the stand thursday , windslowe said she first went into the cosmetic surgery business in thailand , when she was trained by a ` dr. chimcoke , ' and ultimately opened a medical tourism