as these two snakes coil around each other in a seemingly affectionate tussle of mating , all is not as it seems .
they are actually two male rat snakes who are fighting for dominance , to prove who is the strongest of the pack in salt lake in kolkata , india .
while no mating is involved , the two snakes perform the ` dance ' by wrapping around each other and raising their upper bodies in an attempt to subdue each other .
wrapped up : the two snakes are performing a ` mating ritual ' through ` dance ' by wrapping around each other in their fight for dominance .
the dominant male ptyas mucosus pins down his opponent for a few seconds before letting him go and mating with the female .
the ritual can last up to an hour and while not overtly aggressive , it allows the male snakes to define their territory and defend their mates .
the dance is often mistaken as the mythical ` mating dance ' and many indians , who worship snakes , consider the dance sacred .
dance of dominance : these two male rat snakes are fighting to prove who is strongest of the pack and defend their mate .
tall order : the snakes , which can grow up to eight feet long , raise their upper bodies as they fight it out for up to an hour .
ritual dance : snakes are considered sacred in india because they are seen as entities of strength and renewal in hindu mythology .
snakes are seen by indians to be .
entities of strength and renewal in hindu mythology .
the snake is often .
used to represent the naga , a deity or class of entity found in hinduism .
and buddhism .
the snake represents rebirth , death and mortality because of its casting of its skin which is seen as a symbolic rebirth .
the snakes can grow up to about eight feet long and they eat frogs , rats , rodents , birds , lizards , turtles and bats .
their venom is not poisonous .
they are one of the most common snakes found in the hills and plains throughout india , bangladesh , pakistan and the indo-china region .
often mistaken as the fatally poisonous indian cobra and the king cobra