by .
peter allen .
published : .
05:56 est , 26 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:50 est , 26 may 2013 .
paris police today conceded that the stabbing of a french soldier was inspired by the terrorist murder of drummer lee rigby .
private cedric cordier , 23 , was stabbed in the neck while on patrol in the business district of the french capital on saturday evening .
he is now recovering in hospital .
the attacker , who has not been caught , was 6ft2in , of north african origin and wore a long , arab garment called a djellaba .
in a copycat of an ambush in london in .
which a british serviceman was murdered , the attacker struck in front of .
dozens of passers-by , stabbing his victim in the throat and neck .
the manhunt for a suspected terrorist who tried to kill a french soldier is still underway in paris .
police officers stand near the cordoned off spot where the french soldier was stabbed in the throat in the busy commercial district of la defense , outside paris .
a police investigator works at the site where a man armed with a box cutter attacked a french soldier patrolling a subway station of paris ' business district , stabbing him in the neck .
the soldier in uniform was armed and was patrolling as part of france 's vigipirate anti-terrorist surveillance scheme .
police spokesman christophe crepin .
said : ` you do n't have to be a great observer to see that people are .
taking inspiration from what 's happened abroad .
' politicians also acknowledged the .
similarities .
` the sudden violence ... could lead one to believe there .
might be a comparison with what happened in london , ' said interior .
minister manuel valls .
and defence minister jean-yves le .
drian said that attack had undoubtedly been an ` attempt to kill ' the .
soldier , whose regiment had recently fought in afghanistan .
two comrades from the 4th cavalry regiment were with him , and carrying automatic rifles , but they failed to react before the man ran off .
` we are looking through video surveillance footage , ' said an officer at the scene of the crime .
` he was seen taking