williams was suspended for six months without pay on tuesday after he admitted lying to his viewers about riding in a military helicopter hit by a rocket-propelled grenade during the iraq war in 2003 .
brian williams tried and failed to secure a promise that he can definitely return to the night news ' anchor chair when his six month suspension ends in august , according to sources close to negotiations earlier this week at nbc .
williams was suspended for six months without pay on tuesday after he admitted lying to his viewers about riding in a military helicopter hit by a rocket-propelled grenade during the iraq war in 2003 .
journalists at nbc news have described the departure of the star anchor who has led the top-rated nightly news since 2004 as ` very painful .
' ` people are angry at brian , ' one nbc news journalist told the washington post on condition of anonymity .
` we all worked so hard at establishing our credibility , and it feels like our credibility has been badly damaged .
' sources at nbc news believe williams made his own situation much worse with his misjudged and half-hearted on-air apology on february 4 .
the anchor 's statement that he had ` made a mistake in recalling the events of 12 years ago ' did little to stem the growing controversy and insiders believe viewers simply did n't buy williams ' excuse .
` it was obvious it fell flat , ' one insider told the post .
` the world felt it was not contrite or fulsome enough .
` williams ' grave error was to continue to claim that he had merely forgotten the facts rather than that he had deliberately inflated his own role in the dangerous situation .
top level : williams ' bosses nbc chief executive stephen burke and deborah turness , the president of nbc 's news division , issued a joint statement on tuesday night revealing that the anchor had been suspended .
` ninety percent of the people knew it was not misremembering , it was making it up , ' the source said .
williams ' situation quickly got worse as the spotlight was shone on other stories such as his reporting from new orleans during hurricane katrina in 2005 and even a story about saving puppies while a