by .
ryan gorman .
facebook conducted an experiment among nearly 700,000 users to gauge how posts on the site affect people 's moods .
the social media giant manipulated news feeds of just over 689,000 users to highlight either positive or negative items and then monitored responses over the course of a random week .
it found that negative posts elicited a swell of positive responses , but also that a reduction in positive news led to more negative posts , according to the results of a study published this week in pnas journal .
massive study : a team of researchers culling data from nearly 700,000 facebook users found that our moods are affected by posts from friends .
` this tested whether exposure to emotions led people to change their own posting behaviors , in particular whether exposure to emotional content led people to post content that was consistent with the exposure , ' the study said .
researchers found that negative posts are met with encouragement , but a reduction in happy posts was met with a surprising amount of negativity .
` when positive expressions were reduced , people produced fewer positive posts and more negative posts ; when negative expressions were reduced , the opposite pattern occurred , ' said the team .
posts were determined by the experiment to be positive or negative if they contained at least one positive or negative word , according to the researchers .
` these results indicate that emotions expressed by others on facebook influence our own emotions , constituting experimental evidence for massive-scale contagion via social networks .
' of the millions of posts analyzed , four-million were found to be positive and 1.8 million were determined to be negative .
the findings led the team to conclude that ` in-person interaction and nonverbal cues are not strictly necessary for emotional contagion .
' this experiment was limited to users who viewed facebook in english , but it is not known across which geographic boundaries .
the social network has more than 1.28 billion active users around the world .