cesc fabregas was pleased to be back in london following this week 's euro 2016 qualifying matches .
the midfielder played in spain 's shock 2-1 defeat to slovakia on thursday but was an unused substitute as vicente del bosque 's men made amends with a 4-0 victory in luxembourg .
smiling for the camera with his partner daniella semaan , seemingly outside the couple 's london home , 27-year-old fabregas posted the snap to instagram and accompanied the picture with the message : ` home sweet home !! ' cesc fabregas posted a snap with his partner daniella seeman after returning home from international duty .
chelsea fans will be pleased to see the spaniard return from international duty unscathed with the blues leading with the way in the premier league having won six of their opening seven fixtures .
arsene wenger , meanwhile , has no regrets about allowing the opportunity to bring fabregas back to arsenal pass him by last summer .
the gunners had first option on signing the 27-year-old midfielder after they inserted a clause in the deal which took him to barcelona in 2011 .
but arsenal boss wenger decided against making a move the spaniard during the last transfer window and he subsequently joined chelsea for # 30million .
arsene wenger did n't sign fabregas -lrb- right -rrb- because he already had creative players like mesut ozil -lrb- left -rrb- .
wenger insists he has no regrets over his decision not to bring fabregas back to the emirates last summer .
fabregas -lrb- centre -rrb- played a key role as his new club chelsea beat his old club arsenal 2-0 at stamford bridge .
appearances : 9 .
goals : 1 .
assists : 8 .
chances created : 30 .
fabregas has been in sensational form since his move to stamford bridge , laying on seven assists for his team-mates in seven premier league appearances .
but despite fabregas ' dazzling performances in blue , wenger insists he is content with his decision not to offer him a return to the emirates .
speaking to bein sports , he said : ' i do n't regret not taking cesc because we already had a lot of creative players in our midfield .
' fabregas , pictured in action against arsenal , has seven assists to his name in seven premier league games