a former mob enforcer in rhode island with ties to late new england crime boss raymond l.s. patriarca has died in a federal prison in north carolina .
gerard t. ` the frenchman ' ouimette was 75 .
the federal bureau of prison 's website reported that ouimette , who had lived in fall river , massachusetts , died sunday .
ouimette , suspected of having a role in up to eight murders , ` ran ' the federal prison in north carolina in the 1970s and even had booze , drugs and lobster dinner smuggled in on a weekly basis , according to a rhode island state police report .
his nephew , kevin ouimette lynch , tells the providence journal that his uncle was recently diagnosed with lung cancer and died in his sleep at a prison in butner , north carolina .
ouimette was reportedly in control of a gangster network responsible for gambling , loansharking , extortion , and murder , among other crimes .
ouimette passed away in this medium security facility after being diagnosed with lung cancer .
in 1996 , ouimette was convicted of extortion and became the first criminal in new england sentenced to life in prison under the federal ` three strikes and you 're out ' provision for violent offenders .
ouimette had more than 10 convictions during his criminal career , including one for punching an fbi agent .
the providence journal reports that ouimette spent a total of 46 years behind bars .
a 1979 fbi document regarding his background paints the picture of man in control of a massive underworld network .
` subject ouimette controls a large group of criminals known as the ouimette faction , whose criminal activities include gambling , loansharking , extortion and property violations such as major hijackings , robberies and burglaries , ' the report states .
ouimette had close ties to crime boss raymond patriarca , seen here leaving a federal building in boston on june 27 , 1967 .
` although not italian , ouimette enjoys the same stature as lieutenants under raymond l.s. patriarca , who controls organized crime -lrb- oc -rrb- in the boston and new england area .
' the document went on to call ouimette responsible for ` seven of eight gangland-style murders .
' he was never convicted of any homicides , however .