a huge group of angry pupils went on strike yesterday after their school banned them from wearing bracelets in support of a classmate with leukaemia .
police were called in when 100 pupils walked out of lessons at bilton school in rugby , warwickshire , after being told they could only wear ` team joel ' bracelets on a non-uniform day next month .
pupils who want to wear the wristbands in support of joel smith - a year 11 pupil who is undergoing hospital treatment - on other days have been warned they will be violating the school 's uniform policy .
tragic case : joel smith , a year 11 pupil at bilton school in rugby , warwickshire , died last thursday evening .
controversy : police were called by teachers when 100 pupils walked out of lessons at bilton school in rugby , warwickshire , after being told they could only wear ` team joel ' bracelets -lrb- pictured -rrb- on a non-uniform day .
made by his family : wristbands in support of leukaemia sufferer joel smith and the teenage cancer trust .
showing their support : pupils at bilton school in rugby showed whose side they were on last week .
joel 's family have been making and selling the beaded bracelets to raise funds for the teenage cancer trust .
but yesterday , pupils mounted a protest against the bracelet ban on the school field .
mother emma howell told the daily mirror that she would support her daughter laura 's participation in the strike , despite it resulting in her missing a mock examination yesterday .
she said : ' i support my daughter .
if she 's excluded for five days there will be no punishment at home .
she wo n't be missing out on anything because she 's just revising anyway as she 's in year 11 .
` the only resolution i can see is if the school back down because the pupils are very passionate about this , and i ca n't see them letting it go .
' the school said it had responded several weeks ago to a request from the children to have a non-uniform day for joel , and he had requested that pupils wear blue and white coloured clothing .
support for staff and pupils : a bilton school statement said it was