by .
suzannah hills .
the price of nutty snacks and treats is set to soar as almond orchard owners struggle to pollinate their crops because of the dwindling honey bee population .
almond nuts and milk are a vital ingredient for confectioners and cereal-makers around the world with the global market worth around $ 5 billion -lrb- approximately â # 3.1 million -rrb- .
almond orchards in california , which account for 80 per cent of the world 's crop , require 1.5 million beehives every year for pollination making honey bees vital to crop production .
but almond farmers have seen the price of renting bees hives for pollination triple in the last decade which is having a knock-on effect on the wholesale cost .
rising costs : the cost of nutty treats is set to soar as the price of hiring beehives to pollinate almond orchards , pictured near williams in california , continues to rise as the bee population declines .
it now costs on average $ 150 -lrb- â # 94 -rrb- to hire a single hive with some farmers to pay up to $ 200 -lrb- â # 125 -rrb- , the financial times reports .
this has seen the wholesale price of almonds reach an eight year high with the figure expected to continue rising as honey bee populations decrease .
as californian almond prices set a benchmark for the industry , the increasing cost of hiring beehives in america has also had an impact in europe .
production : orchards in california , such as the one pictured above in glenn county , account for 80 % of the world 's almond production but many farmers are being forced to pay more and more to pollinate their crops .
alpro , one of the top manufacturers of almond milk in europe , said it was concerned about the impact on prices .
the drastic downturn in the honey bee population is also concerning environmentalists and scientists around the world .
in the last few years , the annual winter ` die-out ' rate has been 10 per cent higher than usual .
it has been suggested climate change , pollution , pests or even ` travel stress ' from the bees being shipped from pollination site to pollination site being to blame .
mounting concerns : there has been a drastic decline