by .
jennifer smith for mailonline .
first year students arriving at oxford and cambridge for undergraduate degrees have been told to attend a lecture on sexual consent before beginning classes , it has emerged .
a series of 30 minute workshops at cambridge will be included in freshers ' week itinerary in a bid to get newcomers talking about the difference between consensual and non-consensual sex , while oxford is holding classes in 20 of its colleges .
at the end of the sessions , an official will read out a statement which describes consent as ` active and willing ' .
scroll down for video .
sexual consent lectures have been included in the fresher 's week itinerary at oxford and cambridge university -lrb- file image -rrb- .
it comes after police dropped an investigation into a former oxford union president who was accused of rape .
ben sullivan was arrested last year after being accused of sexually assaulting a student .
the 21-year-old was released after being held in a police cell for 12 hours without charge , then six weeks later told no further action was going to be taken .
amelia horgan , one of those organising the workshops at cambridge , told the guardian : ` we are sending out a very clear message with these workshops that sexual violence is not welcome within the university community .
' no students will be forced to attend , though organisers say the sessions will be useful as there is a lack of sex education in schools .
oxford university -lrb- pictured -rrb- is hosting sessions in 20 of its colleges for first-time students to learn about sexual consent .
classes at cambridge university -lrb- trinity college is pictured -rrb- will also be included in the fresher 's week itinerary .
' a lot of people come to university with a very , very basic sex education which stems from sheer biology , ' said caitlin tickell from oxford university 's women 's campaign .
staff at oxford are also drawing up a campus-wide anti-harassment policy after reviewing the existing rules .
it comes after an apparent spread in lad culture which has increased poor treatment of female students by men in sports teams and societies .