crystal palace manager alan pardew is confident significant funds will be available to strengthen his squad .
pardew left newcastle to take over at selhurst park last week and is now tasked with securing safety for the eagles , who are currently 18th in the barclays premier league .
palace are eager to boost their attacking options before the transfer window closes on february 2 , and chairman steve parish is reportedly ready to sanction a club-record offer for swansea striker bafetimbi gomis .
alan pardew needs to make signings to strengthen crystal palace 's survival bid .
former newcastle boss led the eagles to a 4-0 fa cup victory over dover in his first game in charge .
` is that the kind of backing i 'd hope for ?
of course , ' pardew said .
' i ca n't say anything about the financial side - i think that 's unfair on any club we 're talking to .
` but the chairman and the board are keen to try to bring a player or two and i know they 're working hard towards that .
` we have to wait and see , it 's complicated securing any player and particularly a striker .
' pardew added : ' i spoke to steve on my arrival here , after the club initiated the transfer .
crystal palace have reportedly prepared a club record offer for swansea striker bafetimbi gomes -lrb- right -rrb- .
' i told him we 're going to need some funding because we need to get new players and he gave me the assurances that he would do his very , very best to do that .
' palace winger yannick bolasie has impressed during the first half of the season but pardew insists it would take an ` extraordinary ' offer for the 25-year-old to be sold .
` like with any player you can never say never , and i learned that at newcastle , losing andy carroll on the last day of the window , ' pardew said .
` so never say never but i think it would take an extraordinary bid to take him away from this football club in the situation we are in .
' i would be very surprised if any club wanted to make that phone call .
' it would take an `