red bull racing have launched their 2015 formula one car race livery for the upcoming season as they hope to recapture their titles .
their new 2015 rb11 car has been used in f1 testing with a camouflage livery in order to ward off rival teams attempting to copy their design secrets .
red bull won consecutive drivers ' and constructors titles between 2010-13 but relinquished their crowns to a dominant mercedes and lewis hamilton last season .
red bull racing have tweeted this picture of their 2015 rb11 car with this season 's livery , which is back in their usual team colours .
the new colour scheme was displayed on the team 's twitter page with the hashtag ' #backincolour ' as red bull returned to their usual look .
the most notable shape change to the 2015 car is the lower nose box and front of the chassis , which were amended in line with the latest regulations .
drivers daniel ricciardo and daniil kvyat have been putting the camouflaged rb11 through f1 testing in catalunya but have managed a staggering 397 less laps than reigning champions mercedes on the track as they look to close the gap .
the 2010-13 constructors champions hope their 2015 rb11 car can help the team reclaim the title off last year 's champions mercedes .
daniel ricciardo -lrb- right -rrb- , taking a break from pre-season testing , hopes to build on three race wins during last season .
here is the livery that red bull racing will have on the grid for the 2015 formula one season with ricciardo and kyvat in the driving seat .
the red bull rb11 used in pre season testing has had a camouflaged livery before they unveiled the new chassis on monday .
chassis .
composite monocoque structure , designed and built in-house , carrying the renault v6 engine .
transmission .
eight-speed gearbox , longitudinally mounted with hydraulic system for power shift and clutch operation .
wheels .
oz racing .
front : 12.0 inches x 13 inches diameter .
rear : 13.7 inchesx 13 inches diameter .
tyres .
pirelli .
suspension .
aluminium alloy uprights , carbon-composite double wishbone with springs and anti-roll bar , multitude dampers .
brakes .
brembo calipers .
electronics .
mesl standard electronic control unit .
red bull only won three races last season ,