borussia dortmund manager jurgen klopp insists he will show no mercy to under-fire arsene wenger on wednesday , despite his side 's early qualification for the champions league knock-out stages .
the germans have already booked their place in the last 16 and can cement their place at the top of group d with a point on wednesday .
and klopp , whose side are a lowly 16th in the bundesliga , wants to compound the misery on arsenal ; insisting his side will not go easy on the london club .
video scroll down to watch jurgen klopp in hysterics during arsenal press conference .
jurgen klopp signs autographs for fans as the borussia dortmund squad arrive at their london hotel .
shinji kagawa -lrb- left -rrb- and pierre-emerick aubameyang -lrb- right -rrb- arrive at the landmark hotel in london .
sebastian kehl stopped to sign autographs as he got off the coach upon arrival in london .
the german manager , who is a contender to replace wenger at the emirates stadium once the frenchman finally leaves , has problems of his own given his side 's poor league form .
and he says the growing pressure on wenger is of little concern to him as he tries to awaken his side from their domestic slumber .
he said : ' i do n't know so much about the situation of arsenal and british football .
i do n't know what the people think here .
` my plan is not for us to take our foot off the gas .
in our situation we need each game to get more stability , we have to use the game tomorrow for the bundesliga .
kagawa signs autographs for fans as dortmund arrive in london for their game against arsenal .
erik durm -lrb- left -rrb- and nuri sahin -lrb- right -rrb- are part of a borussia dortmund side that have already qualified .
kagawa gives fans a thumbs up before entering the hotel - dortmund play arsenal on wednesday .
` we need stability , that is our big problem .
if we can play very good against arsenal , it will help us for the bundesliga .
meanwhile , klopp insists he is not planning a move to england , despite growing speculation that he will be a premier league manager in the not too distant future