at first glance it looks like a scene from a hollywood horror movie .
the tip of the dorsal fin breaking the water , thrashing around as it enjoys a feeding frenzy just a few feet away from a group of swimmers .
but in fact these bathers were in no danger at porthcurno beach in cornwall because the giant pictured circling them yesterday was a harmless basking shark .
these toothless gentle giants are one of three shark species to feed only on plankton , the other two being the whale shark and the megamouth shark .
the 16ft fish was pictured filter feeding just yards away from swimmers who were lucky enough to have the chance close encounter .
photographer rachel hosken took the pictures saying neither the shark nor the swimmers were in any danger .
` it was a very peaceful scene , ' she said .
` the shark just carried on feeding and completely ignored the swimmers .
' basking sharks are normally seen feeding .
off the coast of devon and cornwall and the west of the uk throughout .
the spring and summer .
undeterred by the sheer size of the animal , the brave swimmers try to get a better look .
the enormous fish , which have been .
protected since 1998 , are the largest in british waters and the second .
largest in the world , after the whale shark .
the evasive fish tend to swim deep in the ocean , but from may to october they come to the surface to feed on plankton blooms .
this year , however , sightings in the south west have not been so frequent , according to ms hosken .
' i have n't seen many basking sharks this year .
for some reason it looks like it may be a quiet year .
' cue jaws music : it may look like a dangerous scene from a hollywood thriller , but this giant basking shark is in fact harmless .
these toothless gentle giants are one of three shark species to feed only on plankton , the other two being the whale shark and the megamouth shark .
this fine specimen , while looking imposing , could in fact grow to twice its current size , to an impressive 33ft long .
while they are protected from being