the teenager out spear fishing with tragic jay muscat who died after being attacked by a four to five-metre-long great white shark fired a spear gun into the mouth of the shark to save his own life after it had mauled his friend .
matt pullella was with mr muscat , 17 , when he was attacked on monday at cheynes beach on the west australian coast , around 70km east of albany .
after fatally biting mr muscat the shark went for mr pullella who was able to fend it off by putting the spear gun into its mouth and firing the trigger .
the western australian reported that mr pullella told friends on facebook of the terrifying moment he faced death .
` the shark hit me first then attacked jay , ' he wrote .
` the shark turned and came for me , i pushed the spear gun down its throat and fired the gun !
this is something no one should ever have to see .
' jay muscat was spearfishing when he was attacked by the shark at cheynes beach on the west australian coast .
the shark is believed to have been injured during the attack when mr pullella fired the spear at it .
` they had been spearfishing and it 's our understanding they had already captured some fish , ' rick fletcher , a department of fisheries spokesperson , said .
` it appears the shark swam past one diver and bit the other on the leg .
` at this stage it 's highly likely that if we capture the shark that 's likely to have been involved in the incident it will be destroyed .
' western australia 's department of fisheries also confirmed on tuesday that capture gear and baited drum lines have been deployed in the area in an attempt to catch the shark , which was likely to be a four to five-metre-long great white .
the area where mr muscat was killed is a popular spot for sharks this time of year .
a great white was spotted circling just off these waters two months ago .
mr muscat described himself on his instagram page as ` just a young salty dog ... spearfishing and fishing are my thing ' .
mr muscat also enjoyed sport and had been captain of albany senior high