by .
jessica montoya coggins .
published : .
20:11 est , 19 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:42 est , 20 january 2013 .
hundreds gathered in new york city to attend a memorial for tech pioneer aaron swartz , where he was remembered for being an icon for the internet era and not a criminal facing numerous felony charges .
according to the associated press , .
the memorial , held at new york 's cooper union , had several high-profile .
speakers who re-affirmed their support for swartz 's work .
perhaps the most emotional tribute for swartz came from taren stinebrickner-kauffman , his girlfriend , who was also the first to discover his body .
she reflected on him taking his own life , saying ` i 'm so sad we 'll never see all the ways he 'll change the world from here on out .
' government at fault : taren stinebrickner-kauffman , aaron swartz 's girlfriend , had critical words for the u.s. attorney 's office in boston .
stinebrickner-kauffman 's eulogy did not shy away from criticizing the role the government played in swartz 's suicide .
` he faced a deeply dysfunctional criminal justice system , one that he is far from the only victim of .
' in reference to the prosecutor overseeing the case on behalf of the u.s. attorney 's office , she said he was ` hell-bent on destroying -lsb- swartz 's -rsb- life .
' in the days following swartz 's death , a number of members from the internet elite poured in their sentiments about his work with online transparency and it created a national dialogue about what should be free on the internet .
paying respects : damien kulash , of the band ok go , was just one of a number of speakers and performers at swartz 's funeral in new york city .
edward tufte , a professor emeritus of political science , statistics , and computer science at yale , also spoke on saturday .
he was an admirer of swartz , and following his death he wrote on twitter , ` heartbreaking news that my dear friend aaron swartz has died at 26 .
imaginative , smart about everything , and , best of all , different .
' showing how swartz 's work resonated outside the