african-american civil rights groups plan to protest outside sunday 's oscars show , where every single one of this year 's 20 acting nominees is white .
however small , the demonstration will revive debate about diversity at the oscars-awarding academy of motion picture arts and sciences , whose voting members are overwhelmingly white and with an average age in their 60s .
` the goal of the protest is to send a message to the academy , send a message to hollywood , send a message to the film industry , ' said earl ofari hutchinson , head of the la urban policy roundtable group .
` and the message is very simple : you do n't reflect america , your industry does n't reflect america .
women , hispanics , african-americans , people of color -lrb- are -rrb- invisible in hollywood .
' civil rights groups are planning protests outside sunday 's oscars about hollywood 's lack of diversity .
selma director ava duvernay and star david oyelowo were among those overlooked when the 2015 nominations were announced last month .
notable snubs this year include britain 's david oyelowo who was widely tipped to receive a nomination for playing martin luther king jr. in selma .
halle berry and denzel washington were famously lauded as having made a breakthrough for winning best actress and actor oscars in 2002 , but while there has been some progress in the decade since , it remains too little .
critics rounded on the academy as soon as the nominations were announced last month , with all-white acting categories for the first time in nearly two decades : the last time was in 2011 , and before that , 1998 .
notable snubs included britain 's david oyelowo , widely tipped for playing martin luther king jr. in selma .
the film 's director ava duvernay , was also left out , although the movie is among eight best picture nominees .
the academy has defended itself .
its first african american president , cheryl boone isaacs , said shortly after nominations were unveiled that they spurred her to accelerate reforms to make the academy more inclusive .
` personally , i would love to see and look forward to -lrb- seeing -rrb- a greater cultural diversity among all our nominees in all of our categories , ' she said at