by .
chris leadbeater .
you can never quite be sure what the sea will throw up .
but if you happen to be a surfer who combines athletic feats on a board with a skilled touch in the studio , then any ocean detritus can be transformed into something dramatic .
it came from the deep : skeleton sea create artworks with rubbish washed up on beaches - including the fragments of rubber used to create this tiger shark .
hugely inventive : the three artists have also created this giant fish using scraps of rusted metal - such as tin lids and compressed drinks cans .
artists joão parrinha , luis de dios and xandi kreuzeder -- who collectively work as skeleton sea -lrb- www.skeletonsea.com -rrb- -- have made a name for themselves through the sculptures and installations they make using items they find on beaches and in the waves .
these shoes were made for ... being recycled into an elaborate sculpture : another of the art collective 's concoctions was made using lost flip-flops .
taking on human form : skeleton sea have also created smaller artworks - including these human-esque figures fashioned from discarded rubber gloves .
surfers as much as they are creative types , the trio started out simply by collecting rubbish and washed-up materials they encountered while riding oceanic breakers -- old lifebuoys separated from ships , shards of metal from wrecked vessels , scraps of rubber , chunks of wood , floating plastics and other myriad non-biodegradable substances .
but they soon found that they could turn this unsightly trash into rather more beautiful objects -- and make a pertinent point while doing so .
making a point : ` roxy mermaid ' comes with an environmental message based upon the importance of keeping the oceans clean .
making the most of it : the artists are also surfers , and were inspired to begin creating sculptures using the detritus they found while boarding .
by turning burst tyres , clusters of electric cables , dead car parts and strips of blackened metal into marine creatures such as life-sized sharks -- complete with teeth and fins -- they have been able to stress the importance of keeping the oceans free of pollution .
other creations have included giant fish constructed from can lids , soft-drink containers and lost flip-flops -- and