new aerial photos show the trail of destruction a tornado inflicted on a small illinois farming community .
residents from fairdale , an unincorporated town 80 miles northwest of chicago , were told they could return to their homes on saturday to salvage what they could .
but buildings in the settlement were virtually flattened when the vortex slammed into the area at around 7pm on thursday night .
officials reported that 17 of the 50 buildings in the town are completely destroyed , while the other 33 have all been damaged in some way .
geraldine m schultz , 67 , and jacklyn k. klosa , 69 , were killed in her home by the storm , authorities announced , while around a dozen people were injured .
this aerial photo shows a path of destruction , after a tornado swept through the small town of fairdale , illinois .
residents from fairdale , an unincorporated town 80 miles northwest of chicago , were told they could return to their homes on saturday to salvage what they could .
the dekalb county sheriff 's office bused residents back to the scene of the devastation so they could begin to take stock of what was left of their property .
seeing the wreckage up close for the first time since thursday 's storms left some amazed that they survived .
' i thought my parents were dead , ' said 32-year-old adam davis , who hopped into his truck thursday and raced along with the tornado in the hopes of getting to his parents ' house and rescuing them before the twister struck .
he found them standing in their doorway frozen in disbelief and grabbed them just in time .
on saturday , he was helping collect what could be salvaged from his childhood home , now full of debris , its roof ripped off and its windows broken .
` it 's not necessarily the mementos yet ; it 's the essentials for now .
one step at a time , ' he said .
eight tornadoes roared across northern and central illinois during thursday 's storms , the national weather service confirmed saturday .
the strongest hit fairdale , where two people were killed .
that tornado also injured 22 people .
debris surrounds a plot where a house once stood in the farming community .
officials