two men have been killed after they jumped from a helicopter and crashed into an alpine field in a base jump that went horrifically wrong .
new zealander dan vicary , 33 , and frenchman ludovic woerth , 34 , were killed in the accident .
a third man , whose name and nationality have not been released , was seriously injured .
the jump took place over the luetschental valley in bern , switzerland on saturday .
scroll down for video .
ludo woerth , one of the men who died in the base jump on saturday , during an earlier wingsuit jump .
the two men who died : frenchman ludo woerth -lrb- left -rrb- and new zealander dan vicary -lrb- right -rrb- .
the two men were dead by the time rescue workers arrived on the scene .
one of the men killed , dan vicary , was a celebrated wingsuit pilot and was ranked no 2 in the world for the sport .
the new zealander had moved from his native new zealand to switzerland , where he ran a base jumping supply shop with his wife lisa hutchins .
the couple had just celebrated their third wedding anniversary .
she paid tribute to her husband , whom she said was ` amazing human being ' ` adventure -- that is what life was with him .
i always told him he lived everyday like someone left the gate open , ' she told fairfax new zealand .
wingsuit jumps , in which people don a suit with fabric between their legs and jump from heights of up to 6,000 feet , sees 20 people die each year .
dan vicary is pictured here with his wife lisa hutchins .
the pair lived in switzerland where they ran a base jump supply store .
the sport is inherently risking , with approximately 20 people dying while participating in it each year .
but ms hutchins said he knew the risks and did everything he could to mitigate them .
` i know he would n't change anything .
' fans of the vicary , who shared videos of his daring jumps on youtube , took to social media to share tributes .
` rip dan , fly free , ' was a common epitaph .
` happy are the ones who are willing to take the