by .
mark duell .
published : .
16:00 est , 29 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:01 est , 30 july 2013 .
these dramatic photographs show how a huge wildfire is raging out of control on majorca .
around 700 residents were evacuated early yesterday from the village of estallencs on the popular holiday island as fires fanned by winds spread eastward along wooded hills , local officials said .
the fire started on friday east of the leisure port of andratx and moved along the island 's northern forested parkland .
some 360 firefighters and 26 water-carrying aircraft were tackling the flames .
spray : some 360 firefighters and 26 water-carrying aircraft were tackling the flames near andratx , majorca .
whoosh : a firefighting plane prepares to take water past a cruise ship in the port of palma de mallorca in majorca to extinguish a wildfire in a mountain near andratx .
from above : an aerial view of the area affected by the forest fire at andratx on the spanish island of majorca .
the hills to the north of mallorca , known as the sierra de tramontana , are of great natural beauty and many wealthy people , such as actor michael douglas , are known to have villas on its coastline .
evacuees were treated and accommodated at the esporlas sports centre due to the fires , which are said to have already burned almost eight square miles of land .
an eyewitness report by an unnamed journalist for the majorca daily bulletin said : ` the speed of the fire was astonishing you could see its progress almost metre by metre , tree by tree .
` soon i could hear the wailing sounds of fire fighting vehicles striving to get to the seat of the fire - the clattering blades of helicopters gave a surreal effect , as though i was watching a re-run of -lrb- 1979 film -rrb- apocalypse now .
passing time : evacuees rest or sleep on inflatable mattresses at the esporlas sports center in palma de mallorca , which is accommodating 700 residents who have left due to the forest fire at estellencs on majorca .
help : an elderly woman is attended by a paramedic at the esporlas sports center in palma de mallorca .
response : a helicopter drops water during the