joe calzaghe believes that his fellow welshman nathan cleverly will profit from tony bellew 's anger when the two younger men collide for the second time in liverpool on saturday night .
calzaghe , who retired as the undefeated world super-middleweight champion , was the epitome of self-control in the ring .
cleverly and bellew have moved up from light-heavyweight to cruiser for this re-match but the merseyside man has been festering with resentment since losing their world title fight .
nathan cleverly and tony bellew went head to head on sky 's the gloves are off show ahead of their fight .
cleverly is keeping cool and is determined to win for the second time against bellew .
bellew is fired up for his re-match with rival cleverly after losing the first bout between the two fighters .
bellew has made no secret of his angst but calzaghe warns : ` all this anger is not good for boxers .
i do n't know tony very well personally but it looks to me as if the hatred is burning up too much of his energy , .
` i occasionally did some stuff for the cameras but it was to help sell the promotion , not for real .
i was always cool , calm and collected in the ring and i believe that is very important .
you need self-control and discipline in a fight .
you should keep your emotions in check .
' bellew has been anything but restrained in the build up and cleverly says : ` it seems he does hate me and really wants to hurt me .
' cleverly and bellew almost came to blows back in 2011 ahead of their first fight .
cleverly beat bellew in their first fight back in 2011 and seemed to show respect to each other afterwards .
promoter eddie hearn reports that bellew is more desperate to win this fight than any in his career so far and does not know how he would cope with losing to cleverly .
although bellew is the more natural light-heavy and will be the bigger man on the night , calzaghe does not expect that to be to his advantage either .
he says : nathan was having troubled making the weight at super-middle so although he is moving up his speed will not be affected .
`