by .
alex finnis for mailonline .
one lucky fan of the clash will get to celebrate the birthday of their late lead singer joe strummer in roaring fashion - by becoming the new owner of his old classic car .
the piece of rock 'n' roll history - his 1963 chalfont blue ford thunderbird - has appeared on ebay , and has already been bid on 70 times .
the price currently sits at $ 29,700 , with the auction ending on thursday - which would have been strummer 's 62nd birthday .
the 1963 chalfont blue ford thunderbird has already been bid on 70 times with the price at $ 29,700 .
clash legend joe strummer poses in the back seat of the car , which he used during his solo career .
however , the price should rise steeply before it ends up in the hands of a lucky fan .
the listing says strummer initially purchased the california double black-plate bullet body style t-bird for $ 4,200 in 1987 .
according to sellers beverly hills car club , the car remains in pristine condition and spent several years in a climate-controlled garage .
strummer bought the double black-plate bullet body style t-bird for $ 4,200 in 1987 .
sellers say the car remains in pristine condition and spent several years in a climate-controlled garage .
strummer poses for a portrait in a car 's open front door while living in the usa .
` this is such a special car to me .
i knew joe strummer as a boy growing up in london , ' said alex manos , owner of the beverly hills car club .
` he was one of a kind , just like this car .
joe had an enormous love for american cars and i feel it 's serendipitous that this beautiful 1963 ford thunderbird is coming to us for sale .
' the t-bird was reportedly strummer 's preferred mode of transportation between his los angeles home and baby o studios on sunset boulevard while he was recording his first official solo lp , earthquake weather .
while the car is in beverly hills , international and out-of-state buyers are welcome , and the car club will assist with shipping quotes and arrangements .
the sky blue vehicle is a relic from strummer 's past , after the singer