killer pilot andreas lubitz can be heard responding ` hopefully ' and ` we 'll see ' when he ran through in-flight landing checks with the captain of his doomed aircraft .
his chilling responses came just a few moments before he encouraged patrick sondenheimer to go the toilet and took control of the flight .
later mr sondenheimer is heard shouting ` open the god damn door !
' as he desperately tried to break back into the cockpit .
the exchange was revealed yesterday as pictures of lubitz as a child and a teenager emerged , and it was claimed his girlfriend may be pregnant .
scroll down for video .
new photographs : pictures of killer pilot andreas lubitz as a teenager -lrb- left -rrb- and child -lrb- right -rrb- emerged yesterday , along with a yearbook entry .
grim task : rescue workers inspect the remains of the germanwings airbus a320 and its victims at the site of the crash , near seyne-les-alpes .
passengers screamed as mr sondenheimer attempted to smash his way in with a crowbar after lubitz locked him out and put the plane into a descent .
but the only sound from the cockpit was lubitz breathing as the aircraft plummeted at 3,500 feet per minute before smashing into the french alps , killing all 150 of those on board .
the transcript from the plane 's black box recorder revealed lubitz 's responses to the landing checks and him calmly encouraging mr sondenheimer to go the toilet .
after mr sondenheimer left him at the controls , he switched the autopilot from the cruising altitude of 38,000 ft to 96ft -- a move that was certain to crash the plane over the alps .
german investigators have found torn-up sicknotes in lubitz 's dusseldorf flat which showed he had hidden the extent of his illness from his employers .
at least one of the medical certificates covered the day of the crash last tuesday .
the 27-year-old was also said to be ` living on the edge ' because he feared that his deteriorating blurred vision would cost him his pilot 's licence .
and his relationship with blonde maths teacher , named by german media as kathrin goldbach , was said to be in trouble , with local reports suggesting she may have been pregnant .
maths teacher kathrin goldbach