crackdown : cosmetics europe has urged companies to remove methylisothiazolinone from creams .
beauty product companies have been told to stop using a chemical irritant in some products after an explosion in cases of allergic reactions and eczema .
the chemical , a preservative called methylisothiazolinone -lrb- mi or mit -rrb- , is routinely added to moisturisers , sun creams , shampoos and wet wipes .
skin experts in the uk and around the world have picked up a large number of allergic reactions they believe are caused by the chemical .
now , cosmetics europe , the european cosmetics trade association , has told its members to remove mi from products that are left on the skin .
in a statement , the body said : ` this action is recommended in the interests of consumer safety in relation to adverse skin reactions .
` it is recommended that companies do not wait for regulatory intervention under the cosmetics regulation but implement this recommendation as soon as feasible .
' the daily mail has previously highlighted the concerns of uk skin experts and suffering of a number of women who had severe allergic reactions .
symptoms ranged from a rash of bright red tiny bumps to fluid filled lumps on the skin , blisters , itchy eyes and even a severely swollen face .
a daily mail survey in september found the chemical in l'oreal paris triple active day multi-protection moisturiser ; sanctuary mini mande lular body soufflé ; clarins paris exfoliating body scrub for smooth skin ; olay professional exfoliating cream cleanser -lrb- 150ml -rrb- ; nivea body lotion express hydration ; and piz buin 1 day long lotion .
several companies have already announced that they will stop using mi , including vaseline , brylcreem , huggies , molton brown , nivea and johnson & johnson 's piz buin .
however , products containing the suspect ingredient could still be on shelves .
chemical : a daily mail survey in september found nivea express hydration body lotion and olay professional exfoliating cream cleanser were among many creams to contain mi , alongside clarins and piz buin products .
british skin experts say the scale of the allergic reactions to the chemical , which has been used increasingly since 2005 , has been alarming .
dermatologists expect an allergic reaction to a cosmetic product of no more than