click here to read jeff powell 's exclusive on the night kell brook was stabbed .
world welterweight champion kell brook will fight canada-based romanian jo jo dan in his first fight since being stabbed in the leg last september , it has been announced .
the 28-year-old will defend the ibf belt he won with victory over shawn porter in august at the motorpoint arena in his hometown of sheffield on march 28 .
it is a delayed first defence because of the injuries brook suffered when attacked while on holiday in tenerife soon after his title victory .
kell brook attends a press conference to confirm his next fight against jo jo dan on march 28 .
the world welterweight champion was forced to delay the fight after being stabbed in the leg while on holiday .
canadian-born romanian jo jo dan -lrb- right -rrb- has won has won 34 of his 36 fights .
the british boxer is already looking ahead to a big money fight with either amir khan or floyd mayweather .
brook sustained serious leg injuries after being struck by a machete but now feels ready to return to the ring .
the 28-year-old said he was the ` victim of an unprovoked attack ' in the early hours of september 4 , when a conversation between himself and his attacker in the assailant 's apartment , following an evening of drinking , turned sour .
brook lost a lot of blood and had no feeling in the affected area , but has recovered sufficiently to line up a title defence .
speaking at a press conference in sheffield , brook said : ` it will be emotional , after winning the world title last year but then a few weeks later having an horrific knife attack .
' i was wondering if i would walk again , never mind fight , but now i am feeling fit .
' kell brook will return to the ring after he was stabbed in the leg while on holiday in tenerife .
brook said he was the ` victim of an unprovoked attack ' when on holiday in september .
the 28-year-old recalls the fateful night in an exclusive interview with sportsmail 's jeff powell .
brook rests at home while he recovered in the company of his pet dog .
brook won the ibf world