by .
anna edwards .
published : .
10:51 est , 4 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
01:59 est , 5 october 2012 .
archie brooks admitted common assault after his glass struck his colleague 's face .
a ` loutish ' recruitment consultant who glassed a workmate in the face claiming his drink had slipped from his grasp was fined in court today .
archie brooks , 21 , attacked olivia parish in a city of london bar after the two had attended an afternoon meeting that included alcohol .
after they had rowed mr brooks 's glass struck his colleague in the face - but he insisted he had only meant to throw ice and drink at her .
ms parish needed stitches for the cut to her lip after she was struck last march 30 and brooks was sacked from his # 32,000-a-year job .
he was due to stand trial for assault occasioning actual bodily harm but prosecutors accepted a plea to a lesser charge of common assault before a jury was sworn in .
he was handed a # 1,000 fine and ordered to pay # 250 compensation to his victim and # 100 towards court costs .
judge stephen kramer qc told him : ` you behaved drunkenly and loutishly and your conduct resulted in a nasty injury .
` those who behave in that way , in those sort of circumstances in this city can normally expect a custodial sentence .
' both brooks and ms parish worked for london-based coal it , and sat close to each other in the firm 's jewry street offices .
they attended a boozy meeting on the day of the attack , before heading to the abbey bar in nearby minories with other workmates .
` there was always banter between the two of them , ' said prosecutor katrina charles .
` but on this occasion the language was abusive .
' their exchanges culminated with brooks ' tumbler glass striking the victim in the face , she added .
when he was arrested he told police he had only intended to embarrass ms parish by throwing the remnants of his drink over her .
` but that glass went flying from his hand , ' said ms charles .
the attack happened at the abbey bar following a boozy meeting .