they are among our most commonly seen birds , doing nothing more extraordinary than looking for food in an unremarkable back garden .
frozen in flight by the camera , however , they become creatures of spectacular grace and beauty .
in a fraction of a second , these incredible photographs capture the everyday activity of robins , tits , finches and other native species in a way the human eye never could .
they transform the simplest manoeuvre into an aerial ballet ; show tiny wings in majestic , intricate detail .
they also give a rare glimpse of the fierce competition for food and territorial supremacy in the avian kingdom .
scroll down for video .
these two goldfinches were captured during an amazingly complex flight display as they almost danced most serenely in the air while they were out feeding .
these robins seem to have a difference of opinion as they perch on a rusting metal pole in a back garden .
the moment was captured by photographer john crabb .
john crabb wanted to be able to capture the images of birds in free-frame while they are in mid-air without scaring the birds , which was a major task .
but just how does a photographer get close enough to freeze-frame the mid-air action in perfect focus , without scaring the birds ?
simple , if you happen to be retired physicist and lifelong gadget enthusiast dr john crabb .
he might have bought his first camera only four years ago , but his enthusiasm for heath robinson-style solutions to challenging problems has rapidly allowed his new-found hobby to take flight .
hence , it was a succession of wacky looking , home-made devices that allowed him get the perfect shot .
the first was nothing more complex than a twig attached to a post , wired up to trigger the camera shutter when a bird launched itself from the perch .
the mk ii version was a spring-loaded feeding platform -lrb- it looks a little like a medieval siege-engine catapult -rrb- -- rigged up with a switch that operates an electrical circuit connected to the camera .
dr crabb had to go back to the drawing board after a cheeky robin bounced up and down so excitedly on the platform , it produced hundreds of frames of an empty patch of air .
the