foreign workers will have to pay an average of # 22,000 in tax before they can claim benefits under tory plans to be unveiled this week .
migrants arriving in the uk will be banned from receiving handouts from the welfare state for four years , forcing them to pay tax and national insurance the state .
home secretary theresa may said the tory manifesto will spell out plans to negotiate a new deal with europe , including curbing access to benefits .
home secretary theresa may said the tory manifesto will spell out plans to negotiate a new deal with europe , including curbing access to benefits .
under the proposals , unemployed eu migrants in britain will be banned from receiving state support , and would be deported if they do not get a job within six months of arriving .
for those in work , they would be barred from claiming handouts like housing benefit or tax credits until they have being in the uk for four years .
it means a migrant workers on an average wage will pay # 22,600 in tax and national insurance over four years before they are able to receive state support .
there will also be a ban on ` exporting ' child benefit for children living in other eu countries .
the crackdown was ordered after the government failed to meet david cameron 's target of cutting net migration to the tens of thousands .
latest figures show that in the year to september , 298,000 more people arrived in the uk than left .
mr cameron rowed back from plans to limit freedom of movement across the eu after a backlash from german chancellor angela merkel .
but mrs may today said the benefits changes would act to limit the appeal of coming to britain from poorer parts of the eu .
` our plan would remove a huge financial incentive for european migrants to come to britain for the wrong reasons , ' she told the sun .
` instead of claiming in-work benefits , under our plans the vast majority will pay into the system , contributing thousands of pounds .
' net long-term migration to the uk was estimated to be 298,000 in the year ending september 2014 , a major rise on the 210,000 figure a year earlier .
she said the tories had