by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
03:37 est , 12 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
10:40 est , 12 september 2012 .
technology giant apple is expected to unveil the latest version of its best-selling iphone tonight .
the secretive company is hosting a ` special event ' which typically involves apple executives unveiling new products to a specially invited audience .
invites have also been sent out to uk journalists to watch the launch by videolink live at a central london location .
the apple logo at the yerba buena center for arts in san francisco , where later today apple is set to unveil the iphone 5 .
the message included the line ` it 's almost here ' and also featured a figure 12 with a shadow that appears to be the number 5 - seemingly confirming the company will announce the arrival of the iphone 5 .
the firm also may have accidentally revealed the handset will be called the iphone 5 , amid rumours it will just be called ` iphone ' .
searches on the firm 's web site this afternoon showed holding pages for the iphone 5 press release in searches .
a slip by apple ?
searchers for iphone-5 on the firm 's press releases revealed a holding page for the new product .
it comes a day after the uk 's largest mobile network operator unveiled plans to launch the country 's first superfast 4g products and services in time for christmas .
orange and t-mobile owner everything everywhere , which was renamed today as ee , will make the state-of-the-art technology available to some 20 million people in 16 cities across the uk .
the 4g network - which offers speeds up to five times faster than 3g - will be available on htc , samsung , nokia and huawei devices , as well as ` one more to come ' , widely expected to be the apple product .
the 4g services will allow uninterrupted access to the web on the go , high definition movies to be downloaded in minutes and tv to be streamed without buffering .
final preparations were underway for the launch today , expected to be one of the biggest in apple 's history .
the battle for domination of the mobile market has become increasingly heated recently