by .
james nye .
and louise boyle .
published : .
08:48 est , 26 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:57 est , 27 november 2013 .
a ferocious winter storm is causing massive cancellations and delays at the east coat 's major airports along with dangerous driving conditions for thanksgiving travelers across the country .
those who could scrambled to book earlier flights on tuesday to .
avoid sprawling winter storm boreas which is bearing down on the east coast with a messy mix .
of snow , rain and wind .
by wednesday morning , boreas will impact the entire east coast , likely creating havoc on the roads and in the air on the busiest travel day of the year .
a combination of high winds and low clouds are likely to cause delays at all new york , boston and washington airports .
parts of pennsylvania , including pittsburgh , and upstate new york could get up to 18-inches of snow .
scroll down for video .
travelers wait in line to board a flight at laguardia airport in new york on tuesday as those who could got on earlier flights to avoid being delayed by winter storm boreas .
here we go again : travelers wait in security lines in the terminal at reagan washington national airport on november 26 amid heavy flight delays .
traffic moves in heavy rain in fort walton beach , florida on tuesday as the vicious storm headed up the east coast in time for thanksgiving .
the weather forecast -lrb- as of 4pm est on tuesday -rrb- shows severe systems heading up the east coast .
a map of the u.s. showing where a winter storm is expected to disrupt travel plans over the thanksgiving holiday .
as of tuesday , the storm was responsible .
for 14 deaths in five states .
most were tied to traffic accidents in oklahoma , texas , california , new mexico and arizona .
a four-year-old girl was killed in roosevelt county , new mexico on friday when her family 's car slid off the road and flipped over , state police reported .
a man 's body was recovered by fire crews on friday after it is believed he was swept away by swelling waters in the santa cruz river , arizona .
tom niziol , winter