family doctor kenneth thompson is accused of having had illicit sex sessions with a troubled patient at his surgery in belfast between july 2003 and december 2005 .
a family doctor had sex sessions with a troubled patient saying it would help save her marriage , it was claimed yesterday .
in one encounter dr kenneth thompson , 68 , allegedly had sex with her over a table in the surgery to demonstrate how she should make love with her husband .
the gp is also said to have asked her to perform a sex act on him to make her ` more confident ' .
and it is claimed he encouraged the woman , a mother , to walk about the house naked and asked her to visit him at his surgery wearing a white tennis skirt .
the woman , known only as ec , was one of three patients who complained about dr thompson 's conduct at the surgery between july 2003 and december 2005 , a general medical council hearing in manchester was told .
she said she went to see him in october 2003 after getting stomach pains following sex with her husband .
she later told dr thompson she had been sexually abused as a child and was having trouble sleeping because of the memory .
giving evidence via video link she told the hearing : ` it came up in a conversation between dr thompson about counselling and dr thompson claimed he had been a counsellor and he would counsel me for free to try and get over the stress of it .
' i told him about me being raped by my father , uncle , grandfather and when i was 12 and abused by my father 's friends as well .
' i could n't perform with my husband in bed properly , i could n't speak to him about it .
i was very withdrawn with my husband and the thought of oral sex terrified me and still does .
' i think i had gone to talk to the doctor about my childhood .
i ca n't remember why and he suggested counselling , private counselling on a monday at 6pm in the surgery .
thompson pictured outside the gmc hearing in manchester where he was accused of having a string of sexual encounters at his surgery .
the