by .
luke salkeld .
published : .
09:09 est , 19 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
17:05 est , 19 june 2012 .
tragedy : fiona geraghty , 14 , hanged herself because she had been bullied over her weight an inquest was told .
a girl of 14 hanged herself after being taunted about her weight at her prestigious private school , an inquest was told yesterday .
fiona geraghty , who was nicknamed ` yo-yo ' because of her bouncy personality , developed bulimia after being called ` fat ' by a group of playground bullies .
although the teenager had been popular at her previous school , she failed to settle in after moving to # 15,000-a-year king 's college in taunton , somerset , a coroner heard .
yesterday fiona 's mother , dr elspeth geraghty , a gp , said she felt let down by the school and psychiatric experts who saw fiona four times before discharging her .
she also revealed her daughter had written an essay referring to her health problems and ` self-loathing ' in the term before her death -- but that the school had failed to pass it on to her family .
dr geraghty told the inquest : ` i am disappointed the college failed to apply its own learning to its behaviour .
` there was no real concern or significance placed on the events in that term .
i also feel let down by the mental health services .
eating disorders such as this suffered by fiona are the result of an underlying psychiatric problem .
` being seen on four occasions before being discharged seems a wholly inappropriate response .
' dr geraghty also claimed her daughter had begun vomiting ` following taunts from other girls about her size ' .
` she did have some relationship problems within her peer group , ' she added .
` i became aware fiona had a serious eating disorder when i was contacted by her housemasters in february 2011 .
they said she had been vomiting .
' the teenager was taken to see ross gillanders , a community psychiatric nurse with the somerset nhs trust .
he believed she had an unspecified eating disorder , but claimed her binges were more the result of hunger .
he saw fiona four times , between