by .
jonathan thompson .
published : .
09:15 est , 4 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
11:24 est , 4 march 2014 .
it 's 2pm on a drizzly monday and i 'm sitting in a doctor 's waiting room .
a selection of well thumbed magazines are strewn across a coffee table and in the corner , a young couple whisper nervously to each other .
it could be a snapshot from any gp 's surgery in the land , but for one crucial difference : we all have needles hanging out of our arms , attached to bright yellow iv drips .
intravenous vitamin infusions -- so-called ` healthy ' cocktails pumped straight into the bloodstream to fight fatigue , boost energy levels and sharpen mental performance - are becoming big business .
earlier this week rita ora tweeted a photo of herself hooked up to an iv drip before filming her new music video .
rita posted snaps of her iv drip on her instagram account .
they 're the natural evolution of the vitamin injections that have been doing the rounds in the us since the 1960s , and are being fuelled by a growing celebrity fan base -lrb- rita ora posted photos of herself hooked up to a vitamin drip two days ago , while cheryl cole , katy perry and even simon cowell are all reputedly devotees -rrb- .
now , specialist clinics offering the procedure - as either a direct injection or the more efficient iv drip - have started appearing across the uk as a quick health fix for the cash-rich , time-poor .
think about it : in a world where many of us consume most of our five a day from pret containers , is it any wonder a treatment that offers a more direct route to better short-term health , glowing skin and boosted immunity is so sought after ?
hooked-up health .
it 's not a new trend in some parts of the world .
in japan , for instance , iv cafes offer entire menus of vitamin drips , from jabs that burn fat to those claiming to boost skin radiance .
women 's health reveal which jab solves what body issues in their april issue .
in the us , the ` hangover heaven ' bus has been circling las vegas for