a spaghetti bolognese dinner between two flatmates turned nasty when one drunkenly attacked the other with a meat cleaver .
peter mckay , 35 , had been living with leslie bidgood for around six months in sheppey , kent , when he savagely attacked his friend while chopping ingredients for their dinner .
both men had been drinking vodka and mckay was also taking sedatives when he struck his friend of four years with the meat cleaver , causing injuries to his head and neck and leaving him ` lucky to be alive ' .
maidstone crown court -lrb- pictured -rrb- heard peter mckay had been living with leslie bidgood for around six months in sheppey , kent , when he attacked his friend while chopping ingredients for their dinner .
mr bidgood , who was watching television when the attack took place on september 18 last year , managed to run from the flat covered in blood .
but he was pursued by mckay , who held him up against a fence and shouted : ` what 's my name ?
' before punching him in the head .
mckay also threatened witnesses who tried to help the victim .
the men had previously downed several vodka red bulls each and mckay was also taking sedative tablets .
maidstone crown court heard mckay emerged from the kitchen ` growling ' before attacking mr bidgood .
mark mullins , prosecuting , said : ` he went up to mr bidgood and started hitting him around the neck and head .
` mr bidgood saw blood on his hands .
he felt it dripping down from his face .
' ` he tried to push him away .
he said : `` we are mates .
we are both on the same side '' .
mr mckay did n't stop .
he just kept growling .
' mckay had been preparing a spaghetti bolognese for their dinner when he turned on his flatmate .
` the victim could not remember anything else until he woke up in hospital with cuts to his neck , behind his left ear and above his left eye , which needed stitches .
' mr mullins told the jury the ` very nasty attack ' could have had much more serious consequences .
mckay claimed he was intoxicated due to the consumption of the tablets and