these images show the world 's smallest working gun - which is shorter than a matchstick and fires purpose-made bullets just 2.34 mm in diameter .
created by artist paul erard in the swiss city of la chaux-de-fonds , the petite pistol measures just two inches long but fires with one joule of power .
the gun currently holds the guinness world record for the smallest working revolver , and the bullets it fires - which were designed specifically for the gun by mr erard - also appears in the book as the tiniest live ammunition ever created .
small but mighty : created by artist paul erard in the swiss city of la chaux-de-fonds , the petite pistol -lrb- pictured left alongside a full-size revolver -rrb- measures just two inches long but fires with one joule of power .
miniature : looking like something fit for james bond , the petite pistol measures only two inches long .
calibre : the 2.34 calibre bullets the gun fires -lrb- left -rrb- were designed specifically for it by former watchmaker paul erard .
the bullets hold the guinness world record as the tiniest live ammunition ever created .
looking like something fit for james bond , the petite pistol measures only two inches long .
with a height of just 1.3 inches and only 0.3 inches wide , the gun could easily be hidden up 007 's sleeve .
the mini-revolver can be made to order in solid gold - with each one costing a staggering # 300,000 to manufacturer , although former watch-maker mr erard is selling them for just # 4,500 a piece .
weighing in at just 0.6 ounces , each gram of the tiny gun will cost the aspiring owner # 230 .
the specially-made ammunition was also invented by mr erand and has an internal diameter of just 2.34 mm calibre - making them the smallest bullets ever invented .
detail : the mini-revolver can be made to order in solid gold - with each one costing a staggering # 300,000 to manufacturer , although former watch-maker mr erard is selling them for just # 4,500 a piece .
not a toy : weighing in at just 0.6 ounces , each gram of the tiny gun will cost the aspiring owner # 230 .
up close : the gun currently holds the guinness world record for