by .
michael zennie .
quiet suburban life in a neighborhood outside san diego came to a smashing halt wednesday afternoon when an aging u.s. marine corps fighter jet crashed into three homes and burst into flames .
miraculously , no one was hurt .
the pilot of the av-8b harrier safely ejected before it crashed into a home in imperial valley , california , near the mexican border about 4.30 pm , pacific time .
three homes were damaged and at least one destroyed in impact and subsequent blaze .
at least one house caught fire after an av-8b harrier jet smashed into a home in imperial valley , california , on wednesday afternoon .
three homes were damaged - one of which was destroyed - when the jet slammed into the neighborhood .
military investigators worked into the night gathering evidence and trying to determine what caused the crash of the $ 30million fighter .
the 1980s-era harrier jet is known for it 's ability to take off and land vertically like a helicopter thanks to jump jet thrusters direct thrust at the ground .
the planes cost about $ 30million each .
neighbors told the imperial valley press that the crash felt like an earthquake .
plumes of smoke could be seen rising high above the neighbor from miles away from the crash site .
video from the scene shows fiery debris cluttering the streets and sidewalks of the neighborhood .
the pilot was taken to a nearby hospital for evaluation .
video shows him being helped by good samaritans , his parachute still attached , after he come down in a parking lot a shot distance from the crash site .
the jet was based out of the third marine aircraft wing in miramar , but the yet took off marine corps air station yuma in arizona .
it is the second harrier jet to crash this month .
on may 9 , a plane went down about 40 miles outside phoenix .
the pilot was able to safely eject then , as well .
the av-8b harrier , like the one pictures here , is known for being able to take off and land vertically like a helicopter .
it took firefighters three hours to bring the blaze under control .
these pictures show that two houses were damages in the crash .