we all like to be pampered on holiday - and many hotel spas are pushing the boat out when it comes to providing the most cutting-edge beauty treatments .
but would you take a noodle hot tub , or cover your face in sterilised nightingale excretion in the name of well-being ?
guests can now return from their spa retreats having being scrubbed down by a cactus , lathered in marmalade , and having had their backs rolled on by golf balls .
using nightingale poo in a facial is an ancient japanese beauty treatment that has recently started to be used in the west .
the bird poo geisha face mask .
known as the geisha face mask , this beauty treatment involves using sterilised nightingale excretion which is supposed to draw bacteria out from your skin , and break down dead skin cells .
victoria beckham is said to be a fan of the treatment , which has been used by japanese geishas for centuries .
if you 're brave enough , you can experience this at the ten thousand waves spa in santa fe .
skin should feel exfoliated and brightened - and so it should , the treatment does not come cheap .
$ 115 -lrb- # 77 -rrb- for 55 mins - ten thousand waves spa , santa fe .
ichiro furuya , founder and cook of a popular noodle store ` nantsuttei ' throws the imitation noodles bath agent into ` soup noodle spa ' at the hakone yunessun spa .
bathing in a tub of ramen soup .
forget a soapy bath , it 's all about a soupy bath for this broth-like treatment offered in japan .
the hakone kowakien yunessun spa offers a soak in a tub complete with noodles , collagen and garlic extracts .
the inexpensive treatment is aimed to improve guest 's skin and metabolism and is named after the japanese noodle soup dish .
$ 35 for spa admission - hakone kowakien yunessun hot springs amusement park and spa resort , hakone , japan .
the four seasons resort in arizona beats many luxurious treatments including a golf ball massage .
get your kinks rolled out with the balls , and then hit them on the golf course afterwards .
getting massaged by golf balls .
for those who thought they were avoiding sport while relaxing in