relatives of the victims of a south korean ferry sinking that killed more than 300 people a year ago have held a rally demanding the government salvage the vessel .
the 6,825-tonne passenger ship sank off the southwest coast on april 16 last year with most of the victims , high school students .
thousands of protesters met in the capital seoul to call on officials to raise the sewol after senior government officials said they would ` consider it .
' scroll down for video .
one year on : relatives of the victims of a south korean ferry sinking that killed more than 300 people a year ago and other civic members shout slogans during a rally in seoul , south korea , on saturday .
a total of 295 bodies were recovered from the ferry , and nine victims remained unaccounted for when divers finally called off the dangerous search of its interior last november .
the demonstration is the latest in a series of protests with hundreds of bereaved parents , many with their heads shaved and clad in white mourning robes , marching 22 miles to seoul from their home town of ansan last week .
president park geun-hye has pledged to ` actively consider ' raising the sewol , taking into account the opinions of the relatives and salvage experts .
but senior government officials said the salvage operation would cost # 68million .
senior ministry official yeon yeong-jin said : ` and that is only an estimate , as the final cost would be greatly dependent on weather conditions , technological uncertainties .
' protest : demonstrators holding placards calling on the government to salvage the sewol ferry in seoul .
stricken : rescue operations saved some of the passengers on a south korean ferry sewol that capsized on its way to jeju island from incheon , but 300 perished in the tragedy .
the tragedy sparked nationwide grief and outrage as it became clear that regulatory failings , official incompetence and the ship 's illegal redesign were the main causes .
park 's administration was widely criticised for its response to the disaster , and her approval ratings have only just begun to recover .
after months of political bickering , parliament passed a bill in november initiating an independent investigation into the sinking .
but relatives have accused the government of