by .
rose parker .
last updated at 6:10 pm on 20th september 2011 .
assassinated : burhanuddin rabbani was killed by a suicide bomber .
a former afghan president was today assassinated by a suicide bomber who had concealed explosives in his turban .
burhanuddin rabbani had been heading a government peace council set up to build contacts with the taliban .
four of his bodyguards also died and a key presidential adviser was wounded .
president hamid karzai cut short a visit to the u.s. over the attack , which dealt a harsh blow to peace efforts after a decade of war .
the turban bomber entered rabbani 's .
house in the capital kabul on tuesday evening and blew himself up .
inside , mohammad zahir , the chief of criminal investigation for the .
kabul police .
rabbani .
headed the country 's high peace council , which was set up by the afghan .
government to work toward a political solution to the decade-long war .
however , it had made little headway since it was formed a year ago .
rabbani .
was president of the afghan government that preceded the taliban rule .
after he was driven from kabul in 1996 , he became the nominal head of .
the northern alliance , mostly minority tajiks and uzbeks , who swept to .
power in kabul after the taliban 's fall .
rabbani is an ethnic tajik .
his .
killing dampens hopes of starting peace negotiations with taliban .
insurgents and also will hamper efforts to keep regional and ethnic .
rivalries , which feed the insurgency , in check .
as .
one of the wise old man of afghan politics and the leader of the .
anti-taliban northern alliance , rabanni 's role in the attempts to reach .
out to the taliban and seeking a political deal with them - with the .
u.s. blessing - will be hard to replicate in the near future .
his .
death could unleash a well of resentment building up among some senior .
northern alliance members , who accuse president hamid karzai of .
colluding with the taliban .
guard : afghan policemen secure the alley leading to mr rabbani 's house after the former president was killed earlier today .
already .
afghanistan 's ethnic minorities have begun to re-arm