by .
emma reynolds .
published : .
12:31 est , 27 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
03:16 est , 2 january 2013 .
the son of assassinated pakistan prime minister launched a political career with a fiery speech today - despite still being too young to stand as a candidate .
bilawal bhutto zardari , 24 , addressed thousands of cheering supporters on the fifth anniversary of his mother 's assassination in southern sindh province , beside the family mausoleum .
his speech comes just months before national elections are due to be held .
the minimum age for candidates is 25 so he can not stand , but is likely to be a key asset for the ruling pakistan people 's party .
rallying cry : bilawal bhutto zardari , left , addresses a crowd of thousands of pakistan people 's party supporters on the fifth anniversary of his mother 's death .
shocking story : zardari , who has just finished studying at oxford , is too young to stand in the elections - but his family history makes him an asset to the party .
fight on their hands : zardari 's father asif ali zardari , right , rode a wave of sympathy to become president after his wife 's death - but the ruling party is losing its hold .
the party 's popularity has plummeted since it took power nearly five years ago , as the country has struggled with a weak economy and bloody taliban insurgency .
before dawn today , dozens of militants armed with rocket-propelled grenades and automatic weapons attacked two tribal police posts in pakistan 's northwest , killing two policemen , with a further 21 officers missing and presumed kidnapped .
zardari was made chairman of the party after his mother 's death but has remained largely in the background until now while he completed his studies in britain , at oxford university .
his father , president asif ali zardari , also addressed the crowd in garhi khuda bakhsh village today .
' i want to tell you that thanks to god he has completed his studies , but now is the time of his training , ' he said .
` he has to study pakistan , he has to learn from you and he has to work according to your thinking ,