another winter storm is set to strike the northeast , pummeling the already-frozen landscape with as much as ten inches of snow in a four-day onslaught .
less than a week after parts of the region received unprecedented levels of snowfall , a new system is set to roll down across the midwest from the canadian border .
the storm , dubbed marcus , is due to start with light snow saturday , but will intensify and continue through to tuesday .
scroll down for video .
coming in : forecasters say almost another foot of snow could blanket the northeast during a four-day storm .
starting out : an initial storm over the weekend , the track of which will move from west to east as seen above , will be reinforced by a second at the start of next week .
freezer : the above map from the national weather service shows the likelihood of temperatures being below average over the week week .
deeper blue means a higher chance of a large difference .
the west coast will be warmer than usual in the same period .
winter weather will carve a path stretching from new york city in the south into the upper reaches of vermont and new hampshire to the north , according to forecasts by accuweather .
massachusetts , and boston in particular , will be at the epicenter of the snowstorm , and could be due another 11 inches of snow .
the region is still digging its way out from under a 40-inch dump that has come in the past two weeks , setting new snowfall records in the state 's capital .
most of massachusetts was already on a winter storm alert friday night .
the snowfall is set to be accompanied by bitter cold , with the national weather service predicting temperatures far below average for stretching from philadelphia to southern maine .
stacking up : the above chart shows how intensely major parts of new england and the northeast are set to be struck , with already-snowy boston due the most .
lingering : snow is still causing problems in the area set to be struck again .
above , cars and a trailer pile up on a road in sandy creek , upstate new york .
just chilling : meanwhile in chicago , which is further west than