it once formed an imposing , 90-mile-long concrete barrier that ran through the heart of berlin .
but 25 years after the fall of the berlin wall , little remains in germany of the historic structure .
the wall , which divided west berlin from the communist east after it was built in 1961 , was the most potent symbol of the cold war .
scroll down for video .
a piece of the berlin wall is seen at a garden inside san martin palace , headquarters of argentina 's foreign ministry in buenos aires .
it was constructed soon after germany was divided up between the occupying powers of the us , the uk , france and the soviet union following the end of the second world war .
at least 136 people were killed along the heavily guarded wall during the 28 years that it was in existence , many of them attempting to flee the east .
since demolition of the wall began on november 9 , 1989 , many sections have been auctioned off or sold as souvenirs , while large segments have been lost forever having been crushed and used to build highways across the germany .
however , large parts were sold as art objects and donated to museums around the world , such as the imperial war museum in london and ronald reagan presidential library in california .
over the last 25 years , other sections ended up in even more surprising locations , such as the main street station casino , brewery and hotel in las vegas .
a segment of the berlin wall is seen at the foreign ministry in san jose , california .
ten segments of the berlin wall , which constitute the longest stretch outside of berlin , are seen on display in los angeles , california .
a section of the berlin wall painted with a mural of olympic champion usain bolt , at the jamaica military museum in kingston .
the 12-foot section of the wall was given to bolt in 2009 by the city of berlin after the runner broke world records in the 100 and 200 metre finals of the world athletics championship in the city .
people walk past a segment of the former berlin wall at potsdamer platz square in berlin .
the venue has installed the relic in the men 's