by .
steve nolan .
published : .
04:43 est , 5 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:10 est , 5 june 2013 .
homes and businesses close to the banks of the mississippi are braced to evacuate as the river continues to swell following torrential rain .
the river reportedly reached its sixth highest level on record close to st louis , missouri , and barriers were breached yesterday forcing authorities to urge homeowners to flee their properties in a small community north of the city .
the breach of the barrier , which holds the river back close to its confluence with the missouri river , saw two miles of land deluged by flood waters .
scroll down for video .
submerged : an aerial photo shows the riverfront park amphitheater complex in alton , illinois , surrounded by mississippi river floodwaters on three sides as the river continued to swell following heavy rain .
defiant : flood waters from the mississippi river are held back by sandbags at the dresser island public fishing area in west alton , missouri .
no go zone : highway signs and cones block access to us highway 67 between alton , illinois , and west alton , missouri , after the mississippi river exceeded its banks and flooded the area .
under water : mckinzee fisher and her 4-year-old sister mckayla fisher pose for photographs in front of a flooded grain mill along broadway in alton .
officials said that the flooding threatened more than 40 homes in the small town of west alton - a town that was mostly swept away by devastating floods in 1993 .
hundreds of residents were already evacuated after a levee set up to protect homes was breached by the river water .
more than 300 people had been asked to leave their homes on monday night after another temporary flood barrier failed on the peninsula formed by the connection of the two swollen rivers .
though according to reports , that warning was heeded by just 15 per cent of the population , with the rest staying put .
more to come : this satellite image taken this morning shows areas of cloudiness and subsequent rain showers from the great lakes into the middle mississippi valley .
team effort : volunteers add sandbags to a temporary flood wall in kimmswick ,