nearly 50 police commandos have been slaughtered in the philippines by muslim rebels who claim they entered their territory without agreeing to it first .
an 11 hour gun-battle broke out after police entered the remote town of mamasapano , held by the moro islamic liberation front -lrb- milf -rrb- in the early hours of sunday without liaising with the rebels as required under a ceasefire agreement .
police say that the bodies of 49 officers have been removed from the town on mindano island and moved to an army camp .
policeman carry the body of one of their comrades during a retrieval operation after nearly 50 officers were slaughtered .
commandos clashed with muslim rebels and an 11 hour gun battle broke out in the remote town of mamasapano in the philippines .
it is not known whether any milf members were killed in the attack , which came as police had been targeting two high-profile terror suspects in the operation .
philippine national police chief leonardo espina and interior and local government secretary manuel roxas flew to maguindanao today .
in a statement mr espina said the police commandos were chasing a ` high-value target ' believed to be behind recent bomb attacks in the south but he did not elaborate .
meanwhile the milf 's chief peace negotiator mohagher iqbal revealed authorities were trying to arrest a member of regional terror group jemaah islamiyah called zulkifli bin hir , who is on the united states ' most wanted list with a $ 5million bounty on his head .
malaysian bomb-maker zulkifli is the most prominent of the 10 to 12 foreign ji members believed hiding in the philippines .
he went into hiding in the southern region in 2003 and has since been training local militants , according to the military .
authorities were also allegedly targeting basit usman , commander of the biff philippine muslim rebel faction that is not part of peace talks .
an injured commando on a stretcher waits to be loaded on to a us military helicopter following the attack by milf .
the firefight in mamasapano was only the second since the ceasefire when two soldiers and 18 muslim gunmen were killed in a clash on the southern island of basilan in april 2014 .
the 10,000-member milf had recently agreed to end decades of rebellion in the mainly catholic