this week 's 45th anniversary of man 's first landing on the moon is being celebrated at the white house in washington d.c. president barack obama met with representatives of the apollo 11 mission in the oval office on tuesday morning .
apollo 11 landed on the lunar surface on july 20 , 1969 .
astronaut neil armstrong , the first human to walk on the moon , died two years ago .
remembering history : us president barack obama meets with apollo 11 representatives including michael collins -lrb- left -rrb- and buzz aldrin -lrb- 2nd left -rrb- on the 45th anniversary of the first mission to land on the moon .
the three moon-cateers : commander neil armstrong , michael collins , edwin ` buzz ' aldrin jr. were the first men to travel to and land on the moon .
america on the moon : tronaut buzz aldrin , lunar module pilot of the first lunar landing mission , poses for a photograph beside the deployed united states flag during an apollo 11 extravehicular activity -lrb- eva -rrb- on the lunar surface .
one giant step for mankind : neil armstrong walks on the moon 's surface during the apollo 11 lunar landing mission .
armstrong 's fellow crew members , buzz aldrin and michael collins , were among those who met with obama , along with armstrong 's widow , carol .
nasa administrator charles bolden and white house science and technology official patricia falcone also participated in the private meeting .
` one small step for man , one giant leap for mankind , ` said neil armstrong as he landed on the surface of the moon 45 years ago and left the first footprint in the new age of space travel .
the spacecraft 's two parts consisted of the command module called the columbia manned by collins and the eagle manned by armstrong and aldrin .
` the eagle has landed , ' armstrong famously said as the eagle safely arrived at a moon basin called the sea of tranquility with only 40 seconds of fuel left to burn .
after armstrong set foot on our moon , buzz aldrin followed behind him and the two men read from a plaque that said , ` here men from the planet earth first set foot upon the moon , july 1969 a.d. .
we came