by .
harriet hernando .
a remarkable letter written by the future edward viii that exposes him as an ungrateful , sexist and racist prince has come to light .
the prince of wales , who later abdicated to marry an american divorcee , told of the ` miserable and loathsome ' time he was having on a caribbean cruise .
he visited barbados in 1920 in what was supposed to be a diplomatic trip of the british empire but he described the tropical paradise as a ` bum place ' .
the future edward viii visited barbados in 1920 on what was supposed to be a diplomatic trip however he revealed he found it ` deadly dull ' in a letter to his mistress .
the royal reported the local scenery as being ` ugly ' and he found the ` coloured population ' to be ` revolting ' .
he also wrote of begrudgingly dancing with various women on the trip , all of whom he insisted had to be young and vetted by his friend , louis mountbatten .
edward , whose name before he was king was david , even described one young lady he danced with as an ` american bit ' .
edward viii wrote this sickeningly-sweet love letter to his then mistress , freda dudley ward , while he was on a diplomatic trip to barbados in 1920 .
the diatribe on the trip was included in a sickeningly-sweet love letter to his then mistress , freda dudley ward , in which he bleated about how much he was missing her .
the married socialite was the future king 's lover between 1918 to 1923 .
edward viii -lrb- left -rrb- with then mistress freda dudley-ward to whom he wrote whilst in barbados , and her husband liberal mp william dudley-ward .
they remained close until 1936 when he met american divorcee wallis simpson , who he gave up the throne for later that year .
over 22 pages , edward wrote of his travels on hms renown from march 21 to march 29 , 1920 .
` how i loathe being separated from you like this and it all seems so unnatural sweetie mine ; how i want you tonight to tell you how madly i love you .
oh !
my darling darling precious beloved little fredie life is absolute hell