a parka that kohl 's described as having ` faux fur ' trim was found to have real fur from raccoon dogs .
the humane society issued a consumer warning tuesday after purchasing the men 's r&o hooded parka on the retailer 's website and conducting a test .
` kohl 's department store has been telling customers it has its act together when it comes to distinguishing between real and fake fur , but , according to our latest investigation , it 's violating a federal law by selling real raccoon dog fur advertised as `` faux , '' ' humane society president wayne pacelle wrote in a blog post on the organization 's website .
false advertising : a parka that kohl 's described as having ` faux fur ' trim was found to have real fur from raccoon dogs .
pj smith , the humane society 's corporate outreach manager , told usa today that the coat was sent to a lab that determined with ' a great degree of certainty that it was this particular species .
' ` raccoon dog fur is the species we 'd consider the most misrepresented , ' mr smith added .
he noted that the animal , which is indigenous to asia , is in the same family as the domestic dog , fox and wolf .
kohl 's subsequently issued an apology and removed the parka from its website .
` kohl 's standard vendor terms require that all merchandise must be free of any real animal fur unless expressly authorized in writing by kohl 's .
no such authorization was given here , ' the store said in a statement .
origin story : the raccoon dog , indigenous to east asia , is in the same family as the domestic dog , fox and wolf .
` once aware that the product was made with real fur , kohl 's immediately removed the product from our website.the parkas in question were sold online only and were not exclusive to kohl 's .
kohl 's has never held these items in our inventories , as they are directly shipped from the vendor to customers .
fewer than 100 of these parkas have been purchased through kohl 's .
' kohl 's also said that it would allow returns for customers who bought the parka under the impression that