in the battle to be the most extravagant mega yacht on the seas , it takes a lot to really impress .
while helipads , waterslides , and movie theatres are commonplace additions to the yachts of the super wealthy , a stylish italian vessel is making waves for being the first to feature a floating drive-in garage .
j'ade , by ferretti group company crn , features a hydraulic-operated hatch which can store an eight-metre speedboat without the use of a tender lift to hoist it out of the water .
scroll down for video .
innovative : the 196-foot yacht has a hydraulic-operated hatch which can store an eight-metre speedboat without the use of a tender lift to hoist it out of the water .
floating fortress : while swimming pools and helipads are commonplace on many a mega yacht , j'ade features the world 's first floating garage .
glide in : the internal basin floods and empties 18,000 litres of water in just three minutes , allowing the boat to enter the yacht without the use of a crane .
the internal basin , which holds 18,000 litres of water , floods and empties in just three minutes , enabling the boat -lrb- a 27ft riva iseo -rrb- to enter the yacht without using a crane .
when the speedboat is not being stored inside , the basin can also be utilised as an indoor ocean pool , accessible from the lower-deck terrace .
completed last year , the 60-metre yacht was the star attraction at last week 's monaco yacht show , where it was a finalist for the best interior award , only to miss out on the prize to the brand-new perini navi motor yacht grace e. j'ade made its debut at the annual yacht show last year , and also won the world yacht trophy at the 2013 international boat show .
honey , i 'm home : the one-of-a-kind garage enables the owner to access the yacht from their speed boat internally , via the vessel 's plush lower deck .
multi-purpose : when the speedboat is not being stored , the basin can also be used as an internal ocean pool , located just behind this luxury terrace .
beauty : the vessel won the world yacht trophy at the 2013 international boat show and was nominated for best interior