by .
emma innes .
published : .
11:04 est , 17 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:28 est , 18 may 2013 .
an asteroid nine times larger than the qe2 is due to sail past the earth later this month .
luckily , the giant space rock will get no closer than 3.6 million miles , or 15 times the distance between the earth and the moon .
scientists have named the asteroid 1998 qe2 but the name has nothing to do with the transatlantic cunard liner - it follows a code used for newly-discovered asteroids by the us minor planet centre in cambridge , massachusetts .
scroll down for video .
the giant space rock will get no closer than 3.6 million miles , or 15 times the distance between the earth and the moon .
the asteroid is believed to be about 1.7 miles long , or nine times the length of the queen elizabeth 2 .
it was discovered on august 19 , 1998 , by the massachusetts institute of technology lincoln near earth asteroid research -lrb- linear -rrb- programme near socorro , new mexico .
the object makes its closest approach to earth at 9.59 pm on may 31 .
scientists plan to scan it with radar using a 230ft wide dish telescope at the goldstone observatory in california 's mojave desert .
even from a distance of nearly four million miles , the researchers expect to resolve features on the asteroid as small as 12ft across .
chief investigator dr lance benner , from the american space agency nasa 's jet propulsion laboratory in pasadena , california , said : ` it is tremendously exciting to see detailed images of this asteroid for the first time .
the asteroid is believed to be about 1.7 miles long , or nine times the length of the queen elizabeth 2 .
` with radar we can transform an object from a point of light into a small world with its own unique set of characteristics .
' the asteroid will not make a return trip to the earth for at least another two centuries .
in 2016 nasa will launch a robotic sample return mission to one of the most potentially hazardous known near-earth objects -lrb- neos -rrb- , the asteroid -lrb- 101955 -rrb- bennu .
the asteroid , which measures a