ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats .
here is all the information you need for west ham 's home clash with qpr ... west ham united vs queens park rangers -lrb- upton park -rrb- .
kick-off : sunday 4.15 pm - sky sports 1 .
odds -lrb- subject to change -rrb- : .
west ham 10/11 .
draw 12/5 .
qpr 3/1 .
morgan amalfitano of west ham scores his team 's third goal against liverpool a fortnight ago .
referee : anthony taylor .
managers : sam allardyce -lrb- west ham -rrb- , harry redknapp -lrb- qpr -rrb- .
head-to-head league record : west ham wins 18 , draws 16 , qpr wins 14 .
team news .
west ham .
guy demel is the only fresh injury concern for west ham boss sam allardyce as the hammers host qpr in the barclays premier league .
demel pulled out of training with a knock on wednesday and may not recover in time for sunday 's clash at upton park while cheikhou kouyate -lrb- groin -rrb- , joey o'brien -lrb- knee -rrb- , mark noble -lrb- calf -rrb- and andy carroll -lrb- ankle -rrb- are all still out .
james tomkins was found guilty on monday of assaulting a police officer in december but the defender is included in the squad and matt jarvis is close to returning from a thigh problem sustained in pre-season .
provisional squad : adrian , jaaskelainen , cresswell , reid , burke , tomkins , collins , demel , jenkinson , song , poyet , amalfitano , jarvis , downing , vaz te , cole , zarate , sakho , valencia .
qpr .
joey barton and jordon mutch will face late fitness tests in a bid to return after hamstring injuries for qpr 's premier league trip to west ham on sunday .
brazilian midfielder sandro has been cleared to return after suffering a heavy blow to the head in last weekend 's 2-1 league defeat at southampton .
redknapp is expected to continue with a flat back four after starting the season favouring 3-5-2 , which could leave loan recruit wing back mauricio isla again unlikely to start .
provisional squad :