some 75,000 youngsters took part in the assisted places scheme , which ran for 17 years from 1980 before it was abolished by tony blair .
parents want a return of taxpayer-funded schemes to pay for bright children from poorer backgrounds to go to independent schools , a report says .
some 75,000 youngsters took part in the assisted places scheme , which ran for 17 years from 1980 before it was abolished by tony blair .
a report today on education and social mobility by the sutton trust campaign group says more parents now support rather than oppose schemes for the state to pay for able children to go to high-quality private schools .
an opinion poll by the trust found 41 per cent thought all children should have the chance to go to private school at taxpayers ' expense .
only 29 per cent were against , with the rest undecided .
the assisted places scheme began during margaret thatcher 's first term in power and was open to bright pupils from low and middle-income homes in england and wales whose parents could not afford full , independent school fees .
the government paid a proportion of the fees , depending on household income .
a previous ` direct grant ' scheme had been wound up in the 1970s , at the same time as the closure of most grammar schools .
critics say this led to a decline in social mobility .
the polling , carried out by yougov among 1,169 parents of school-aged children , also suggested that parents were swinging behind the idea of using ballots for places at over-subscribed state schools .
the system in which pupils are selected depending on how close they live to a school has led to claims it benefits affluent families who can afford to live in costly catchment areas .
the report also suggests working-class parents should be given means-tested vouchers that could be spent on extra tuition , books or cultural activities for their children .
dr lee elliot major , sutton trust policy director , said : ` there is a clear recognition in all the main political parties that we need to do a lot more to improve social mobility .
fairer admissions and fairer access must be at the heart of any programme to improve social mobility .
our poll shows a public appetite