they say elephants never forget but it seems to have slipped this one 's mind what species she is .
she prefers to hang out with the buffalo .
nzou , 46 , has lived on the imire black rhino and wildlife conservation area in zimbabwe since her parents were killed in the 1970s .
norman travers , imire 's founder , originally put nzou with a bull elephant within the only large herd animal which imire had at the time -- the buffalo .
buffalo solider : nzou towers over the buffalo but she is their matraicrh .
when the bull died , nzou had become acclimatised to living with the buffalo and had even taken on some of the characteristics of the buffalo and lost some of her elephantine qualities .
imire owner judy travers said : ` nzou is the matriarch of the entire farm but she chooses to spend her time with the buffalo .
` we have tried to reintroduce her to the elephant herd on the farm but she 's really happy where she is .
' i 'm in charge - nzou and her buffalo herd .
she protects them , looks after them but woebetide any young make who steps out of line .
nzou and her buffalo herd have their own way of communicating - they understand her rumbles and she , in turn , can understand their sounds .
nzou is happy with her unusual herd and , as long as they accept she is their leader , she is content to be their matriarch .
after several attempts to encourage her to become part of the elephant herd , norman decided that her rightful place should be back with the buffalo .
and there she has remained ever since .
` when newborns drop she is part of the herd that moves back to the mum and calf after they 've had a chance to build a relationship , ' says judy .
nzou has never lost her elephant 's instinct for loyalty .
matthew , her handler for many years , was one day charged by one of the young male buffalo and badly gored .
nzou has been with the buffalo so long she has forgotten how to speak to other elephants .
terribly hurt and losing blood , he crawled to the fence , accompanied every