by .
kerry mcqueeney .
updated : .
04:15 est , 6 march 2012 .
the wife of a british man facing arms dealing charges in the united states has described a judge 's decision to remand him in custody ahead of his trial in the united states as ` heartbreaking ' .
elaine tappin said it was an ` outrage ' that her 65-year-old husband christopher was refused bail after he was extradited to the united states two weeks ago .
judge robert castaneda ruled tappin must remain in custody after us prosecutors told the federal court in el paso , texas , he may be a ` danger to the community ' if released .
accused : an artist 's impression of christopher tappin at his bail hearing in the el paso federal courthouse .
heartbroken : elaine tappin with her husband christopher , before he was extradited to the u.s. mrs tappin , 62 , of orpington , kent , said : ` this is an outrage .
god only knows how he 'll bear up .
it 's heartbreaking .
' tappin has spent 23 hours a day locked in his cell at the otero county detention centre in new mexico since he was extradited to america .
his wife went on : ' i am shocked and deeply disappointed .
he 's a man of his word and is certainly not at risk of fleeing - where would he go ?
` he does n't have his passport or access to money .
why has the british government allowed him to be incarcerated in solitary confinement for 23 hours a day before he 's even been tried ?
` tony blair helped the natwest three , why ca n't david cameron help chris ?
' denied bail : the prison van carrying christopher tappin away from the federal courthouse after he was remanded in custody .
mrs tappin added : ` he 's not a danger to anyone - he 's a 65-year-old granddad .
` how is he supposed to prepare a proper defence when he 's only been allowed to communicate with his lawyers from behind a plastic screen ?
' tappin lost his two-year battle .
against extradition to america two weeks ago and denies attempting to .
sell batteries for surface-to-air missiles which were to be shipped from .
the us