ever wondered what it would be like to take on usain bolt in a race ?
despite your chance of winning being approximately nil , the world 's first ever sports theme park , which is to open in barcelona next year , opines to give you the opportunity to do just that .
open camp , the amusement park planned for the city 's olympic venues , will offer more than 50 ` virtual experiences with links to every sport ' according to officials .
scroll down for video ... regeneration : the park is planned for barcelona 's ` neglected ' olympic venues .
in a promotional video for the # 16million park , visitors are shown experiencing virtual ski jumping , while donning ski gear in a wind tunnel , as well as being strapped to machines designed to recreate speed swimming in an olympic-sized pool .
the park will also stage daily awards ceremonies to dole out bronze , silver and gold .
the venture is expected to create at .
least 240 jobs , as well as bringing in and eventually bring in over # 40million per year .
on your marks , get set , go : open camp will offer more than 50 virtual experiences including swimming in an olympic-sized pool .
the park , which is set to open in 2015 , will even give visitors the chance to try out ski jumping .
the park will offer , what its planners call ` the best technology on the planet ' to create the ` sportainment ' experience .
` visitors will be able to feel what it is like to be professional football players , run a smooth 100 meters against usain bolt , take part in any olympic games race recreated exactly as it was in reality and experience a medals ceremony , ' said bosses .
park planners say it will inject new life to the city 's olympic venues , as well as creating jobs and attracting tourists .
the park will give visitors the chance to race against sporting greats such as usain bolt .
the park is intended to reinvigorate the venues that hosted barcelona 's olympics in 1992 , which have continued to host sports events as well as music concerts .
tickets will range from around # 16 - # 24 according to the