by .
tamara cohen and matt chorley .
published : .
20:25 est , 17 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:17 est , 18 november 2013 .
one of britain 's wealthiest men has pledged to do ` whatever it takes ' to ensure nigel farage 's uk independence party triumphs in next year 's elections to the european parliament .
eurosceptic businessman paul sykes , a former conservative party backer , is promising to bankroll ukip 's campaign .
his intervention will heighten concerns within the tory ranks that the seemingly inexorable rise of ukip could scupper any hopes they have of securing an outright majority in the next general election in 2015 .
donation : wealthy businessman paul sykes is promising to donate millions to ukip .
in his last significant foray into the political arena mr sykes donated a reported # 1.5 million to ukip 's 2004 european election campaign .
the party quadrupled its seats from three to 12 .
however , ukip trails behind the other main parties in fundraising and lacks the financial firepower needed to mount a major campaign .
in the latest figures released by the electoral commission , ukip received just # 113,326 in donations from july to september .
the tories received # 3.3 million , labour # 3.2 million and the liberal democrats # 800,000 .
mr sykes , who has been estimated to be worth # 650million , has given no indication of how much he is prepared to donate this time other than to say he will do ` whatever it takes ' to ensure it is the largest uk party in the european parliament .
` i believe we have one last chance to stop the gradual erosion of our national independence .
and that chance comes with the european elections , ' he said in a statement .
` if , as i hope and believe , ukip score a stunning national victory , then the leaders of the other main parties will have no choice but to abandon their slavish support for the eu .
' although the european elections are a poor indicator of performance in westminster elections , there will be concern among tories that a strong showing by ukip next year will give them renewed momentum going into the general election .
defected : mr sykes joined nigel