by .
ian drury .
published : .
04:39 est , 18 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
05:11 est , 19 january 2014 .
touch choice : a rule of the armed forces pension scheme states that if a widow marries or cohabits with a new love she will forfeit her retirement fund .
military widows are having to choose between love and their pensions because ministers refuse to axe ` dickensian ' rules governing their income .
campaigners are furious the government has rejected proposals to relax the system which forces a bereaved wife to give up her pension if she enters a new relationship .
up to 400 widows have had their pensions seized in the past year because of the ` obscene ' rule and another 1,000 face losing their retirement pot next year .
the forces pension society accused the .
coalition of breaking the military covenant -- which sets out the .
nation 's duty of care to the armed forces .
air .
marshal sir christopher coville , chairman of the fps , said the decision .
had ` given our widows a slap in the face for christmas ' .
he .
added : ` any government that thinks it is right to leave a service widow .
with the cruel dilemma of having to give up her income or give up a new .
love should be deeply ashamed of itself .
` it 's .
an obscenity in modern society .
decent women with a natural human need .
for love and partnership are being turned into criminals .
' the .
rule applies to the old armed forces pension scheme and states that if a .
widow finds new love , marries or cohabits she will forfeit her .
retirement fund .
it excludes widows of soldiers killed in action .
despite .
a new system introduced in 2005 , allowing widows to keep their income .
if they remarry , around 150,000 ex-servicemen are still part of the .
older scheme .
sir christopher said many women had .
sacrificed their careers because of their husband 's work in the armed .
forces and had been unable to build their own pension pots .
he added : ` this is intolerable -- the cost of ceasing this practice is negligible , the hardship in continuing it