authorities have suspended carnival festivities in the brazilian city of paraty after gunfire killed one person and injured nine others .
the mayor 's office of the seaside colonial city says a man opened fire in a central plaza during the bloco da lama , or mud street party , killing a 21-year-old man and injuring nine others .
police are searching for the shooter .
city officials met with carnival representatives and decided to suspend festivities on sunday .
carnival festivities in the brazilian city of paraty , pictured here duing the mud block event , have been suspende after gunfire killed one person and injured nine others .
they did not say if they would be allowed to resume on monday and tuesday.a statement from the municipality called the decision `` an act against violence and to promote peace .
`` in paraty 's carinval , revelers throw themselves into mud deposits , emerging totally covered in sludge .
they dance on the beach amid cavemen chants of ` uga , uga .
' as locals and tourists alike , some scantily clad in hot and humid conditions , danced their hearts out , violence put a dampener on proceedings in three other cities holding their own festivities .
in sao paulo , web news portal g1 quoted police as saying a man was stabbed to death at a street fest late saturday , cbn radio reported .
another shooting saw one person hurt in the northern city of salvador , which hosts one of brazil 's most spectacular carnivals .
in rio , the urban violence that so often scars the life of the city of more than six million has faded into the distance , at least for five days of festivities that began friday and drew more than a million people saturday to `` blocos '' street parties .
huge crowds descended on ipanema beach to watch some of the most popular groups , including simpatia e quase amor -lrb- friendship is almost love -rrb- .
although the atmosphere has been joyful , rio authorities have deployed 15,000 police just in case emotions boil over amid the heat mixed with alcohol .
an unidentified man opened fire in a central plaza during the bloco da lama , or mud street party , killing one still unnamed man and leaving nine more injured .
cordao da