shocking : martin winter has revealed ed miliband 's bombshell confession in his explosive new memoir .
it 's a devastating indictment of the labour leader by the man who made him an mp .
fallout , the forthcoming book by martin winter , a former labour mayor of doncaster , serialised here , reveals a portrait of the young ed miliband that would be funny were it not so shocking .
for in nine and half weeks between march and may 2005 , when the winter family took miliband into their home and orchestrated his election as mp for doncaster north , we see the future leader almost set himself alight , buy a prayer mat to cover scorch marks to his office carpet and be out-negotiated by the winters ' three young children .
but amid the farce there is a bombshell confession : miliband tells winter that ed balls backed a snap general election in 2007 because ` the economy is going to fall off a cliff and this is our best chance of winning an election ' .
it is a revelation that winter has no doubt will infuriate the labour high command , but last night he vowed to face down any attempt by ` labour attack dogs ' to undermine his explosive revelations .
winter said he expected miliband 's allies to condemn him for revealing the private conversations .
but he had no regrets about speaking out .
` people are entitled to know the truth about a man who wants to be prime minister , ' he said .
` my partner carolyne and i know him better than most labour mps -- he lived with us and we made him an mp .
` we also know that he can not be trusted .
in 2007 , he told both of us in our sitting room that the economy was going to `` fall off a cliff '' a year before it did -- and that labour had cynically planned an early general election for that reason .
on the stump : miliband and winter meet people in doncaster after his selection as labour candidate in 2005 .
` labour attack dogs may try to deny it -- just like they did when in 2008 alistair darling was chancellor and said the crash was coming .
but they are wasting their