by .
mario ledwith .
published : .
20:06 est , 11 may 2012 .
| .
updated : .
12:53 est , 12 may 2012 .
controversial weapons known as ` sonic cannons ' will be used during the london olympics , the ministry of defence revealed yesterday .
the devices emit a pain-inducing noise , said to be as loud as a military jet taking off , which can be used to disperse crowds .
the long range acoustic device , which is made in america , will also be used to control possible riots at the football european championships this summer .
olympic preparations : a royal marines landing craft , top , fitted with an american-made long range acoustic device -lrb- lrad -rrb- at the front , exercises with a patrol craft on the thames .
the devices were tested by the mod last week during a major security exercise before the olympics .
they can emit noises of up to 150 decibels and are said to be highly directional , meaning security forces are able to point the devices at clear target groups .
a video of the device being used at a g20 protest in the us shows demonstrators running away covering their ears .
as well as emitting ear-splitting tones , the device can also be used to communicate verbal messages to crowds , such as telling them to disperse .
a spokesman for the mod said the weapon would be used ` primarily in loud hailer mode ' .
ear-piercing : the ` sonic cannon ' similar to the one pictured here emits a loud pain-inducing noise .
it could be used to disperse crowds during the olympics .
sound advice : as well as emitting ear-splitting tones , the device , similar to this one , can also be used to communicate verbal messages to crowds , such as telling them to disperse .
the device has previously been used by the us army in iraq , while the us navy has used them in operations against somali pirates .
a ministry of defence spokesman said : ` as part of the military contribution to the police led security effort to ensure a safe and secure games , a broad range of assets and equipment is being used by our armed forces .
' the mod is undertaking a huge security