by .
ray massey and chris parsons .
published : .
02:59 est , 27 july 2012 .
| .
updated : .
13:13 est , 27 july 2012 .
the high-speed ` javelin ' train designed to whisk olympic visitors to stratford had a false start on the opening day of the games when this morning 's first official train departed late because a driver failed to turn up for work .
the southeastern train company had designated the 7.04 am from st pancras station in london to the park in stratford as the beginning of the service .
but the 140mph japanese-built train did not leave stratford until 7.09 am , as travel bosses were forced to delay the train while it waited for a replacement driver , as the scheduled worker had called in sick .
left waiting : olympic volunteers and games visitors wait to board the delayed javelin train this morning , on its first day whisking people to stratford .
officials said the delay was caused by a driver who did not turn up at work due to illness .
the train , pictured this morning , will eventually ferry 25,000 people per hour to and from the olympic park .
one of those on the delayed train today was a chef working in a hospitality area at the park .
he has been travelling to stratford from luton via st pancras for the past few days .
he said today : ` not one of my trains has been on time .
it was 15 minutes late one day .
' once under way , today 's delayed 7.04 am service raced to stratford international station in east london in less than seven minutes .
there were also travel problems in and around east london on the day of the opening ceremony , as tube lines and mainline services were delayed .
super quick : once working , the 140mph javelin trains will whisk games visitors from st pancras station -lrb- pictured -rrb- to stratford in just seven minutes .
one of the hold-ups was at north greenwich where the games ' gymnastics and basketball is being held .
the .
north greenwich problem was a signal failure on the jubilee line - just .
two stops from the main olympic station at stratford .
those heading to london from east anglia were