by .
associated press .
and david martosko , u.s. political editor .
half the u.s. senate urged nfl commissioner roger goodell on thursday to change the washington redskins ' name , saying it is a ` racist slur ' and the time is ripe to replace it .
in one letter , a group of 49 democrats cited the nba 's quick action recently to ban los angeles clippers owner donald sterling for life after he was heard on an audio recording making offensive comments about blacks .
they said goodell should formally push to rename the redskins .
` we urge you and the national football league to send the same clear message as the nba did : that racism and bigotry have no place in professional sports , ' read the letter , which did not use the word `` redskins .
'' ' scroll down to read the democrats ' letter .
the washington redskins mascot is an 80-year-old dignified drawing but it 's created a modern race-politics kerfuffle .
fans love it : the redskins name has inspired merchandise , a team song , and hundreds of thousands of loyal fans .
should the washington redskins change their name ?
the letters come at a time of growing .
pressure to change the team name , with statements in recent months from .
president barack obama , lawmakers of both parties and civil rights .
groups .
sen. bill nelson , a florida democrat , wrote his own letter saying he does n't believe that retaining the redskin name ` is appropriate in this day and age .
' he described himself as ` one of your great fans for both the game and you personally .
' redskins owner daniel snyder has refused to change the name , citing tradition .
the franchise has been known as the redskins since 1933 , when it played in boston .
in a written response , nfl spokesman brian mccarthy said ` diversity and inclusion ' has long been a focus of the nfl .
` the intent of the team 's name has always been to present a strong , positive and respectful image , ' mccarthy said .
` the name is not used by the team or the nfl in any other context , though we respect those that view it differently .
'