by .
david williams .
and will stewart .
eu foreign policy chief catherine ashton gave controversial ukrainian opposition leader yulia tymoshenko a warm embrace yesterday , as she promised the country help in fighting its financial crisis .
the first senior foreign official to visit ukraine 's capital kiev since president viktor yanukovych was overthrown , baroness ashton urged russia to allow its neighbour to move forward ` in the way it chooses ' .
` we are here to say we want to support and help the country to stay strong and to go forward in the way it chooses to , ' she said .
embrace : baroness ashton hugged former president yulia tymoshenko after pledging to support ukraine .
` we also think it is very important to send a strong message about the territorial integrity , and the unity and the independence of ukraine .
' baroness ashton said ukraine needed ` short-term help and long-term investment ' , but any british involvement in a # 19billion bailout has been described as ` completely unacceptable ' by mps .
the meeting came on another day of dramatic developments which saw yanukovych still on the run , his former chief of staff -- and one of the few believed to know where he is -- shot and wounded , and elite police officers suspected of shooting at protesters forced to beg for forgiveness from their colleagues .
amid extraordinary scenes in the city of lviv , the officers were greeted with chants of ` shame !
' and ` tribunal !
' but claimed they had not killed or beaten people themselves .
so far , only yanukovych has been charged with crimes against humanity after the killing by security forces of 82 protesters in kiev , but there were claims yesterday that secret documents linked a senior moscow intelligence figure to an operation to wipe out protest leaders .
if true , the papers could be hugely damaging to russia , allegedly showing two secret operations to target protesters called ` boomerang ' and ` wave ' .
she said the country needs long-term investment and russia ` must let it go forward in the way it chooses ' her words come as claims emerge that moscow intelligence documents vow to wipe out protest leaders .
ukraine 's parliament yesterday called on the international criminal