by .
associated press .
a woman drank sweet tea containing a toxic cleaning chemical , severely burning her mouth and throat , after a utah restaurant employee mistook the substance for sugar and mixed it into a dispenser , the woman 's attorney said thursday .
jan harding , 67 , is in critical condition at a salt lake city hospital 's burn unit , unable to talk and fighting for her life , lawyer paxton guymon said .
the restaurant manager and investigators have told the woman 's family that the worker accidentally put large quantities of a product containing lye into the iced-tea dispenser at dickey 's barbecue pit in south jordan , he said .
the chemical is common at restaurants and used to degrease deep fryers .
harding and her husband had just arrived at the restaurant after church sunday when she took a sip of the tea and exclaimed to her husband : ' i think i just drank acid .
' scroll down for video .
a 67-year-old woman remains in extremely critical condition after drinking a sweet tea containing lye at at dickey 's barbecue pit near salt lake city .
jim harding rushed his wife to a nearby hospital .
she was then flown to the university of utah hospital , where she remained thursday , guymon said .
harding 's husband and their three adult children were by her side , praying for her recovery .
the family declined to comment through guymon , who spoke on their behalf .
` it 's disturbing that this kind of toxic , poisonous material would be in the food prep area and somehow find its way into the iced tea vat , ' guymon said .
' i do n't know how something like that can happen .
' south jordan police are still investigating how the chemical ended up in the jug of sweet tea , but they think it was accidental , south jordan police cpl. sam winkler said .
investigators are reviewing video footage from inside the restaurant and interviewing staff who worked that day and in the days leading up to the incident .
they have determined harding is the only victim , winkler said .
it appears she was the first to drink the tea that day , and restaurant employees dumped it out after she was