by .
meghan keneally .
published : .
18:14 est , 13 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
18:14 est , 13 november 2012 .
the irony of the former cia director getting caught in a sex scandal even though he was presumably the country 's top spymaster is obvious .
but that does n't mean that david petraeus and his biographer-turned-mistress paula broadwell did n't use some handy espionage tradecrafts to keep their liaisons a secret for nearly a year .
petraeus and broadwell would communicate using a dummy gmail account that they set up as a modern version of the classic spy ` dead drop ' trick , where they would leave their messages in the account 's draft folder to save it for the other to see .
affair : david petraeus is pictured with paula broadwell , his biographer and alleged mistress .
insult : a photograph in june 2011 shows .
broadwell watching as petraeus and his wife holly arrive for a senate .
select intelligence committee hearing on petraeus ' nomination to be .
director of the cia .
rather than sending each other actual .
emails , which would create an electronic paper trail , they would write .
messages and save them as drafts .
the other would then log in to the same account , view the message , delete it and then leave a response that would also be saved rather than sent .
dead drops , wherein spies leave messages for their sources or informants at a neutral location and then the individual would go and pick up the message before returning with their own response .
in the digital era , however , gmail 's draft folder creates an easy space for teenagers , terrorists , and apparently philandering politicians to do the same .
deception : paula broadwell is married to a .
radiologist , scott broadwell -lrb- left -rrb- , and they have two young sons .
together , while petraeus has been married to holly for 38 years .
they .
have two grown children .
petraeus was the one to set up the fake account in this case , and he used a pseudonym to do so .
the pair may never have been caught if broadwell did n't go against the papertrail the save-but-don ` t-send trick safeguarded the lovers from