on trial : captain francesco schettino , who was in charge of the cruise ship costa concordia when it steered into rocks and sank at the cost of 32 lives .
the captain who piloted the cruise ship costa concordia onto rocks off tuscany , killing 32 , should serve 26 years in jail , prosecutors said today .
the trial of captain francesco schettino had proved he ` thought only and always about himself , ' said prosecutor maria navarro in scathing closing statements .
she told the makeshift courthouse in grosetto that schettina had lied from the start , never apologised to the victims and saved his own life ` without even getting his shoes wet ' .
calling him a flight risk , she asked the court to detain him again and seize his passport and navigation licence .
schettino is being tried for manslaughter , causing the shipwreck and abandoning the concordia while many passengers and crew members were still aboard .
survivors of the january 13 , 2012 , wreck described a chaotic and delayed evacuation , with lifeboats unable to lower because the ship was already listing so much .
ms navarro said the requested sentence , beyond the 20-year maximum speculated , was not ` exaggerated ' considering italy 's high court recently confirmed a 10-year prison sentence for a car accident that killed four people .
the defense is expected to respond in court starting february 9 , with a verdict expected thereafter .
schettino claims he saved lives by steering the liner to shore after it hit uncharted rocks .
he accuses his crew of botching his orders and blamed faulty generators aboard the ship for contributing to the disaster .
defense lawyer donato laino was incredulous at the prosecutors ' request to re-arrest schettino , saying the flight risk was ` nonexistent .
' slammed : schettino arrives in court with his lawyer , where he heard the prosecution alleged he had lied from the start , never apologised to the victims and saved his own life ` without even getting his shoes wet ' shipwrecked on the italian coast : in this file photo taken on january 14 , 2012 , the luxury cruise ship costa concordia lays on its side after running aground the tiny tuscan island of giglio , italy .
schettino was granted house arrest soon