with christmas just two weeks away , some of us may be worrying how we 'll pay for all those presents .
not noddy holder .
slade 's merry xmas everybody has earned more than # 500,000 in royalties for 2013 alone -- and the total could swell by a further # 300,000 by the 25th .
slade , the pogues and mariah carey earn small fortunes from their festive hits every winter , thanks to radio coverage and compilation album sales .
now analysts have estimated the money earned by the most popular tracks by combining radio , internet and tv data with statistics on royalties from the performing right society , which collects fees when music is played everywhere from radio 1 to jukeboxes and shops .
their findings suggest that holder was n't far off when he said that owning the rights to his band 's 1973 hit was ` like winning the lottery every december 25 for the rest of your life ' .
merry xmas everybody -- thought by the prs to be the most heard song in the world -- is the biggest earner by far , with # 512,000 raked in already this year .
raking it in : slade front man noddy holder does n't have to worry about paying for his christmas presents .
its closest rival -- the pogues ' fairytale of new york -- lags behind with # 386,270 .
mariah carey is third with all i want for christmas is you , the newest song in the top five , which was released in 1994 .
office party favourite last christmas by wham !
was fourth , followed by cliff richard 's mistletoe and wine .
east 17 's stay another day also makes the list , although purists would question whether it truly is a christmas song .
the lyrics do not contain any festive references -- but with the help of a snow-filled video , the track has become a mainstay of christmas playlists since its release in late 1994 .
unfortunately for some , not everyone who sings a christmas hit retains the rights to make a fortune -- no matter how well-loved their hit turns out to be .
in 2011 , boney m singer liz mitchell revealed she had earned hardly anything from the band 's track mary 's boy child -- despite