by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
00:17 est , 23 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
05:29 est , 23 october 2012 .
like binders full of women and big bird before them , mitt romney has become the target of a new string of memes from internet jokesters .
before the conclusion of the third and final debate tonight , the world wide web was abuzz with horses and bayonets , a term that stole the show .
the president 's sarcastic retort to .
romney 's jab about the size of the navy took off instantly on social .
networks and dominated online discussion of the candidates ' final .
debate .
` well , .
governor , we also have fewer horses and bayonets ... we have these things .
called aircraft carriers , where planes land on them , ' obama said .
scroll down for video .
charge : the horses and bayonets line took on new life on social networking sites like twitter and facebook .
meme : before the conclusion of the third and final debate tonight , the world wide web was abuzz with the horses and bayonets , a term that stole the show .
face-off : president obama and mitt romney share a laugh as they 're introduced at the final presidential debate .
he added : ` we .
have these ships that go underwater , nuclear submarines .
and so the .
question is not a game of battleship , where we 're counting ships .
' not long after , a horses and bayonets tumblr page was started .
the remarks became comedy gold for .
numerous photoshoppers , taking horses , bayonets and battleship and .
cramming them into the newest online craze .
special guests : one meme brought big bird back into the fray , while another invoked ` the most interesting man in the world ' from the dos equis commercials .
making history : romney makes a cameo in a civil war scene , thanks to obama 's ` horses and bayonets ' remark .
jokes : it did n't take long for obama 's comment to come back to haunt romney on the internet .
a meme declaring ` obama just sank romney 's battleship ' generated more than 84,000 likes on facebook and was shared