security-conscious drivers can put their worries at ease after bmw unveiled its latest armoured car with claims it can withstand the fire from an ak-47 .
the german manufacturer revealed the bmw x5 security plus car at the moscow motorshow , which is taking place in the russian capital this week .
many of the world 's top car makers chose to display their bullet-proof cars at the event , with bmw claiming it is the first manufacturer to offer protection from an ak-47 attack .
scroll down for video .
the bmw x5 security , which can withstand an attack from blunt objects or by a gun .
the car has been rigorously tested and comes with special reinforced steel and shatter-proof glass .
according to bmw , the x5 security plus provides protection from all kinds of street crime , whether the vehicle is attacked by a blunt object or by a handgun .
and they add : ` officially certified as offering class vr6 ballistic protection , it is the first vehicle specifically designed to protect against the world 's most widely used firearm , the ak-47 , while at the same time offering drivers the everyday flexibility they need .
' the car is fitted with special steel and shatterproof glass and comes with an eight-cylinder , turbocharged engine generating 450 horsepower , which means drivers can power their vehicle away if they feel they are in danger .
other safety features customers can chose from include run-flat tyres , a self-sealing fuel tank , an attack alarm and an intercom system .
bmw claim it is the first manufacturer to offer protection from an ak-47 attack in its security vehicles .
but despite the safety features , bmw also add that it drives like any other sports utility vehicle offered by the company .
however , with normal x5 series vehicles starting from # 43,000 , an x5 security plus is likely to cost around # 110,000 .
the model joins bmw 's previous security car , the bmw 7 series high security , which is designed for high-ranking officials and corporate executives .
despite the safety features , bmw also add that it drives like any other sports utility vehicle offered by the company .
other safety features customers can chose from include run-flat tyres , a self-sealing fuel tank , an attack alarm