two men accused of the rape and murder of four prostitutes while on parole face the possible death penalty after a grand jury in california agreed to send them forward for trial .
steven dean gordon , 45 and franc cano , 28 , both of anaheim , california were both indicted by the grand jury in orange county for four felony counts of special circumstances murder during the commission of rape , kidnapping , lying in wait and multiple rape .
they also face four felony counts of forcible rape .
according to the orange county district attorney 's office , both men , upon conviction face a minimum sentence of life imprisonment without the possibility of parole .
stephen dean gordon , left , and franc cano , right , face the death penalty after a grand jury in orange county , california decided to indict them on four felony counts of murder and rape after a three-day hearing .
gordon and cano were on parole at the time of the crimes and were wearing gps tracking devices .
the da 's office confirmed that the grand jury heard testimony from 16 witnesses over a three-day period before returning the indictment on the fourth day .
both men are expected back in court later today .
they have been in custody since their arrest in april .
prosecutors say cano and gordon worked together to sexually assault and kill the california women while the men were wearing the tracking devices ordered after prior sex crimes .
the monitoring systems helped investigators link the pair to the slayings earlier this year after the body of jarrae nykkole estepp was found at an anaheim household waste recycling facility .
messages were left for the men 's attorneys seeking comment .
gordon and cano were expected to be arraigned friday in orange county superior court .
jarrae nykkole estepp , 21 , from oklahoma , left , whose body was found on a conveyor belt at a recycling centre in anaheim prompted the initial investigation which led to the other cases including martha anaya , 28 , right .
josephine monique vargas , left , and kianna jackson , 20 , right , were also raped and murdered .
the case has raised questions about the effectiveness of gps devices and other forms of parole supervision in tracking offenders and deterring