carol thatcher said yesterday that she was expecting a ` tough and tearful week ' as she prepared for her mother 's funeral .
speaking outside the family home in belgravia , central london , margaret thatcher 's daughter said she felt ` like anyone else who has just lost a second parent ' .
but dressed in a black shawl , black trousers and clutching a pair of sunglasses , ms thatcher made clear she had found comfort in the messages of sympathy and support .
scroll down for video .
` tough and tearful ' : carol thatcher made the poignant comment to media .
gathered outside the family home in chester square , london .
grateful : miss thatcher , 59 , whose twin brother mark can be seen standing behind , thanked well-wishers for their outpouring of sympathy and support .
giving an ` enormous personal thank .
you ' for those messages , she said : ` these have given me strength .
but i .
know this is going to be a tough and tearful week , even for the daughter .
of the iron lady .
' ms thatcher hailed the ` magnificent .
tributes ' from world leaders , including us president barack obama , as .
proof that her mother 's place in history was assured .
` i would like to say that i feel like .
anyone else who has just lost a second parent .
it 's a deeply sad and .
rather thought-provoking moment in life .
` my mother once said to me : `` carol , i think my place in history is assured .
'' ` the magnificent tributes this week , .
the wonderful words of president obama , and the others of colleagues who .
once worked alongside her , have proved her right .
' miss thatcher , 59 , made the poignant .
remark to reporters and thanked well-wishers for their outpouring of .
sympathy and support since baroness thatcher 's death on monday .
she said it had given her strength in the days before wednesday 's funeral for the former prime minister at st paul 's cathedral .
` magnificent tributes ' : baroness thatcher 's son sir mark looks on as his .
twin sister speaks to the media outside the family home .
` deeply sad