by .
jason groves .
published : .
05:31 est , 17 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
20:58 est , 17 december 2012 .
nick clegg boasted he vetoed more than # 6billion of ` draconian ' tory welfare cuts yesterday -- but insisted pensioner benefits should not go to the better off .
the deputy prime minister directly contradicted david cameron 's stance on maintaining free bus passes and free tv licences for the over 75s and the annual winter fuel payment .
` money should not be paid to those who do not need it , ' he said .
scroll down for video .
at odds : nick clegg contradicted prime minister david cameron on maintaining free bus passes and free tv licences for the over 75s and the annual winter fuel payment .
mr clegg , who marks his fifth anniversary as liberal democrat leader today , made his comments at think tank centre forum amid mounting speculation about his own position .
on sunday his deputy simon hughes acknowledged that he was ` in trouble ' and facing internal ` chatter ' about his leadership .
yesterday mr clegg 's former chief of staff richard reeves said the ` curtain will probably fall ' on the coalition before 2015 if the party fails to boost its opinion poll ratings which have slipped into single figures .
and the lib dem peer lord oakeshott .
warned it would be ` curtains ' for the party at the next election unless .
the economy improved dramatically .
sources .
close to mr clegg insist his position as leader is secure .
but they .
acknowledge the need to ` differentiate ' the party from the tories to win .
back the legions of voters who have deserted since the election .
mr clegg used a speech at the centreforum think tank to boast he had blocked ` draconian ' tory cuts to welfare , and said the need for ` fairness ' meant handouts for 0ver-65s had to be looked at .
this .
strategy accelerated yesterday , with mr clegg claiming he had acted as a .
moderating influence on ` extreme ' tory demands for welfare cuts in this .
month 's autumn statement on the economy .
the deputy prime minister said he had .
vetoed a proposal from the prime