by .
alex gore .
published : .
05:01 est , 1 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:40 est , 2 march 2013 .
not everyone was getting in the holy spirit when millions of hindus gathered to wash away their sins .
this youngster looked anything but pleased to be taking part in the impressive religious ritual at the confluence of the ganges , yamuna and mythic saraswatis river in india .
the 55-day festival attracts an estimated 100 million pilgrims to the area , known as sangam , and happens just once every 12 years .
tantrum : a young hindu does not want to join in the maha kumbh mela ritual in india 's ganges river .
mass worship : up to 100 million hindus take part in the 55-day festival in the country 's northern region .
battle for nectar : the festival celebrates the victory of gods over demons in a battle for immortality .
faith : hindu worshipers believe that a bath in the river during the festival can rid them of their sins .
the maha kumbh mela is one of hinduism 's holiest celebrations and is thought to be the largest religious gathering in the world .
it celebrates the victory of gods over demons in a battle for nectar that would grant them immortality .
as one of the gods fled with a pitcher of the nectar , a drop spilled at the holy site , near the town of allahabad , northern india , worshipers believe .
participants at the kumbh believe a bath in the river on one of the festival 's auspicious bathing days can rid them of their sins .
devotees : the river becomes a mass of bodies during the celebrations , with men stripping to their underwear .
holy men : members of the juna akhara sect participate in rituals close to the town of allahabad .
site of significance : festivities happen at the confluence of the ganges , yamuna and mythic saraswatis river .
the river becomes a mass of bodies .
during the celebrations , with men and their sons stripping to their .
underwear to wade in the water alongside veiled women .
many dunk their heads under the water , while others drink it and even bottle it to taking it home as gifts .
among the