not many people can claim to have shattered a major american record aged just 13 years , 10 months and 27 days .
but chess prodigy samuel sevian can now do just that .
the teenager has been crowned america 's youngest-ever grandmaster , easily besting the country 's previous record holder by more than a year .
at a tournament in st louis last weekend , he won all four of his games to push his world chess federation rating past 2,500 points - enough to secure grandmaster status .
chess prodigy samuel sevian pushed his world chess federation rating past 2,500 points at a tournament in st louis to achieve the elite status of grandmaster , aged just 13 years and 10 months .
' i feel really good and somewhat relieved .
this was one of my best tournament performances , ' the teen told afp , noting that he had beaten three grandmasters during the event in only 20-25 moves .
his father armen - a scientist born and raised in armenia who later emigrated to the united states - is bursting with pride .
` he really outplayed his opponents in three games .
but the fourth , it was really back and forth , it was n't clear , ' he said .
` it was like a blitz , it came down to the last seconds .
both players were shaking .
' the previous record for the youngest us grandmaster was held by ray robson , who achieved the title two weeks before he turned 15 .
american legend bobby fischer also once held the record .
at an august tournament , samuel had put the record within reach , getting to within 14 points of the 2,500 needed for the elite grandmaster title .
at age nine , samuel became the youngest-ever american chess master receiving a rating of 2,201 .
the young chess wizard is well accustomed to setting us records , having become the youngest american expert -lrb- another ranking -rrb- shortly before his 10th birthday .
at 12 years and 10 months , he became the country 's youngest international master .
samuel 's next target is to get to 2,600 points , which would secure him invitations to the most prestigious tournaments .
his ultimate dream is to become world champion ; the question is when he