far beyond the orbit of neptune , trillions of comets left over from the formation of the solar system lie in wait in a region known as the oort cloud .
here they are kept in relatively stable orbits around the sun , posing little threat to earth save for the occasional icy rock that ventures inwards .
but in the blink of a cosmic eye that could all change , as stars have been found that could pass near our solar system in 240,000 years - and it they might shower us with thousands of deadly comets .
a scientist from the max planck institute in germany says a star could have a closer encounter with earth ` soon ' - in cosmic terms .
dr coryn bailer-jones says there is a 90 % chance one will come within 0.6 light-years of earth in 500,000 years .
this could send comets towards our planet -lrb- illustrated -rrb- .
according to dr coryn bailer-jones from the max planck institute for astronomy in heidelberg , germany , there are several stars that could pose a danger to our solar system .
as our sun performs its cosmic dance around the milky way , it comes closer to and further from other stars in the vicinity .
the star of most danger is hip 85605 , a star slightly smaller than our sun that has a 90 per cent chance of coming between 0.13 and 0.65 light-years of earth in 240,000 to 470,000 years .
the oort cloud is a vast and mysterious region that is thought to surround our solar system .
it contains trillions of comets left over from the birth of the universe - and possibly larger objects like dwarf planets as well .
it begins at about 0.08 light-years from the sun - 170 times the orbit of neptune - and extends out to about 0.8 light-years .
occasionally , comets from the region make their way into the solar system , known as long-period comets .
one of the most famous this year was comet siding spring , which brushed past mars on 19 october .
however , apart from these brief visitors , not much is known about the oort cloud .
it has never been directly observed , and it is not exactly known how large it is - although it is thought to define