by .
deborah arthurs .
published : .
10:39 est , 3 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:01 est , 3 september 2013 .
she spent most of her recent holiday in cornwall barefoot .
but back in london and back to business , samantha cameron today chose to slip into some footwear that would let her hit the ground running .
literally .
the pm 's wife stepped out today in a snazzy pair of nike air max trainers , pairing the trendy # 85 sport shoes with black trousers and a casual top .
casual : samantha cameron talks with lord feldman outside downing st this morning as husband david held a cabinet meeting .
of course , samcam .
is no stranger to keep-fit wear .
both she and david are .
frequently seen on their bikes cycling around westminster or working .
out with their personal trainer matt roberts .
but today , it looked like samantha was wearing the shoe for aesthetic reasons rather than for any sort of sporting activity .
and she would n't be the first either .
the air max is no longer a shoe that is reserved for sport .
since its release in 80s , the chunky-soled trainer with its .
distinctive air pocket has been a stalwart in the nike stable , with new models released regularly .
just doing it !
samantha cameron stepped out in a brand new pair of nike trainers today .
but this year the air max has really soared in popularity .
helped .
along by the recent surge in 80s and 90s fashions , the air max has been .
seen on the feet of everyone from rita ora and rihanna to barack obama .
now it would be a crime to buy them in white when there are myriad finishes , patterns and prints available .
proving she has her finger firmly on the fashion pulse , samcam went for camouflage with neon orange flashes .
on trend : samantha cameron 's trainers are the # 85 nike air max in thea print .
heritage : the nike air max range was first introduced in 1987 but has recently seen a major resurgence .
it 's not just samantha cameron .
the pm 's wife is the latest in a long line of fashionable types who have