a mother from the new south wales north coast has told how she found out about her 14-year-old daughter 's suicide on facebook .
donna rathborne 's biological daughter karmah jayne hall killed herself in early september at her foster carer 's property at kenthurst in north-western sydney .
in an interview with the abc , ms rathborne said authorities did not tell her what had happened to her daughter .
instead , her other daughter stumbled upon the news when she spotted a disturbing message on her facebook page .
scroll down for video .
tragedy : karmah jayne hall , 14 , committed suicide in early september .
hall was just weeks away from turning 15-years-old at the time she died .
relatives of karmah , including birth mother donna rathborne -lrb- left -rrb- , said they were devastated by how they learned of her death .
` my daughter kate rang me and said , `` mum , i 've just seen on facebook , rest in peace , karmah '' , ' ms rathborne told the broadcaster .
' i said no , that 's not right ... .
we 're not just some other people , we are her family .
' authorities did not initially share the news with ms rathborne , however , the family eventually confirmed karmah 's death through her school , galston high .
` they already had counsellors at school for the kids , but not for me .
and not her sisters and her brother , ' ms rathborne told the abc .
karmah was taken away from her birth mother when she was a baby because ms rathborne 's partner was violent .
she kept in contact with her child .
donna rathborne , right , is pictured here with karmah during a visit .
` we 're not just some other people , we are her family , ' ms rathborne said .
a tribute facebook page featuring artwork and videos has been set up in karmah 's honour .
` so beautiful ... so full of life , ' one friend wrote .
` so loved and missed , ' said another .
a friend described the teenager as ` beautiful and carefree ' .
dozens of colourful balloons were released into the sky in the teenager 's honour as a final send off .