by .
david kent .
borussia dortmund have accepted bastian schweinsteiger 's apology for chanting a rude song about the club - and have offered to arrange singing lessons for the german midfielder .
the bayern munich star led an anti-chant about their fierce rivals where he was recorded singing : ` bvb , sons of b ****** s ' at a party .
the 29-year-old later released an apology from his official facebook page after the video went viral .
video scroll down to watch wolfsburg 0-3 bayern munich highlights .
sorry : bastian schweinsteiger apologised to borussia dortmund after singing rude song about the club .
on video : schweinsteiger was caught at a party singing derogatory songs about dortmund .
on holiday : schweinsteiger is currently on a break after the world cup with germany .
rivals : schweinsteiger is a club legend for bundesliga opposition bayern munich .
dortmund 's response read : ` it is absolutely no problem that you drink a few beers , let off some steam and sing a song without really thinking it through after winning the world cup .
` we have always seen you as a fair guy .
we would never have kicked up a fuss over your chants and we obviously accept your video apology .
we wish you a pleasant holiday in croatia .
` p.s. .
it is possible for you to get your singing right .
if you need any singing lessons , just let us know .
we are happy to help you out .
' schweinsteiger , who helped germany beat argentina in the world cup final earlier this month , had earlier said : ` hello , i 'm sending you all a message from my holidays , as it 's come to my attention that a video of me has found its way onto the internet , ' germany 's world cup winner said .
` i 'd like to say sorry to all fans , players and officials at borussia dortmund .
' i wo n't try to play this down - it 's obviously a well known fan song , but i did n't want to insult anyone with the offensive word .
sealed with a kiss : schweinsteiger is currently on holiday after winning the world cup with germany .
` it 's important for me to