by .
becky evans .
published : .
02:24 est , 7 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:26 est , 7 january 2013 .
violent biker gangs from australia , canada and the us have arrived in europe prompting fears of a battle for organised crime markets throughout the continent .
britain has been warned that turf wars could break out as ` outlaw motorcycle gangs ' fight for control over the drugs , weapons and human trafficking criminal markets .
the european union 's law enforcement agency has now warned of a repeat of the 1990s biker wars that left at least 11 dead .
warning : hells angels are among the biker gangs that are expanding , according to europol .
the eus law enforcement agency says tensions are increasing as gangs arrive from us and australia -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
europol said the arrival of notorious gangs including comancheros and rebels from australia , rock machine from canada and mongols and vagos from the us has exacerbated tensions with established clubs .
it has informed police forces across the continent that established gangs are expandings and said there are already ongoing territorial battles with organised crime groups .
football hooligans from britain and the continent , as well as former military personnel , right-wing extremists and prison gangs are among those expected to be targeted for recruitment .
europol said the four main groups - outlaws , hells angels , bandidos and gremium mc - were all increasing their membership , particularly in north east and south east europe .
outlaws -lrb- left -rrb- and bandidos -lrb- right -rrb- has also increased its membership in recent years .
gerry tobin , a hell 's angels member , was murdered by a rival gang .
it has warned that gang members are known to use ` extreme forms of violence ' including automatic rifles such as kalashnikovs and grenades ` indiscriminately ' .
europol said the number of biker gang chapters in europe has increased significantly since 2010 and there are now more than 700 chapters across the continent .
experts fear the new wave could lead to a repeat of the nordic biker wars in the 1990s .
eleven people were killed and dozens more injured during a three year battle between the hells angels and bandidos in scandinavia that involved the use