no parent wants to hear that their child is a bully - and thanks to the stiff punishment he dreamed up , this father is unlikely to hear it twice .
timothy robenhorst , from green bay , wisconsin , was shocked to find out his son kayden had been mistreating a classmate , and in response gave him a tough workout , gardening duty and instructions to apologize .
for the physically grueling stages of his 5-part punishment , kayden was dragged out of bed at 4:30 am and made to do 50 push-ups on his fists .
spelling it out : timothy robenhorst was shocked to heard his son , kayden , had been bullying somebody at school - so devised the above punishment for him .
next , the boy was tasked with performing ten tougher , incline push-ups , then running a mile .
early-morning wisconsin temperatures are still routinely below freezing .
but kayden 's labors were not over after his hellish morning workout - and the boy is stuck doing landscaping work at two houses his father apparently owns for an unspecified length of time .
punished : kayden , pictured , was given an array of unpleasant tasks to make up for his wrongs .
but the punishment also has an emotional and social aspect - with kayden also being instructed to apologize to his victim in front of his entire class the day after , which was set to happen wednesday .
robenhorst then posed for a photograph with his son and a poster spelling out his punishment , and encouraged people to share it .
as of friday night it had been shared more than 1,000 times .
he also seemingly insisted that it be posted on kayden 's profile too , where it was set as his profile picture and cover photo .
under the post , robenhorst wrote : ' i teach my kids they do not start fights but if someone puts their hands on them they finish it .
` this is what happens when you become a bully !
i do n't put up with it and at 4:30 am today my son found out what happens when you pray on people for no reason and bully !
` please share this to end this behavior everywhere !
nothing changes until you take a stance and