by .
jill reilly .
published : .
07:09 est , 12 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
10:00 est , 12 june 2012 .
the dream of a pint-sized pub big enough to fit in his back garden became reality for a homeowner when he converted his summerhouse into an opulent alehouse .
geoff clark , 58 , designed and built the plum tree arms , in east yorkshire from scratch with the help of his youngest son , paul .
as well becoming a focal point for the family 's social life and the envy of many landlords the petite pub is now vying for the honour of being named national shed of the year .
labour of love : geoff clark , 58 converted a summer house in his back garden into an opulent alehouse .
private publican : entry to the plum tree arms is strictly by invitation only , and the clarks are keen to retain the privacy of their private pub , which is hidden from view at the end of a quiet cul-de-sac .
a keen pub regular , retired electrical inspector mr clark is delighted that his labour of love has been recognised .
although entry to the plum tree arms is strictly by invitation only , word has got out about his creation , with property expert sarah beeny and her husband graham enjoying a couple of hours in its plush interior .
and , according to mr clark , 58 , the celebrity pair used it as the inspiration for a similar venture at rise hall , the grade ii-star listed building they recently restored near skirlaugh , east yorks .
social hub : geoff clark with his wife rita - as well becoming a focal point for the family 's social life and the envy of many landlords the petite pub is now vying for the honour of being named national shed of the year .
decoration : mr clark searched far and wide for the fittings and furniture , collecting pieces from friends and contacts in the trade and buying some pieces through online sales and auctions .
mr clark , who believes he has created the ` traditional english pub ' , said : ` we wanted a summerhouse for my grand-daughter ashleigh and rita -lrb- wife -rrb- said ` put a little bar in