schoolchildren who constantly feel they are the smartest in the class tend to be disliked by their fellow pupils , researchers have found .
researchers found the more one student feels unrealistically superior to another , the less they are liked .
they say it explains the stigma attached to being a ` nerd ' .
the big bang theory with jim parsons as sheldon cooper .
schoolchildren who constantly feel they are the smartest in the class tend to be disliked by their fellow pupils , researchers have found .
using a round-robin design , the researchers asked each student to rate their classmates , in terms of their likability and of their feelings of academic superiority -lrb- i.e. rating on a scale '' i feel academically superior to him/her '' -rrb- .
they the contrasted those ratings with the students ' grades in math , physics , german , and english .
importantly , they conducted the analysis at two different social levels : ` habitual ' - the way people act in general - and ` relationship ' - the way someone acts around a specific individual .
november 12 , 2014 - ' i am the smartest kid in class .
' we all want our kids to be self-confident , but unrealistic perceptions of their academic abilities can be harmful .
in fact , unrealistic views , a new study of eighth-graders finds , can damage the a child 's relationship with others in the classroom .
` there is more to being labeled a nerd than just academic achievement , ' said katrin rentzsch of the university of bamberg in germany , who led the research .
' i really got interested in the question of whether it is ok to brag about achievements in class or if you should rather not display your achievements in the classroom .
' the research looked at something psychologists call ` self-enhancement ' - when a person feels unrealistically superior to someone else .
the poster child for self-enhancement is the character sheldon on the big bang theory .
` although sheldon is a smart person and receives respect for his scientific work , he still thinks that he is even smarter , brighter , or much better as compared to how he is perceived by others , ' says rentzsch , who is currently a visiting