the xbox kinect has proven to be extremely good at recognising the human body .
only last week , a group of japanese researchers used the sensor to create a device that can translate sign language .
now one writer has discovered that kinect can see human anatomy far better than first thought .
perhaps , a bit too well .
scroll down for video ... mr wilson noted that the kinect hardware/software was so effective at distinguishing the bumps and folds of clothing that it could pinpoint a man 's package .
` i noticed , alongside the intricacies of a hoodie and jeans -- and there 's no graceful way to put this -- a dong , ' said mark wilson of fastco design .
mr wilson noted that the kinect hardware/software was so effective at distinguishing the bumps and folds of clothing that it could pinpoint a man 's package .
he made the discovery while testing microsoft 's new and improved kinect sensor which is due to come out on 22 november .
microsoft unveiled its new kinect sensor as part of its xbox one event in june .
the sensor will be sold with the new console and both are available from 22 november .
it can read up to six skeletons at once , compared to the current two , and its ` small object detection ' is said to be two-and-a-half times better .
the second-generation kinect sensor is also able to see faces , track eye movements and detect expressions .
it is additionally said to be better at recognising features and body movements in the dark and dimly lit rooms because it uses what 's called active infrared -lrb- ir -rrb- .
ir works in a similar way to thermal imaging and is used in night-vision goggles , for example .
as well as the heart rate monitor , microsoft 's sensor has an increased ` field of view ' that is now 60 per cent wider than the current kinect .
the new sensor is also able to see faces , track eye movements and detect expressions .
it is additionally said to be better at recognising features and body movements in the dark and dimly lit rooms because it uses what 's called active infrared -lrb- ir -rrb- .
the filming in the above video was done on the