by .
meghan keneally .
a new jersey man has been found guilty of the involuntary manslaughter of his ex-girlfriend and been sentenced to spend up to 20 years behind bars .
michael morrone was charged on wednesday with the third degree murder of christine mcghee after a december 2008 incident left her in a vegetative state .
mcghee was a sophomore at kutztown university in bucks county , pennsylvania and she was drunk at a party when she called her ex , morrone , to come get her .
convicted again : michael morrone , now 26 , had previously been charged with aggravated assault in connection to the case and now he has been found guilty of manslaughter and third degree murder .
serious injury resulting in death : christine mcghee was a college sophomore and was left in a vegetative state -lrb- right -rrb- following the december 2008 incident .
wfmz reports that witnesses saw the pair arguing as they drove off from the party .
further into the drive , morrone pushed mcghee out of the cab of his pickup truck and threw her cell phone and bag after her .
mcghee then gained her footing on the running board - the slight step off the side of the truck - and morrone purposefully sped up causing her to fly off and hit her head .
the prosecution argued that he knew she was injured but he decided to drive away and flee the scene .
big fight : christine was drunk at a party and called her ex-boyfriend , morrone , to come pick her up and friends recalled seeing them arguing as they drove off .
prosecutors argued that he wanted to speed away to get rid of mcghee , not simply go home .
she broke her jaw and was left in a vegetative state as a result of the accident for more than three years and died in 2012 .
the coroner ruled that her march 2012 death came as a result of brain injuries sustained in the accident .
morrone , now 26 , had previously been convicted of aggravated assault in 2010 in connection to the incident , but this latest verdict came when prosecutors were able to charge him for causing her death .
medical problems : she broke her jaw and suffered brain injuries -lrb- pictured in august