by .
rob wildman .
whitgift proved hospitable and formidable opponents in toppling sedbergh in the first big weekend of daily mail schools trophy action this season .
this eagerly-awaited south-north battle produced a memorable contest with victory going to croydon-based whitgift , 24-22 , following a late penalty from centre alex hogg .
the cumbrian visitors were treated to a chicken dinner on arrival in south london , but whitgift 's hospitality stopped on pitch the next day where a last-gasp effort brought a first win over sedbergh .
whitgift fly-half evades the tackle of sedbergh 's outside centre at haling park in south croydon .
whitgift got off to a winning start against sedbergh in the opening round of the daily mail schools trophy .
sedbergh , who were runners up to woodhouse grove last season , had looked set to maintain dominance over whitgift when establishing a 22-13 lead following tries by captain freddie renwick , full-back jonny mcphillips and lock max davies .
but whitgift struck back through tries by wings george pearson and ben donohue backed up by the goal-kicking of hogg who contributed 14 points .
` we never gave up and our ` scramble ' defence was very good , ' admitted chris wilkins , whitgift 's director of rugby .
` sedbergh always treat us very well when we go up to their place so we reciprocated with dinner for the two teams and staff the night before .
` the two schools have the same ethos about the game and always get on well , ' wilkins added .
sedbergh 's simon mulholland felt his team had missed too many chances , especially in the first half .
` we could have won but they finished the stronger .
' victory for whitgift gives them the launch pad to challenge for honours in the second season of the trophy which is organised on a merit table basis by schoolsrugby.co.uk for the leading rugby-playing schools over the autumn term .
croydon-based whitgift won 24-22 following a late penalty from centre alex hogg .
sedbergh were runners up to woodhouse grove in last season 's daily mail schools trophy .
whitgift are now building up to face another fancied team in wellington later this month .
last season 's fourth-placed team avenged defeat by rgs high wycombe last september thanks to a late