depression should be re-defined as an infectious disease rather than an emotional disorder , argues one scientist .
the condition could result from a parasitic , bacterial or viral infection and future research into the condition should search for these micro-organisms , argues dr. turhan canli , of stony brook university , u.s. .
if his theory is true , he hopes a vaccination to protect against depression could be developed in future .
writing in the journal biology of mood and anxiety disorders , dr canli said : ` it is time for an entirely different approach .
depression should be re-conceptualised as an infectious disease caused by parasites , bacteria or viruses , argues dr turhan canli , a professor at stony brook university , u.s. ` instead of conceptualising major depression as an emotional disorder , i suggest to re-conceptualise it as some form of an infectious disease .
' i propose that future research should conduct a concerted search for parasites , bacteria , or viruses that may play a causal role in the etiology of major depression .
' he divides his theory into three arguments .
he said patients with depression exhibit sickness-like behaviours .
they lose their energy , have difficulty getting out of bed and lose interest in the world around them , displaying the same symptoms as people who have an infectious disease .
studies of the patients with depression also show the presence of inflammatory markers in their brains , he said .
these inflammatory markers might indicate the immune system has been activated in response to some kind of pathogen , which could be a parasite , bacterium or virus - this being what is causing the symptoms of depression , he argued .
women in positions of power at work are at risk of poorer mental health than women further down the career ladder , a study has found .
researchers found that while men tend to feel better the more authority they have , the reverse is often true for women .
` women with job authority -- the ability to hire , fire and influence pay -- have significantly more symptoms of depression than women without this power , ' said tetyana pudrovska , of the university of texas , who carried out the study .2 .
` in contrast , men with job authority have