london 's notoriously windy weather almost got the better of the countess of wessex as she arrived at westminster abbey for the queen 's coronation celebrations .
sporting a stunning white lace dress .
with a scalloped hem by favourite designer , bruce oldfield , and a beautiful white picture hat by milliner , jane taylor , the countess looked elegant , although she struggled to keep her headgear in place .
but despite the unhelpful breeze , the wife of prince edward looked in good spirits as she made her way into the cathedral alongside her cheerfully grinning husband .
scroll down for video .
elegant : a windswept sophie wessex arrives at westminster abbey accompanied by prince edward .
the white stuff : the countess joined the duchess of cambridge and the queen and plumped for a pale frock .
the royal couple were accompanied by .
their nine-year-old daughter , lady louise windsor , and their nieces , .
princesses beatrice and eugenie .
their five-year-old son , viscount severn , was not at the abbey but the rest of the the senior royals and crowned heads from all over europe did make an appearance .
like the countess of wessex , both the duchess of cambridge and the duchess of cornwall plumped for pale , summery shades as did princess michael of kent .
the queen , too , wore a suit made from ivory jacquard - the same colour in which she was crowned 53 years ago , as did her daughter , princess anne .
two who chose more formal , dark colours were the princesses , beatrice and eugenie , who looked elegant in navy blue and teal dresses .
stylish : the countess has reinvented herself in recent years and is now one of the most fashionable royals .
excited : little lady louise windsor looked thrilled to be at the abbey and sat between her parents .
for the third time this year , sophie wessex appeared in a hat by milliner , jane taylor -lrb- pictured right -rrb- .
for the commonwealth memorial service , for the royal family 's trip to church on easter sunday and now for the coronation celebrations at westminster abbey , the countess chose creations by the fulham-based milliner , who has been designing for just five years .
so just who is jane taylor