by .
ryan gorman .
published : .
11:19 est , 12 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
11:27 est , 12 january 2014 .
facing the music : jesse calloway turned himself in and was charged with misdemeanor graffiti .
a houston teenager turned himself in to police friday to .
face charges over defacing a replica space shuttle .
jesse calloway , 19 , was wanted for scrawling racist and .
politically-motivated graffiti nov 27 on the replica shuttle outside space .
center houston .
the graffiti defaced one side of the model , and included the .
words ` houston we are the problem .
' racist messages and a cartoon teddy bear were also scribbled .
on to the right side of the mock space ship .
the brazen work was first discovered by a tour bus operator .
cruising past the landmark site , according to khou .
mr calloway had been wanted for some time before turning .
himself in to the harris county precinct 8 constable 's office , according to the .
station .
officials were tipped off to him being the vandal through an .
anonymous call to crime stoppers .
the teen told investigators that he was part of a group of .
people who tagged the ship in the early morning hours of nov 27 , officials told .
the houston chronicle .
vandalized : words and pictures were spray painted all over the space shuttle 's right side .
` the ultimate tag ' : mr calloway boasted of his graffiti prowess while being questioned by investigators .
` he told investigators this would be the ultimate tag , ' an .
official told the paper .
the hooligan has not named the other people who helped him .
deface the space ship , the official added .
visitors to the park the day the graffiti was discovered .
told khou they did n't understand why someone would deface a replica space .
shuttle .
` i think probably , to the people , they thought there was a .
message , but no one else besides them knows , and it 's kind of pointless .
really , ' one woman told the station .
` to do it with this , it 's kind of off the wall , ' another .
visitor said