just a day after the cia chose to bypass a spy for their top position because of her waterboarding past , the name of the man they chose instead was leaked on twitter despite his still being undercover .
the government is remaining mum , but francis archibald is likely the next spy chosen to head the central intelligence agency 's national clandestine service .
` new head of #cia clandestine service was head of #latinamerica division since ca 2011 .
francis ` frank ' archibald , 57 , ' tweeted former washington post assistant editor john dinges on wednesday .
leaked : the name of the man chosen as top cia spy was leaked on twitter wednesday , though he remains undercover as the agency chief in latin america .
the leak was likely related to a report tuesday that the post would be filled by the head of the cia 's latin american division , a former station chief in pakistan who former officials said once ran the covert action that helped remove serbian president slobodan milosevic from power .
the top spy job was originally supposed to go to one of the agency 's highest-ranking women , an agent identified only as g .
but cries rang out over ` g 's ' heavy involvement with a secret cia prison in thailand where high-profile terrorist suspects were subjected to so-called enhanced interrogation techniques like waterboarding and sleep deprivation .
the officer briefly ran a secret cia prison where accused terrorists abu zubayada and abd al-nashiri were waterboarded in 2002 , according to current and former u.s. intelligence officials .
report : former washington post reporter john dinges tweeted that the next head spy will be francis archibald , and jeff stein -lrb- pictured -rrb- of and magazine quickly confirmed .
she was also a senior manager in the counterterrorism center helping run operations in the war on terror and served as chief of staff to jose rodriguez and helped carry out his order that the cia destroy its waterboarding videos .
that order prompted a lengthy justice department investigation that ended without charges .
shortly after dinges ' tweet , reports gawker , longtime intelligence reporter jeff stein confirmed archibald 's pick in and magazine , in a report that also supports the claim that ` g ' was passed over for her interrogation ties .
`