mi5 has issued an alert over the threat posed by rogue workers in britain 's nuclear , transport and public services after suicide pilot andreas lubitz killed 150 people in the alps plane crash disaster .
and concerns are so great that one security source has warned : ` however much physical security you have , if someone is already in there , there 's nothing you can do to stop them committing an act of sabotage or terrorism .
' mi5 is now giving advice on the risk posed by thousands of employees working in sensitive areas -- known as ` insiders ' -- highlighted by the germanwings disaster .
warning : mi5 has issued an alert over the threat posed by rogue workers in britain 's nuclear , transport and public services after co-pilot andreas lubitz killed 150 people in the alps plane crash disaster .
co-pilot andreas lubitz , who was being treated for depression , was able to override a security system installed on flights following the 9/11 attacks as he flew the aircraft into the ground .
guidance issued by the centre for the protection of national infrastructure -lrb- cpni -rrb- , a security agency accountable to the director general of mi5 , recommends continuous psychological assessment of key employees , with the highest priority given to workers whose jobs pose the greatest risk to the public .
but a ba pilot , who has been with the company for several years and flies regularly around the world , claimed the airline did not carry out mental health checks .
the pilot , who did not wish to be named , said : ` british airways is more interested in checking whether i have a hernia than mental health .
` there is no testing regarding mental health .
' a ba spokeswoman refused to discuss details of health checks carried out on pilots .
the cpni has identified a number of motives for employees becoming an insider threat , including theft , revenge , a hunger for notoriety , political or religious ideology and fear or coercion , where external pressure is exerted on a worker .
rescue workers and investigators work near debris at the crash site of the germanwings airbus a320 .
a cpni study showed that three-quarters of insider acts were carried out by employees who had no malicious intent when