new zealander cam mcdermid was skiing off path in the backcountry of revelstoke resort , british columbia , earlier this year when he decided to make a dangerous 60-foot jump .
but the 23-year-old daredevil misjudged the drop and found himself buried , completely paralyzed by the heavy snow and unable to breathe .
` i dropped off the cliff knowing that there was a small sweet spot to land in but as i took off i realised i had gone too big , ' mcdermid recalled .
over the edge : skier cam mcdermid attempts an ambitious and dangerous 60-foot jump in revelstoke resort , british columbia , canada , last february .
ski trip : the 23-year-old new zealander traveled to canada with a film crew to capture his exploits on the slopes last winter .
he 's gone overboard : the daredevil misjudged the drop and found himself buried and paralyzed by heavy snow .
saved : mcdermid was extracted from the snowy trap by his travel companions .
` i then tried to hot tub myself , which is basically landing on your feet , and then leaning back to displace the impact and minimize injury .
' the professional skier said he was very lucky there was no more snow coming down from above to bury him further during the february 2014 expedition .
mcdermid escaped with only minor scrapes and bruises , saying he was grateful his production crew were close by to rescue him .
` i was extremely grateful that the photographers were in the positions they were otherwise it would have taken them a hell of a lot longer to get to me , ' he said .
what went wrong ?
the skier said he knew there was a small ` sweet spot ' where he was supposed to land , but he overshot it and instead touched down in a huge pile of snow .
damage control : he then tried to land on his feet while leaning backwards to minimize the risk of injury in a move called ` hot tub ' lucky : the kiwi skier said he was fortunate there was no more snow coming down from above to bury him further .
breathtaking : a view of the mountains on february 28 , 2014 in revelstoke , canada .
day job : when he is