george osborne today handed a # 3,000 boost to first time buyers to make it easier to get on the housing ladder .
in his final budget before the general election , the chancellor announced a new ` help-to-buy isa ' only available to those yet to buy their first home .
the new savings account will see the government add # 50 to every # 200 which savers manage to put away towards a deposit .
it will mean that anyone who saves # 12,000 towards a deposit will have it topped up by # 3,000 .
but critics said it will still take first-time buyers five years to save the cash by which time house prices will have soared by another # 15,000 .
scroll down for video .
the new savings account will see the government add # 50 to every # 200 savers manage to put away towards a deposit .
matt hutchinson , director of the house share website spareroom , welcomed mr osborne 's announcement - but said it might still not be enough .
he said : ` at first glance , a handout of up to # 3,000 from the government for hopeful first time buyers looks too good to be true .
` but to get your maximum # 3,000 bonus , with maximum monthly payments of just # 200 , you 'll be saving for four and a half long years .
by which time , prices will likely have risen again and a # 15,000 deposit wo n't be enough .
' the accounts will only be available for the next four years , but once they have been opened there will be no limit on how long people can save for .
they will be available through banks and building societies this autumn , with first time buyers able to make an initial deposit of # 1,000 when they open the account .
there will be no minimum monthly deposit -- but people will only be able to save up to # 200 a month .
the government has also capped the total bonus they will pay at # 3,000 .
the chancellor said the soaring size of deposits was making it harder for first-time buyers to get on the housing ladder .
according to treasury documents released today , people outside london now need almost # 30,000