a schoolboy tearfully begged doctors to help him hours before he died from meningitis , a conduct hearing has been told .
ten-year-old william cressey pleaded with them : ` please help me .
why wo n't you help me ?
if you do n't help me , i am going to die .
please help me , i do n't want to die .
' william was prescribed calpol and sent home from hospital because doctors thought he was suffering from a migraine , his mother said .
william cressey , aged ten , begged doctors at darlington memorial hospital for help before he died of meningitis .
hours later cheryl cressey took him .
back to the ward but he suffered a fit and died later that day .
mrs .
cressey said she repeatedly alerted doctors and nurses to her son 's .
deteriorating condition , but was dismissed as a ` neurotic mum ' .
christopher kirby , one of the nurses .
in charge of looking after him , is appearing before the nursing and .
midwifery council in central london .
he admits failing to carry out proper .
observations on william and record keeping errors .
but he denies .
walking away when a colleague asked him for help with the boy .
cheryl cressey , left , had to take william home after asking for help from staff including christopher kirby , right .
william , from croft , county durham , .
was admitted to darlington memorial hospital on february 28 , 2005 but by .
9am the following day the decision was made by the doctors to send him .
home .
mrs cressey told the hearing : .
` william 's eyes were seriously protruding and he was having difficulty .
in closing his lids over his eyes .
` i told a nurse that his eyes were really causing him suffering and she went to senior male nurse christopher kirby .
' darlington memorial hospital , in county durham , where both william cressey and bernice zair died .
mrs cressey said the nurse explained the situation to mr kirby .
bernice zair , 89 , was allegedly given a mattress on the floor to sleep on at darlington memorial hospital .
` his reply was , `` well you know what .
to do about that do