by .
jason groves .
published : .
17:56 est , 17 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:56 est , 17 november 2013 .
probe : david cameron 's inquiry into union antics has been lambasted by unite directors .
militant union bosses last night warned their members not to ` collaborate ' with a government inquiry into the use of bully-boy tactics in industrial disputes .
david cameron ordered the probe into unite 's tactic of sending mobs of demonstrators to protest outside the homes of company directors .
but senior liberal democrats voiced concerns , saying they would not allow the review -- which they insist will also examine tactics used by some companies -- to become an exercise in ` union bashing ' .
unite 's political director jennie formby described the probe as ` nothing more than a tory election stunt which no trade unionist will collaborate with ' .
her comments suggest that members who assist the inquiry will be seen as collaborators -- a loaded term often used to describe those who helped the nazis during the war .
the tuc also dismissed the inquiry as ` politically driven ' .
sarah veale , head of employment rights at the union , said : ` it is a completely disproportionate response to one or two instances .
` it is really quite disgraceful that the government is pretending that there is a real public interest concern here .
' the inquiry was launched after the daily mail revealed the true nature of the so-called ` leverage tactics ' used by unite during the bitter dispute at the grangemouth oil refinery in scotland .
unite targeted the directors of the plant 's owner ineos , staging a demonstration with a giant inflatable rat outside one executive 's home .
one director said he had feared for the safety of his wife and his two young children after 30 unite protesters descended on his drive in the school holidays .
dispute : unite 's political director jennie formby has blasted the review as a ` tory election stunt ' unite general secretary len mccluskey has always denied any intimidation or bullying on the part of the union .
but mr cameron said a review was needed to examine whether the law needs tightening to prevent intimidation .
unsure : chief secretary to the