by .
belinda robinson .
a revealing new book will lift the lid on the secrets behind america 's most beloved comedy show -- snl - and the battles that raged between politicians over its most famous political satire sketches .
the book : ` live from new york : an uncensored history of saturday night live by james andrew miller and tom shales will include 200 extra pages of material which did not appear in the original 2002 book .
according to excerpts from the hollywood reporter , hillary clinton 's ` entitled attitude ' could have indirectly helped then senator barack obama to win the democratic nomination to run in 2008 .
appearance : in 2007 , then senator barack obama , right , appeared on snl with darrell hammond , left , as bill clinton , amy poehler as hillary clinton during the ` clinton halloween party ' skit .
snl : barack obama stands in front of hillary rodham clinton who cancelled her appearance on snl in 2007 which led to obama appearing on it instead .
according to the book , clinton 's campaign lobbied for her to guest host snl for the show 's season opener in 2007 , when the former first lady was still favored to win the 2008 democratic nomination .
but on the week of production , her campaign cancelled , leaving a spot open .
this , it 's .
thought , led a little known senator called barack obama to take her .
place -- possibly influencing the outcome of the 2008 presidential campaign .
executive producer lorne michaels recalls : ` we put obama on the date when hillary was supposed to be on .
' ` the sense of entitlement which was following her everywhere at that point peaked for me at the bailing , ' he added .
entitled : snl executive producer lorne michaels recalls : ` we put obama on the date when hillary was supposed to be on .
' another excerpt reveals that sarah palin felt like she had been portrayed ` as an idiot , ' by the gifted snl comedian tina fey .
this made her want to come on the show and change people 's perception .
palin said : ` i know that they portrayed me as an idiot and i hated that and i wanted to