united in mourning , the current and former leaders of the scandal-ravaged lib dems came together yesterday at the funeral of jeremy thorpe .
nick clegg and his predecessors sir menzies campbell , charles kennedy , lord ashdown and lord steel watched as the disgraced former liberal leader 's union flag-draped coffin was carried out of the church -- with his trademark trilby sitting on top .
controversial lib dem peer lord rennard also attended with his wife , who was making a rare appearance after keeping a low profile while he faced accusations of molesting women .
scroll down for video .
the funeral of jeremy thorpe was held today at st margaret 's church , in westminster .
the deputy prime minister was joined by four other successors of thorpe as head of the liberal movement .
-lrb- left-right lord ashdown , lord steel , charles kennedy and sir menzies campbell .
mr thorpe led the liberal party for nine years from 1967 until he was sensationally brought down following a sex scandal in which he was accused of plotting to murder former male model norman scott , who claimed to have had a gay affair with him .
the twice-married politician , who died aged 85 earlier this month after suffering from parkinson 's disease , was acquitted at the old bailey in 1979 but lost his seat as an mp shortly before the trial began .
mr thorpe was liberal leader when cyril smith was first elected the party 's mp for rochdale .
after smith 's death , numerous allegations have emerged that he was a serial child sex abuser .
thorpe who became the liberal leader in 1967 was credited with reviving the party 's fortunes in the 1970s .
rupert thorpe -lrb- second right -rrb- , son of jeremy thorpe , accompanying the coffin as it leaves st margaret 's church in westminster , london .
thorpe 's trademark trilby hat was place on his coffin along with a union jack before it was taken from the church to the hearse and driven away .
rupert thorpe , son of jeremy thorpe , and his wife attending his father 's funeral .
once voted britain 's favourite politician , thorpe resigned as party leader in 1976 .
lord ashdown appeared to be wiping his eyes following the service .
thorpe 's glittering career