by .
deni kirkova .
and bianca london .
in the quest to make us slimmer without lifting a finger , an injection has been invented letting us literally pee out our fat .
a water solution is injected into stubborn areas around the body , breaking down excess fat cells , allowing us to absorb them into our bloodstream - and then wee them out .
the new treatment , dubbed aqualyx , claims to be an effective alternative to liposuction .
the jabs break fat cells , allowing us to absorb them into our bloodstream - and then wee them out .
it contains plant polymers , which binds with the cell walls of the fat tissue before rupturing and releasing the fat to be dissolved .
the formula liquefies the fat cell which is then eliminated when you urinate over a three-week period .
makers say the solution completely destroys the fat cells so they ca n't grow back .
it can be used on your thighs , stomach , knees , chin , buttocks , stomach , back and even your neck .
describing its new treatment , mills medical service say it ` gives you the body you 've always dreamed of without fearing the fat will return ' .
the treatment , which claims to be the only registered fat removal injection on the market , says it has no downtime -lrb- other than slight bruising and swelling for 48 hours -rrb- .
` aqualyx is n't an injection for weight loss ; it is used for contouring the body and slimming down those stubborn fat areas .
combined with a healthy diet and exercise , the fat wo n't grow back either .
' say the brand .
one session costs # 250 , which mills medical say is all that 's needed for the chin area , while the tummy may need a few more treatments .
but is it all too good to be true - can it really be effective and safe ?
dr arun ghosh , from the private spire hospital in liverpool says the injections could pose a health risk .
aqualyx , like lipo , is not recommended for weight loss goals but rather to contour the body .
he told the daily star : ` it 's dangerous to re-absorb fatty acids into your bloodstream because