by .
associated press reporter .
an autopsy has confirmed a body found in the woods near a mobile home park where a washington girl went missing was that of six-year-old jenise wright , authorities said friday .
the coroner also ruled the death a homicide , said earl smith , incident commander for the kitsap county sheriff 's office .
no exact cause of death was immediately released .
sheriff 's office spokesman scott wilson said earlier friday that the wooded area where an fbi team found the body contained thick brush and likely was muddy .
he said the person responsible for the girl 's disappearance likely would have been covered in mud .
this undated photo provided by the fbi shows jenise paulette wright .
more than 100 officers from 10 law enforcement agencies are involved in the search for 6-year-old jenise , who disappeared from her washington state home over the weekend , sheriff 's officials said tuesday , aug. 5 , 2014 .
-lrb- ap photo/fbi -rrb- .
meanwhile , wilson said authorities are collecting dna cheek swabs from dozens of residents who volunteer them in the bremerton-area mobile home park where jenise lived .
the samples could be used to eliminate suspects if investigators later come across dna evidence , he said , adding the dna collection might be expanded outside the mobile-home park .
jenise disappeared over the weekend , and her body was found thursday in woods near the trailer park .
her family has said she was an outgoing girl .
` she was a happy child , a bright light for those around her , ' smith said .
authorities are focusing on a criminal investigation of the death , though so far no arrests have been made .
the fbi 's specialty search dogs unit discovered the body after volunteer canine search teams reported their dogs showed interest in a particular area .
jenise was last seen when she went to bed saturday night .
her parents waited a day before calling for help because they say the girl had wandered around the steele creek mobile home park on her own in the past .
wilson said thursday there were no signs of forced entry at jenise 's home and no indication she was taken from her room .
this undated photo provided by the kitsap county sheriff 's