a suicide bomber has killed at least six people , and wounded ten , after blowing himself up in a busy market in the nigerian city of gombe .
the brutal attack bears all the hallmarks of islamist group boko haram , although no one has yet claimed responsibility for it .
they have killed thousands of nigerians in gun and bomb assaults in the last five years - particularly in the hard to reach areas in the north-east of the country where gombe lies .
umar shittu , a spokesman for the national management agency for gombe , said : ` our workers have evacuated six bodies and 10 injured , and we believe there could more bodies because the market is usually populated .
' scroll down for videos .
destruction : this image shows the aftermath of another boko haram attack in the town of doron baga .
death : this one shows a man being taken to hospital after another suicide bomber decimated another market in the town of potiskum .
refuge : people from baga and doron baga had to take shelter in the maiduguri province -lrb- pictured -rrb- after their homes were destroyed in boko haram 's ` deadliest ever attack ' earlier this week , satellite images emerged showing the aftermath of boko haram 's ` deadliest ever attack ' on the villages of baga and doron baga .
the pictures , released by amnesty international , showed how over 2,000 people were brutally murdered - and 3,7000 buildings were razed to the ground by the extremist group .
in the pictures taken beforehand , areas in red showed buildings and trees in the densely packed towns in the north of the country .
but in the pictures taken after the massacre , grey areas reveal how the the town has been decimated by the assault .
the destruction shown in these images matches the horrific stories from eyewitnesses revealing how boko haram militants shot hundreds of civilians in cold blood .
one witness described how the ruthless terror group were shooting indiscriminately , killing even small children and a woman who was in labour .
he added : ` half of the baby boy is out and she died like this .
' ibrahim gambo , a 25-year-old truck driver , survived the relentless attack in baga but he still does n't