the syrian army on monday lost control of two strategic bases in the northwestern province of idlib to co-ordinated assaults by al qaeda and other islamist groups , a monitoring group said .
the syrian observatory for human rights said the al-nusra front , an al qaeda affiliate , seized hamidiyeh and wadi al-deif bases in the biggest regime positions of idlib in tandem with islamist rebels from jund al-aqsa and ahrar al-sham .
the captures came a day after the groups took over seven government checkpoints in the area .
the al-nusra front initially reported a lightning victory in wadi al-deif , putting large swathes of idlib province , which borders turkey , under jihadist control .
a twitter account run by the al-nusra front in the north-west province said fighters are removing mines from the area after the ` wadi deif camp was liberated ' .
break time : a picture provided by the anti-government activist group syrian observatory for human rights shows jihadi fighters from the al qaeda-linked al-nusra front and other rebel factions , rest after clashes with syrian troops while taking a strategic base in wadi deif in the northwestern province of idlib in syria .
artillery : in its attack on wadi al-deif , the al-nusra front used tanks that it captured last month from the -lrb- western-backed -rrb- syrian revolutionary front , according to the syrian observatory for human rights .
government soldiers : forces loyal to syria 's president bashar al-assad walk in an area north of aleppo .
at least 31 government soldiers and 12 opposition fighters have been killed in clashes since sunday .
aftermath : smoke rises from warehouses that forces loyal to syria 's president bashar al-assad said belonged to rebel fighters .
the takeover was a show of force for the al qaeda branch , which in november drove mainstream rebels seeking president bashar al-assad 's ouster from idlib province .
mainstream opposition fighters had been fighting for wadi al-deif and hamidiyeh for around two years , but despite repeated attempts failed to capture it from government troops .
` the jihadists ' advance has major symbolic importance , and it also shows the rebels that al-nusra front really is in control of the area , ' said observatory director rami abdel rahman .
in its attack on wadi al-deif , ` al-nusra front used tanks and