he has produced more than 1,000 artworks , including an eight-foot da vinci painting .
but indian artist ani k does n't use a brush to create his masterpieces - he paints with his tongue .
the 35-year-old , from kerela , licks the paint onto a canvas , before tilting and twisting his head to form different strokes .
scroll down for video .
unusual : indian artist ani k -lrb- left -rrb- has produced more than 1,000 artworks , including a portrait of jesus christ -lrb- right -rrb- , using his tongue .
he licks the paint onto a canvas , before twisting his head to form different strokes .
getting a taste : he also uses his palate to mix paints - scooping up different shades to create new colours .
impressive : the 35-year-old from kerala has created a range of intricate portraits and elaborate modernist artworks , including a rendering of leonardo da vinci 's the last supper -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
he also uses his palate to mix colours - scooping up different shades of paint on his tongue to form new colours and tones .
his unusual hobby has seen him create a range of intricate portraits and .
elaborate modernist artworks , including a rendering of leonardo da vinci 's the last supper and portraits of jesus christ .
ani , who spends three to four days on each painting , said : ' i wanted to be a different kind of an artist .
' i wanted to try art which is distinctive - that is why i chose this medium , and it worked for me .
' lick of paint : ani spends three to four days on each painting .
above , he licks the shape of an eye onto a canvas .
alternative : he settled on the unusual technique six years ago after watching another artist draw with his feet - prompting him to experiment with his own style .
above , ani draws a dark brown border around the eye .
finished : the artist has also tried painting with his nose , chin , elbows and feet .
above , he signs the painting .
on display : ani said he ` wanted to try art which is distinctive ' .
above , the artist 's completed painting of an eye .
he settled