nevin spence , 22 , and brother graham .
were overcome by fumes as they tried to rescue their father noel on farm .
in co. .
down , northern ireland .
sister emma , who also got into difficulty , is in a stable condition in hospital .
rory mcilroy and barry mcguigan pay tribute to the rugby player .
northern ireland first minister peter robinson ` deeply saddened ' by tragedy .
by .
sportsmail reporter .
published : .
02:04 est , 16 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
03:44 est , 17 september 2012 .
ulster have paid tribute to ' a much-loved and talented member of the squad ' after centre nevin spence 's death in a farming accident .
the 22-year-old died along with his father and brother on saturday after falling into a slurry tank on their family farm in hillsborough , county down .
his sister emma , an artist whose work includes portraits of ulster players , has been released from hospital after being treated for the effects of fume inhalation .
scroll down for video .
shock : professional rugby player nevin spence died along with his father and brother after falling into a slurry pit on the family farm .
paying respect : fans lay flowers at ulster 's ravenhill grounds in memory of young rugby star spence .
shock : ulster rugby officals , chief executive shane logan -lrb- left -rrb- and director of rugby david humphreys speak to the press .
tribute : spence 's death has shocked fans .
reports suggest nevin and emma were attempting to rescue their brother and father , who had already fallen into the tank .
a statement released by the club .
read : ` it was with profound sadness that ulster rugby learned of the .
tragic death of nevin spence , a much-loved and talented member of the .
ulster squad .
` ulster rugby also wishes to express its deep sorrow at the death of nevin 's father noel and brother graham .
' chief executive shane logan added : ' i am deeply saddened by this tragic news .
` nevin was a wonderful player but .
also a wonderful person .
he was well liked by everyone who knew him and .
his loss will be deeply felt by his team-mates and everyone