it may have only been a matter of weeks since mayor of london boris johnson was left suspended precariously above the capital in a comical zip wire malfunction during the olympics .
but mr johnson could be looking to take to the skies once again , this time on his bike , as he considers an architect 's proposals for a network of elevated cycle paths between london 's mainline stations .
spectacular artist 's impressions of what the city 's raised cycle network - given a working name of skycycle - could look like were released this week along with the first details of the project .
scroll down for video .
london mayor boris johnson is considering architect sam martin 's designs for skycycle , a bike network above the capital 's streets .
an artist 's impression is shown .
the scheme is designed to make cycling safer for the increasing numbers choosing to take their bike to work .
drawings showing a futuristic raised .
glass open-top tunnel , that have drawn comparisons with new york 's high .
line , could become a reality as soon as 2015 .
sam .
martin , 43 , the landscape architect who came up with the idea with a .
colleague two years ago , said discussions between the mayor and network .
rail were ` going well ' since an initial meeting in may and that .
feasibility studies over potential sites were already underway .
he .
stressed that plans were at an early stage , but the proposal was .
focused on commuters who would pay to use the network with an oyster .
card .
skycycle could become a reality above the streets of london as soon as 2015 .
mr martin , director of exterior .
architecture , who admits to giving up cycling in london because he found .
it too dangerous added that the raised network was the only option left .
to expand cycling in london .
he said : ` tfl estimate the .
number of journeys made by bike will treble to around 1.5 million by .
2020 .
where are they meant to go ?
skycycle is the next logical step , .
because you ca n't realistically build more cycle lanes on ground level .
` you have to start knocking down .
buildings and there