by .
jaya narain .
last updated at 9:40 am on 11th october 2011 .
a couple who hid the horrific injuries they inflicted on their baby daughter by switching her with her identical twin were jailed yesterday .
mohammed and nafisa karolia fooled health visitors by making a series of excuses for only one child being at home at any one time .
the baby -- known as twin m -- suffered broken ribs , legs , arms , brain damage , and damage to her head , ears and nose during her seven months of life .
abuse : mohammed -lrb- left -rrb- and nafisa karolia hid their child 's injuries from health visitors by swapping her with her twin sister .
the injuries were inflicted on at least three separate occasions and some were six weeks old or more .
no attempt was made to seek medical .
attention and twin m later died of an unrelated illness .
the couple , who .
were convicted of child cruelty in july , were given five-year prison .
terms .
passing sentence yesterday , mr justice irwin said : ` what emerges from the evidence is repeated cruelty to one child .
` the surviving twin has never suffered any injury or neglect and appeared to be very well cared for .
' preston crown court heard that when .
health visitors called , nafisa , 22 , -- who was on a child studies course -- .
and mohammed , 29 , a taxi driver , deliberately concealed the injured .
twin .
often they would claim she was with her grandparents or other .
relatives .
jailed : the pair were given a custodial sentence at preston crown court -lrb- pictured -rrb- for child cruelty .
a social worker was also duped when she called at the family home in blackburn , being told that twin a was twin m. joe boyd , prosecuting , said the .
injuries must have been caused by the parents because twin m was away .
from their care for only a few hours of her short life .
in june last year , the child was taken .
to hospital with breathing difficulties and pronounced dead an hour .
later .
at the hospital , the karolias claimed the dead girl was actually .
twin a .
their story