while kristen stewart and her married .
director paramour rupert sanders have both issued grovelling apologies .
for their exposed affair , robert pattinson has remained resolutely silent .
still , his actions speak volumes .
the 26-year-old has packed his bags and left the la love nest he shared with kristen stewart , according to reputable american magazine people .
the ` heartbroken and angry ' british actor has gone to ground and sources tell the publication he is not in contact with his partner of three years .
scandal : kristen stewart with robert pattinson at the teen choice awards on july 22 and right , with married director rupert sanders at a snow white screening in la back in may .
out : both stars are understood to have packed their bags and left the la home they share .
the insider adds : ` i 'm not sure they 'll be able to recover from this .
' it 's unclear exactly when robert .
found out about the 22-year-old 's affair with snow white and the .
huntsman director , who has two children with british model liberty ross .
kristen and rupert were photographed in the throes of passion on july 17 but the images did not surface in the media until two days ago .
keeping her secret : the pair enjoyed a night out in hollywood on july 19 ... two days after her tryst with the director .
she was pictured with robert on july 19 at the hotel cafe in hollywood and onlookers said they were ` kissing and laughing .
' they also attended the teen choice awards together on july 22 looking like a decidedly happy couple .
should robert pattinson forgive kristen stewart for cheating ?
should robert pattinson forgive kristen stewart for cheating ?
now share your opinion .
but fellow attendees back stage at the ceremony detected some tension between them away from cameras , with a source telling the new york post : ` rob and kristen were having a long and intense conversation backstage , and he looked miserable , heartbroken and humiliated .
she was pleading .
' the actor made his feelings regarding .
infidelity clear in april , telling vanity fair : ` there 's a thing i 've .
never got : that is , why do people cheat