long hours in nurseries or with childminders lead to mental health problems and difficulties at school for children , a leading expert claimed yesterday .
according to researcher jonas himmelstrand , falling educational standards and a wave of disorder and bullying in schools are directly connected to state subsidies for daycare .
his report is to be presented to mps this week by pressure group mothers at home matter , which is calling on politicians to cut childcare subsidies and instead ease the bias in the tax and benefit system against those who stay at home to bring up their children .
quandary : mothers are in the awkward position of being encouraged to go out to work but also told to spend enough time with their children .
the analysis looked at the situation in mr himmelstrand 's homeland of sweden where more than nine out of ten children spend their early years in nurseries .
he said : ` swedish schools have among the highest truancy , the greatest classroom disorder , the most damage to property and the most offensive language of all comparable nations .
i would urge policy makers in the uk to rethink their approach to childcare .
` emulating the swedish approach , where both the staff-to-child ratio and the number of hours children spend in day care are both increasing , is not the answer and is actually damaging to your children 's future .
' mr himmelstrand is a controversial figure in sweden .
he now lives outside the country because of what he calls state persecution of his family because of his decision to educate his children at home .
he said : ` the early exposure of large groups of peers leads to peer-orientation , which has detrimental results on psychological maturation , learning and the transference of culture between generations .
it is at the root of bullying , teenage gangs , promiscuity and the flat-lining of culture .
' the fresh claims come as ministers here redouble efforts to encourage british mothers to go out to work .
a majority of mothers of toddlers now take jobs and use nurseries , childminders , nannies or friends or relatives to look after their children while they work .
childcare minister elizabeth truss has said it is ` vital ' for mothers to work and is planning changes to