alan johnson last night ruled out replacing ed miliband as labour leader , saying he would ` never ' take the job .
the popular former home secretary threw mr miliband a lifeline by warning rebel mps that he will not step in if the beleaguered leader is ousted .
it comes after claims up to one in five of mr miliband 's frontbenchers was ready to call on him to go , with mr johnson favourite as a caretaker leader .
scroll down for video .
former home secretary alan johnson threw ed miliband a lifeline after inisisting he will never stand to be labour leader .
support for mr miliband has plummeted even among his party 's supporters .
pollsters yougov found that only 34 per cent of people who voted labour at the last general election believe mr miliband is up to the job of prime minister , compared to 51 per cent just a month ago .
the sheer scale of the unhappiness is also highlighted by the fact that 45 per cent of those who voted labour in 2010 believe he should quit as party leader .
an opinion poll by lord ashcroft put labour on just 29 per cent , the same level of support secured by gordon brown in the 2010 general election .
senior labour figures have publicly admitted the party is having ` jitters ' about mr miliband 's stewardship of the party , and have issued a put up or shut up plea for plotters to ` show us your colours ' .
in an article for the guardian , former home secretary alan johnson ruled out ever running for labour leader .
he said : .
` miliband will lead us into an election that i am convinced we can win .
it was my decision to walk away from frontline politics , not ed 's .
` he knows that while i wo n't return , i will do everything i can from the backbenches to put labour into government , and ed miliband into 10 downing street .
` the position of labour leader has been vacated twice during my time as a member of parliament .
both times i chose not to stand .
i happen to think that a better person took this onerous role on each occasion .
' i have never stood for