some people use the snapchat app for exchanging suggestive pictures of themselves , as pictured .
the photo sharing app snapchat has released a list of rules on their website for underage users , that includes strict instructions for teenagers to keep their clothes on .
staff at the organisation have also released a guide for parents in order to alleviate fears over teenagers using the technology for sexting .
the six-page manual to teach adults about how to use the technology and to reassure them about the safety features installed .
the list of things not to be done on the site include pornography , nudity for those under 18 , threats , impersonation and self-harm .
it follows up with : ` do n't use snapchat for any illegal shenanigans and if you 're under 18 or are snapping with someone who might be : keep your clothes on !
' in the separate section for parents , staff seek to explain why children like to use the app so much , saying : ` it 's been -lrb- rightfully -rrb- drummed into their heads for years that photos and videos you share are on the web forever and are really hard to take back , so snapchat 's a relief in a lot of ways .
' snapchat is incredibly popular among 13 to 25 year olds , but the technology has been hit with bad publicity since its inception for the amount of young people who use it to exchange sexy pictures .
in the new guide , snapchat reveals that the majority of people using the app do n't exchange x-rated images .
many parents are concerned that their children are using snapchat for inappropriate reasons -lrb- picture posed by models -rrb- .
addressing concerned parents , the writer says : ` though there 's nothing inherently dangerous about snapchat , early news coverage fairly predictably associated disappearing photos sent on phones with `` sexting .
'' ` many assume snapchat 's biggest draw is the temporary nature of its messages , which encourages people to share racy images without worrying about the repercussions .
` but most people -- including most teens -- do n't use snapchat that way .
they use it because it 's fun .
' snapchat have launched a new guide for parents to help alleviate any concerns they have