by .
rachel reilly .
published : .
07:25 est , 26 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:44 est , 26 july 2013 .
the heart has long been a symbol of love , devotion and sensuality but advanced medical techniques are now turning the organ into a thing of beauty .
these stunning images show this year 's winners of the british heart foundation 's reflections of research science image competition .
using medical devices such as mri scans and microscopes , medical experts have captured the heart in a totally new light , highlighting its complexity and mystery .
the overall winners of the british heart foundation competition were dr gillian gray , megan swim and harris morrison of the university of edinburgh , whose ` the broken heart ' won image of the year .
the image reveals the remarkable 3d structure of an adult mouse heart .
the overall winners were dr gillian gray , megan swim and harris morrison of the university of edinburgh , whose ` the broken heart ' won image of the year .
their image reveals the remarkable 3d structure of an adult mouse heart .
the picture was taken using a new technique called optical projection tomography -lrb- opt -rrb- which is being developed to enable experts to better measure the extent of injury after a heart attack and to assess repair .
dr jana koth of the university of oxford won the mending broken hearts award with her image entitled ` caught in the net ' .
the picture depicts the front view of a developing two-day-old zebrafish heart .
scientists study the creatures because of their remarkable ability to repair their own hearts after damage - an ability which we currently lack .
the green cells are heart muscle cells , and the red and blue staining shows components that make up the muscle .
the early heart tube has started to loop .
` caught in the net ' -lrb- left -rrb- shows the front view of a two-day-old zebrafish heart .
the green cells are heart muscle cells , and the red and blue staining shows components that make up the muscle .
` what sets your heart on fire ' -lrb- right -rrb- shows an mri of the heart of a healthy kidney donor .
` at the heart of it '