a raging inferno engulfed a southwest ohio home early friday , killing three children as their mother screamed for help and their father tried in vain to rescue them .
the parents , crystal flores and michael ortiz , and their two other kids , boys ages 9 and 2 , were taken to hospitals .
the blaze killed another boy and his two older sisters , said deputy chief ken runyan of the hamilton fire department .
deadly inferno : firefighters stand outside the hamilton , ohio , home where an early morning fire killed three children and sent their parents and two other kids to hospitals friday .
loss : leonardo flores looks on to the house where an early morning fire killed two of his nieces and a nephew .
innocents : the trio of kids who were killed in the house fire were identified friday as -lrb- l to r -rrb- yesenia flores-ortiz , 12 , siclalia flores-ortiz , 10 , and alexander flores-ortiz , 7 .
the casualties were identified friday afternoon as alexander flores-ortiz , 7 ; siclalia flores-ortiz , 10 , and yesenia flores-ortiz , 12 .
firefighters using ladders found the children on the second floor of the home in hamilton , about 20 miles north of cincinnati .
hurt : the children 's mother , crystal flores , was taken to a hospital with injuries .
their father was flown to a cincinnati hospital after emergency responders found him as he tried to reach the children .
he was burned and expected to remain hospitalized for days , said his brother , leonardo flores .
the children 's mother , crystal flores , and a 9-year-old boy were taken at a local hospital .
a 2-year-old boy was sent with them .
the mother was released from the hospital at 6am .
her 9-year-old was not harmed in the fire .
neighbor liz delk , who lives down the street , recalled getting up for work around 2.30 am , peering out the window and seeing the woman running from the home at 135 franklin street .
` we heard her screaming and it was just up in flames , ' delk said , adding , ` there was nothing that could be done .
' several neighbors called 911 , and fire trucks were there within a few minutes ,