by .
daily mail reporter .
last updated at 9:40 am on 31st october 2011 .
these shocking images of a little boy shot in the head have emerged hours after syrian president bashar assad claimed his army was only targeting terrorists .
the boy is from the bayada neighbourhood of homs , northeast of the capital , damascus .
he was wounded in the head after he was allegedly hit by the syrian army during the recent uprisings in his hometown .
the projectile entered the back of his head and can be seen lodged above his left eye .
shocking : a large bulge can be seen above mohammed 's left eye .
he was allegedly hit by the syrian army .
blood can be seen coming from the wound in the back of the youngster 's head .
warning : syrian president bashar assad has said his country is different to others where similar uprisings have occurred .
in his first interview with a western .
paper , published in the sunday telegraph , assad claimed that he was a .
popular president and added that his army was only now targeting .
terrorists .
during the .
interview assad also warned western intervention against his regime .
would cause an ` earthquake ' that would ` burn the whole region ' .
president assad said the action could lead to ` another afghanistan ' .
defying worldwide condemnation of his actions , he said any outside aggression would ` burn the whole region ' .
assad 's ultimatum came as hundreds of demonstrators marched to the syrian embassy in london to show solidarity with victims of the seven-month uprising .
in a two-hour rally outside the building in belgrave square , protesters chanted ` get out assad ' and ` free syria ' .
activists claim syrian forces killed more than 50 civilians in violent clashes over the weekend .
at least 3,000 people -- including 200 children -- have died during the unrest .
thirty soldiers also died in fierce fighting in the city of homs and in an ambush in the northern province of idlib on saturday .
assad conceded that the west would ` ratchet up the pressure ' but said his country was different ` in every respect ' from egypt , tunisia and yemen , where other rebellions had taken place