by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
13:19 est , 8 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:32 est , 8 august 2013 .
two college friends of dzhokhar tsarnaev .
have been indicted by a federal grand jury on obstruction of justice charges in connection with the boston .
marathon bombing investigation , authorities announced thursday .
dias .
kadyrbayev , 19 , and azamat tazhayakov , 19 , both kazakhstan nationals , .
have been charged with conspiracy to obstruct justice and .
obstructing justice with the intent to impede investigation .
the indictment alleges that .
three days after the bombings , ` kadyrbayev received a text message from .
dzhokhar tsarnaev suggesting that he go to tsarnaev 's `` room and take .
what 's there .
' '' azamat tazhayakov -lrb- left -rrb- and dias kadyrbayev -lrb- center -rrb- pose with suspected bomber dzhokhar tsarnaev -lrb- right -rrb- - they face 20 years for obstructing justice charges .
kadyrbayev , left , and tazhayakov appearing in front of federal magistrate marianne bowler at the moakley federal courthouse in boston on thursday .
dzhokhar tsarnaev and .
his brother tamerlan , originally from chechnya , allegedly carried out .
the bombing at the boston marathon 's finish line on april 15 which .
killed three people and injured more than 260 .
tazhayakov .
and kadyrbayev are accused of removing a backpack containing fireworks .
emptied of gunpowder and a laptop from tsarnaev 's dorm room three days .
after the attack to try to keep him from getting into trouble .
if .
convicted they face up to 20 years in prison on .
the obstruction of justice count , a $ 250,00 fine and the probability of being .
deported .
prosecutors .
said kadyrbayev texted dzhokhar tsarnaev on april 18 telling him he looked like .
one of the bombing suspects the fbi was hunting .
police initially investigated kadyrbayev and tazhayakov after the discovery of their license plates -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
connection : dzhokhar tsarnaev is seen here with dias kadyrbayev , and the two reportedly joked about him being the boston marathon bomber via text in the days after the attack .
tsarnaev reportedly texted back ` lol ' and ` you better not text me ' .
that .
same night , kadyrbayev , tazhayakov