a lawsuit filed by former gossip girl actress kelly rutherford attempting to have a judge order her kids to return to the u.s. from their father 's custody in france has been dismissed once and for all .
the case was dismissed with a court order stating that it did not have the jurisdiction to force the kids , son hermes , 8 , and daughter helena , 5 , to come back to the united states .
rutherford , 46 , claims her children were illegally deported to france when a california court awarded custody to her ex-husband daniel giersch , 40 , and she pleaded for the order to be reversed .
scroll down for video .
kelly rutherford , pictured with her children , hermes and helena , during a party in the hamptons in august 2013 , was shut down by the courts again in a final plea to gain custody of her children .
rutherford 's lawsuit stating that her children were illegally deported from the united states was dismissed once and for all by a new york court .
she claimed that no other u.s. court has ordered children to live in another country when they have an able parent in the united states .
giersch , who is a german citizen residing in france , was deported from the u.s. over allegations of visa fraud .
but the dismissal of her case states that rutherford failed to argue why the federal court should intervene in her custody dispute with giersch .
` petitioners allege that the california state court 's custody order had the effect of deporting the children in violation of their fourteenth amendment right to remain in the united states , ' the document reads .
the document added : ` there is no authority establishing the unconditional right of minor children to reside in the united states when one of their custodial parents lives abroad .
` likewise there is no `` plainly defined and peremptory duty '' requiring respondents to interfere with the custody order - nor is there , as petitioners contend , a general affirmative duty on federal agencies requiring them to intervene against what is claimed to be unconstitutional state action .
' after divorcing in 2010 , rutherford and ex-husband daniel giersch went through a nasty custody battle which ended with giersch being awarded custody