by .
richard orange in malmö .
published : .
16:55 est , 9 may 2012 .
| .
updated : .
01:39 est , 10 may 2012 .
good news : a doctor has found the cure for a mysterious and debilitating condition which afflicted people in a rural part of sweden with the need to urinate up to 15 litres a day .
a doctor has found the cure for a mysterious and debilitating condition which afflicted people in a rural part of sweden with the need to urinate up to 15 litres a day .
since the early 1800s , many in värmland , near the norwegian border , have been struck down by the disease as they reached their teens .
it was only when dr johan jendle , a swedish doctor at karlstad hospital , spotted that all sufferers were related , that he identified the cause as a hitherto unknown genetic variant of diabetes insipidus .
` normal people urinate 1.5 litres per day ' , dr jendle told nya wermlands-tidningen , a local paper .
` but those who suffer from diabetes insipidus can urinate 15 litres per day , which needing to drink a corresponding amount .
' ` sufferers often find that they have to be within sight of a toilet , and need easy access to water constantly ' , he added .
jendle tracked down all living members of the family , now scattered throughout sweden , and managed to trace the disease back to a genetic mutation that happened some time in the 1800s .
` about half of all children in the family have suffered to a greater or lesser extent ' , he said .
` now we can use a simple blood test to find out if a person carrying the disease , and then treat it when the symptoms occur .
' cure : it was only when a swedish doctor at karlstad hospital , pictured , spotted that all sufferers were related , that he identified the cause .
the condition is not usually thought of as genetic , and is usually caused by damage to the pituitary gland , either as the result of a tumour , or of a violent assault .
the pituitary gland , among other things , produces the urinary hormone , vasopressin .
the condition , which