by .
leon watson .
and liz hull .
they would have been a deeply unwelcome sight in 1944 -- and 70 years on , nothing has changed .
visitors who turned up to a d-day commemoration wearing nazi uniform were banned from shops and accused of being insensitive and offensive .
some 25,000 people -- many in period costume -- flock to haworth every year for the west yorkshire town 's 1940s home front festival which highlights the heroics of those involved in the second world war .
but two years ago a handful of visitors in nazi uniforms tried to hijack the two-day event , upsetting a number of people including a group of german visitors to the town which is a tourist hotspot because of its links with the bronte family .
organisers decided to take action but were powerless to ban offensive clothing , so teashops , pubs and stores put up no nazi notices and refused to serve anyone in ss uniform .
not welcome : an attendee dressed in a nazi uniform at haworth 's 1940s weekend , an annual world war ii-themed event , at haworth , yorkshire .
not encouraged : attendees dressed in nazi uniforms at haworth 's 1940s weekend .
stephen .
king of the soldiers ' , sailors ' and airmen 's families association armed .
forces charity said visitors had been encouraged not to wear such .
uniforms at the event .
he said : ` we ca n't actually ban people from wearing these outfits but it 's something we always discourage .
many .
people lost their lives in the second world war and the last thing we 'd .
want is for those people to be mocked or disrespected in any way .
' a lot of the shops in the village put up signs saying they wo n't serve anyone wearing nazi or ss uniforms .
` we also seek guidance from the police to make sure it is discouraged but unfortunately it is n't something we have control over .
` we just urge people not to do it but unfortunately some people feel the need to wear such costumes .
' signs at several shops and pubs in the village warned ` no nazi or ss uniforms or insignia allowed on these premises ' .
some .
visitors to the village ,