it 's not often that you see hardened criminals applying lashings of make-up or enjoying a spot of group meditation while lying on the floor .
but a program taking place at californian prisons is encouraging inmates to do just that .
prisoners at the california rehabilitation center in norco took part in the acting workshop ` commedia dell ` arte ' , designed to aid their rehabilitation .
the actors ' gang prison project program , which runs the 8-week workshops , believes that through acting convicted criminals can learn develop empathy and start expressing themselves in a positive manner .
inmate william dillon looks over during the workshop ` commedia dell ` arte ' , part of the the actors ' gang prison project program at the california rehabilitation center in norco , california .
actor , activist and artistic director tim robbins speaks before the workshop ` commedia dell ` arte ' inmate rudolph ferrel applies make-up on his face before the workshop .
organizers feel that acting can help rehabilitate inmates by helping them explore their emotions and learn social skills .
the program is led by actor and activist tim robbins , who is most famous for his starring role in american prison epic the shawshank redemption .
workshop organizers feel that acting can help rehabilitate inmates by helping them explore their emotions and learn social skills that with aid their return to society .
they believe that , ultimately , the workshops can reduce re-offending rates and help ease the pressure of overcrowding on the california prison system .
at least three times a year , the theater company brings classes directly into prisons , working to foster ` tolerance and nonviolent expression while significantly reducing recidivism rates ' .
the program began in 2006 , when robbins was approached by sabra williams , now the director of the prison project , about beginning an arts rehabilitation program .
inmates jacquies manson -lrb- center -rrb- and tarifa henson -lrb- right -rrb- take part in an acting class in the prison .
inmate william dillon prepares to take part in one of the workshops by applying make-up on his face .
at least three times a year , the theater company - led by actor and activist tim robbins - brings classes directly into prisons to foster ` tolerance and nonviolent expression while significantly reducing