by .
kieran corcoran .
a chinese takeaway which had mouse droppings on the floor and no toilet seat has been shut after an inspector said it was the worst he 'd seen .
tiger king in portsmouth , hampshire , was so filthy it was branded a risk to public health and immediately closed .
the horrified inspector , who went to the takeaway after a tip-off from a disgruntled customer , found a chicken defrosting in a bucket on the kitchen floor , food stores on low dirty shelves and mouse droppings coating the floor .
revolting : a hygiene inspector found this chicken defrosting in a bucket of water left on a dirty floor .
dirty : staff , who had nowhere to wash their hands , had to use this toilet with no seat .
closed down : the tiger king in portsmouth was shut down immediately by the inspector .
staff were forced to use a toilet with no seat and were left with nowhere to wash their hands .
owner daniel fan has now been banned from running a food business for six months .
richard lee , portsmouth city council 's environmental health manager , said it was one of the worst hygiene breaches he had seen in 20 years .
he said : ` the problems we found at tiger king were some of the worst we 've ever encountered .
` the deterioration in the standards was considerable over a short period of time .
` the operator was putting the health of .
his customers at considerable risk and , consequently , i 'm pleased with .
the decision of the court .
' grimy : the floor of the kitchen was filthy , and the inspector also noted that mouse droppings could be seen .
grim : the king prawn was given the lowest possible hygiene rating - one out of five .
after an inspection last week , the takeaway was given a one out of five hygiene rating .
fan was fined # 5,000 and had to pay # 1,253 pounds in costs at portsmouth magistrates ' court after pleading guilty to five offences relating to food hygiene .
magistrate avril hardie said : ` there were a number of offences and the number of , nature and extent of the offences makes us feel like the