by .
sean poulter .
published : .
12:30 est , 14 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:40 est , 14 june 2013 .
queen of shops mary portas has condemned the government over a decision to allow tesco to build a vast new supermarket on the seafront at margate .
the retail guru , who was hired by david cameron to find ways to rescue dying town centres like margate , described the decision as ` a very sad day ' .
she has become an outspoken champion of small retailers and fought to try and revive town centres ravaged by the impact of large supermarkets .
battle : retail guru mary portas has been hired to revive britain 's ailing high streets .
however , she has effectively been overruled by the equally combative eric pickles , the secretary for communities and local government , who has approved the margate scheme .
the new tesco , which had been fought by local residents and traders , will be a massive 82,000 square feet and sit on what is a key site on the seafront .
the news will confirm suspicions that the original decision to hire portas was more of a publicity stunt than a genuine attempt to help struggling high streets .
for her key recommendations , which included cutting business rates and putting a brake on new shopping centres , have both been rejected .
threat : mary portas argues that places like margate need to be protected from the impact of large supermarkets so that small businesses have a fighting chance .
rather a penny-pinching and lack lustre funding scheme , called the portas pilots , has been set up to give small grants to a few town centre committees to support things like local markets .
last night , she condemned mr pickles ' decision to back the scheme , saying : ` this is a sad day for margate .
` the time , energy and genuine care the people of margate have put into rebuilding their high street is being completely undermined by the secretary of state , eric pickles mp who has signed off an 82,000 square feet edge-of-town tesco development .
` if government really believes in town centre first , how can they do this ?
' she was selected by the prime minister to front