prosecutors in the case of a man accused of killing a university of richmond student earlier this summer said he may have been seeking retribution for u.s. military action against muslims in the middle east .
ali muhammad brown and two accomplices are facing charges in connection to the slaying of 19-year-old brendan tevlin , who was shot multiple times in his car on june 25 in new jersey .
brown , 29 , also has been named a suspect in three other deadly shootings in washington state .
payback : ali muhammad brown , 29 -lrb- left -rrb- , accused of killing 19-year-old college student brendan tevlin -lrb- right -rrb- , allegedly told police he was seeking retribution against the u.s. for its military action in the middle east .
according .
to court documents filed last month and cited by nj.com , brown told police he considered it .
his mission to kill tevlin , a livingston , new jersey , native , as an act .
of ` vengeance ' for innocent lives lost in afghanistan , iraq , syria and .
iran at the hands of american troops .
` all .
these lives are taken every single day by america , by this government .
so a life for a life , ' he was quoted as telling detectives , according to .
the documents .
firebrand : talk radio host todd pettengill blasted mainstream media for failing to draw attention to what he called brown 's act of domestic terrorism .
prosecutors described brown as a devout muslim who considered u.s. military action in the middle east ` evil .
' brown 's .
case was brought to the forefront this week by talk radio .
host todd pettengill , who devoted eight minutes of his program , the todd .
show on wplj wednesday to what he described as an ` act of domestic .
terrorism .
' pettengill .
called out mainstream media and president obama for not focusing enough .
attention on the case , despite brown 's statements about retribution .
against the u.s. ` it was in .
fact an act of jihad , perpetrated by a fellow american who sympathized .
more with those who want to annihilate us than with his own country and .
its people , ' he said .
the 29-year-old suspect was one