by .
richard shears .
an unlicenced helicopter pilot who frequently flew hollywood star russell crowe from sydney to his outback australian home is on the run after being accused of conning a chopper company out of $ 450,000 .
paul james bennett , who has a number of aliases , and his partner simone anne wright , are being hunted by police in new zealand - and the rest of the world - after they vanished from their last known address in christchurch .
a reported fantasist who once told a court in britain in the early 1990s that he had been kidnapped while working as a helicopter pilot for the cia in south africa , bennett 's work with russell crowe was all too real for the oscar-winning actor .
paul james bennett -lrb- left -rrb- and simone anne wright -lrb- right -rrb- are wanted by new zealand authorities and others worldwide for a series of crimes .
crowe has told police that he hired bennett - who is now about 50 - after the new zealander landed a helicopter unannounced on his farm in northern new south wales in 2000 and asked for a job .
the actor was not aware that bennett did not even have a helicopter licence , but agreed that the new zealander could fly him to and from sydney .
with a number of alleged crimes behind him , bennett is now being hunted by police following claims he has ripped off a christchurch helicopter company , whose owner , the dominion newspaper reported today , was offering $ nz10 ,000 -lrb- $ a9 ,103 -rrb- for information leading to the arrest of bennett and his 40-year-old partner .
the owner , who has not been identified , told the paper that bennett had been contracted by the company to find several helicopters and other parts overseas .
during that time , said the owner , bennett used the alias david kite , backing up the name with documents which included a driver 's licence .
he is then said to have fabricated and inflated invoices for parts he had supposedly bought and was reimbursed by the company .
the money was then transferred into a bank account in new zealand .
` he is besotted with ms wright and committed crimes to maintain the lifestyle she demands , ' the company