sean rigg , 40 , a paranoid schizophrenic , died in police custody after being ` unnecessarily ' restrained in police custody .
today two officers have been arrested for perverting the course of justice in relation to mr rigg 's inquest .
two metropolitan police policemen and a retired officer have been arrested on suspicion of perverting the court of justice by investigators probing the death of a musician in police custody .
the independent police complaints commission made the arrests following an investigation launched following a damning inquest last august which ruled that 40-year-old sean rigg died after officers used unnecessary force to restrain him .
the arrests are connected with evidence given at the inquest .
mr rigg 's family had called for criminal charges to be brought against those responsible .
an ipcc spokesman today confirmed that an unnamed police sergeant , 50 , was arrested at work , a 29-year-old pc was arrested in south london and a retired pc , 48 , was arrested by appointment at a london police station .
the spokesman added : ` all three are being questioned by ipcc investigators at a central london police station .
` ipcc investigators have carried out searches at their home addresses and the serving officers ' workplaces .
` mr rigg 's family have been told about today 's developments through their solicitors .
' the inquest jury returned a scathing verdict about police actions , saying they contributed to the death of the musician while in custody at brixton police station in south london .
the jury at southwark coroner 's court found that police used unsuitable and unnecessary force , with officers failing to uphold the detained man 's basic rights as he collapsed after being pinned down for eight minutes .
mr rigg 's family pictured speaking to press after the inquest last august .
mr rigg , who had paranoid schizophrenia , was living in a south london hostel in august 2008 as his mental health deteriorated .
he smashed up a gazebo at the hostel and made karate moves which staff saw as threatening .
they called the police , who did not initially respond to several pleas for help .
three hours after the first 999 call police responded , and three officers restrained rigg .
the jury found that the metropolitan police made a catalogue