cbs has issued an apology after realizing that a man that they interviewed about his actions on the night of the attack in benghazi was lying on air .
dylan davies previously worked as a security contractor hired by the state department and he told 60 minutes that he was not on the ground of the special consulate when the attack began on the night of september 11 , 2012 , but he rushed over as soon as he heard .
after his interview with reporter lara logan aired on the show last sunday , his account began being questioned publicly and though the initially stood by him - believing his claims that he was the subject of a slander attack by the state department - they issued a public apology for their mistake on friday .
scroll down for video .
mea culpa : logan said on november 8 -lrb- pictured -rrb- that they were wrong to air her interview with a man called dylan davies who lied about his role on the night of the attacks on the american mission to benghazi .
in hiding : dylan davies told a story that has now been proved to be false during a 60 minutes interview and has since received death threats against his family .
` the most important thing to every person at 60 minutes is the truth , and today the truth is we made a mistake .
that 's very disappointing for any journalist , that 's very disappointing for me , ' logan said when she gave an on-air mea culpa during cbs this morning .
` nobody likes to admit that they made a mistake , but if you do , you have to stand up and take responsibility and you have to say that you were wrong and in this case we were wrong .
' during the original interview , davies - who went by the pseudonym that he used while writing a book about his version of events , morgan jones - said that he scaled a 12 foot wall and fought off a terrorist when he arrived at the consulate on the evening of the attack .
he also said that he later saw the body of ambassador chris stevens when he went to a local hospital that evening .
now it has been revealed that in .
reports he