by .
sarah griffiths .
for most parents , the moment their baby 's umbilical cord is cut is over in seconds .
but some families are choosing to dwell over the so-called ` sacred severance ' by burning the umbilical cord slowly .
as bizarre as it sounds , those who have done it claim that cord burning acts as another way of bonding a new family .
families from santa cruz , california , are choosing to burn through their baby 's umbilical cord using a candle instead of relying on a doctor with a clamp and scissors .
those who have used the ` cord burning ' technique say it is a bonding experience .
a family that wishes to remain anonymous is pictured .
some families use a ` burn box ' -lrb- pictured -rrb- with grooves to hold candles and collect dripping wax , to make the process safer .
samantha geston , who lives in santa cruz , .
california , is among the mothers who have chosen to avoid doctors with a .
clamp and scissors to cut the umbilical cord in seconds .
instead , she opted to burn through the cord slowly with a lit candle .
the practice has been around in some cultures for hundreds of years as a way of lowering the chance of infection and bleeding after birth .
mrs geston said that her parents , husband and daughter all took turns at holding the candle underneath the cord , until it burned through in 20 minutes .
` it was really magical and everyone was .
so happy and it was just the perfect way to end a beautiful pregnancy .
and a beautiful birth , ' she told today parents .
mrs geston said she was not worried that .
her new son would be burned by the flame as the cord was stretched out .
away from him so that it was connected to the placenta in a bowl by the .
side of the bed .
samantha geston -lrb- pictured -rrb- is among the mothers who have chosen cord burning , which has been around in some cultures for years as a way of lowering the chance of infection and bleeding after birth .
here , her husband uses a candle to burn the cord .
mrs geston said that her parents ,