by .
james gordon .
lance armstrong says he believed he is living a ` positive and free ' life after confessing to using performance-enhancing drugs .
the disgraced cyclist told cnn that he has been able to go about his daily life without being taunted or heckled for what he did .
a cancer survivor and once hero to millions , armstrong was stripped of his seven tour de france victories and banned for life from racing in 2012 by the u.s. anti-doping agency after it accused him in a report of engineering one of the most sophisticated doping schemes in sports .
the investigation and later admission to doping destroyed armstrong ` s reputation and career .
time for reflection : lance armstrong is living an unbothered and positive life 18 months after confessing to using performance-enhancing drugs .
' i never get crap , not once , and i ` m surprised by that , ' armstrong told cnn .
` sure , i sometimes get the vibe that someone wants to say something but it ` s never happened .
' the armstrong lies along with the bullying and the betrayal has laid him bare to all manner of abuse .
the cyclist ` s problems are far from over however .
he and his team of lawyers are about to face several civil lawsuits that could drain the fortune gained .
in june a federal judge rejected armstrong ` s bid to dismiss a whistleblower lawsuit claiming that he and his former cycling team , which the u.s. postal service had sponsored , defrauded the government in a scheme to use banned , performance-enhancing drugs .
armstrong claims the u.s. postal service benefitted hugely from the exposure it got from its sponsorship and that the lawsuit had been brought too late .
toughing it up : he admits to having an ` f-you ' attitude , but the disgraced cyclist insists he ` never gets crap ' from people following his long-awaited admission of long-term doping .
the lawsuit has potential $ 100 million ramifications for a man who was previously one of the world 's most bankable sports stars .
` i 'm very confident that that 's a winner for us , ' he says .
' i do n't think anyone can truly argue the u.s. postal service was damaged .
they