police believe they are on the verge of solving a brutal cold case murder that occurred 35 years ago .
ronda blaylock was just 14-years-old in 1980 when she and a friend took a ride home from a stranger after finishing the day at atkins high school in rural hall , north carolina - a town so quaint and wholesome that it was the model for the fictional mayberry in ` the andy griffith show .
' her friend got dropped off first , but ronda never made it back home .
three days later , her partially clothed body was discovered in a heavily wooded area almost 20 miles away from the bowling alley parking lot where she and her friend had hitched a ride .
she had been violently assaulted and then stabbed to death .
the man who gave her a ride home that day was never found .
scroll down for video .
ronda blaylock -lrb- above -rrb- was just 14-years-old in 1980 when she was found stabbed to death and brutally assaulted .
this after she and a friend had taken a ride home from a man -lrb- above -rrb- after school in rural hall , north carolina .
surry county sheriff graham atkinson -lrb- above -rrb- said in a press conference on monday the man still lives in the area and they are close to getting him .
the camel city dispatch reports that the investigation into ronda 's death was relaunched after her mother , rebecca , called in to authorities recently to ask what progress had been made on her daughter 's case .
` within a day or so after receiving her call there were developments that i can not discuss here today , but this task force is actively pursuing good leads , ' surry county sheriff graham atkinson said in a press conference on monday .
what they already knew is that the man was in his early twenties back in 1980 , drove a blue pickup truck with a white shell over the bed and went by jimmy , though he told the girls his friends called him butch .
he would now be in his mid-to-late fifties .
and while it has been years since the incident , some witnesses have been able to provide better information now than they could at the time the tragedy occurred