new york city fc have announced the signing of spain international david villa on a three-year deal .
the newly-formed major league soccer club , who are jointly owned by manchester city and the new york yankees , confirmed on their twitter account that the 32-year-old was their first-ever player .
the club tweeted : ` welcome to new york city : david villa -lrb- @guaje7villa -rrb- officially signs as #nycfc 's first ever player .
#villatonycfc .
' video scroll down to watch david villa mobbed by atletico madrid supporters .
first of many ... new york fc posted a picture of david villa holding the shirt on their twitter account .
stateside star : a billboard announcing villa 's signing looks over time square in new york .
farewell : david villa has said his goodbyes to atletico madrid ahead of his move to new york city .
over achiever : villa picked up the la liga title and reached the champions league final with atletico madrid .
villa makes the move to america after helping atletico madrid win their first primera division title since 1996 last season and also reach the champions league final , where they lost to real madrid .
prior to joining atletico in the summer of 2013 , spain 's record goalscorer spent three hugely successful seasons at barcelona while he has also represented valencia , real zaragoza and sporting gijon .
villa , who has never before played his club football outside of spain , said during an interview posted on the atletico website on sunday that he was embarking on a new challenge after receiving ` an irresistible opportunity ' , although he did not specify what it was or where .
however , there was widespread speculation that villa was headed to new york city and that move was confirmed on monday .
villa said on his new club 's website , www.nycfc.com : ` throughout my career i 've always tried to keep pushing myself to achieve new targets and this represents another important goal for me .
' i want to try and help mls continue to grow , through playing , working hard , scoring goals and at the same time try to make new york city fc become the best team in the league .
confirmed : villa has been named in the final 23-man squad