by .
amanda williams .
published : .
05:15 est , 30 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
06:48 est , 30 december 2012 .
adam robinson , 21 , has been accused of having six sexual encounters with a 13 year old girl over the course of a week in a californian motel .
a british man has been charged with sexual assault after he flew to america to allegedly meet a 13-year-old girl it is claimed he groomed over the internet , it has emerged today .
adam robinson , 21 , has been accused of having six sexual encounters with the teenager over the course of a week in a californian motel .
it is believed he met the girl in an online chat room .
he is said to have struck up a relationship with her over the last year before flying out to meet her .
robinson , from fleet , in hampshire , arrived in the us on december 15 , according to local police , and had been waiting to see her again on thursday when police arrested him at the good nite inn motel .
the girl turned 14 on christmas eve .
the teenager 's parents are believed to have raised the alarm after hearing about the ` relationship .
' he has been charged with ' a lewd act ' with the girl twice on the first occasion they met and another four times on the day before she became 14 .
it is believed both of their meetings happened at the motel in the redwood area of california .
robinson is now being held in west valley detention center in the suburban city of rancho cucamonga , san bernardino .
his bail has been set at # 620,000 and he faces a lengthy prison sentence if found guilty .
he is scheduled to appear tomorrow at the county 's superior court .
redlands police detective andy capps told the sunday mirror : ` evidence was recovered from the motel room and vehicle linking robinson to the victim .
robinson had established an online relationship with the victim over the past year and flew to california on december 15 .
' the good nite inn in redlands , california , where adam robinson was arrested by police after he allegedly met the 13-year-old girl for ` sexual encounters