a researcher 's accidental discovery could pave the way for a baldness cure by harnessing the power of white blood cells .
the cancer expert was testing anti-inflammatory drugs on mice when she was surprised to discover they were growing extra fur , so investigated what was causing the phenomenon .
she discovered it was due to macrophages , which are derived from white blood cells called monocytes and are produced by the immune system to fight infections and clear up dead tissue .
scroll down for video .
wait no more : hopes for a baldness cure have been revived after a spanish researcher accidentally discovered how cells from the immune system can activate those which are responsible for hair growth .
according to dr mirna perez-moreno , who made the find at the spanish national cancer research centre in madrid , the macrophages activated nearby stem cells which are responsible for hair growth .
that means follicles could be encouraged to grow without the need for a hair transplant , which can cost upwards of # 5,000 .
she and the study 's other authors wrote in the journal plos biology : ` one of the current challenges in the stem cell field is ... to promote regeneration without the need of transplantation .
` because of this study , it is now known that macrophages play a key role in the environment surrounding stem cells .
` our study underlines the importance of macrophages as modulators in skin regenerative processes , going beyond their primary function as phagocytic immune cells .
' proud : some men go to great lengths to disguise their baldness , but others including samuel l jackson -lrb- left -rrb- and bruce willis -lrb- right -rrb- are happy to show it off .
so far , the researchers ' theory has been tested only in mice .
previous research has identified signals from the skin that help prompt hair growth , but exactly how different types of cells do this continues to stir debate .
the study 's authors believe their findings could also influence approaches to tissue regeneration , ageing and cancer .
dr perez-moreno made the discovery by accident while she was working on another research project .
she observed that the mice she was working with had started to regrow hair when they were given anti-inflammatory drugs .
curious as