the rebels bikie gang represents ` one of australia 's highest risk criminal threats ' and its exiled president ` continues to to exert significant influence ' over the group , according to court documents obtained by daily mail australia .
immigration minister scott morrison would not explain why he cancelled rebels president alex vella 's visa while the 61-year-old was holidaying in his native malta five months ago , saying only the decision was made under ` character provisions ' .
daily mail australia can now reveal the minister 's decision relied on detailed intelligence provided by an australian crime commission-led task force and outlined in a document tendered in the federal court last month .
the attero task force was established in 2012 to ` disrupt , disable and dismantle criminal activities of the rebels mc - one of australia 's highest risk criminal threats ' , the document states .
scroll down for video .
alex vella says he is a god-fearing , law-abiding family man who likes riding motorcylces with his mates .
police say the president of the rebels leads a violent gang involved in kidnapping , extortion and drug dealing .
alex vella , president of the rebels outlaw motorcycle gang since 1973 -lrb- pictured centre -rrb- , is challenging the government 's decision to cancel his visa while he was visiting his native malta in june .
immigration minister scott morrison cancelled rebels boss alex vella 's visa under ` character provisions ' on june 13 while mr vella was holidaying in his native malta .
rebels president alex vella , second from left , has taken his fight against the australian government 's cancellation of his visa to the federal court , denying his the head of a criminal organisation .
attero investigators allege under vella 's leadership the rebels have engaged in drug dealing , money laundering , serious assaults , kidnapping , extortion , firearms offences , threatening law enforcement officers and intimidating court witnesses .
it is believed the gang has more than 2000 members across the country .
` the rebels mc membership in australia includes a significant number of individuals with criminal convictions , ' the court document states .
` between january 20012 and june 2013 , 718 rebels mc members , nominees and associates were either reported or arrested in relation to 1211 charges for