in june , after five years living in france , rugby golden boy jonny wilkinson finally put his seven-bedroom northumberland mansion on the market .
but six months later the property still has n't shifted , and the retired fly-half has now slashed the price by # 305,000 to # 1.195 m .
the reduction comes amid rumours that jonny is moving back to the uk and he has been spotted house hunting in the wiltshire countryside .
jonny wilkinson first put the luxury home on the market for # 1.5 m but it has now been reduced to # 1.195 m .
the beautifully 19th-century property is set in five acres of gardens and grounds and is next to a golf course .
the beautifully appointed kitchen and breakfast room has wood-beamed ceilings and wooden floors .
the beautiful 19th-century property is set in five acres of gardens and grounds and is conveniently placed next to a golf course , perfect for anyone with a penchant for sport .
and that 's not all on offer to sport fanatics - the property has its own heated swimming pool and adjoining leisure complex with a sauna and gym , which wilkinson built in 2004 after being injured .
the star has credited his home leisure facilities for saving his career .
` my whole life was about doing rehab and gym work to try and stay fit and get back into my job .
it became a bit of a retreat almost , ' wilkinson -lrb- pictured above in the gym -rrb- said of his home .
the property has its own heated swimming pool and adjoining leisure complex with a sauna and gym .
` when i went through my injury period between 2004 and 2007 , i just could n't stay fit and i was struggling , ' the star explained when he first put his house up for sale .
` it was then i decided to extend the property to include space for a gym and a swimming pool .
` it kind of saved my career .
my whole life was about doing rehab and gym work to try and stay fit and get back into my job .
it became a bit of a retreat almost .
' jonny has also spoken about how much the house means to him .
the retired fly-half