by .
steve nolan .
published : .
09:42 est , 23 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
10:45 est , 23 december 2012 .
dedicated to the claus : britain 's longest serving santa ron horniblew , has set up his own santa school after 48 years of playing father christmas .
the top toys on children 's wish lists might change every christmas , but each year there is one constant that brings joy to youngsters around the world - santa claus .
and one father christmas has become something of an ever present just like the real thing .
at 77 , ron horniblew , or santa ron as he is known , is britain 's longest serving santa .
for the past 48 years , ron of luton , bedfordshire , has been donning his red suit and putting a smile on the face of thousands of youngsters - he has even won awards for his santa skills .
his christmassy career started when he dressed up as a novel way of delivering presents to his son back in 1964 .
but he enjoyed it so much that he began dressing up as santa for his friend 's children too , before moving into grottos and using his jolly demeanour to raise money for charity .
over the decades , santa ron has raised thousands of pounds for charity and delivered sack loads of gifts to youngsters .
he has even visited children at an orphanage in the bahamas , attended santa conferences and competitions in sweden , norway and denmark and was crowned the world 's best santa in 2004 .
to mark his dedication to christmas , ron has been awarded a 40-year-service award and is one of the only british santa 's entitled to wear the official santa badge after being authorised by santa claus of greenland .
he said : ' i started dressing up as santa when my son graham was young , friends of mine then asked if i could come round and visit their children and it just snowballed from there .
' i just loved seeing the surprise and happiness i could bring to people .
early days : ron , now 77 , pictured in 1964 , recieved a 40-year-service award and is one of the few british father christmases to be allowed to wear