ac milan missed the chance to go third in the serie a table after suffering a 2-0 home defeat to palermo on sunday evening .
the rossoneri would have dislodged sampdoria from the final champions league place with three points at san siro , but an early own goal from christian zapata set the tone for an under-par display .
paulo dybala scored the sicilians ' second goal , one that both assured promoted palermo of a first away win of the season and lifted them six points clear of the relegation zone and into 13th place .
cristian zapata heads the ball into his own net as ac milan go 1-0 down after 23 minutes .
ac milan goalkeeper diego lopez makes a fantastic save during the game at the san siro .
sampdoria had earlier returned to the title race by edging out fiorentina 3-1 in a frenetic clash at the stadio luigi ferraris .
the opening 45 minutes witnessed three goals and a saved penalty as samp battled to wrestle third place from napoli , while fiorentina appeared determined to escape from mid-table obscurity .
angelo palombo notched first for the hosts , from the spot , minutes before fiorentina midfielder gonzalo rodriguez saw his penalty snaffled by sergio romero .
milan striker fernando torres -lrb- left -rrb- battles for possession with palermo 's sinisa andelkovic .
paulo dybala celebrates with the palermo bench after firing his side 2-0 in front in the first half .
luca rizzo and stefan savic then exchanged goals just before the break , with eder rubber-stamping the blucerchiati 's first league win in four attempts with a 78th-minute strike .
genoa won a third straight game on sunday with a 4-2 triumph at udinese .
each team scored twice in the opening half , but alessandro matri put the visitors in front for good in the 54th minute .
udinese wasted several chances to equalise before substitute juraj kucka killed the game off three minutes from time with genoa 's fourth goal .
torino fans will have to wait longer for their team to win two league games in a row as they were held to a goalless draw by atalanta .
the granata could have sealed all three points deep in stoppage time , but substitute midfielder alexander farnerud saw atalanta goalkeeper marco sportiello deflect his shot over the crossbar