by .
sarah griffiths .
published : .
11:30 est , 7 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
02:32 est , 8 october 2013 .
plastic pollution is not just confined to the world 's oceans , it is threatening life some of the world 's most beautiful lakes too , scientists warn .
although many lakes in the alps might look pristine , beneath the surface there are billions of tiny particles which have broken down from plastic bottles , wrappings and other rubbish that are slowly entering the food chain .
researchers have found italy 's lake garda - a popular holiday destination for families and those keen on water sports such as windsurfing - is contaminated with potentially hazardous tiny microplastics .
many sub-alpine lakes might look pristine , but new evidence suggests they may also be contaminated with potentially hazardous plastics .
pictured are some samples of plastic waste and microplastics found in lake garda in italy .
scientists from the university of bayreuth in germany believe the microplastics could be getting into food chain through a wide range of freshwater invertebrates .
over the past 60 years plastic has become central to everyday life but the planet has been subjected to a huge quality of non-biodegradable waste , much of which ends up floating in the world 's oceans .
scientists expected the sub-alpine lakes to be free from plastic pollution but the findings suggest all inland waterways could be contaminated .
past research has shown fish , birds .
and mammals are ingesting plastic particles which are retained within .
their digestive system , slowly releasing chemicals into their bodies .
other .
research showed the plastic surface of these particles is adsorbing .
chemicals from the surrounding water an concentrating them - making them .
even more harmful .
scientists expected the sub-alpine lakes to be free from plastic pollution but the findings suggest all inland waterways could be contaminated .
popular holiday destination , lake garda is pictured .
the persistent organic pollutants -lrb- pops -rrb- have been linked with numerous health conditions such as low sperm count , infant development , weakened immune systems and genetic defects .
the plastics also allow alien species to invade other environments threatening biodiversity .
christian laforsch of the university of bayreuth in germany said : ` next to mechanical impairments of swallowed