the tempestuous love life of elizabeth taylor and richard burton captured the imagination of a generation , and now a rare love letter written by the glamorous actress to her then husband has come to light , giving a rare glimpse into the fiery passion between them .
the steamy letter shows how she desperately fought to save their doomed marriage right to the end .
the letter opens with the line : ' i .
wish i could tell you of my ... pure animal pleasure of you .
' and ends saying : ` anyway , i lust thee ' .
the note , thought to be the only taylor-burton love letter ever to become available for public sale , was written by the late actress days before the pair separated and three months before they divorced for the first time .
scroll down for video .
elizabeth taylor and richard burton 's passionate love life captured the imagination of a generation .
richard burton and elizabeth taylor in a scene from the film ` cleopatra ' in 1963 .
welsh actor burton had numerous affairs .
during his 10-year marriage to his actress wife , who finally ran .
out of patience in 1974 - when he is said to have cheated on her with a waitress .
but on their 10th wedding anniversary and just days before they split , taylor wrote of her love for her husband and her anxieties about their marriage .
she addressed the letter ` my -lrb- still -rrb- husband ' and signed off ` your -lrb- still -rrb- wife ' and in between wrote : ' i wish i could tell you of my love for you , of my fear , my pure animal pleasure of you , my jealousy , my anger at you .
` most of all my love for you and whatever love you can dole out to me .
i wish i could write about it but i can only boil and bubble inside and hope you understand how i really feel .
' the private letter , written in pencil , was left behind by burton at a luxury home the hollywood couple rented in california while he filmed the 1974 movie the klansman .
the glamorous couple at the premiere of richard burton 's film where eagles dare .
this gushing letter