the young girl , pictured , was filmed performing sex acts on 24 men .
council officials in magaluf , spain have ordered the closure of the bar where a british girl was filmed performing sex acts on 24 men for a cheap cocktail .
local police say they have identified playhouse as the bar where the video was taken .
the owners of the bar have been hit with a # 43,500 fine they have been told to pay with controversial entertainment firm carnage .
both playhouse and carnage have also been told they must shut for a year unless they can successfully appeal against the council decision .
the pair , formally notified on thursday of the fine and closure orders , have been given 15 working days to appeal .
a council spokesman said : ` the town hall has shown it is acting in a scrupulous legal fashion .
` we 've acted only when a full and conclusive police report was in place .
` we have n't acted on the spur of the moment based on the sole evidence of a video posted on the internet .
' i think the message is clear .
the town hall wo n't tolerate activities of the kind featured in the video under any circumstances .
` we will use all the laws we have available to us to ensure there is no repetition .
` playhouse and carnage now have 15 days to defend themselves and i am sure they will do so because a 12-month closure could make anything think about closing up permanently .
' the spokesman added : ` there 's nothing to stop carnage opening up again under a different name if the council decision prospers .
` but if they chose to do so they 'll have to be aware of what they 're up against .
' a lot of bars and hotels they have been working with might not be so keen to work with them in the future .
` the fine of $ 55.000 euros is a joint fine they can pay between them but the closure orders affects them both for the full 12 months .
' manuel onieva , mayor of the municipality of calvia which covers magaluf , ordered a police investigation earlier this month after the video of an 18-year-old british holidaymaker performing