by .
rebecca camber .
a mother of three who says she was molested by rolf harris at age 15 has become the first of the star 's alleged victims to waive her right to anonymity .
tonya lee , 43 , became suicidal , developed an eating disorder and binged on alcohol after he sexually assaulted her twice in a london pub , she told his trial yesterday .
the former child actress said harris , now 84 , laughed as he abused her .
tonya lee in 1986 , the year the alleged offence took place -lrb- left -rrb- .
she claims she was sexually assaulted by rolf harris she was 15 at the time .
right , ms lee leaving court in a car with police officers earlier today .
it was announced at the start of the day that she had waived the anonymity given to alleged sex attack victims .
jurors .
saw a picture of the 15-year-old on the ` trip of a lifetime ' in 1986 , .
when she travelled from her home in australia to perform in british .
theatres .
but southwark .
crown court heard that the children 's tv presenter left her so .
traumatised she needed hospital treatment in her 16-year battle with .
anorexia .
jurors heard she tried to end her life with a potentially lethal mix of laxatives and alcohol .
fighting .
back tears , she said harris made her feel like an ` empty vessel ' until .
her children , a seven-year-old and twins aged five , gave her a reason to .
live .
rolf harris arrives at southwark crown court this morning where he is on trial for 12 counts of indecent assault between 1968 and 1986 .
australian tonya lee , who has waived her right to anonymity , told the court that harris molested her during a trip to the uk in 1986 .
she said : ` i was drinking .
i had eating disorders and i was taking 80 laxatives a day for eight years and throwing up .
' the alleged attacks happened in a london pub on the first night of her six-week tour with the shopfront theatre youth group .
miss lee was overwhelmed with excitement when harris met the group of 14 children at heathrow airport as a surprise .
the