by .
ap reporter .
published : .
19:18 est , 22 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:18 est , 22 november 2013 .
the company that employed the washington navy yard shooter pulled his .
access to classified material for two days in august when mental health .
problems became evident , but restored it quickly and never told navy .
officials about the withdrawal , the associated press has learned .
an initial navy review revealed that the fort lauderdale , fla.-based .
company , the experts , ordered computer contractor aaron alexis back to .
washington , d.c. , after a police incident in rhode island in august , .
according to senior u.s. officials .
the company then withdrew his .
ability to access secret-level data for two days , said the officials , .
who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to .
publicly discuss the investigation .
it did not disclose why his access .
was reinstated .
less than six weeks later , the former navy reservist .
gunned down 12 civilian workers in a navy yard building , and police .
fatally shot him .
the experts did not immediately return messages seeking comment .
access denied : navy yard shooter aaron alexis had his access to classified information denied six weeks before the shooting .
the classified access revelation has raised questions about whether the company 's disclosure of the discipline could have brought alexis to navy officials ' attention earlier and perhaps prevented the massacre .
the navy did an initial review into the matter , but it has not yet been released .
officials also have done a full investigation , including what prompted the company 's decision and why the government was never told .
naval leaders now are reviewing that report .
the shooting spree triggered several navy and defense department reviews into base security and contractor requirements , including questions about how thorough the background checks are for security clearances and whether more vigilant monitoring and reassessments should be done .
while the navy reviews have not been released , navy secretary ray mabus has sent out a notice to the fleet directing all commanders and civilian leaders in the navy to scrutinize the records of any personnel who are allowed to access classified information .
psychological reasons :