anyone who 's been on a ski holiday will admit to have thinking it .
` would n't this place be brilliant if we had it all to ourselves ?
' one way to avoid crowds on the slopes , is to hire out the whole resort exclusively - something one utah ski village offers for $ 10,000 .
eagle point , in utah , can host 200 people at its resort and while its slopes are open to the public from thursday to sunday , from monday to wednesday , skiers will have the lifts and the runs to themselves .
eagle point in utah can be hired out completely for almost $ 10,000 -lrb- # 6,500 -rrb- and can cater for 200 people .
and while it sounds like the sort of thing that would only be exclusively accessed by the rich , royal or uber-famous , it 's not .
in theory , the whole place including accommodation and slopes with five lifts to access 600 acres of skiable powder , can be all yours for $ 50 -lrb- # 32.50 -rrb- .
owner shane gadbaw , a former banker , rents out the whole resort privately for $ 10,000 -lrb- # 6,486 -rrb- , which if split between 200 people works out at just $ 50 -lrb- # 32.50 -rrb- each .
and because it 's called the ` as you wish package ' , and the resort is run privately and not by some big , faceless corporation , it 's all tailored to your group 's needs .
speaking to mailonline travel , mr gadbaw says that three key virtues of an authentic ski and snowboard experience , affordable first class food service and a terrain for all levels make the resort what it is .
the us resort offers stunning views out over utah , while this luxury continues to the facilities and food on offer .
executive chef jimmie mcdowell ensures his food and his staff are of the highest standard for all the guests .
` eagle point resembles a ski resort of the classic era before high speed detachable lifts , luxury shopping villages and amusement park-like crowds and lines .
guests have the space to enjoy the snow and the mountains without fighting crowds .
as a private , family-run operation , the culture of eagle point and its