the centers for disease control and prevention has removed a warning from its website that ebola can , in rare cases , spread from person through coughing and sneezing .
it has replaced the old language with new guidance that says there 's ` no evidence ' ebola is spread through either .
according to the new york post , the cdc also took down on thursday a poster that said that ebola can be transferred through ` droplets ' from coughing or sneezing that land on hard surfaces , like doorknobs .
scroll down for video .
this undated handout photo provided by the centers for disease control -lrb- cdc -rrb- shows a kit that travelers from ebola-stricken west african nations will be given containing information cards and a thermometer .
the cdc previously suggested that ebola can , in rare cases , spread from person through coughing and sneezing .
it now says there ` no evidence ' to support that claim .
as the huffington post , which discovered the shift in language , noted yesterday evening , it 's unclear why the cdc abruptly changed it 's ebola advisories .
however , the move came a day after the new york post reported on the existence of the poster .
` droplet spread happens when germs traveling inside droplets that are coughed or sneezed from a sick person enter the eyes , nose or mouth of another person , ' the fact sheet reportedly stated .
now the page says , ` the what 's the difference between infections spread through air or by droplets ?
fact sheet is being updated and is currently unavailable .
please visit cdc.gov / ebola for up-to-date information on ebola .
' the quiet removal of the information follows a weeks long public health campaign championed republican sen. rand paul to get the cdc to be ` forthright ' about how the disease is spread .
previously the cdc 's frequently asked questions page on ebola said : ` although coughing and sneezing are not common symptoms of ebola , if a symptomatic patient with ebola coughs or sneezes on someone , and saliva or mucus come into contact with that person 's eyes , nose or mouth , these fluids may transmit the disease .
a cdc poster claiming that ebola can spread through ` droplets ' of germs