` outrage industry ' : comedian rowan atkinson blamed the law for creating a society of an ` extraordinarily authoritarian and controlling nature ' ministers agreed to scrap a law .
outlawing ` insulting words or behaviour ' last night after a campaign led .
by comedian rowan atkinson .
home secretary theresa may announced a dramatic u-turn yesterday saying the government would ditch the contentious words from the public order act amid fears that they are strangling free speech .
the blackadder and mr bean star led a coalition of campaign groups complaining that the legislation has been abused by over-zealous police and prosecutors to arrest christian preachers , critics of scientology , gay rights campaigners and even students making jokes .
the government caved in yesterday after suffering a humiliating defeat in the house of lords before christmas .
mrs .
may told the commons that the word ` insulting ' would be removed from .
section 5 of the public order act , as part of the crime and courts bill .
she .
told mps : ` looking at past cases , the director of public prosecutions .
could not identify any where the behaviour leading to a conviction could .
not be described as `` abusive '' as well as `` insulting '' .
` he .
has stated that the word `` insulting '' could safely be removed without .
the risk of undermining the ability of the cps to bring prosecutions .
` we .
will issue guidance to the police on the range of powers that remain .
available to them to deploy in the kind of situations i described , but .
the word `` insulting '' shall be removed from section 5 .
' the climbdown was welcomed by civil liberties campaigners .
tory mp david davis said : ` i welcome this sensible decision by the home secretary .
the only effect of this law was to chill public debate and depress freedom of speech .
' reform section 5 campaign director .
simon calvert said he was `` very pleased '' by the government 's statement , .
adding : ` this is a victory for free speech .
people of all shades of .
opinion have suffered at the hands of section 5 .
' nick .
pickles , director of civil liberties campaign group big brother