denied : leslie van houten was denied parole for the 20th time 44 years after going to prison for the labianca murders .
a parole panel refused an emotional bid by former charles manson follower leslie van houten to release her from prison 44 years after she participated in a notorious set of murders .
the denial came at the 63-year-old 's 20th parole hearing on wednesday , where the panel heard from relatives of the victims who were opposed to her release .
board of parole hearings commissioner jeffrey ferguson told van houten she had failed to explain how someone as intelligent and well-bred as she was could have committed the ` cruel and atrocious ' murders of leno and rosemary la bianca .
she wo n't be eligible to ask for parole again for five years , but ferguson said she could request another hearing sooner if circumstances change .
` the crimes will always be a factor , ' he said .
` the question is whether the good will ever outweigh the bad .
it certainly did n't today .
' van houten was convicted of murder and conspiracy for her role in the slayings of wealthy los angeles grocers leno and rosemary la bianca .
they were stabbed to death in august 1969 , one night after manson 's followers killed actress sharon tate and four others .
van houten was 19 at the time .
van houten did not participate in the tate killings but went along the next night when the la biancas were slain in their home .
during the penalty phase of her trial she confessed to joining in stabbing mrs. la bianca after she was dead .
' i know i did something that is unforgiveable , but i can create a world where i make amends , ' van houten said before the decision .
fresh-faced : van houten , right , enters court in 1969 with susan atkins and patricia krenwinkel .
with survivors of the labiancas sitting behind her at the california institution for women , van houten acknowledged participating in the killings ordered by manson .
` he could never have done what he did without people like me , ' said van houten , who has been in custody for 44 years .
` she is living a life of amends for her crime on