it was hugs all round and a few curtsies too when the netherlands ' king willem-alexander and queen maxima arrived in denmark this morning .
waiting at copenhagen 's kastrup airport was the scandinavian country 's 74-year-old monarch , queen margrethe , her husband prince henrik , 80 and their son crown prince frederik , 46 .
but maxima , glamorous in a grey coat by dutch designer claes iversen , had serious competition in the style stakes from australian-born crown princess mary , 43 , who was elegant in a nude coat and purple pillbox hat .
scroll down for video .
sweeping a curtsey : crown princess mary of denmark curtsies to queen maxima at kastrup airport .
royal welcome : a beaming king willem-alexander steps off the plane to be greeted by queen margrethe .
like the 43-year-old dutch queen , mother-of-four mary chose louboutins for the occasion and even managed to sweep a low curtsey , despite the teetering height of the heels .
also on hand to welcome the dutch royals at kastrup airport 's private royal terminal were other members of the danish royal family , among them frederik 's younger brother joachim .
45-year-old joachim 's french wife princess marie was also there and wore an ensemble that echoed her sister-in-law 's .
queen margrethe , who along with queen elizabeth ii , is one of the world 's only queens regnant , then led the way out of the airport , escorted by king willem-alexander .
the dutch royals are at the start of a three-day state visit to denmark , aimed at strengthening links between the two countries .
unsurprisingly , the programme is a busy one , with maxima and willem-alexander set to criss-cross the country over the next couple of days .
hand-in-hand : crown prince frederik and crown princess mary were at kastrup to greet the dutch royals .
poised : the crown prince couple appeared ready for action as the dutch plane touched down .
welcome : the danish royals gather on the red carpet to welcome their dutch counterparts .
red carpet treatment : mary curtsies to king willem-alexander while prince joachim -lrb- right -rrb- waits in line .
today includes a lunch with danish prime minister helle thorning-schmidt , a glamorous blonde who is married to stephen kinnock , son of british politician neil .