the charity stunt has lured athletes , celebrities , politicians and rock stars and gone viral on the internet , but do n't look for u.s. diplomats to get in on the fun .
lawyers at the state department have banned american ambassadors and other high-profile foreign service officers from participating in the ice-bucket challenge to raise money and awareness for lou gehrig 's disease , also called amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , or als .
in a cable sent this week to all u.s. diplomatic missions , the lawyers say it runs afoul of federal ethics rules barring officials from using public office for private gain ` no matter how worthy the cause .
' former president george w. bush took part in the ice bucket challenge this week -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
the unclassified cable , sent on tuesday , was obtained by the associated press thursday .
the cable said public health and disease prevention are some of the state department 's highest priorities , noting u.s. funding for global programs to fight hiv and aids , malaria , tuberculosis , smallpox and polio and recent efforts to combat the ebola virus .
and , it complimented the als association on the success of its ice bucket challenge , which has raised more than $ 40 million and attracted a plethora of notable participants , including former president george w. bush , television hosts martha stewart and matt lauer and pro golfer greg norman .
but it also pointed out that choosing among worthy charities can be a difficult personal decision that is made ` even more difficult when high-ranking state department personnel with high-profile positions are asked to participate in charitable fund-raising , and concerns about preference and favoritism always arise .
' ` there are firmly established rules preventing the use of public office , such as our ambassadors , for private gain , no matter how worthy a cause , ' the cable said .
` thus , high-ranking state department officials are unfortunately unable to participate in the ice bucket challenge .
` we since wish the als association continued success in its ice bucket campaign , and in its fight against lou gehrig 's disease .
' by the time the cable was sent at least one high-ranking diplomat , ambassador to israel daniel shapiro , had already participated and had challenged u.s.