by .
alex finnis .
an 18-carat gold timepiece considered ` the holy grail of watches ' is expected to sell for a record-breaking $ 16.5 m at auction .
the celebrated henry graves supercomplication is a masterpiece of horology - the science of measuring time - and took eight years to make by hand .
swiss watchmaker patek philippe was commissioned to make it by new york banker henry graves in 1925 , and it is considered to be the most complicated watch ever made .
an 18-carat gold henry graves supercomplication timepiece considered ` the holy grail of watches ' is expected to sell for more than $ 16.5 m at auction .
tim bourne , sotheby 's worldwide head of watches , said : ` the list of superlatives which can be attached to this icon of the 20th century is truly extraordinary .
` indisputably the `` holy grail '' of watches , the henry graves supercomplication combines the renaissance ideal of the unity of beauty and craftsmanship with the apogee of science .
' the 18-carat gold openface watch was the culmination of three years of research and two years of painstaking craftsmanship .
the watch last sold at sotheby 's in 1999 for $ 11m and became the most expensive of all time to sell at auction .
now it looks set to break its own record .
the watch features a perpetual calendar , moon phases , sidereal time , power reserve , and indications for time of sunset and sunrise and the night sky of new york city .
it has 24 horological complications and was considered the ` world 's most complicated watch ' for 56 years , according to sotheby 's .
a horological complication is any feature on that indicates something other than hours or minutes .
only with the advent of computer-assisted machines to aid technical perfection in watch making today has any timepiece surpassed the henry graves ' ingenuity .
this is the second time it is being sold at auction , after being bought in 1999 for a record-breaking $ 11m .
it became the most expensive timepiece ever sold at auction , but is now set to enter the record books for a second time .
the sale will come among sotheby 's lots of important watches in geneva in november , to coincide with