edwin ` ed ' hale , sr , sleeps on his 186-acre property over chesapeake bay with a sawed-off shotgun always within reach .
it 's not burglars the former bank of baltimore chairman worries about at night , but enemies who may have learned he spent time working undercover for the cia .
the wall street journal reports that hale , 68 , broke his silence in a self-published book about his cia work in a story similar to hollywood spy jack ryan 's escapades in ` shadow recruit .
' in from the cold : former bank executive ed hale , 68 , spoke about his work as a spy for the cia , operating a dummy company for the agency and giving cover to operatives working abroad .
baltimore magazine reports that hale was recruited by ` buzzy ' krongard back in 1992 .
krongard , the head of investment bank alex. brown who worked in the same office as hale , also happened to be a banker working in the employ of the cia .
after being recruited , hale says he helped run a dummy company the cia created under a legitimate corporation under his control that had shipping and trucking operations .
hale traveled to countries including saudi arabia , israel , poland , denmark and norway to help provide cover to operatives supposedly working for the company .
hale 's role , which was never officially associated with the us government , was key during a campaign in the 1990s when the cia was conducting early investigations on osama bin laden .
during operations , he would know only the agents ' names and destinations , though he often communicated with a handler from the agency .
spy games : jack ryan : shadow recruit is about a marine who joins a wall street brokerage as a cover story for his work for the cia .
hale said he 'd become a ` little nervous ' his name would be revealed when agents did not return from missions at the pre-determined time , though he believes none were ever caught .
though rarely in danger , hale said he once had a close shave with shin bet , israel 's internal security service , while in jerusalem .
' i was in israel with one of the agents , and he was on