a russian cosmonaut has taken a stand against sexism by hitting back at a reporter who asked her questions about her hair and make-up ahead of her mission into space .
yelena serova was swift to chastise the offending member of the press after they made the comment at a nasa conference to mark the imminent launch of the joint us-russian mission to the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- .
in the video clip of the press conference which is quickly gaining traction online , a visibly frustrated and embarrassed yelena challenges the journalist , asking why they have not asked her fellow male astronauts similar questions .
yelena was obviously unimpressed by the nature of questions directed at her during the press conference .
yelena was swift to chastise the offending member of the press after they made the comment .
the type of questions asked of yelena were very different to those asked of her male co-astronauts barry wilmore -lrb- left -rrb- and alexander samokutyaev -lrb- centre -rrb- .
the 38-year-old , who studied at moscow aviation institute , will serve as a flight engineer aboard the international space station as well as biophysics and medical experiments about the effect of being in orbit .
she is only the fourth russian woman ever to be launched into space , and the first ever on the iss .
given the serious nature of her mission , and the extensive training serova has undergone , it is not surprising that she became frustrated when asked inane and totally unrelated questions simply based on her gender .
` you are the first woman cosmonaut in 17 years , so what are you expecting from that flight ?
are you going to take make-up with you ?
clearly irritated by the question , yelena first simply chooses to ignore it , instead correcting the journalist on their facts .
` answering the second part of your question about women cosmonauts i would like to make a correction .
i will be the first russian woman cosmonaut on the iss .
' however when asked another question , yelena answers back directly .
yelena , 38 , -lrb- centre -rrb- who studied at moscow aviation institute , will serve as a flight engineer aboard the international space station .
the highly qualified cosmonaut was visibly annoyed to be asked questions about her