the feud between the real-life barbie and ken has continued as justin jedlica publicly mocked his female cosmetically enhanced counterpart , valeria lukyanova , in these exclusive new photos .
after blasting the real-life barbie for being ' a total fake ' , jedlica transformed himself into a valeria look-alike , comparing the ukrainian beauty 's signature look to that of a drag queen .
the 32-year-old from new york said he mocked his doll rival to set the record straight that the real-life barbie was anything but real .
scroll down for video .
war paint : ken doll look-alike justin jedlica has dressed as his real-life barbie rival .
rift : the real-life ken and barbie met earlier this year but failed to hit it off .
rivals : valeria lukyanova as barbie , left , and jedlica 's version of the plastic doll , right .
` valeria presents herself as a real-life barbie doll , but she is nothing more than an illusion who dresses like a drag queen , ' he said .
` unlike me , who has spent nearly $ 150,000 permanently transforming myself into a human ken doll , valeria just plays dress up .
' he added : ` but as soon as you wipe away all that makeup she 's just a plain jane and there 's absolutely nothing special about her .
' mr jedlica , who has had 100 plastic surgeries , said : ` valeria has been my arch nemesis ever since we met each other earlier this year , and by dressing up like her twin i wanted to prove that anyone can look like barbie , even ken !
' illusion : jedlica says his rival is just playing at dress up .
drag queen barbie : real-life ken has spent $ 150,000 to achieve his look .
meeting : the pair , who have devoted their lives to looking like ken and barbie , met in february .
enhanced : jedlica first went under the surgeon 's knife when he was 18 .
` and in all honesty , i think i make an even prettier barbie than she does !
' since first going under the surgeon 's knife when he was 18 , mr jedlica has had five rhinoplasties , a cranial brow bone shape and augmentations to his cheeks , lips