american hustle director david o. russell was called a ` loon ' for ` feeling up ' his transgender niece 's breasts , in new emails leaked by sony hackers .
russell , according to the message , ` got in trouble ' for the act , which a gossipy executive discussed alongside an anecdote of him bringing actress and director sally field to a party and making her cry .
beleaguered co-chairman amy pascal was sent the message by columbia pictures executive michael de luca discussing the incident involving 19-year-old nicole peloquin , according to the new york post 's page six .
` got in trouble ' : the emails dealt with american hustle director david o. russell .
` felt up ' : russell 's niece nicole peloquin was on the wrong end of the director 's wandering hands .
it said : ` david 's a loon , talented , but geez once i saw him bring sally field to a party and reduce her to tears .
plus remember when he got in trouble for feeling up his transgender nieces -lsb- sic -rsb- boobs ?
' the incident , which went public in 2012 , did not result in criminal charges after florida sheriffs investigated .
nicole peloquin , who was born a boy , filed a police report after russell groped both of her breasts while the two were working out at a hotel gym in broward county on december 30 , 2011 , tmz reports .
peloquin , who was just 19 at the time and is not blood-related to russell , said the encounter made her feel uncomfortable .
russell - who has always denied wrongdoing - claimed that the incident was consensual and happened after peloquin , who was undergoing the transition from male to female at the time , complained that her breasts were different sizes .
he also blamed her for calling police : ` russell stated she is always causing drama since the transgender transformation and has become very provocative and seductive , ' according to a police report .
however , a family friend told tmz that peloquin called the cops because she felt ` violated by someone who was very close to her ' and wanted him to be ` held accountable .
' the emails , extracted from sony pictures in an enormous security breach