by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
16:53 est , 14 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:11 est , 15 august 2013 .
a gym owner who was shot dead in front of his crossfit training class on monday narrowly escaped a shooting last year .
richard millsap , a 33-year-old married father-of-two , was forced to take cover as his car was sprayed with bullets on october 14 , 2012 in florida .
he told police at the time that he had no enemies and did not know who would want to shoot him .
no one was ever arrested for the attack .
` fatal shooting ' : richard millsap , owner of the florida crossfit , is believed to have been shot dead at his gym on monday .
on the loose : police released a composite sketch of a gunman who walked into a florida crossfit gym and killed richard millsap .
the fitness instructor was shot dead .
earlier this week after a masked man walked up to him in a gym filled .
with people and fired his gun .
millsap was dead before paramedics arrived at the scene , lying face-down in a pool of blood , according to an incident report released on wednesday .
the .
killer , identified as a black male , and an accomplice are still on the .
loose , following the fatal shooting at the crossfit mosaic gym in winter .
garden , florida on monday .
the police department released a sketch of the suspect showing him wearing dark glasses and a baseball cap .
evidence included a copper bullet casing on the floor .
witnesses said that the suspect walked into the gym with his hands in his pocket and straight up to mr millsap .
love : richard millsap pictured with a woman believed to be his wife karen who is also a keen participant in crossfit .
disbelief : the crossfit gym in winter garden , florida was full of people enjoying a workout on monday night when a masked gunman entered and targeted the instructor .
lt. scott allen , spokesman for the winter garden police department , told mailonline that the victim was a black male in his thirties .
lt allen was unable to provide details of where the victim had been shot due