by .
lucy laing .
last updated at 1:03 pm on 6th november 2011 .
this is the mother and baby who have both survived the killer brain bug meningitis .
television actress holly matthews , who has appeared in television dramas casualty , waterloo road and byker grove , was stunned when her baby daughter brooke was diagnosed with the deadly disease just eight weeks ago .
it was like history repeating itself as miss matthews had already beaten the disease herself at the age of seven .
survivors : actress holly matthews was stunned when her baby daughter brooke was diagnosed with meningitis just eight weeks ago - especially after she herself had already beaten the disease herself at the age of seven .
she could only watch hopelessly as her tiny daughter fought for life , just as she had done years earlier .
but against all the odds , brooke has survived and has now returned home with miss matthews .
miss matthews , who lives with her partner ross blair , 26 , who runs his own online security company , said : ` we are both survivors .
i ca n't believe that we have both survived meningitis like this .
` when she was diagnosed it was like history was repeating itself all over again .
i could only pray that she would pull through like i did .
` it was terrible watching her fight for life and not being able to do anything to help her .
i just had to hope that she would be as strong as i was .
' miss matthews was just seven years old when she started feeling unwell .
she complained to her mother clare , 51 , that her head hurt and the light hurt her eyes .
she was taken to the royal victoria infirmary in newcastle where doctors diagnosed her with meningitis .
miss matthews , who lives in coventry , said : ` mum was really worried about me as the doctors said that meningitis can cause brain damage , deafness and blindness .
` luckily they managed to catch it in time and after two weeks in hospital i had recovered enough for be allowed home .
` tests showed that i luckily had n't suffered any lasting damage and after another two months i had made a full