frantic emergency calls made by students , panicked parents and teachers caught up in the marysville-pilchuck high school massacre have been released for the first time .
five teenagers , including the perpetrator , were killed at the washington state school on october 24 when popular freshman student jaylen fryberg opened fire at a group of friends .
the chilling audio clips include conversations between police officers and those who witnessed the mass shooting - including teacher megan silberberger , who several survivors have described as a hero for trying to intervene and stop the 15-year-old 's gun rampage .
in her panic-stricken call , silberberger frantically tells the police operator : ` i 'm in the cafeteria i have the shooter , one shooter ... blood is everywhere .
i do not see the gun .
i have him down .
' scroll down to listen to the chilling 911 tapes .
emergency : a sheriff 's vehicle sits parked in the driveway of marysville pilchuck high school on the day of the shooting .
frantic calls made by students , panicked parents and teachers have now been released .
killer : five teenagers , including the perpetrator , were killed at the washington state school on october 24 when popular freshman student jaylen fryberg -lrb- pictured -rrb- opened fire at a group of friends .
lured : jaylen fryberg texted his five closest friends saying to meet him in the cafeteria where he shot them .
during her frantic exchange with the dispatcher , silberberger tries to describe the chaotic situation while students are heard screaming in the background .
' i am looking at him ... i need help .
i need help now .
shooter , right here , ' she says .
` he 's wearing all black .
i 'm staring at him right now , sitting next to him .
i need staff now .
shooter right here .
black pants , black shoes .
black pants , black shoes , black jacket , ' she added .
` he is a high school student ... i do not know who he is .
i tried to stop him before he shot himself .
he shot himself .
he shot -- many are down .
i do not know how many are down , ' silberberger went on .
four teenagers died from