by .
james chapman .
out : michael gove paid the price for his ` toxic ' public image which was blamed for turning voters against his school reforms .
michael gove was demoted yesterday as david cameron 's election guru lynton crosby engineered a ruthless elevation of women and eurosceptics .
the education secretary , a hero for the tory right , paid the price for his ` toxic ' public image which was blamed for turning voters against his school reforms .
to the alarm of education reformers , he was shifted to become chief whip -- a position hailed as ` one of the most important jobs ' in government by david cameron , but one which will mean a substantial pay cut and an end to his full cabinet status .
mr gove 's former aide , dominic cummings , accused the prime minister of ` surrender ' .
the populist hand of mr crosby , the tories ' australian chief election strategist , was detected across yesterday 's reshuffle .
designed to turn the tory top team into an ` election-winning machine ' , it was by far the most extensive shake-up mr cameron has carried out in his nine years as party leader .
a succession of telegenic women -- including two working mothers , elizabeth truss and nicky morgan -- won big promotions .
at 38 , miss truss , tipped as a potential future party leader , became the youngest woman cabinet minister ever , while mrs morgan will replace mr gove as education secretary .
philip hammond , appointed as foreign secretary after william hague stood down to become leader of the commons , was hailed as the most eurosceptic holder of the post since the second world war .
opponents of tory plans to reform european human rights laws , including attorney general dominic grieve , were swept away .
in all , 11 male ministers , most of them middle-aged , jumped before they were pushed or were sacked by mr cameron .
his most difficult exchange is understood to have been with outgoing environment secretary owen paterson , whose dismissal infuriated some on the right of the party .
the biggest shock was the move out of education for mr gove , one of the prime minister 's oldest friends and allies .
just weeks ago , mr