world cup winner lucio is tipping the chelsea factor to help brazil lift the trophy again on home soil this summer .
lucio , part of the last brazil side to be world champions in 2002 , thinks felipe scolari has pulled off a masterstroke by including four of jose mourinho 's players last season in his squad -- ramires , david luiz , oscar and willian .
the big defender says it is a big advantage because the weekly intensity of the premier league will help them cope with the pressure of being tournament favourites .
star man : lucio is tipping chelsea 's oscar to shine for brazil at the world cup .
` of course , the four of them are in the squad because of their quality as individuals .
but i also believe the fact that they play together helps because they understand each other , ' said lucio , who now plays his club football in brazil for palmeiras .
` the premier league is one of the hardest in the world with plenty of great teams like manchester united , manchester city , liverpool , chelsea and arsenal .
` it makes the games really hard and gives great credibility to those players , a great experience .
i think being used to playing at that level is very important for a world cup .
` chelsea is a great team and for me oscar is the player who can make the difference in a match .
he 's a very offensive player ; fast , creative , skilful .
he can make a difference for brazil .
' midfield maestro : ramires -lrb- left -rrb- sidesteps neymar during brazil training last week .
head boy : david luiz beats jo in the air as brazil prepare for thursday 's game with croatia .
steady on lads !
willian and david luiz have n't held back in training during the past few weeks .
ironically , chelsea have only two players in the england squad compared to their quartet of brazilians -- frank lampard and gary cahill .
luiz is officially a chelsea player until the end of the month when the transfer window re-opens and he joins paris st germain .
lucio 's world cup-winning side included star names like ronaldo , ronaldinho , rivaldo and roberto carlos .
he played for