college co-eds sick of ramen noodles descended on the yotel in manhattan friday night to find their definition of prince charming - an older man with cash to burn .
` the sugar affair ' masquerade ball was organized by website seeking arrangement , which matches rich older men with much-younger women for ` mutually beneficial relationships ' .
seeking arrangement ceo brandon wade was at the event friday and told the new york post that it was organized right around graduation time , since a lot of the female attendants would now face repaying their student loans .
a certain kind of romance : dating website seeking arrangement held a masquerade ball for sugar daddies to meet younger women in manhattan last friday .
above , a picture from the event posted to the site 's facebook page .
` job fair ' : seeking arrangement ceo brandon wade -lrb- right -rrb- compare the event to a job fair since sugar daddies provide for their so-called ` sugar babies ' .
pictured above at an event in 2010 .
` this is almost like a job fair , because a sugar daddy is a mentor , provider and gentleman , ' wade said .
` why not date someone who can help you ?
' wade added that most so-called ` sugar babies ' get $ 3,000 a month from their sugar daddy , allowing them to live a luxury lifestyle .
one sugar baby from nashville traveled to the ball with her 59-year-old sugar daddy who is battling terminal cancer .
she says he pays $ 4,000 a month for her and her sister 's living expenses .
a 22-year-old pace university student says she gets paid $ 400 to $ 800 every time she sees one 40-something man and that she 's only ever kissed him .
a junior at nyu hooked up with a widower from chicago at the event .
fete : friday night 's masquerade ball took place at the yotel in midtown manhattan .
' i have a fancier lifestyle , ' the undergrad said .
` i 'm not going to downgrade to some nyu boy who buys dollar beers .
' into the night , the sugar daddies began openly fondling the women , the post reported .
since seeking arrangement was started in 2006 , it has grown to a