a 17st 12lbs dad who was so shocked by a photo of him and his son that he embarked on a weight-loss journey to set a healthier example to his children has won a national slimming award .
david eyres , from oldham , did n't recognise the man he saw in the picture , which was taken on christmas eve 2013 , and he became determined to lose weight .
the self-employed landscape gardener had been overweight for years and things got worse when he turned to food for comfort after the death of his father in 2009 .
david was horrified after realising he could barely recognise himself in this christmas snap with his son ben -lrb- left -rrb- , he recreated it a year later having lost weight .
david , who has been crowned ` mr sleek ' by slimming world , now proudly holds up his old pyjama bottoms having lost an impressive four stone .
the dad-of-three joined his local slimming world group with his wife kelly , 35 , in january 2014 .
now just more than one year on he 's four-and-a-half stone lighter and been named slimming world 's mr sleek 2015 .
the 34-year-old is the slimming club 's first ever winner of the competition , which recognises the male slimmer who has undergone the greatest transformation inside and out .
he said : ` i 've been overweight for more than a decade , so it 's amazing to me to think that anyone would describe me as `` sleek '' .
` my youngest son max , who 's four , loves telling everyone that his daddy does n't have a big belly anymore though - my kids are my biggest supporters .
' david said his eating habits became such a problem that he would often eat in secret while he was at work .
he tried lots of diets without success before kelly suggested they join slimming world together .
david lost weight due to a combination of exercise and making healthy meal choices .
david 's wife kelly , left , also joined slimming world and lost and impressive five stone herself .
david said : ' i would get out of breath easily , even just climbing the stairs in our house , so i did n't really play games or sports with the