yesterday , he revealed that he needed to put christmas bells in prince george 's pocket in a bid to keep up with him .
today , the duke of cambridge was back on the hunt for parenting tips as he made a series of investitures at buckingham palace , actor daniel day-lewis among them .
mr day-lewis , 57 , was knighted by prince william during the ceremony in recognition of the triple oscar winner 's services to acting .
arise sir daniel !
the duke of cambridge knights actor daniel day-lewis , 57 , at buckingham palace .
congratulations : a cheerful prince william chats to mr - now sir - day-lewis after the knighting .
during his 30-year career , the anglo-irish actor has starred in 25 films , as well as scores of tv shows and has won plaudits for his method acting .
his stellar career was not , however , enough to prepare him for news of his knighthood , with mr - now sir - day-lewis receiving it with the words : ` i 'm entirely amazed and utterly delighted in equal measure .
' famously choosy about the roles he takes , sir day-lewis has starred in just five films since 1998 , most notably 2012 's lincoln - a biopic of american president abraham lincoln - for which he scooped his third oscar , as well as a bafta , his fourth .
others to be recognised for their hard work were christine and harry burditt from sheffield , who , over 30 years , have fostered 40 children .
winner : sir day-lewis has won three oscars , most recently for his portrayal of abraham lincoln .
early years : sir day-lewis ' career began in the early 80s and includes 1989 's my left foot .
proud : linda garbett is made a cbe while harriet devlin , also from shrewsbury , gets an mbe .
pleased : kathleen mainland , from edinburgh , was made a cbe by the duke of cambridge .
it was to them that the duke addressed his queries as he presented both with mbes as a reward for their dedication .
as well as continuing to care for vulnerable youngsters needing a short-term home , the couple , both 72 , also have six children , 10 grandchildren and six great-grandchildren .
after