around one and a half billion people across the globe are bald or have some form of hair loss .
now a company in california has come up with what it claims to be the solution - a helmet that fires cool lasers at the wearers scalp to stimulate hair growth .
the theradome headgear is said to be the only wearable , clinical-strength laser treatment that people can use at home , but it will set buyers back almost $ 800 -lrb- # 475 -rrb- .
scroll down for video .
a californian company has invented a helmet that fires cool lasers at your scalp to stimulate hair growth .
the theradome laser helmet -lrb- pictured -rrb- claims to be the only wearable clinical-strength laser treatment that people can use at home .
the theradome claims to reverse the shrinking of follicles using lasers with regular use , up to between 18 and 26 weeks .
the company promises that such dedication results in cleaner , thicker and more manageable hair that is less oily .
hair shafts are larger and there is less fallout in the shower and on pillows .
between 28 and 52 weeks of use for 20 minutes twice a week , it regrows hair by increasing blood flow to the scalp and hair follicles as well as boosting cell metabolism and reducing the effects of protein blocking enzymes .
in this time , the scalp will be healthier , less itchy and less inflamed , the company said .
after 100 weeks of treatment , hair will be fuller and thicker .
it claims to grow healthy new hair , double the follicle size of existing hair and can even prevent hair loss .
` getting your hair back is a convenient and affordable process , ' the company said .
laser light therapy has been proven to improve hair health , but cold laser therapy has only been available at specialist clinics .
theradome lets people use this advanced technology at home , and contains high efficiency lasers that produce virtually no heat but allow the maximum amount of light to be delivered , the company claim .
however , the technology comes at a price as the helmet costs $ 795 -lrb- # 473 plus shipping -rrb- .
it contains 80 lasers , so that light can reach 90 square inches -lrb-