by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
03:01 est , 14 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
19:06 est , 14 january 2014 .
the pilots of a southwest airlines flight that mistakenly landed at the wrong missouri airport were grounded monday , less than a day after they touched down at a small airfield that gave them only half as much room as normal to stop the jet .
southwest declined to name the veteran pilots of flight 4013 , which was traveling sunday evening from chicago 's midway airport to branson airport but instead landed at tiny taney county airport seven miles away .
no one was hurt , but after the 124 passengers were let off the plane , they noticed the airliner had come dangerously close to the end of the runway , where it could have tumbled down a steep embankment if it had left the pavement .
investigation : a crew inspects southwest airlines flight 4013 at tiny m. graham clark airport in hollister , missouri on monday , where pilots accidentally landed while en route to branson sunday evening .
uncommon around these parts : a small crowd gathers at the m. graham clark airport in hollister , missouri monday to see southwest airlines jet that landed there by mistake .
the pilots who mistakenly landed the jet there sunday were grounded monday pending an investigation .
whoops : pictured is the flight path of southwest airlines flight 4013 on sunday .
the flight , carrying 124 passengers and five crew members , was scheduled to go from chicago 's midway international airport to branson airport but somehow veered 9 miles off course .
grounded : this sunday photo provided by passenger scott schieffer shows the cockpit and presumably the pilots who 've now been grounded after the bizarre incident .
` as soon as we touched down , the pilot .
applied the brake very hard and very forcibly , ' said scott schieffer , a .
dallas attorney .
' i was wearing a seatbelt , but i was lurched forward .
because of the heavy pressure of the brake .
you could smell burnt .
rubber , a very distinct smell of burnt rubber as we were stopping .
' scheiffer tweeted that the pilot informed passengers that they were at a smaller airport .
after