terrifying footage has surfaced of the moment a lightning bolt strikes a tree , spliting it in half and sending it plummeting on to a busy road just centimetres from the bonnet of a car .
the dash-cam footage from ryde in sydney 's north , shows panicking passengers gasp as a burst of sparks shoot off the tree , while a thundering boom fills the air .
the video is from this week 's storms which battered sydney for seven consecutive afternoons , bringing grey but dramatic skies , spectacular lighting and the ear-splitting thunder .
the moment a bolt of lightning strikes a tree on a freeway , sending a burst of sparks off the tree and a thundering boom in the air .
another driver that narrowly avoided the tree steps out in the torrential rain , flagging down a passing ambulance .
the vehicle closest to where tree has collapsed stops in the middle of the road , seemingly in shock about the near miss .
another driver that narrowly avoided the tree steps out in the torrential rain , inspects her car and speaking on her phone .
the driver later flags down an ambulance which passes on the opposite side of the road .
it is unknown if anyone was injured during the clip .
the video , uploaded last thursday and filmed in ryde , northern sydney , comes during a spectacular week of storms in sydney .
every evening has seen humidity soar in the afternoon , followed by a burst of thunder and lightning before sundown .
photographer roland taylor has layered multiple images of the storm on wednesday to show , capturing the spectacular display of lightning .
a dramatic storm moves across sydney on friday .
the bureau of meteorology said this week the frequency and intensity of the recent weather is rare .
firefighters contain a blaze in pyrmont on wednesday that broke out after an building was struck by lightning .
the bureau of meteorology said this week the frequency and intensity of the recent weather is rare .
the dramatic storms have brought torrential rain , particularly in the western suburbs , where suburbs such as bankstown have nearly doubled their monthly rainfall average from 67mm to 110mm .
the state emergency service received in excess of 1000 calls for assistance last week , including flash