the brave and quick thinking efforts of the two police officers who saved a woman just seconds from drowning in her car after it plunged into a harbour have humbly insisted their heroic act wa all just part of the job .
incredible images show officers paul watts and simon russell rescuing the petrified 63-year-old woman from the car , which was rapidly sinking into waitemata harbour in auckland at 3pm on tuesday .
watts modestly described the dramatic rescue as ` pretty much part of a routine job being a police officer ' , saying the whole rescue only took about 40 seconds - and that 40 seconds later the car completely vanished beneath the water .
the courageous officers received a call from new zealand police commissioner mike bush on tuesday afternoon to commend them on their efforts .
russell told the commissioner , ` it 's just another day on the job , sir ' , stuff.co.nz reported .
scroll down for video .
the petrified woman was squashed up against the rear window as the front end of the car was rapdily submerging into the waitemata harbour in auckland , new zealand , at 3pm on tuesday .
the quick-thinking policemen , paul watts -lrb- left -rrb- and simon russell -lrb- right -rrb- arrived and sprung straight into action by jumping into the water with russell attempting to smash the driver window with a spanner before watts smashed the rear window with a rock .
officers watts -lrb- left -rrb- and russell -lrb- right -rrb- then dragged the relieved 63-year-old woman from the car to safety .
the woman is extremely lucky to be alive after her car careered off a rock wall of a car park into a new zealand harbour and immediately began sinking at a frightening speed .
the terrified woman , who is yet to be identified , was squashed up against the rear window as the front end of the bmw was rapidly nosediving into the harbour .
the officers and a bystander could n't open the car doors so russell attempted to break the driver window with a spanner that he found on the ocean floor when he cut his left hand .
` when we entered the water , i was talking to one of the -lrb- members of the public -rrb- who was trying to balance the vehicle