by .
ray massey .
published : .
20:58 est , 5 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
02:45 est , 6 february 2013 .
immigrants are to be banned from taking driving tests in 19 foreign languages in a bid to stop cheating and boost road safety , it was announced tuesday .
as well as beating fraud and keeping unsafe drivers off uk roads , the move to end foreign translations and translators will increase ` social cohesion and integration ' in britain and cut costs , the government said .
those learning to drive can currently take their theory and practical driving tests in any of 21 languages .
consultation : plans to outlaw the test being carried out in ` non-national languages ' have been set out in a major consultation by the government 's driving standards agency .
nearly 145,000 tests are taken every year in languages other than english and welsh -- from albanian to urdu - at a rate of around 2,700 a week .
of these , 108,374 were for the theory test and 35,000 for the practical test .
the evidence also suggests that many were re-takes .
plans to outlaw the test being carried out in ` non-national languages ' are set out in a major consultation by the government 's driving standards agency .
official figures show that since 2009 some 861 people had their theory test passes revoked after being coached on what to do during their theory and practical tests by ` back-seat ' translators .
nine dsa-approved interpreters were also struck off for their part in such frauds .
ministers are also concerned about handing licences to people who are unable to read road signs .
currently people whose first language is not english or welsh can request pre-recorded voice-overs for the computer-based car and motorcycle theory tests in 19 foreign languages .
variety : nearly 145,000 tests are taken every year in languages other than english and welsh - from albanian to urdu - at a rate of around 2,700 a week .
the 19 languages covered by interpreters are : albanian , arabic , bengali , cantonese , dari , farsi , gujarati , hindi , kashmiri , kurdish , mirpuri , polish , portuguese , punjabi , pushto , spanish , tamil , turkish , urdu .
candidates can also use