by .
martin robinson .
published : .
10:10 est , 20 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
13:29 est , 20 december 2012 .
a wife-from-hell was slapped with a long asbo after she kept her neighbours awake for three years because she was constantly nagging her husband .
julie griffiths , 43 , breached a noise abatement order a staggering 47 times in three months this year and was warned she could face jail if she does not calm down , a court heard .
it came after residents living near her # 75,000 mid-terraced home in newcastle-under-lyme , staffordshire , were put through hell as she constantly ` screamed ' at her ` sweet-natured ' husband norman , 63 .
asbo : noisy julie griffiths outside her home where she shouted at her husband so much it kept the neighbours up for three years .
mrs griffiths was first served the notice in 1999 but she was fined # 500 when she breached it again in 2010 .
stoke-on-trent magistrates court heard her behaviour persisted over the next two years and environmental health officers installed monitoring equipment in a neighbour 's home this july .
yesterday griffiths pleaded guilty to failing to comply with the requirements of a noise abatement notice .
staffordshire magistrates court imposed a five-year asbo which prohibits her from engaging in behaviour which causes or is likely to cause a nuisance , disturbance , harassment or alarm to her neighbours .
she was warned she could go to jail for five years if she breaches the antisocial order , fined # 500 and told to pay # 250 costs and a # 15 victim surcharge .
lisa hall , prosecuting for the borough council , said it was ` by far the worst ' noise case an environmental health officer had ever had to deal with .
she added that the noise abatement notice was breached 47 times between july 4 and october 22 this year .
steve lee , defending , said griffiths , a factory worker , became over-tired after working 12-hour shifts on four consecutive days and sometimes had to ` let off steam ' to her husband of 23 years .
hellish : residents of this street in stoke have spoken of just how noisy mrs griffiths is and how patient her husband norman must be .