by .
craig hope for the daily mail .
he has already been billed as the new raheem sterling -- and it 's easy to see why .
like england 's star player , rolando aarons was born in kingston , the capital of jamaica , but has chosen to represent the three lions .
the newcastle winger will make his debut for aidy boothroyd 's under-20 side against romania in telford .
new star : rolando aarons has already made an impression for newcastle and could soon make his full debut .
but comparisons with sterling extend beyond the 18-year-old 's birth certificate .
both moved to the uk at a young age before being picked up by football league clubs -- aarons with bristol city and sterling at queens park rangers -- only for their talent to be recognised by newcastle and liverpool respectively .
aarons , like sterling , is blessed with blistering pace and no shortage of skill .
he announced his arrival on the premier league stage with a goal -- a rare header -- and an assist following his second-half introduction against crystal palace last weekend , only wilfried zaha 's injury-time strike denying him a match-winning cameo .
leading light : remy cabella clings onto aarons who scores his first newcastle goal against crystal palace .
already there is pressure on alan pardew to hand the teenager his first league start when domestic action resumes next weekend , but aarons is a level-headed type guarded against getting carried away with his recent rise .
` it 's been crazy , ' he said , ` i 've gone from under-21s football -lrb- at newcastle -rrb- to the first team and to under-20s with england in no time .
` but it 's not hard -lrb- to keep my feet on the ground -rrb- , because it 's not my personality to get carried away with anything .
ambition : aarons has been compared to england international raheem sterling after bright displays .
` i like to take things in my stride and i 'm quite humble .
` i 'm still in the reserve-team dressing room and that 's fine .
my friends are in there and that 's cool .
' the jamaican fa tried to persuade aarons to opt for the country of his birth during the summer , and he