ruby walsh has hit back at the individuals who sent him death threats during the cheltenham festival and rasied concerns for his children .
walsh , who broke his arm after a heavy fall in the opening race of the final day , created controversy when he said that animals are replaceable after our conor suffered a fatal fall on tuesday .
the 34-year-old insisted that his comments had been misunderstood but nonetheless stood by his comments .
star jockey ruby walsh -lrb- above -rrb- has received death threats after he played down the death of a horse during a race .
above , walsh on faugheen celebrates victory in the neptune investment management novices ' hurdle during ladies day at cheltenham on wednesday .
` it 's spineless people that tweet , i 'm 35 so i can ignore it , ' he told the irish independent .
` but .
i would worry for my kids that people could tweet them .
bullying on .
twitter is a serious problem .
there is no place for bullies .
' i .
do n't apologise for what i said and stand over it , ' he insisted .
` horses are animals and you keep them out your back door , you do n't keep .
your family out your back door .
you can replace a horse .
you ca n't .
replace a human being .
that 's my feeling on it .
` there 's .
a big difference between you going home tonight and something 's .
happened to your dog , and you go home tonight and something 's happened .
to one of your kids .
there 's a huge difference .
' following his initial comments animal rights campaigners accused the 34-year-old irishman of being callous , while others bombarded him with threats .
one tweeted : ` ruby walsh i hope you get your skull crushed by one of the horses you 're so heartlessly flippant about .
animals should not die for sport .
' another added : ` shame more jockeys are n't killed instead of beautiful horses !!!!!! all jockeys are complete c ** ts !! no horse is replaceable !
' ruby walsh created controversy when he said that animals are replaceable after our conor suffered a fatal fall at cheltenham on the first day of racing