by .
richard spillett .
the heartbroken family of a toddler found dead at his home have paid tribute to the ` happy-go-lucky ' boy with a ` cheeky smile ' .
liam fee was discovered after emergency services were called to a flat he shared with his mother and her partner in thornton , fife on saturday evening .
as pictures of the tragic two-year-old were released today , police said they are continuing their investigation into his death , which is being treated as unexplained .
liam fee , who was found dead at his home in fife on saturday , was described by relatives as ` happy-go-lucky ' grieving relatives of the two-year-old told of their ` devastation ' at their loss .
in a statement released through police , his family said : ` liam was a happy-go-lucky little boy , with blonde hair , big blue eyes and a cheeky smile .
` he was very much loved by his family and will be deeply missed .
liam had his whole life ahead of him and we are devastated at our loss .
` we would like to thank our friends for their continued support and for all the teddies and flowers left as a tribute to liam outside the family home , which has provided us with some comfort .
` we request privacy and time to grieve at this very sad and difficult time .
' liam lived with his mother rachael fee , her partner nyomi fee and his seven-year-old twin brothers , jj and matthew , in the three-bedroom flat .
relatives said liam had his ` whole life ahead of him ' .
police are treating his death as unexplained .
police at the house in thornton , fife , where liam was found dead on saturday evening .
police were called after a neighbour heard a woman 's screams coming from the flat .
officers say they are not looking for anyone else in connection with the death .
a local resident , who did not want to be named , said : ` i heard a woman 's crying coming from the flat .
she sounded hysterical .
then the police arrived .
' friend gillian mccusker , 35 , said the family seemed happy on the afternoon before the incident .
she added : ` he seemed