by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
21:14 est , 24 april 2012 .
| .
updated : .
22:56 est , 24 april 2012 .
a marine already in custody in the theft of an assault weapon was booked tuesday on suspicion of murder in the death of another marine 's wife , authorities said .
the latest allegation against louis ray perez came a week after the body of 22-year-old brittany killgore was found in brush near a southern california lake .
sheriff 's investigators identified the 45-year-old perez as a person of interest shortly after the body was discovered .
the san diego county district attorney 's office said the case was under review .
scroll down for videos .
alternative lifestyle : louis perez , a persona of interest in the murder of brittany killgore , posted several photographs like these on a kinky sex website .
master and slave : perez 's girlfriend , seen here with her face blurred , said she had ` two slave girls ' another suspect , jessica lynn lopez , 25 , pleaded not guilty to murder last week in killgore 's death .
she is being held on $ 3 million bail .
authorities have not said whether lopez and perez knew each other or whether they knew the victim .
jeff reichert , perez 's attorney , did not immediately respond to a message seeking comment .
perez has been in the military for 16 years , has no criminal history , is married and has lived in the san diego area for about 10 years , reichert said in court last week .
he is being held on $ 500,000 bail in vista , north of san diego .
only hours earlier , a ` person of interest ' in the murder of marine 's wife brittany kilgore left a series of bizarre postings on a depraved bdsm sex website .
perez , 47 , who is also a marine , used to live in fallbrook , california , with his girlfriend and made posts on the website bmehookups.com about wanting to find another ` sex slave ' to join his home .
jessica lynn lopez , who has been charged with murder in mrs killgore 's death , currently lives with perez 's girlfriend .
the families of both mrs killgore , 22