next time you are confronted with a complex problem , do n't worry - the answer could lie at the bottom of your garden .
leaving your laptop at home , switching off the smartphone and taking a walk in nature can help boost brain power by as much as 50 per cent , a study has revealed .
researchers found that adults performed much better in a creative test after spending four days in the great outdoors disconnected from modern technology .
the great outdoors : researchers found that adults performed much better in a creative test after spending four days in the great outdoors disconnected from modern technology .
they say it is the first time that scientists have proven being in a park or woodland can improve your problem-solving skills .
and it may also explain why a holiday helps recharge the batteries after busy periods of work .
` the study shows that you need to leave the iphones and other technology at home and give your brain a break , ' said co-author david strayer , a professor of psychology at the university of utah .
` too much of a good thing is not a good thing and so for creativity to flourish you need to disconnect from technology and reconnect with the natural world .
' adults in britain spend an average if three-and-a-half hours in front of the small screen each day - around 15 per cent of their life .
the population 's increasingly sedentary lifestyle and vast use of tablet computers , televisions , smartphones , laptops and games consoles , has been linked to obesity problems and an increased risk of cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes .
for the novel study , published in the journal plos one , 54 american adults with an average age of 28 participated in a four to six day hike .
no electronic devices were allowed .
brain a break : co-author david strayer says that for creativity to flourish , one must disconnect from technology .
before the trip commenced , 24 individuals were tested and scored an average 4.14 in a 10-question creativity test .
the remaining 32 were tested at the end of the walk and answered an average of 6.08 questions correctly - an improvement of 50 per cent .
researchers said the results indicate that time spent