by .
sarah griffiths .
published : .
07:31 est , 7 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
08:14 est , 7 february 2014 .
when one geologist stumbled across a massive mound 65 years ago , he had no idea his discovery would spark one of the world 's strangest scientific mysteries .
the site in irkutsk , siberia was discovered in 1949 and is a huge convex cone with a funnel-shaped recess and a rounded hill in the middle , which looks a little like an eagle 's nest with an egg nestled inside it .
the origin of the patomskiy crater has baffled scientists for decades and theories for its existence have ranged from a nuclear blast to a secret gulag mine and even a meteorite strike .
the site in irkutsk , siberia was discovered in 1949 and is a huge convex cone with a funnel-shaped recess and a rounded hill in the middle , which looks a little like an eagle 's nest with an egg nestled inside it .
the mysterious crater - also known as the ` eagle 's nest ' - was discovered 65 years ago in irkutsk , siberia , by a russian geologist .
the cone is 80 metres tall from the lowest point of its base and measures 150 metres wide .
it is thought to be just 250 years old , although estimates differ widely .
scientists previously suggested it was a slagheap , but now think there were not enough people living in the area to create it .
some people believe it was made by aliens .
scientists threw out the idea that the mound was made as the result of a uranium ore explosion as the site has low background radiation .
they have floated the idea that it could have been made by a volcano , but none have been found nearby .
an impact made by a meteorite is the favourite theory but no evidence of fragments has been found .
it is thought there is something with a high iron content over 100metres below the crater , which could be a meteorite .
the crater is ` alive ' and changes shape - by rising and falling - constantly .
trees nearby the site are reported to grow abnormally fast .
the current thinking is that the site was indeed