by .
ashley collman .
and zoe szathmary .
the former ukrainian tv presenter charged with attacking brad pitt at a movie premiere last month wore a shirt with the actor 's picture on it as he serves his community service sentence .
prankster vitalii sediuk was pictured on wednesday wearing a pitt-centric tank top underneath his orange vest while cleaning up griffith park in los angeles .
sediuk was sentenced to 20 days of community service after allegedly punching pitt as he walked the red carpet for the maleficent movie premiere on may 28 .
work wear : vitalii sediuk wore a picture with brad pitt 's face on it as .
he serves community service for attacking the actor on the red carpet .
last month .
sediuk is currently serving a 20 day community service sentence for the may 28 attack .
and this was n't the only time he was making a spectacle at work .
the hollywood reporter released footage of sediuk goofing off on the job , jamming with a group of musicians in the park .
the videos shows sediuk shaking maracas and dancing along with the musicians and then playing the conga drums .
the website has also .
published a photo of sediuk on a carousel .
community service : vitalii sediuk was caught on camera jamming with musicians in a los angeles park while he is supposed to be serving community service for attacking brad pitt at a movie premiere last month .
jammin ' : sediuk was seen dancing and shaking maracas -lrb- left -rrb- , before he took a stab at the conga drums -lrb- right -rrb- .
at the time of the pitt attack , sediuk was already on probation for crashing the 2013 grammys stage as adele was presented with an award by jennifer lopez and pitbull .
howev , er sediuk maintains he was only trying to hug pitt at the premiere .
' i never .
hit , i never punched , i never slapped brad pitt in the face , ' he said .
` this is absolutely false information .
' pitt has spoken publicly about the incident , calling sediuk a ` nutter .
' ' i .
was at the end of the line signing autographs , when out the corner of .
my eye i saw someone stage-diving over