manchester united are preparing to spend another # 150million next summer to complete louis van gaal 's revolution at old trafford .
the club have already splashed out # 216.4 m on additions to their squad since sir alex ferguson retired in the summer of 2013 .
and their dutch manager will be handed another war chest in the new year , with potential ` gaal-actico ' recruits including roma 's kevin strootman , atletico madrid defender diego godin , borussia dortmund 's mats hummels , barcelona 's dani alves and arjen robben of bayern munich .
video scroll down for louis van gaal : manchester united will always have to pay more .
louis van gaal has his sights on another crop of expensive signings in the january transfer window .
roma 's kevin strootman is among united 's top targets for the january transfer window .
borussia dortmund defender mats hummels is another player wanted by van gaal as he tries to strengthen .
van gaal also plans to clear the decks by selling fringe members of his squad including the likes of javier hernandez , wilfried zaha , tom cleverley , nani and nick powell , who are currently out on loan .
players out of contract in the next year of two - including darren fletcher , robin van persie , ashley young , rafael da silva , chris smalling and phil jones - could also be culled .
we take a look at united 's expensive acquisitions since ferguson retired and assess how they have performed .
marouane fellaini -lrb- everton , september 2013 , # 27.5 m -rrb- .
when david moyes arrived as ferguson 's successor in the summer of 2013 , he wanted to make a statement in the transfer market .
unfortunately , the eleventh-hour signing of marouane fellaini from his old club everton was pretty underwhelming for united fans given the top names they were linked to .
the mop-haired belgian struggled and became a convenient scapegoat for the united fans as the club slumped to a seventh-place finish in the premier league and bombed out of the cups .
fellaini has shown signs of returning to his old combative self since van gaal arrived , with his all-action performance in the draw with chelsea the most impressive so far .
marouane fellaini is finally starting to show some form