furious railway staff called in police after discovering an airline 's marketing team at one of their busiest stations - trying to lure their customers away .
managers at first great western were angered when they spotted flybe workers at exeter st david 's train hub in devon handing out coffees and promoting flights .
the low-cost airline has just launched daily services from london to exeter in direct competition to first great western rail services .
staff for the low-cost carrier turned up at 7am at the devon station to promote the airline 's new route -lrb- file -rrb- .
flybe claim their exeter to london city route is cheaper and quicker than the train , but first great western said they do n't include the time to get to the airport and check-in and said rail is a ` strong alternative ' on the service .
as part of the promotional drive for the # 60 return flights , they dispatched staff to stand outside the exeter station to advertise the deal to commuters .
angry railway workers complained they did not have permission to stage the guerilla marketing drive and were causing an obstruction .
british transport police confirmed they were called at 7am on october 23 after a complaint was made by station staff .
the incident was eventually defused without any arrests although both sides have refused to back down following the spat which was dubbed ` transport wars ' by travellers .
first great western operates the only major rail route from devon and cornwall to london with tickets costing # 93.50 for a return from exeter to london .
flybe said it was ` regrettable ' that first great western felt in necessary to contact the police as it was a ` free market ' but railway managers said the airline 's marketing team had ` inadvertently strayed onto our property ' the new flybe flights from exeter to london city airport are cheaper and quicker - taking 1hr 20 mins compared to 2hr 25 mins on the train .
the company boasts of prices as low as # 34.99 for a one-way ticket .
andrew mcconnell , flybe 's director of communications , said : ` it is regrettable that in a commercial free market , first great western felt it necessary to contact the police to try to protect themselves from