north korea 's december 12 rocket launch shows the reclusive asian country has likely developed the technology to fire a warhead that could reach the u.s. west coast from 6,200 miles away , south korean officials said on sunday .
` as a result of analyzing the material of unha-3 -lrb- north korea 's rocket -rrb- , we judged north korea had secured a range of more than 10,000 km in case the warhead is 500-600 kg , ' a south korean defense ministry official said during a news briefing .
north korea has said the rocket launch was carried out to put a satellite in space for the first time .
critics say it was aimed at creating the kind of technology needed to mount a nuclear warhead on a long-range missile .
but experts say north is still years away .
from mastering the technology needed to miniaturize a nuclear bomb to .
mount on a missile .
scroll down for video .
warning sign : north korea 's december 12 rocket launch shows the country has likely developed the technology to fire a missile that could reach the u.s. west coast .
not an immediate threat ; but experts say north is still years away from mastering the technology needed to miniaturize a nuclear bomb to mount on a missile .
banned : north korea is banned from testing missile or nuclear technology under u.n. sanctions imposed after its 2006 and 2009 nuclear weapons tests and the u.n. security council condemned the launch .
the rocket launch earlier this month caused an international frenzy .
britain , the united states , south korea and japan , among other countries , immediately condemned north korea after it fired its long-range rocket .
britain 's foreign secretary and first secretary of state william hague mp was one of several international figures to describe the move -- which defied a world ban on ballistic missile tests -- as ` provocative ' .
north korea is banned from testing missile or nuclear technology under u.n. sanctions imposed after its 2006 and 2009 nuclear weapons tests and the u.n. security council condemned the launch .
` provocative ' : foreign secretary william hague and u.s. secretary of state hillary clinton -lrb- right -rrb- have condemned north korea 's actions .
on guard : south korean army soldiers were photographed patrolling along a