the obama administration has hit out at britain for developing closer ties with china after the uk applied to join a new $ 50billion asian bank .
britain wants to become a founding member of a proposed chinese-led financial institution that analysts say could rival the world bank .
but in a rare slapdown , the us administration has criticised one of its closest allies for its ` constant accommodation ' of china .
strained : the us administration has hit out at britain for its ` constant accommodation ' of china in a rare public slapdown .
barack obama and david cameron are pictured together in washington in january .
downing street yesterday acknowledged the rift , saying : ` there will be times when we take a different approach -lrb- to the us -rrb- .
' the british treasury said on thursday that it will join talks this month on the asian infrastructure investment bank 's structure and governance arrangements .
china proposed the bank in 2013 to finance construction of roads and other infrastructure .
it has pledged to put up most of its initial $ 50billion in capital .
but the financial times has quoted a us administration source as saying britain took its decision after showing ` virtually no consultation with the us ' and as g7 was still discussing how to approach the new bank .
the source said : ` we are wary about a trend toward constant accommodation of china , which is not the best way to engage a rising power .
' the financial times reports that the comments are an apparent breach of the ` special relationship ' between britain and america .
it reports that relations between david cameron 's government and washington were already strained amid concerns over the level of britain 's defence spending .
the prime minister 's official spokesman said the deal was in britain 's ` national interest ' and sir christopher hum , a former british ambassador to china , said there were direct benefits potentially for british industry .
' the obama administration has expressed concern the new asian bank could undercut the world bank and international monetary fund .
he said the new bank , which will provide funding for infrastructure projects across asia , would enable british firms to invest in a string of massive schemes .
but dr