frostie , the two-month-old snow goat whose battle for survival won him millions of fans around the world , died on monday , only about a week after he was able to walk for the first time .
edgar 's mission , a not-for-profit sanctuary for rescued farm animals outside of melbourne , announced the news on its facebook page today .
an autopsy revealed that frostie 's spinal column was riddled with abscesses , with one so large that it was pressing on his small rumen , preventing the stomach from functioning properly and leading to bloat .
scroll down for video .
frostie the snow goat licks the nose of one of his handlers at edgar 's mission , the animal sanctuary that took him under its wing in may .
frostie died on monday after battling a hind leg infection since birth .
` in the early hours of monday morning , the little champ told me he was not well , as his rapidly expanding stomach screamed bloat , ' according to a post on the group 's website .
` as the little guy took his last gasps of breath , he looked into my tear filled eyes as i begged him to stay .
i told him i loved him and would do so forever more .
it was not until i knew his spirit had passed that i would scream , `` why ?
'' at the top of my lungs and sob inconsolably into his warm , sweet smelling white fur .
' frostie snuggles up in his bed in a picture likely taken not long before he died .
his autopsy revealed that his spinal column was covered with abscesses .
edgar 's mission , a sanctuary for rescued farm animals , nursed the near-disabled baby goat back to health until he took a turn for the worst in recent days .
frostie 's many admirers quickly began expressing their dismay at his passing on the website .
` no ... not frostie !! im a bit shocked .
. frostie was doing so well .
' wrote bronwyn russell .
fostie was covered in lice , severely dehydrated and was unable to use his back legs when he was first brought to edgar 's mission in may .
at birth , he contracted a hind leg infection through his umbilical