jane austen is quoted 1,640 times in the most recent edition of the oxford english dictionary .
shut up , dirt cheap and dog-tired would roll off the tongue of any tom , dick or harry today .
but you would n't have expected them to flow from the pen of genteel jane austen .
now the increasing influence of austen on contemporary english has been highlighted .
oxford professor charlotte brewer told the hay festival in hay-on-wye that while austen had a great influence on the first oxford english dictionary published in 1928 , she is quoted 1,640 times in the most recent edition .
entries include 321 phrases from her 1815 novel emma , which includes ` dinner-party ' and ` brace yourself ' .
she also came up with ` if i 've told you once , i 've told you 100 times ' .
this comes as it is revealed that a new tv version of her famous novel pride and prejudice is set to be aired next christmas .
welsh actor matthew rhys will take on the role of mr darcy in new bbc adaptation death comes to pemberley , a novel by crime writer pd james , which tells the story of jane austen 's mr darcy and elizabeth bennett six years after they married .
rhys , who has previously starred in brothers and sisters and the mystery of edwin drood , has already admitted he faces a huge challenge to follow firth 's 1995 portrayal of mr darcy .
mr darcy : matthew rhys , left , will be taking the role of jane austen 's heartthrob memorably played by colin firth n 1995 , right .
the 38-year-old said : ` exciting as it is , one of the challenges of a part such as darcy are the comparisons that will be drawn to those who have institutionalised him in the past .
` the beauty of pemberley is that it is an entirely new and different darcy six years on .
` and also , i do n't have to appear from a lake in a white shirt and breeches .
' anna maxwell martin , who starred in the bletchley circle , will play lizzie .
smouldering : colin firth in the famous wet shirt scene from the 1995 version .
popular role : matthew macfadyen also played mr