manchester united fans have been crowned the noisiest when following their team away from home in the premier league despite the lack of very much to shout about in the early part of the season .
louis van gaal 's side did n't win a game on their travels until november 22 at arsenal - after five away matches in the top-flight - and were fortunate to secure three points then .
but that slump did n't stop supporters backing united more vocally than any other side in the top flight .
manchester united fans have been crowned the noisiest when following their team away from home .
liverpool supporters were voted the second loudest in the premier league over the past year .
west bromwich albion fans are said to get behind their team less than any other club .
stoke - who travelled to crystal palace last saturday - are 10th in the list of the loudest .
1 .
man united ; 2 .
newcastle ; 3 .
liverpool ; 4 .
crystal palace ; 5 .
chelsea ; 6 .
man city ; 7 .
arsenal ; 8 .
west ham ; 9 .
southampton ; 10 .
stoke ; 11 .
cardiff * ; 12 .
norwich ; 13 .
swansea ; 14 .
sunderland ; 15 .
everton ; 16 .
aston villa ; 17 .
leicester ; 18 .
spurs ; 19 .
fulham * ; 20 .
hull ; 21 .
qpr ; 22 .
burnley ; 23 .
west brom .
* includes relegated sides .
they also closely followed by both newcastle united and liverpool , while arsenal are down in seventh .
in a carlsberg survey taking in last year 's three relegated sides , west bromwich albion find themselves rock bottom , with burnley and queens park rangers not too far ahead .
surprisingly everton are down in 15th , with crystal palace fourth and manchester city sixth .
fans were quizzed on the top talking points of 2014 , with england supporters voting germany as their second team .
wayne rooney 's stunning 50-yard strike away at west ham united was named the goal of the year , with the world cup winners ' 7-1 semi-final demolition of brazil the moment of 2014 .
wayne rooney celebrates after scoring against sam allardyce 's west ham united in