by .
jessica jerreat .
published : .
09:30 est , 22 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:08 est , 22 june 2013 .
from visiting the oklahoma towns devastated by tornadoes to a mother 's day tea with prince harry , the president and first lady have had another busy month .
photos of the white house engagements for may have just been released , showing barack and michelle obama as they work on campaigns close to their heart .
towards the end of may , the first lady was joined by students as she worked in her kitchen garden .
dig in : first lady michelle obama and children who helped plant her kitchen garden , return to harvest the food .
on the boardwalk : president obama joins new jersey governor chris christie and his family at point pleasant boardwalk as the attraction opens after super storm sandy .
new jersey children who had helped plant the garden in april returned to the white house to pick the fresh vegetables , which were then served as topping on a healthy pizza .
the president also spent time with the communities in new jersey who were affected by super storm sandy in november .
after months of hard work , the boardwalks , beaches and businesses ruined by the storm are ready to start welcoming summer visitors .
` you are stronger than the storm .
after .
all you 've dealt with , after all you 've been through , the jersey shore .
is back and it is open for business , ' the president said .
aerial view : from air force one the president looks over the trail of destruction caused by tornadoes in oklahoma .
words of comfort : president obama hugs amy simpson , the principal of plaza towers elementary school reduced to rubble in moore .
fist bump : as the president arrives in atlanta , georgia for the morehouse college commencement ceremony he greets children at the airport .
` if anybody wondered whether the shore could ever be all right again , you got your answer this weekend .
' the president also visited families struggling to cope after a series of devastating tornandoes hit the oklahoma town of moore , killing 24 people , including several children .
he visited the site of the plaza