by .
simon tomlinson .
published : .
11:57 est , 23 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
12:03 est , 23 december 2012 .
no sooner have predictions of one mayan apocalypse passed by without incident , another has surfaced to keep the doomsday faithful believing .
just two days after the much-anticipated end of the world failed to materialise , one historian has re-ignited the debate by claiming that armageddon could come tomorrow instead .
many apocalypse believers were left red-faced when the december 21 date they so publicly announced as the end went without a hitch .
but nikolai grube , a leading expert in .
mesoamerican advanced civilisations from the university of bonn , .
believes interpretations of the mayan calendar may actually be off by a few days .
more of this on christmas eve ?
men dressed in ` martian ' outfits pictured on december 21 in the village of bugarach , france , where some thought an alien spacecraft would emerge to save them from the mayan apocalypse that never materialised .
optimistic : guatemalans host celebrations marking the end of the mayan age at the tikal archaeological site on december 21 .
an historian believes the end could actually come on christmas eve instead .
the original calculations were based on the mayan long count calendar , which pin-pointed the end of the 13th baktun on december .
a baktun is equivalent to around 144,000 days or 394 years .
but mr grube says matching up our own present-day calendar with that of the mayans is not an exact science and a deviation of a few days to christmas eve is plausible .
he also casts further doubt on there even being a mayan prediction of an apocalypse at all .
he said several mayan texts have been deciphered which mention days well beyond this christmas .
mr grube told abc news : ` you find dates in mayan texts that are thousands or millions of years into the future .
' all over again : nikolai grube , an historian from the university of bonn , says calculations based on the mayan long count calendar -lrb- above -rrb- that predicted december 21 as the apocalypse may have been off by a few days .
cult following : crowds also gathered in times square , new york , in anticipation