a grandmother and her four-year-old granddaughter have drowned after they went to a lake to feed the ducks .
relatives suspect that laura zulema fleming , 59 , jumped into the water at silver lake , a gated community in miramar , florida , on sunday after her granddaughter leila fell in , wsvn reported .
but neither could swim and they both drowned .
family members called police around 11pm on sunday to say the duo were missing .
their bodies were recovered from the water shortly before midnight .
scroll down for video .
tragic : leila fleming , pictured left and right , drowned in a lake near her father 's and grandparents ' home on sunday evening .
her grandmother , laura fleming , also drowned after they went out to feed the ducks .
heartbroken : relatives comfort each other the day after laura and leila were found drowned in the lake .
` we saw them bringing out a person with their arms up , ' neighbor andy casteneda told wsvn .
` then two or three minutes afterwards , they bring out a baby .
' autopsies were carried out on monday and they were both found to have drowned , miramar police spokeswoman tania rues said , the sun sentinel reported .
` unfortunately , it appears they had been deceased for a period of time , ' she said .
` based on accounts from family members , neither the grandmother nor the 4-year-old knew how to swim .
' fleming had taken her granddaughter out to the water around 7pm on sunday .
` the information that we gathered from the family is that she was a very doting grandmother , was always with the grandchild and they would go out on occasion , ' rues said .
` it was not something the family thought was unusual for them to do .
' missed : leila is pictured with her father george , left , and mother ashli , right , who does not live with the family .
relatives said they think leila 's grandmother jumped into the water after the girl fell in .
scene : the duo went to the lake in the gated community early on sunday evening but never returned home .
` doting ' : mrs fleming often took her young granddaughter down