by .
harriet arkell .
yet another violent prisoner is on the run today after escaping from a notorious open jail .
simon rhodes-butler , 37 , who was jailed for seven years after he and an accomplice attacked a garage owner and stole his rolex watch , is the second inmate in a matter of weeks to abscond from ford open prison in arundel , west sussex .
police have launched a major manhunt and warned the public not to approach rhodes-butler , who has now been missing for a week .
today , detectives warned members of the public to call 999 immediately if they spot him .
on the run : convicted robber simon rhodes-butler , 37 , escaped from ford open prison in sussex a week ago .
after rhodes-butler was convicted of robbery at croydon crown court in 2011 , he was transferred to ford open prison , from where he went missing on 22 may .
the owner of the garage targetted by rhodes-butler and his accomplice , ilyas ismail , said at their trial that he feared for his life after the pair walked in and dragged him to the ground before ripping his watch off his wrist .
a police spokesman said that rhodes-butler , who is originally from tottenham , north london , has family and friends in the london area and may be there .
sussex police also appealed for the public 's help in finding violent raider kevin brown , 54 , who disappeared from ford prison last month .
he was serving a life sentence imposed at the old bailey in 2007 for conspiracy to rob and firearms offences .
the manhunt for rhodes-butler was launched a day after michael wheatley , the serial armed robber known as the skullcracker , admitted holding up the chelsea building society in sunbury-on-thames , surrey , four days after absconding from an open prison in kent .
rhodes-butler is the second prisoner to walk out of ford open prison , pictured , in recent weeks .
yesterday , wheatley was handed his 14th life sentence at guildford crown court .
pc steve reed said : ` we have been looking for rhodes-butler for a week but without success so far .
` we need to speak to anyone who might have an idea where he could be or where he has