by .
daily mail reporter .
the parents of two schoolboys who killed themselves 15 months apart have criticised the school they attended for their muted response over the suicides .
the two boys hanged themselves after their personalities changed , they began dressing in black and listening to music with ` dark ' , depressing lyrics , it has been claimed .
truman edley , 15 , hanged himself in his home , in rotherham , and just over a year later oliver king , 16 , was found dead in similar circumstances .
truman edley -lrb- left -rrb- , 15 , hanged himself in his home , in rotherham , and just over a year later oliver king -lrb- right -rrb- , 16 , was found dead in similar circumstances .
two months after that a 14-year-old attempted to hang himself but failed .
all three were students at wickersley school and sports college , in wickersley , near rotherham .
the parents of a fourth youngster , also thought to be a member of the ` friendship group ' , were alerted when he was overheard by friends talking about suicide .
police and medical experts in the town have investigated but say there is no criminal link between the three incidents and now the school has regular visits from a mental health counsellor available to speak to youngsters .
truman was found dead at his home in november 2011 and rotherham coroner fred curtis recorded a suicide verdict last year .
last week the same coroner recorded the same verdict at an inquest into oliver 's death in february last year .
oliver 's mother diane king contacted truman 's mother nicola edley on facebook when the parallels between the two deaths - less than a mile apart - became apparent .
outgoing : oliver pictured when he was on holiday on the greek island of zante in 2009 .
the parents of both boys want to remove the stigma around discussing the issue of suicide.they have also criticised wickersley school over their muted response .
oliver 's father adrian king , 44 , said : ` you might think that because you 've protected your children and kept them away from what you consider to be the dangers , they wo n't be affected by things like this .
` it 's difficult to give