two bungling armed raiders who fled an attempted robbery empty handed and were chased down the road by customers after pointing a gun at a cashier have been jailed .
luke carty , 27 , and jason dalton , 26 , were captured on cctv bursting into a petrol station in coventry during the attempted raid last august .
the hapless pair were later caught when detectives found their clothes dumped nearby which contained their dna .
scroll down for video .
jailed : luke carty -lrb- left -rrb- , who was captured on cctv pointing a gun at the cashier , was sentenced to six years and seven months behind bars , while look-out jason dalton -lrb- right -rrb- was jailed for six years and four months .
in the 30-second cctv video released by police , carty is seen pointing a gun at the cashier 's chest while demanding he hand over the takings from the till while dalton stands as a look-out by the door .
incredibly , the cashier refused to hand over the money and the pair fled the bp garage empty-handed .
the garage worker and two brave customers then chased the men for half-a-mile but lost them when they disappeared behind the nearby craven arms pub .
officers from west midlands police later discovered a hoodie and t-shirt used by carty as a makeshift mask .
threatens cashier : cctv footage shows luke carty pointing the gun at the cashier and demanding the money from the till .
acting as look-out : dalton , 26 , is seen standing nervously by the entrance to the bp garage .
dna taken from the clothing returned a match to both men and on september 12 last year they were arrested after officers spotted them acting suspiciously around parked cars .
both initially denied being involved in the armed raid with dalton , of no fixed address , claiming he 'd lost the t-shirt on a drunken night out .
but they later admitted attempted robbery and possessing an imitation firearm at coventry crown court .
on friday carty was jailed for six years seven months while dalton was handed a six year four month prison term .
detective constable stephen phillips said : ` this was an audacious armed robbery in the middle of the day .
failed attempt : carty , 27 , appears