a reel of never-before-seen bloopers from the classic 1977 film star wars has emerged on the internet and gives a fascinating insight into the making of the movie and some of the laughs enjoyed by the legendary cast .
youtube user neil bowyer posted the two minutes and 36 seconds worth of clips online on sunday and it has already amassed more than 640,000 views and has plenty of interest to anyone with even a passing interest in the sci-fi classic .
the footage includes 10 outtakes , many of which do n't include audio , including comical scenes of a protective cover falling off luke skywalker 's landspeeder to reveal hidden wheels and stormtroopers tripping over the set as they attempt to break into detention block aa-23 on the death star .
scroll down for video .
an unseen blooper reel from star wars includes a clip of grand moff tarkin -lrb- peter cushing -rrb- and princess leia -lrb- carrie fisher -rrb- sharing a laugh as cushing stumbles over his lines and jokingly threatens to go home .
luke skywalker -lrb- mark hammill -rrb- struggles with his syntax in his x-wing fighter and asks how to pronounce ` supernova ' the comical clips include footage of a protective covering falling off luke skywalker 's landspeeder to reveal wheels .
note : some scenes do not have audio .
the clips are all from episode iv : a new hope , and the various clapperboards reveal they were filmed between may 7 and june 18 , 1976 .
the movie was released in may 1977 and quickly became one of the most successful films of all time .
the clips that do have audio include one of grand moff tarkin -lrb- peter cushing -rrb- and princess leia -lrb- carrie fisher -rrb- sharing a laugh as cushing stumbles over his lines and jokingly threatens to go home .
in another clip han solo -lrb- harrison ford -rrb- forgets his lines and starts to chew on a millennium falcon prop out of frustration .
he famously told director george lucas during the filming of star wars that ` you can type this s *** , but you sure ca n't say it .
' there are also amusing clips of obi-wan ` ben ' kenobi -lrb- sir alec guinness -rrb- hamming it up with chewbacca -lrb- peter mayhew -rrb- and luke skywalker