by .
phil vinter and laura cox .
published : .
04:59 est , 16 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
09:53 est , 17 november 2012 .
prince charles burst into an impromptu dance on a walkabout yesterday -- and earned unexpected praise from the harshest judge on strictly come dancing .
craig revel horwood gave charles seven out of ten for his efforts .
charles and the duchess of cornwall , both fans of the bbc1 show , put their best feet forward on the final stop of their diamond jubilee pacific tour .
scroll down for video .
having a ball : prince charles displays a broad smile as he gives the .
crowd gathered in the centre of earthquake-hit christchurch a dancing .
masterclass alongside psychology student lisa shannon .
the royal couple were visiting .
christchurch , new zealand , when they joined a group of locals jiving to .
forties swing music on a coin-operated ` dance-o-mat ' stage .
the dancefloor is a pop-up facility , created by the charitable trust gap filler , which has coin operated lighting and sound courtesy of a washing machine that plays tunes from an mp3 player .
for almost two years the organisation has been finding creative uses for open spaces left following the earthquake that struck christchurch in september 2010 and the second deadly quake in february 2011 that claimed more than 180 lives .
camilla was the first to take to the dancefloor after she accepted an invitation from sam johnson , an undergraduate who was widely praised for organising a student volunteer army to help in the aftermath of the devastating natural disaster .
the duchess , who is a well known fan of the bbc 's celebrity ballroom dancing show strictly come dancing , held the student 's right hand with hers and they moved at a gentle pace .
rocking royalty : prince charles takes a turn on the dancefloor with lisa shannon , left , while the duchess of cornwall strutted her stuff with sam johnson , right .
royal rumba : the dancefloor is .
called dance-o-mat , created by the charitable trust gap filler , which .
has coin operated lighting and sound courtesy of a washing machine that .
plays tunes from an mp3 player .
one step beyond : prince charles had a quicker