they have some of the most provocative names around and , at first glance , may seem less than appetising when reaching for a snack or drink .
but what seems like terrible brands to us could just actually be the true meanings of words getting lost in translation .
from japan 's cream collon biscuit rolls to finland 's megapussi crips , femail reveals some of the most unfortunately named foods in the world .
japan 's cream collon is a biscuit snack shaped like small tubes and filled with cream .
cream collon biscuit roll .
biscuit snacks shaped like small tubes and filled with cream should not be labelled with such a laughable name .
the japanese product , which is manufactured by the country 's biggest confectionery company glico , is a favourite with students and children .
collon , which of course is sounds and looks like the name for the large intestine , was a deliberate choice of moniker for this particularly product .
one ca n't help but wonder what the manufacturers were thinking when they came up with this gem .
breast munchies are made from 100 % chicken breast nuggets and are enjoyed by australians .
breast munchies .
produced by australian brand inghams , the chicken nuggets , or breast munchies to give them their rightful name , are a popular oven-cooked meal in down under .
made from 100 per cent chicken breast , the munchies are a good example of the aussie sense of humour , which does n't take anything too seriously .
and we have to applaud them for that .
finland 's megapussi juusto snacks are similar in smell and taste to wotsits .
megapussi juusto snacks .
they look like wotsits , they may smell like wotsits and according to their fans , they even taste like wotsits but they 're definitely not known as wotsits .
instead , this cheesy snack from finland has been given a rather rude name , which will no doubt bring tears of laughter to all corn-based snack connoisseurs .
batmilk yogurt is a product of brazilian company batavo and is made from cow 's milk .
batmilk yogurt .
brazilian dairy company batavo 's yogurt has one of the most unlikely names for a product of its nature .
but rest assured that this treat is definitely