it is a battle to send a drone supersonic - and pits china against britain .
experts have claimed that china 's drone , called dark sword , is under secret development .
it was unveiled in 2006 at an airshow , but has since disappeared from public view .
scroll down for video .
the dark sword - known in chinese as `` anjian '' - made its debut at the zhuhai airshow in southern china 's guangdong province in 2006 - and is now believed to be a classified project .
however , it has now reappeared in a report on the the website of the country 's national broadcaster cctv .
the dark sword - known in chinese as `` anjian '' - made its debut at the zhuhai airshow in southern china 's guangdong province .
the model was subsequently exhibited at the paris air show - but was then never heard of again .
some claim the project has already been scrapped due to insufficient funding or other reasons , while others believe the development of the drone is now being kept secret as it is undergoing further research and testing , according to cctvv .
chinese aviation expert fu qianshao told cctv that while he does not know the status of the dark sword project , the drone could become the world 's first supersonic uav if it proves a success .
he said he would not be surprised if the project is still ongoing in secret as a lack of transparency is nothing new for the aviation industry and is an approach commonly taken by the americans .
the craft has ` less emphasis on stealth in comparison to other 601-s uavs , but instead , more emphasis is on maneuverability , ' according to reports .
however , the developers have stated that the primary focus of dark sword is to develop it into a hypersonic uav , in order to fulfill the requirement of a low-observable , high maneuverability , hypersonic uav to support tests conducted for chinese air defense and air-to-air weaponry .
the drone will be pitted against bae system 's taranis in the supersonic race .
earlier this year britain 's next generation military drone has ` surpassed all expectations ' in its first test flight .
taranis , which is named after the celtic god of thunder