as england take stock ahead of surely the defining match of this six nations against ireland , my advice would be : ` do n't buy into the cliches .
do n't waste a second about what is meant to happen and how such a massive occasion is meant to play out .
just have the confidence to produce your a game , execute and win .
' rugby is full of these cliches and they can get into your head .
` you never know which french team are going to turn up ' ; ` the italian pack will always make life difficult ' ; ` the south africans will always out-muscle you up front ' ; ` new zealand run the ball from everywhere ' ; ` the australians ca n't scrummage ' ; ` playing ireland on a wet afternoon in dublin is hell ' ; ` you must silence the crowd in cardiff ' , etc. .
these expressions are redundant .
before the wales game i was amazed that so many pundits talked up wales , at home , as strong favourites with their phalanx of great lions from 2013 .
absolutely meaningless .
jonathan joseph is congratulated after scoring during england 's 47-17 victory over italy at twickenham .
joseph escapes the clutches of italy 's leonardo sarto as england make it two wins from two at six nations .
england 's win was marred by a concussion injury to mike brown , although he should return against ireland .
england skipper robshaw shakes hands with the bruised and battered italians after the match .
i looked at the two teams and asked myself how many of the wales players would make a lions starting xv on current form and there were n't many .
from the off , i was convinced england , injuries or no injuries , would win .
before the italy game i got some stick and was accused of arrogance because i insisted that victory was a given and england should look to score 50 points against the italians , a team i have a lot of time for and who have an important role to play in the six nations .
i just looked at the two line-ups on the day and assessed what should happen if england hit their straps .
in the end england clocked