by .
associated press .
published : .
18:52 est , 2 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
17:41 est , 3 march 2014 .
california governor jerry brown has said he is not sure legalizing marijuana is a good idea in his state because the country could lose its competitive edge if too many people are getting stoned .
if pot smoking gains more legitimacy in the nation 's most populous state , brown said , he worries it could have negative ripple effects .
` the problem with anything , a certain amount is ok .
but there is a tendency to go to extremes , ' he said in a wide-ranging interview aired sunday on nbc 's meet the press .
` and all of a sudden , if there 's advertising and legitimacy , how many people can get stoned and still have a great state or a great nation ?
' scroll down for video .
up in smoke : brown does n't know if legalizing marijuana is wise for california .
californians voted to legalize medical .
marijuana in 1996 .
but brown said he is watching closely to see how .
colorado and washington handle their new laws that go a step further by .
regulating the growth and sale of taxed recreational marijuana at .
state-licensed stores .
colorado 's pot shops opened january 1 , and .
washington 's are expected to open later this year .
` we .
have medical marijuana , which gets very close to what they have in .
colorado and washington .
i 'd really like those two states to show us .
how it 's going to work , ' he said .
` the world 's pretty dangerous , very .
competitive .
i think we need to stay alert , if not 24 hours a day , more .
than some of the potheads might be able to put together .
' brown , .
who was interviewed remotely from san francisco , also discussed .
california 's drought problems , climate change and his future political .
career .
budding romance : california voted to legalize medical marijuana in 1996 but it is not legal for recreational use as it is in colorado -lrb- pictured denver 's discreet dispensary -rrb- .
now , as he prepares to run for