constance briscoe -lrb- pictured -rrb- was arrested after telling police she had not been in contact with the media about the story .
a judge has been arrested over claims that she lied about her involvement in leaking information on chris huhne to the press , it was revealed yesterday .
constance briscoe , 55 , was questioned over allegations that she lied to police during the investigation into whether former cabinet minister huhne asked his then wife vicky pryce to take his speeding points .
miss briscoe , a neighbour and friend of pryce , told police she had not been in contact with newspapers about the story .
but emails revealed the barrister and part-time crown court judge was in contact with a freelance journalist , andrew alderson , who was working for the mail on sunday .
mr alderson told the newspaper that miss briscoe was ` determined to go for the kill ' against huhne , who was then energy secretary in the coalition government .
in an email , the freelance journalist said huhne would be forced to resign over the speeding points allegations and suggested he and a news editor on the paper should take the judge out for a ` farewell to huhne drink ' .
the revelation about miss briscoe -- one of britain 's most prominent black judges -- came on the second day of the retrial of huhne 's ex-wife for perverting the course of justice .
the jury at southwark crown court heard that miss briscoe was dropped as a witness because doubt had been cast on her ability to act as a ` witness of truth ' .
andrew edis qc , prosecuting , said pryce and miss briscoe ` cooked up a plan ' to leak the speeding points story to the press in 2010 in revenge after huhne left pryce for his pr adviser carina trimingham .
miss briscoe was a neighbour of the .
couple in clapham , south-west london , and became a close friend of pryce .
after the acrimonious break-up , as she had also been abandoned by her .
partner .
she acted as pryce 's intermediary with the mail on sunday and .
arranged a meeting between pryce and a news editor in her legal .
chambers .
the jury heard huhne , 58 , angrily .
denounced the judge