by .
alex gore .
last updated at 2:04 pm on 21st february 2012 .
a ground assault by syrian forces on the resistance stronghold of homs looks imminent , as government tanks and troops mass outside the city today .
reports say government troops have killed 21 people and wounded some 340 with a heavy artillery barrage on the city .
activists are warning of a new round of fierce and bloody urban combat being unleashed - despite efforts by the red cross to broker a cease-fire to allow emergency aid in .
a flood of military reinforcements has been a prelude to previous offensives by president bashar assad 's regime , which has tried to use its overwhelming firepower to crush an opposition that has been bolstered by defecting soldiers and hardened by 11 months of street battles .
regime : syrian tank in erbeen , near damascus , yesterday .
defences : sandbags piled high in a homs street yesterday .
rami abdul-rahman , who heads the britain-based activist group syrian observatory for human rights , said ` human loss is going to be huge ' if government forces retake the baba amr district of homs .
russia 's un ambassador vitaly churkin said russia will put forward a proposal at the un security council in the coming days regarding humanitarian aid to syria , the itar-tass news agency reported .
churkin told vesti 24 television on monday that the council ` could undertake concrete steps aimed at solving humanitarian issues , relying , among other things , on the fact that damascus allowed the red cross to bring humanitarian aid to some regions .
' but churkin gave no details about the proposal .
russia and china have vetoed two security council resolutions backing arab league plans aimed at ending the conflict and condemning the government crackdown .
rebels : militants look out from the rooftop in idlib today .
resistance : free syrian army militant clutching his gun in idlib .
the central city of homs - and in particular baba amr - has become a critical ground for both sides .
attack : smoke rises from saraqib , near idlib , today .
the opposition has lionised it as ` syria 's misrata ' after the libyan city where rebels fought off a brutal government siege .
assad 's regime wants desperately to erase