by .
sarah harris .
last updated at 7:04 am on 16th december 2011 .
proud : st mary 's headteacher kim hall , whose school is one of the best-performing in the country .
the devastating extent to which primary schools are failing bright pupils was revealed yesterday .
up to 51,000 11-year-olds who achieved top grades at age seven have effectively gone backwards after being left to coast in maths and english .
four in ten youngsters who were above average in the three rs at seven are failing to fulfil their early promise , official league tables show .
around half of primary schools -- more than 7,500 -- have failed to get each of their brightest pupils up to the highest grades in key stage two tests at 11 .
among these schools , more than 800 could not get all their young high achievers even up to the national average .
this left around 1,300 pupils at a disadvantage when they started secondary school in september .
despite their flying start , they were still struggling to grasp the point of a story , write sentences using commas or add , subtract , multiply and divide in their heads .
the department for education has identified a hard core of 15 schools where more than 20 per cent of pupils who were high attainers at seven sank to the ranks of the lowest achievers at 11 .
schools minister nick gibb said the government was ` shining a light ' on these schools .
critics claim the figures are a damning indictment of a league table culture which has encouraged schools to concentrate on youngsters of low to middle ability at the expense of the brightest .
schools are judged on how well they do in getting pupils to level four , the expected standard , in the basics and many teachers focus their efforts on borderline pupils to improve their league table positions .
the department for education .
yesterday published school-by-school data for around 15,000 state .
primaries in england , based on national curriculum test results in .
english and maths .
the tables reveal for the first time .
how low , middle and high achieving pupils at seven go on to perform in .
the key stage two tests four years later .
the statistics show that more .
than