by .
ashley collman .
and louise boyle .
published : .
13:44 est , 24 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
16:17 est , 24 january 2014 .
two college students who discovered that they have a common sperm donor father revealed today the moment they found out they are sisters .
tulane freshmen mikayla stern-ellis , 19 , and fellow-californian emily nappi , 18 , discovered just weeks ago that they are related after a series of bizarre coincidences drew them together .
both are delighted to have a new sister , saying they already love each other .
however only one of them intends to seek out their sperm donor father .
scroll down for video .
mikayla stern-ellis -lrb- left -rrb- and emily nappi , pictured today , met when they both attended tulane university and realized that they were half-sisters .
the two girls , pictured as babies , have the same sperm donor father that was used by their parents in california almost two decades ago .
a twist of fate brought them together at college in new orleans .
mikayla first made contact with emily last summer while searching for a possible roommate on facebook .
the girls had a lot in common but their paths never really crossed at the new orleans school .
mikayla told matt lauer on the today show : ` we did n't know each other that well , we could be really compatible as friends but we were never in the right place at the right time but we 've definitely got a lot closer recently .
' they figured out that they were conceived by a donation from an anonymous donor after mikayla posted a facebook message about her upbringing .
but neither thought much of it , even when they figured out that both of their donors were colombian .
mikayla said today : ' i thought '' would n't it be funny if we were sisters ?
'' ' mikayla 's lesbian mothers heidi and debra stern-ellis used an anonymous sperm donor to have their daughter two decades ago .
what are the chances !
emily nappi -lrb- left -rrb- and mikayla stern-ellis -lrb- right -rrb- met during their freshman year at tulane and discovered they shared the same sperm donor father .
when the girls went home for winter break ,