resplendent in a sparkling black top and tailored trousers , monaco 's princess charlene looked every inch the yummy mummy as she ramped up the glamour for a cocktail party last week .
joined by husband prince albert , 56 , the new mother was making the most of a rare night away from her two-month-old twins , jacques and gabriella .
the event , which was held at the monte-carlo casino , was the work of the princess charlene of monaco foundation and was intended to raise funds for its learn to swim programme .
scroll down for video .
chic : princess charlene was glamorous in sparkling black at a monte-carlo cocktail party last week .
charlene , a former olympic swimmer , is passionate about water safety and , in 2014 alone , her foundation taught 40,000 children how to take to the sea in safety .
and it seems her concerns are a family affair , with the princess joined for the event by her brother gareth as well as her husband .
he was at the event with gavin varejes , president of south africa rugby legends , which has joined forces with the princess charlene foundation to bring a group of underprivileged south african children to monaco .
the group , who will arrive next month , will take part in the saint devote rugby tournament next month .
in the summer , a group of monégasque children will travel in the opposite direction and take part in a tournament in the country of princess charlene 's birth .
beautiful : the new mother looked fresh-faced at the event , which was organised by her charitable foundation .
family affair : charlene , second left , was joined by her brother gareth , left , and husband albert , centre right .
gift : charlene was presented with a print of nelson mandela 's hands by gavin varejes -lrb- left -rrb- .
speaking in a statement released after the event , the princess charlene foundation said the exchange was part of an ongoing programme to promote sport in schools .
` the sport and education programme supports the belief that physical education is an important tool that contributes to the well-being of children , ' read the statement .
` sport plays a fundamental role in a child 's developmental process .
it allows