by .
adrian durham .
follow @@ talksportdrive .
manchester united have desperately needed a leader this season , but rio ferdinand did n't even bother applying for the job .
it would have been the perfect way for ferdinand to repay the club after they stood by him during his drug test ban all those years ago .
after messing roy hodgson about last year , and turning his back on england , i expected ferdinand to become a regular and a leader for manchester united .
instead he 's tweeting about toilet smells and celebrity big brother .
leading the way : manchester united need rio ferdinand to be a strong captain on and off the field .
toilet humour : rio ferdinand asks twitter a hypothetical question about toilet smells .
television observations : ferdinand offers his insight into reality tv show celebrity big brother .
sir alex ferguson speaks very highly of rio , describing his ` unquestionable class ' in his autobiography last year .
he also highlighted the extent of rio 's focus away from football -- scoffing at plans to go to the usa to meet rapper p diddy : ` is he going to make you a better centre half ?
' fergie asked .
when rio met puffy : sir alex ferguson questioned ferdinand 's motives for meeting rapper puff daddy .
there 's nothing wrong with players having interests outside football , unless of course they take your focus away from the game .
fergie felt so concerned he instructed rio 's agent to run all of the centre half 's activities away from football by him first .
here 's the truth about rio ferdinand 's career : he 's been brilliant for manchester united .
his partnership with nemanja vidic has been rock solid in a period of united domination .
arguably the best centre half pairing in premier league history .
for england he 's been one of many who failed to live up to expectation , which is disappointing .
if you 're thinking he 's past it , think again .
rio played a lot of games last year -- over 30 -- and was so good he made the pfa team of the year .
he also earned a new contract extension from david moyes .
sir alex described it as rio 's best