by .
sarah griffiths .
published : .
17:41 est , 9 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
18:36 est , 9 september 2013 .
babies would need to eat twice as much shop-bought food to get the same energy and protein as meals cooked at home , researchers found .
baby foods made by firms including cow and gate , heinz and ella 's kitchen have far fewer nutrients than homemade meals , according to a new study .
many contain high levels of sugar and some are promoted for use from four months of age - a time when babies should still be on a diet of breast or formula milk .
babies would need to eat twice as much shop-bought food to get the same energy and protein as meals cooked at home , researchers found .
the study , from the department of human nutrition at the university of glasgow , said many weaning foods ` would not serve the intended purpose ' of giving a baby extra nutrients or a range of tastes and textures .
current guidelines encourage weaning from six months of age , with babies fed only breast or formula milk before this time .
but some parents choose to wean early and baby foods are often marked as ` suitable from four months ' .
experts analysed all the baby foods produced by the main uk manufacturers .
these were cow and gate , heinz , boots , hipp organic , ella 's kitchen and organix .
products included ready-made soft foods and dry foods such as cereal that could be made up with milk or water , biscuits , rusks , bars , snacks and cakes .
nutritional information for each product , such as calories , fat , iron and calcium , were collected from manufacturers ' websites , the products themselves and from email enquiries .
of the 479 items , 79 per cent were ready-made spoonable foods and 44 per cent were aimed at infants from four months .
some 65 per cent of the products were sweet foods .
of the 479 items surveyed , 79 per cent were ready-made spoonable foods and 44 per cent were aimed at infants from four months .
some 65 per cent of the products were sweet foods .
the researchers said the typical calorie content of the