you may soon be able to use your ipad in direct sunlight if apple goes ahead with rumoured plans for an anti-glare screen .
reports claim apple suppliers have begun manufacturing the new range of ipads ahead of an october launch .
and sources believe the devices will have anti-reflective laminated displays to make it easier to use in bright light , and outside - compared to current , reflective models .
reports claim apple 's suppliers have begun manufacturing the new range of ipads , and they may feature anti-glare displays .
this would make the devices easier to use outside .
the refreshed tablet range is expected to launch in october .
last year 's ipad air -lrb- left -rrb- and ipad mini with retina display -lrb- right -rrb- are pictured .
by comparison , the kindle fire hd tablet already has a polarising filter and uses anti-glare technology .
according to bloomberg , two unnamed people familiar with plans said mass production of the 9.7-inch ipad air 2 has started , and a refreshed 7.9-inch ipad mini will be manufactured soon .
apple is hoping to boost ipad sales with its new range , after they slumped 9 per cent in the last quarter .
the iphone maker reported sales of $ 37.4 billion -lrb- # 21.9 billion -rrb- in its third quarter ending june , falling short of expectations for about $ 38 billion -lrb- # 22.3 billion -rrb- .
the cupertino-based company also revealed that only 13.2 million ipads were sold in the last quarter , compared to 16.3 million in the previous quarter .
the results have triggered fears that ipad sales are set to get worse once apple launches its rumoured , large-screen iphone this autumn .
last year , apple launched its iphone 5s and 5c at a september event , followed by new ipads in october .
if the firm follows suit this year - and apple launches its iphone 6 at a rumoured event on 9 september - it 's likely the ipads will be released on 21 october .
apple is hoping to boost ipad sales after they slumped 9 per cent in the last quarter .
the iphone maker reported sales of $ 37.4 billion -lrb- # 21.9 billion -rrb- in its third quarter ending june , falling short of expectations for about $ 38 billion -lrb- #