by .
scarlett russell .
her sky-high exploits have been documented recently , with tales of champagne-fuelled parties around the world , run-ins with celebrities and mingling with sir richard branson himself .
but for mandy smith , 40 , from teesside , hartlepool , being an air stewardess with virgin atlantic was n't just about having fun and games in upper class and glamorous locations .
in fact , being groped , having food thrown at her and looking after a woman who 'd suffered a miscarriage in the economy toilets -- all the while maintaining an air of calm professionalism -- were more common .
scroll down for video .
party hard : ` we had fun but were always professional , ' says mandy , pictured here in her cabin crew days .
cabin fever : the sizzling secrets of a .
virgin air hostess published last month , is mandy 's memoir of her .
10-year stint as a virgin ` trolley dolly .
' and she does n't hold back about the on and off-board antics .
speaking .
to mailonline , mandy elaborates on some of the best anecdotes from her .
book , as well as sharing some scandalous tales that did n't quite make .
the final cut .
` obviously we .
had a lot of fun times but i did leave a lot out because i did n't want .
it to seem like that was all we did , ' she says .
` the virgin crew are professional and diligent and i wanted to make sure that came across .
' a quieter life : mandy says she would n't swap her virgin days for anything , but is now happily married with a daughter .
and you can forget the mile high club , according to mandy it was the passengers who are the worst behaved mid-air .
` the book charts 10 years and in that time i knew of only two instances where cabin crew messed about -- one stewardess on my flight was caught giving oral sex to a famous boyband member but she was sacked on the spot , they take that very seriously .
` the passengers behaved far worse , especially in premium economy because they think they 're better than economy , but actually ca n't afford upper .
flying