by .
toby harnden .
published : .
12:59 est , 13 august 2012 .
| .
updated : .
16:07 est , 13 august 2012 .
democrats are claiming that america 's elderly will have to choose ` between medicine and meals ' if mitt romney and his running mate paul ryan unseat president barack obama in november .
the emotive message , which is also pushed in a new obama campaign internet ad , is designed to paint ryan , who has tabled proposals for reforming the medicare programme for the elderly , as a callous extremist .
debbie wasserman shultz , chair of the democratic national committee , told cnn that electing romney and ryan would ` force us back to the days ' when seniors were ` choosing between medicine and meals ... choosing between healthcare and paying their rent ' .
scroll down for videos .
dramatic : debbie wasserman shultz -lrb- left -rrb- defended obama -lrb- right -rrb- , saying that electing romney and ryan would force seniors to ` choose between medicine and meals ' the rush to define the republican .
congressman from wisconsin could be decisive in florida , a virtual .
must-win swing state for romney and home to 3.3 million senior citizens .
who vote in disproportionately high numbers .
wasserman schultz , a florida congresswoman , denied she was being dramatic .
` if you go back to before medicare was a safety net in place for our seniors , you had seniors who were not able to pay for their own health care needs , whose children went medically bankrupt trying to care for them .
' the charge is based on ryan 's budget reform plan that would gradually increase the medicare eligibility age to 67 , starting in 2023 , and replace the current system with one based on vouchers .
truth team : the advert features florida residents discussing what they think of romney and ryan .
this means that the plan , designed to .
be a long-term way of reducing america 's almost $ 16 trillion national .
debt , would affect no one currently aged 55 or over .
ryan .
has said that those approaching retirement have planned their lives .
around medicare in its current form and it would therefore be unfair to .
change the plan .
but