lebanon 's miss universe contestant has come under fire over a group selfie in which she appears with miss israel , leading to several calls for her to be stripped off her title .
saly greige , 25 , has been forced to apologise for the selfie , taken by miss israel , doron matalon , as they prepare to take part in the upcoming pageant in miami .
lebanon and israel remain at war , and miss greige , from al-koura , north lebanon , claims she had done her best to avoid miss matalon , and had been caught by surprise when the photograph was taken .
scroll down for video .
controversial : the group selfie was taken by miss israel , doron matalon , left , forcing miss lebanon , saly greige , second from left , to publicly apologise .
under fire : since the selfie emerged , there have been several calls for stripping miss greige of her miss lebanon title for ` consorting with the enemy ' .
crowned : saly greige waving after being crowned miss lebanon 2014 , in october last year .
the offending photo , taken in miami where the miss universe pageant is staged , appeared on miss matalon 's instagram account on january 11 .
miss greige , who has a masters degree in civil engineering , can be seen smiling awkwardly in the photograph alongside miss japan and miss slovenia .
lebanese media picked up the story , running greige 's allegations that matalon had ` photobombed ' the selfie , and local social media users both defended and attacked their beauty queen for the picture .
after several calls for her to be stripped of her miss lebanon 2014 title , miss greige took to her facebook page to declare that israel 's doron matalon had ` photobombed ' her .
in response to miss greige 's apology , miss matalon said it made her sad that miss greige could ` put the hostility out of the game ' miss greige , posing with miss japan keiko tsuji and miss finland krista haapalainen , apologised for the selfie , claiming miss israel has taken the group selfie when she was unprepared .
beauties : saly greige , pictured second from right , with sabrina beneett , miss malaysia 2014 , ana zubashvili , miss georgia