by .
jill reilly .
published : .
07:30 est , 31 july 2012 .
| .
updated : .
20:13 est , 31 july 2012 .
a massive power failure has hit india for a second day running , leaving more than half the country without power .
it was caused when three regional power grids collapsed , meaning over 600 million people are without power .
hundreds of miners were trapped underground in the eastern state of west bengal when the lifts failed , metro services were stopped temporarily in the capital and hundreds of trains were held up nationwide .
scroll down for video .
in the dark : an indian vegetable vendor in calcutta waits for customers in candlelight during the massive power failure .
power out : an indian man prepares a meal as others sit at a roadside shop on a dark street near a railway station in allahabad .
difficult conditions : employees of the revenue office work with the help of candles during a power cut in siliguri .
failure : hundreds of miners were trapped underground in the eastern state of west bengal when the lifts failed , metro services were stopped in the capital , pictured , and hundreds of trains were held up nationwide .
chaos : streets are packed in heavy traffics following the power outage .
india 's energy crisis spread over half the country when both its eastern and northern electricity grids collapsed , leaving 600 million people without power in one of the world 's biggest-ever blackouts .
` the north , northeastern and the eastern .
grids are down but we are working and we will have them restored .
shortly , ' naresh kumar , said a spokesman at the powergrid corporation of .
india ltd. .
federal power minister sushilkumar shinde told reporters that the monster outage , which struck around 1:00 pm -lrb- 0730 gmt -rrb- in the middle of the working day , was caused by states drawing power ` beyond their permissible limits .
' there appeared to have been a domino effect , with the northern grid drawing too heavily on the eastern grid which in turn led the northeastern grid to collapse .
` half the country is without power .
it 's a situation totally without precedent , ' said vivek pandit , an energy expert