by .
lydia warren .
and snejana farberov .
a basketball coach who suffered a brain injury in a car crash that killed his fiancee just days before their wedding has shown ` miraculous ' progress in hospital , family friends have said .
john redman , 25 , was driving his bride-to-be , brittany huber , 23 , from dalton , georgia to her hometown of mobile , alabama on april 28 when he lost control of his lexus during a rainstorm .
the car smashed into the median along interstate 85 in meriweather county georgia , killing huber on impact and leaving him with broken ribs and a head injury .
amid the tragedy of losing huber , the families are overjoyed that redman is showing progress by blinking , smiling and squeezing his hands .
hope : john redman , who suffered a brain injury in the car crash that killed his wife-to-be britanny huber , left , has shown progress two weeks on by blinking , smiling and squeezing his hands .
` john had a miraculous day , ' derek waugh , the director of athletics at dalton state college , where redman works , wrote on his caringbridge page on monday .
` he really did some amazing things with respect to cognitive function .
' on tuesday night he added : ` john has come so far in the last 2 days .
a list of progress includes squeezing a mini-basketball , answering questions with multiple eye blinks , making movements on command , smiling at jokes and generally being `` aware '' of his surroundings and people .
' ` these are amazing steps ... he has a long road to healing ahead of him but what an amazing 2 days !!!! ' redman has been treated at atlanta 's grady memorial hospital , but he is being moved to sheperd spinal clinic , which specializes brain and spinal cord injuries .
the .
couple 's wedding was scheduled to take place in huber 's hometown of .
mobile , alabama , saturday , and the pair were on their way there when the .
fatal accident happened .
inseparable : the couple had been together since 2011 and were just five days from their wedding .
wreckage : they were driving from georgia to her hometown of mobile , alabama when