cristiano ronaldo has demanded louis van gaal be afforded time to shape manchester united , just like sir alex ferguson got early in his reign , and predicts the dutchman will eventually bring the title back to old trafford .
the real madrid star is planning to watch united 's clash against chelsea on sunday on television in spain and believes fit-again angel di maria could prove the decisive factor .
united trail leaders chelsea by 10 points having only won three times in eight games and ronaldo thinks the gap is too large to bridge , signaling jose mourinho 's side as would-be champions .
video scroll down to watch cristiano ronaldo in a promotional video for real madrid .
cristiano ronaldo has demanded louis van gaal be afforded time to shape manchester united to his liking .
ronaldo thinks van gaal -lrb- pictured -rrb- can lead united to premier league and champions league success .
but he thinks van gaal can lead united into the champions league places -- and would relish the prospect of dueling with his former side in europe 's elite competition again .
` sometimes the coaches need time to change the team to what they want , ' said ronaldo .
` in the premier league all the teams are fighting a lot for points and even the clubs at the bottom of the table can beat those at the top .
so it is tough .
` i read something recently from sir alex ferguson saying van gaal will need time and he is right .
in the beginning even sir alex did n't win anything for a few years and it was a complicated time for him while he got the team together that he wanted .
` to get a good squad and a good team takes time so lets give van gaal the time he needs .
he is a fantastic coach and very experienced and i am certain he will make united champions again , if not this year then very spoon after that .
' di maria has performed best of all the players bought in van gaal 's # 156million summer spree -- scoring or assisting seven goals in his six premier league games .
ronaldo is still in touch with his former real team-mate and says the argentine will raise his game against mourinho 's