anxiety , depression , guilt , sleeplessness , marital strife , drug and alcohol abuse -- these are some of the mental health issues facing residents in newtown , connecticut , two years after the sandy hook elementary school massacre .
only now is the scope of the psychological damage to children , parents and others becoming clear , and the need for treatment is likely to persist a long time .
` here it is two years later , and it 's still hard to deal with .
but , god , you did n't want to know me two years ago , ' said beth hegarty , a sandy hook mother who happened to be inside the school that day with her three daughters , all of whom survived .
scroll down for video .
damage : only now is the scope of the psychological damage to children , parents and others becoming clear , and the need for treatment is likely to persist a long time .
forever grieving : jennifer hensel -lrb- left -rrb- , jeremy richman and david wheeler -lrb- right -rrb- , the parents of six-year-old victims , avielle richman and benjamin wheeler attend the launch of the sandy hook promise , a non-profit created in response to the shooting in newtown , connecticut last year .
trauma : jimmy greene and nelba marquez-greene , lost daughter ana marquez-greene in the horror .
hegarty and her girls are among the thousands of people in this close-knit town of 27,000 who have taken advantage of counselling and other programs made available through millions in grants and donations .
with the second anniversary of the shooting rampage approaching sunday , agencies have been working to set up a support system for the next 12 to 15 years , as the youngest survivors approach adulthood .
mental health officials say the demand for treatment is high , with many people reporting substance abuse , relationship troubles , disorganization , depression , overthinking or inability to sleep , all related to the december 14 , 2012 , attack in which a young man killed 20 children and six educators before committing suicide .
and some of the problems are just now coming to the surface .
innocent : white roses with the faces of victims of the sandy hook elementary school shooting are attached to a telephone pole