few predictions are certain when it comes to the future of air travel ... except this one .
it looks like being a lot more comfortable .
a british company has come up with adjustable plane seats you can book to suit your shape and size .
it means larger passengers need not worry about squeezing into uncomfortable , tight spaces , moving to business class or paying double -- they just book an expanded seat to fit them .
and families can enjoy more comfortable flights without taking up more overall space -- mothers and fathers can add a few notches to their seats while smaller children can have theirs scaled down .
the morph , as the seat has been called , also allows for the possibility of slimmer travellers paying less for occupying smaller spaces .
the design by london firm seymourpowell has already attracted attention from plane manufacturers such as boeing and airbus .
details of passengers ' sizes and needs will be fed into a computer and airline staff then adjust the varied seating arrangements at a touch of a button before take-off .
morph works by replacing the traditional foam pads used in airline seats with a fabric that is stretched across the width of three seats , around a frame and over formers , a little like a hi-tech hammock .
it promises comfort without reducing leg room .
unlike traditional seats , which are created individually using foam padding , the new design is based around a single piece of fabric stretched across the back of a frame for three seats .
another piece of fabric is placed along the bottom , creating a hammock-style chair .
the frame includes ` formers ' which move up or down underneath the fabric , allowing the passenger to alter the recline , as well as the height and depth of the seat pan , according to their size and comfort .
crucially , the formers , which act as arm rests and dividers between the three seats , can also be moved left or right to alter their width , making the seats bigger or smaller .
economy class airline seats are , on average , around 18in wide .
squeezing into a small airline seat could become a thing of the past , but larger people might have to pay more for their