by .
katie davies .
published : .
13:57 est , 5 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:15 est , 5 march 2013 .
a 17-year-old skier who went missing on sunday was found unharmed this morning after he built a snow cave with skills he learned on popular tv survival shows .
nicholas joy , of medford , massachusetts , was skiing with his father , robert , on sugarloaf mountain on sunday afternoon when he got lost .
his desperate family feared the worst after his second night on the mountain last night but were delighted when a snow-mobiler discovered the teen stumbling to safety this morning .
found : rescuers took this photograph just moments after nicholas joy was found ` in great shape ' after spending two nights lost in freezing conditions on sugarloaf mountain , maine .
survival show fan : nicholas joy , pictured , managed to stay alive using skills he learnt from popular survival shows .
in a statement this afternoon , robert and donna joy said : ` there is great relief and happiness that nicholas has made it through this difficult ordeal .
' ` we want to thank everyone for their .
hopes and prayers and especially members of the rescue team ' .
nicholas became lost when he tried to find his way back after skiing off trail on sunday .
he built a snow cave , covered himself with branches to keep warm and survived on water from a nearby stream in skills learned from his love of outdoors survival programs .
his enthusiasm for the shows like the popular man vs wild hosted by bear grylls , meant he survived without injury and was able to walk from the woods to be spotted this morning .
according to practicalsurvivor.com picking a good location is key .
it should aim to protect you from the wind and avoid possibly perilous spots such as a riverbank .
if you 're a skier you should use your skies to help you gather a huge pile of snow - around five foot high or more .
you should then pat it down and leave it to settle before you hollow out a cave .
the cave should be several feet deep sloping slightly up .
pine boughs should be placed at the base for added insulation and