by .
daily mail reporter and associated press reporter .
published : .
17:47 est , 19 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
18:12 est , 19 june 2013 .
the defendants in a father-son prostitution case were acquitted of sex trafficking wednesday but found guilty of laundering millions of dollars and of promoting prostitution , leading at least one of their ` happy hookers ' to weep for her pimps .
three self-described prostitutes took the stand as character witnesses during the trial , all of whom described vincent george sr. and vincent george jr , their admitted pimps , as caring men who took good care of them .
the verdict means the two men , though cleared of charges they coerced the women into their sex business , could face up to 15 years for laundering millions of dollars through music recording and car service businesses .
desiree ellis , a prostitute who testified that she and vincent george sr. would fight but then make up -- and even called him a ` teddy bear ' on the stand -- was seen being comforted after the mixed verdict had been read .
torn : a friend comforts desiree williams , one of the ` happy hookers ' who testified the father-son pimp duo took excellent care of her , after a mixed verdict was read wednesday .
` happy hookers ' : self-proclaimed prostitutes danielle geissler -lrb- left -rrb- , heather keith -lrb- center -rrb- and desiree ellis -lrb- right -rrb- have testified in defense of their alleged pimps , a father-and-son duo .
the men 's supporters in the courtroom initially cheered the verdict , but the gallery fell silent when manhattan judge ruth pickholtz announced convictions against the georges .
the pair showed no emotion aside from slight smiles as they were led back to jail in handcuffs .
the father and son had faced up to 25-year terms on the sex-trafficking charges .
despite the mixed verdict , district attorney cyrus vance jr. called the outcome a victory .
` the goal of the prosecution was to dismantle a criminal enterprise from top to bottom , ' he said .
` that goal has been achieved with the georges .
... there is no fairy tale ending for these defendants .
' family affair : father and son pimps vincent george ,