by .
james chapman .
published : .
19:07 est , 4 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
01:35 est , 5 june 2013 .
speaker bercow 's remarks drew a furious reaction from some fellow politicians .
john bercow was at the centre of a storm last night after claiming migrants work harder than the british .
the commons speaker said the arrival of thousands of migrants from eastern europe has had great advantages for britain .
he spoke of an ` important wave ' of people that have come in recent years and praised their work ethic over that of the british .
the remarks raised questions about the strict political neutrality required from his office and led to an accusation that he had behaved ` disgracefully ' .
speaking on a visit to the romanian parliament in bucharest , mr bercow said : ` i believe things should be controlled and monitored when it comes to migration -- any state that wants to protect its own people should do this -- but there are also great advantages .
` i want to underline the fact that there has been an important wave of immigrants that came to great britain from new member states and in many cases they came with aptitudes and a commitment , an involvement we have n't always seen in our labour force .
' the remarks drew a furious reaction from some fellow politicians , including nigel farage , the uk independence party leader who challenged mr bercow at the last election .
last night he said : ` it is outrageous that mr bercow is happy to overthrow the wisdom of ages and think it acceptable to comment on matters that are both highly political and deeply contentious .
he is a disgrace to the office of speaker .
` there are very good practical and constitutional reasons why the speaker is neutral , reasons that he obviously believes are beneath his own august self image .
' speaking on a visit to the romanian parliament in bucharest , mr bercow said : ¿ i believe things should be controlled and monitored when it comes to migration ... but there are also great advantages ' the speaker criticised sections of the media for raising questions about immigration , claiming there had been negative and discriminatory reporting on the issue .