she , her boyfriend and several members of his entourage were involved in a massive bar brawl just hours before .
but chris brown 's girlfriend karrueche tran did n't appear to have a care in the world as she left her hotel with the singer 's camp this afternoon .
in fact the 24-year-old model was laughing and smiling as she hotfooted it to an awaiting car with a handful of brown 's assistants .
scroll down for video .
like nothing had even happened : chris brown 's girlfriend karrueche tran did n't appear to have a care in the world as she left her hotel with the singer 's camp this afternoon .
however , others in the group did n't appear to be sharing tran 's upbeat attitude , with two friends hardly unable to raise a smile .
tran , who was present when the brawl went down in manhattan club wip last night , was casual in a pair of light grey leggings and a white printed t-shirt .
she toted a leopard print handbag and a pair of bright pink nike air jordans on her feet .
meanwhile chris is currently dealing with aftermath of the brawl he was involved in with fellow entertainer drake last night .
not happy : however , others in the group did n't .
appear to be sharing tran 's upbeat attitude , with two friends hardly .
unable to raise a smile .
brown 's lawyer mark geragos happened to be in the big apple at the time of the incident and today is speaking with detectives from the new york police department , according to radaronline .
chris had called his lawyer immediately after the attack .
` contrary to reports chris did n't flee from the scene , it was a very fluid situation and chris just wanted to make sure that his girlfriend , karreuche tran , was safe , ' a source told the website .
` luckily for chris , his attorney happened to already be in new york city and he has been talking with detectives from the nypd and with management at the nightclub .
home time : later in the afternoon karreueche kept her head down as she arrived back at the soho hotel .
best of enemies : drake , left , and chris , right ,