europe 's golfers this morning gave a tempered response to phil mickelson 's mini-salvo about rory mcilroy and graeme mcdowell ` litigating ' against each other .
martin kaymer questioned whether the american 's pointed observation was necessary but said that , more than anything , he found mickelson 's comments amusing .
as part of what appeared to be a concerted effort by the home side not to ratchet up tension ahead of friday 's start talisman ian poulter also failed to bite back at the usa side , preferring to assure that mcdowell and mcilroy still get on well together .
northern irishmen graeme mcdowell -lrb- left -rrb- and rory mcilroy -lrb- right -rrb- wait to tee off on wednesday .
mcilroy -lrb- centre -rrb- is suing his former management company , in which mcdowell -lrb- right -rrb- is a shareholder .
on tuesday mickelson had deliberately brought up the elephant in the europe team room , the fact that mcilroy is suing his former management company , in which mcdowell is a shareholder , as well as a client .
` phil 's comment , it 's not a topic for us .
it 's one of those things , you read it , you laugh about it and that 's it , ' he said .
' i heard about it yesterday but i think in the end of the day we should just play golf .
it 's fairly simple .
if things like this start it 's a little ... i do n't know if that 's necessary .
' poulter dismissed any notion that there was a problem between the two northern irishmen off the course .
' i did see the comments , but you need to see how rory and g-mac are in the team room , they are very comfortable .
there 's no animosity there whatsoever , the guys are good .
so i just have to laugh at the comment .
' phil mickelson brought up the subject on tuesday , but team europe have denied any animosity .
mcdowell -lrb- left -rrb- and mcilroy -lrb- right -rrb- during wednesday 's practice round at gleneagles .
he also denied that there was any psychological angle at work with the americans trying to disrupt the team that has beaten them with such regularity .
' i do n't think