by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
10:46 est , 11 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:37 est , 11 september 2013 .
police were told a suspected illegal immigrant who was caught shoplifting could not be detained on immigration offences as the home office was already aware he was in the country .
the 19-year-old moroccan admitted he was homeless and living in the uk illegally when he was stopped by police after stealing two bottles of coke from sainsbury 's in ipswich .
according to police , the man admitted the theft but was not charged .
he was given a low-profile community resolution after the town centre store manager accepted his apology and a promise that he would not return to the shop .
a 19-year-old moroccan who was caught shoplifting was not detained on immigration offences as the home office already knew he was in the country -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
but when police contacted the home office , they were told he should not be detained for immigration offences if the shoplifting matter had been resolved as they were already making a decision on his stay in the country .
ipswich tory mp ben gummer has now vowed to investigate the incident .
mr gummer said : ' i shall endeavour to rapidly find out the detail of this .
` if this is true it shows how much work we have still got to do in fixing our immigration system .
` we have never said it would be working in a few months , but immigration is down significantly .
' he added : ` there is still a huge amount to do and this case shows how our uk border force is not measuring up yet to what it should be .
' the 19-year-old was spotted taking two bottles of coke from a sainsbury 's in ipswich -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
the teenager , who is believed to be called imad touri , was stopped at 12.30 pm on sunday .
police said a store security officer spotted him taking the soft drinks and hiding them under his clothing before fleeing .
touri admitted the theft to police and apologised .
suffolk police have said they had spoken to immigration officials about touri .
ipswich tory mp ben gummer has now vowed to investigate the