by .
associated press .
last updated at 7:45 pm on 14th december 2011 .
tech giant google announced wednesday it is donating $ 11.5 million to several coalitions fighting to end the modern-day slavery of some 27million people around the world .
in what is believed to be the largest-ever corporate grant devoted to the advocacy , intervention and rescue of people being held , forced to work or provide sex against their will , google said it chose organizations with proven records in combating slavery .
` many people are surprised to learn there are more people trapped in slavery today than any time in history , ' said jacquelline fuller , director of charitable giving and advocacy for google .
google.org : the internet company is donating $ 11.5 million to combat modern slavery .
google donated more than $ 100m this year to different organisations .
` the good news is that there are solutions , ' she said .
the washington-based international justice mission , a human rights organization that works globally to rescue victims of slavery and sexual exploitation , was chosen by google to lead the efforts .
it will partner with polaris project and slavery footprint and a handful of smaller organizations for the multi-year effort to rescue the enslaved , and push for better infrastructure and resources for anti-slavery enforcement agencies overseas .
it will also raise awareness here in the united states and help countries draft anti-slavery legislation .
` each year we focus some of our annual giving on meeting direct human need , ' ms fuller said .
` google chose to spotlight the issue of slavery this year because there is nothing more fundamental than freedom .
' ` it 's hard for most americans to believe that slavery and human trafficking are still massive problems in our world , ' said mr haugen .
` google 's support now makes it possible for ijm to join forces with two other leading organizations so we can bring to bear our unique strengths in a united front .
' important issue : google 's director of charitable giving jacquelline fuller says there are solutions for modern slavery .
those leading the u.s. efforts will meet in washington on wednesday to kick off the joint initiative .
the project will focus on improved legislation to protect vulnerable children and