by .
eleanor gower .
published : .
11:22 est , 16 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
13:50 est , 16 january 2014 .
he spent years appearing in patchy romantic comedies such as critically panned fools gold , how to lose a guy in ten days and failure to launch .
but matthew mcconaughey celebrated a remarkable career turnaround on thursday with his first oscar nomination .
the 44-year-old texan-born star received a best actor nod for his powerful performance as aids campaigner ron woodroof in dallas buyer 's club .
scroll down for video ... the race is on : matthew mcconaughey , pictured at sunday 's golden globes , is up against four-time-nominee leonardo dicaprio after receiving a best actor oscar nomination on thursday .
mcconaughey shed 50lbs to play ron .
woodroof in the film , based on the real-life tale of an aids patient who .
began smuggling unapproved pharmaceutical drugs into texas when he .
found them effective at improving his symptoms .
` i 've got a pretty full tank .
of energy when it comes to what we did in this film , ' he told the hollywood reporter in the wake of his nomination .
` i 've got a lot of .
stories to share .
it excites me to share the .
story each time i talk about it .
there 's always a fresh subject .
it .
means something different to everyone .
' his chances of scooping the big prize increased tenfold when he beat acting legends tom hanks and robert redford to win the golden globe for best actor in a motion picture , drama on sunday .
in .
the running : the five best actor nominees for the 86th academy awards .
were announced by chris hemsworth and academy president cheryl boone .
isaacs in los angeles on thursday .
globe triumph : mcconaughey gave an entertaining speech after winning his globe .
role of a lifetime : mcconaughey has received a slew of nominations during awards season for his role as ron woodroof in dallas buyer 's club .
now , many commentators believe he can beat four-time oscar nominee leonardo dicaprio to the prize at the prestigious ceremony on march 2 .
dicaprio was first nominated back in 1994 in the supporting actor category for what 's eating