what is the price of being forced to raise a brown baby ?
it 's an unusual question , arising from an unusual lawsuit prompted by an insemination gone wrong .
and it has set off an extraordinary discussion touching on sensitive issues of race , motherhood , sexuality and justice , though the debate begins with one basic premise : you should get what you pay for .
jennifer cramblett and her wife , amanda zinkon , wanted a white baby .
they went to the midwest sperm bank near chicago and chose blond , blue-eyed donor no. 380 , who looked like he could have been related to zinkon .
when cramblett was five months pregnant , they found out that she had been inseminated by donor no. 330 -- a black man .
` the couple did not get what they asked for , which was a particular donor .
the company made a mistake , and it should have to pay for that , ' says jessica barrow , an information technology professional in suburban detroit .
mix-up : jennifer cramblett -lrb- right -rrb- has filed a lawsuit which cites the stress and anxiety of raising her daughter payton , -lrb- pictured -rrb- , in a predominantly white ohio town , which she describes as intolerant .
mothers : jennifer cramblett -lrb- right -rrb- is seen with her wife amanda zinkon -lrb- left -rrb- .
barrow is black and lesbian , with a white partner .
they considered insemination of the white partner before choosing to adopt .
when looking at donors , they wanted sperm from a black donor , to create a biracial baby that would have shared some physical characteristics with both of them .
` they 're not saying anything racist , they 're not saying we do n't want a black baby , ' barrow said of cramblett and zinkon , who profess their love for their now 2-year-old daughter .
` they 're saying , we asked for something , you gave us something different , and now we have to adjust to that .
' that ` adjustment ' is a major justification for cramblett 's lawsuit .
it cites the stress and anxiety of raising a brown girl in predominantly white uniontown , ohio , which cramblett describes as intolerant .
some of her own family members have