` one was taller than the others , ' remembers 74-year-old new yorker , marita lorenz .
' i asked him who he was .
he laughed and said , `` yo soy cuba .
commandante fidel castro .
'' ' it was the first time lorenz clapped eyes on the cuban dictator but it certainly was n't the last .
just one year after the first fateful meeting , lorenz was living in havana as his mistress .
but her presence there did n't go unnoticed , not least by the cia , who in 1960 recruited her to kill castro using poison pills concealed in her face cream .
fateful : lorenz and castro pictured at their first meeting aboard the ms berlin cruise ship in havana harbour .
so how did lorenz , the daughter of a german american cruise liner captain , go to from lover to would-be killer in such a short space of time ?
her story began on the 28th february 1959 when her father 's cruise ship , the ms berlin , on which she also worked , dropped anchor in havana harbour .
as liner dropped anchor , a launch crammed with uniformed men hurtled towards them , among them , fatefully , castro .
` he was 33 , with sparkling eyes , ' she remembers , speaking in an interview recorded for history channel documentary , cia declassified .
` and that was it .
i was lost in love .
' on her return to new york a few days later , she found herself bombarded with calls and invitations to return to cuba from the dictator .
she obliged and , within days , was installed in castro 's penthouse apartment on the 74th floor of the havana hilton .
after her affair with castro ended , she went on to have a child with venezuela 's marcos pérez jiménez .
revolutionaries : fidel castro of cuba with argentine guerrilla leader che guevara .
two months later , she discovered - to her delight - that she was pregnant .
but her happiness was n't to last .
drinking a glass of milk one day while heavily pregnant , she suddenly blacked out and came to a few hours later to find herself seriously ill - and without her baby .
so ill did she become ,