by .
rachel quigley .
published : .
17:35 est , 24 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:12 est , 24 july 2013 .
a 37-year-old has become the first cyclist to be convicted of manslaughter after he struck and killed a 71-year-old pedestrian after running a stop sign .
chris bucchere was cycling through a busy intersection when he plowed into sutchi hui , who was crossing the street with his wife .
in downtown san francisco .
his conviction today is the first of its kind for a cyclist in the u.s. .
he was sentenced to 1,000 hours of community service and three years on probation after pleading guilty to vehicular manslaughter .
scroll down for video .
guilty : chris bucchere was cycling through a busy intersection when he plowed into sutchi hui , who was crossing the street with his wife in downtown san francisco .
backlash : chris bucchere , left , plowed into pedestrian sutchi hui , right , on march 29 , 2012 , and then took to a bicycle blog forum to tell his side of the story .
according to the district attorney 's office , bucchere had run through at .
least two stop signs without stopping on his way to the intersection .
where he crashed .
the light had already turned red when he crashed into the group of pedestrians even though he claimed it was yellow .
after the 2012 accident , bucchere .
wrote about it on a cycling chat forum and was blasted for making .
excuses for what he did and making jokes about his helmet .
the .
post , which has since been removed , said : ` the light turned yellow as i .
was approaching the intersection , but i was already way too committed to .
stop .
` the .
light turned red as i was cruising through the middle of the .
intersection and then , almost instantly , the southern crosswalk on .
market and castro filled up with people coming from both directions ... so , in a nutshell , blammo .
' the .
poster , ` bucchere chris ' , who identified himself as the man responsible .
for the crash , then continued to recount the final few moments before .
the fatal collision .
' i .