dna testing by the fbi has cleared jesse matthew of any connection to the abduction and murder of alexis murphy , the 17-year-old virginia girl who went missing in 2013 and has never been found .
matthew , 32 , has separately been charged with the murder of university of virginia student hannah graham , 18 , who went missing from a bar in charlottesvile last september and whose body was found a month later following an extensive search .
matthew has pleaded not guilty to killing graham .
following mathew 's arrest in october , the attorney for randy allen taylor - the man convicted of murphy 's murder - requested that matthew be properly examined as a possible suspect in the teen 's death .
cleared : dna testing by the fbi has cleared jesse matthew -lrb- left -rrb- of any connection to the abduction and murder of alexis murphy , 17 -lrb- right -rrb- , the virginia girl who went missing in 2013 and has never been found .
according to news advance , swabs of dna taken from the driver 's side head rest and the steering wheel of murphy 's nissan maxima did not match matthew , nelson commonwealth 's attorney anthony martin said in a news release friday .
in july last year , randy allen taylor was convicted of abducting and killing murphy and sentenced to two life terms .
` at no time did the name jesse matthew ever come up by randy taylor or mr. hallahan until matthew 's arrest in the hannah graham case in october 2014 , ' martin said in the release .
despite murphy 's body never being found , there was overwhelming physical evidence that tied taylor to her murder .
investigators found a t-shirt under a sofa in taylor 's camper that was splattered with murphy 's blood , as well as the girls shattered cellphone in brush outside the camper .
a finger fragment , long black hair and a diamond stud - all with murphy 's dna - were also found in the camper .
in court : matthew , from virginia , was arrested and charged in october , 2014 , with abducting hannah graham .
case : graham -lrb- left -rrb- , went missing in charlottesville after leaving a bar at around 2am on september 13 .
prosecutors claim the sophomore