by .
charles sale .
follow @@ charliesale .
sir bradley wiggins , who made a silver-medal return to the track in the commonwealth games on thursday , must wait until march to resolve his long-running management dispute .
a high court date has now been set for the multi-million-pound case brought against wiggins by agents mtc , whom the cyclist left to join simon fuller 's xix entertainment .
wiggins revealed in february 2013 -- after his glory year when he won the tour de france , olympic gold and bbc sports personality of the year -- that he was joining the likes of david beckham and lewis hamilton in fuller 's all-star set-up , sparking a complex legal fight .
video scroll down top watch bradley wiggins disappointed with commonwealth silver .
legal proceedings : sir bradley wiggins , pictured here after wining silver in the team pursuit at the commonwealth games , will face a high court hearing in march .
mtc claim to have negotiated wiggins 's most lucrative contract with team sky as well as fred perry and oakley sponsorships and an autobiography .
the wiggins camp allege the agency deal only involved commercial contracts and not his riding agreement with sky , and that some contracts were arranged by wiggins 's wife catherine and friends .
however , wiggins has never been able to attract the number of endorsements enjoyed by his fellow cycling knight sir chris hoy .
still smiling : wiggins waves to the crowd inside the sir chris hoy velodrome after defeat to australia .
prince imran , the jolly malaysian president of the commonwealth federation who threatened to blow the climax of the opening ceremony when he took ages to extricate the queen 's message from a baton , disarmingly deflected criticism on thursday by saying it had been a ` great comedy act ' .
it did n't seem funny at the time .
meanwhile , the video wall that took up the whole of the south stand at celtic park seems to be a game-changer for opening ceremonies , after it so greatly enhanced what was going on in the stadium .
... .
team england and the commonwealth games organisers remained remarkably sanguine when mo farah , one of the few a-list track and field stars due to compete in glasgow , withdrew from the 5,000 metres