david cameron is a ` mediocrity ' who thinks the film love actually is a guide for running the country , new ukip mp douglas carswell has claimed .
the rebel backbencher said the prime minister and other leading politicians were only in the commons for the power and did not care about changing things for ordinary people .
he said : ' i think they 've just watched richard curtis 's love actually , and think it 's a manual for how to govern the country .
' david cameron uses love actually as a ` manual ' for running the country , according to ukip mp douglas carswell .
douglas carswell was sworn in as ukip 's first ever elected mp last week and immediately attacked the government for failing to give voters the power to sack elected politicians through the power of ` recall ' mr carswell , who stunned westminster by defecting to ukip over the summer , hit out at the mps running the main westminster parties .
the clacton mp , speaking to the guardian , said : ` why do we have to be governed by these mediocrities ?
` why do we have to be governed by people who read what they read in the economist and the ft and regurgitate all the failed cliches that got us in to this mess ?
' in the 2003 hit film hugh grant plays a prime minister who stands up to the us president in a public showdown .
mr carswell added : ` they want to hold office , but they do n't know what to do with it .
they watch the west wing .
they think it 's all about giving speeches , positioning , going to washington .
they 're not in it for change , they 're in it to hold office .
` you can re-personalise politics .
the moment i got a blog and a twitter account i started thinking i can communicate directly with people .
i do n't need to be a pale imitation of harry enfield 's tory boy .
' mr carswell said ambitious mps ` watch the west wing -lsb- and -rsb- think it 's all about giving speeches , positioning , going to washington ' mr carswell was scathing about political leaders obsessed about ` going to washington ' .
in