a dolphin was lethally shot .
by a hunting arrow in the northern gulf of mexico , the second .
violent killing of the protected animal in recent weeks , federal .
authorities said on monday .
the dolphin , with a yellow-feathered arrow embedded in its .
side , washed ashore on orange beach , alabama , over the weekend , .
according to a news release from the national oceanic and .
atmospheric administration -lrb- noaa -rrb- , whose law enforcement .
officers are investigating .
preliminary results from a necropsy indicate that the .
dolphin may have survived with the arrow for at least five days .
before dying of an infection caused by the wound , noaa said .
the dead body of a dolphin lethally shot by a hunting arrow in the northern gulf of mexico washed ashore on orange beach , alabama , over the weekend .
preliminary results from a necropsy indicate that thedolphin may have survived with the arrow for at least five daysbefore dying of an infection caused by the wound .
close up wound of a dolphin killed with a hunting arrow is shown in this national oceanic and atmospheric administration -lrb- noaa -rrb- photo .
the agency also is investigating the death of a pregnant .
bottlenose dolphin found on miramar beach , florida , last month .
after being shot in the lung .
the dolphin was within weeks of giving birth , according to a .
news release in that death .
authorities are seeking additional information in both .
cases .
harming , harassing or feeding a wild dolphin is .
prohibited under the marine mammal protection act of 1972 .
noaa officials said they have seen a rise in violent .
killings of dolphins in the northern gulf of mexico , with at .
least 17 dolphins stranded , or beached in shallow water , with .
gunshot wounds since 2002 .
the majority of these deaths have .
occurred in the past four years .
people can help to protect dolphins by refraining from .
feeding them , which encourages them to approach dangerous .
situations , noaa said , noting they will remove bait and catch .
directly from fishing gear .
this can result in violent .
retaliation .
the noaa is also investigating the death of a pregnant bottlenose dolphin found