a young boy battling terminal cancer got the thrill of a lifetime this weekend when he scored a touchdown in his first ever football game .
liam myrick , a six-year-old from houston , missouri , who is fighting stage 4 high-risk neuroblastoma , got a chance to play for the mountain grove mighty mite football team , and serve as an honorary team captain for the day .
even better , with the help of his new teammates , he also managed to run in a touchdown from 15-yards out .
big day : liam myrick -lrb- above with football -rrb- scored a touchdown at his first ever football game over the weekend .
fighter : liam -lrb- above -rrb- has been battling stage 4 cancer since he was just three-years-old .
unfortunately , the excitement was short lived , as moments later the young boy was forced to take medication for his pain .
since being diagnosed at the age of 3 , liam has undergone 14 rounds of intravenous chemotherapy , two bone marrow transplants , 20 rounds of radiation and nine major surgeries his mother , shawna myrick , told foxnews.com .
` his cancer is growing again and there 's not a lot that they can do because he has fluid around his heart , and the one kidney he has left is starting to fail as well as his live , ' she added .
the myrick family says they got a call from mighty mite coach jerry elliot last week , saying the team would like to honor liam at a game .
score : moments after his big touchdown celebration , liam was forced to take medication for his pain .
horrible news : doctors have said that due to liam 's low energy levels the young boy does not have much time left .
helping hand : liam 's parents have set up a page where people can donate to their son 's treatment .
he ran through the banner with the other boys at the start of the game , participated in the coin toss , and then scored his big touchdown .
` it 's probably one of the coolest memories we 've had , ' shawna said .
doctors have told the family that due to liam 's low energy levels , they do n't think he has