karren brady and her daughter sophia , pictured at a movie premiere last year .
brady has revealed she encouraged her daughter to learn .
celebrity businesswoman baroness karren brady has joined the growing list of wealthy stars to declare an insistence their children must work to earn their own way through life .
brady , who is the vice-chairman of west ham united and a judge on the bbc television show the apprentice , has revealed she encouraged her daughter sophia to take up a saturday job at a solihull branch of hollister 's .
she said work place demands taught teenagers basic communication skills and developed their personality much further beyond just academic success .
it also taught them how to better interact with others , which spending too much time in front of computer and smartphone screens would not .
following in the footsteps of the beckhams , kim kardashian and sting , brady , 45 , told the sunday times her daughter ` folded clothes , hoovered and worked on the till ' during her saturday shifts .
she said : ` it helped her realise there is a whole world outside school of different experiences and places .
` it helped her develop her personality , not just academic skills .
' brady also revealed sophia , who is now 18 , and studying at university , is funding her studies and living expenses with a student loan - which brady refuses to pay off .
last year brady told the huffington post her own first job was sweeping the floor at a hairdressers .
role model : karren brady featuring in last week 's episode of the apprentice , where she acts as lord sugar 's eyes and ears .
she said : ` my own career began when i joined a hairdressers to sweep the floor .
it was n't a job that on paper i wish for my daughter , though the skills i learnt there put me on the right path .
' she joins a growing number of celebrities who have expressed a desire for their children to learn the value of hard work .
in may , it was revealed david and victoria beckham 's son brooklyn had taken up a job at a west london coffee shop where he was paid # 2.68 an hour .
due to