by .
emily allen .
published : .
11:07 est , 19 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
06:02 est , 20 september 2012 .
the boyfriend of catherine wells-burr appeared in court today accused of conspiracy to murder her .
rafal piotr nowak , 31 , faced magistrates in bristol a day after his former partner , anna julia lagwinowicz , 32 , was at the same court to face the same charge .
nowak is charged with conspiring together with lagwinowicz and others to murder his girlfriend , which is said to have been committed between may 1 and september 13 .
charged : rafal nowak , left , appeared before magistrates in bristol today charged with conspiring to murder his girlfriend catherine wells-burr , right , who was found in a burning car in somerset last week .
through an interpreter , the polish national spoke only to confirm his name , age and address .
nowak wore dark blue jeans and a blue and white checked shirt during the brief hearing .
jeffrey bannister , defending , did not make an application for bail .
nowak , of chard , somerset , was remanded into custody to appear alongside lagwinowicz at bristol crown court on october 9 .
charged : polish national anna julia laqwinowicz , .
32 , left , of has also been charged with conspiracy to murder miss .
wells-burr , right , whose heartbroken family have released this photo of .
the bright graduate .
chair of the bench helen jackson told him : ` your case is going to be sent to the crown court at bristol and that hearing will be on october 9 .
' a 38-year-old man arrested in connection with the inquiry remains in police custody .
miss wells-burr 's body was found inside her burning ford focus car off the a358 near ilminster , somerset , on wednesday last week by firefighters .
they had been alerted to the blazing five-door vehicle by passing motorists shortly before 6.30 am .
sealed off : a policeman guards a white tent erected by forensic officers at the site where ms wells-burr 's body was discovered .
miss wells-burr , 23 , who was known as caf , gained a first-class degree in business management at bath spa university .
she then went to work as a