joe barlow , from laindon , essex , was jailed for five separate offences at basildon crown court , including stealing # 8,500 from his grandparents .
a 20-year-old fugitive who taunted police on facebook by posting ` ca n't catch me ' wept in the dock as he was jailed for stealing thousands of pounds from his grandparents and assaulting his mother .
joe barlow , from laindon , essex , was jailed for five separate offences at basildon crown court , including stealing # 8,500 from his grandparents ' savings to pay for drugs .
he was sent to prison after spending two and a half months on the run from police before his arrest 12 miles from his home in stondon massey , essex .
he was jailed for eight months for five separate offences including assaulting his mother in february and breaching a suspended sentence he was handed in march 2012 .
he was given the suspended sentence after he went to his grandparents ' home and took cash they had been saving to get their windows replaced before fleeing to cornwall to spend it .
earlier this year , barlow also admitted assaulting his mother on valentine 's day and an offence of criminal damage at basildon magistrates ' court .
his case was sent to basildon crown court for sentence on march 26 but he did n't turn up and the court issued a warrant for his arrest .
essex police posted his mugshot on its facebook page on may 3 , with an urgent appeal for members of the public to report sightings of him .
hours later barlow began his online taunts , writing : ` ca n't catch me ' , and said he would not turn himself in until he had a meeting with prime minister david cameron .
but he was arrested a short time later at a hideout in stondon massey , essex , he was again ordered to attend court .
barlow , who wore a red prison-issue tracksuit for the court appearance , sobbed throughout the hearing as his mother and girlfriend sat in the public gallery .
his solicitor , mark savage , said his time on the run stemmed from a fear of court and going to prison .
he said he committed a number of offences while in a ` toxic relationship '