by .
kate lyons .
two 16-year-old asylum seekers living in adelaide were taken from their carer without warning or explanation and have been moved to a detention centre in darwin , causing outrage in the boys ' community and school .
the boys , who can not be named , came to australia from vietnam in 2011 and after some time in inverbrackie detention centre were released into community detention in adelaide where they attended school and joined a local soccer team .
the boys were taken on thursday june 26 after school while they were at their carer 's home playing xbox .
` there was a knock at the door and four people were at the door -- two federal police and two immigration officers , ' said meredith edwards , the principal of woodville high school , which the boys attended .
she has been in contact with one of the boys via phone calls over the last month .
meredith edwards -lrb- left -rrb- is the principal of woodville high school , which the boys attended .
kyle rigney -lrb- right -rrb- a student at the school started a change.org petition calling for the boys to be returned to adelaide .
the boys were handed letters dated the same day , one of which has been provided to daily mail australia .
` the minister for immigration and border protection -lsb- scott morrison -rsb- has made a decision that your residence determination is no longer in the public interest , ' the letter reads .
` as such the the minister for immigration and border protection has exercised his public interest power ... to revoke your residence determination .
' ms edwards said the boys had not broken any of the conditions of their community detention , which require them to attend school , abide by the law and not to make public comments and were given no reasons as to why their residence had been revoked .
she described the boys as ` highly academic and focused on success , ' and said they would make ` incredibly loyal citizens ' .
when they received the letter , ms edwards said the boys were distressed and asked what they had done wrong , to which one of the officers replied : ` you have n't done anything wrong , this is just what the