by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
12:33 est , 27 august 2012 .
| .
updated : .
07:43 est , 28 august 2012 .
a 15-year-old suspect is in custody after shooting a male student at random on the first day of classes at a high school near baltimore , police said .
a 17-year-old perry hall high school student was flown to a hospital after being shot in the back monday morning , baltimore county police said .
baltimore county police chief james johnson said at a news conference monday afternoon that officers believed that the shooter , who was also a student at perry hall high school , fired at random and struck the teen .
the victim , who has not been identified , is in critical condition , according to a hospital spokeswoman .
scroll down for video .
suspect : the 15-year-old shooter hit a 17-year-old boy in the back and fired a second shot as wasmer grabbed him ; the topless suspect was seen being lead away by police this morning .
shooting : a 17-year-old male student was shot in the back by another student at perry hall high school in baltimore on monday morning ; it was the students ' first day back .
random attack : officers believe that the shooter , who was also a student at perry hall high school , fired at random and struck the teen .
johnson says the shooter took out a .
weapon he had hidden when teachers and a school resource officer .
immediately rushed him .
johnson said a second shot was fired .
the .
shooter was quickly subdued .
johnson says the shooter acted alone .
police found the weapon he used but would not say what it was .
the suspect fired a first shot at 10.45 am , a second shot was fired as teachers grabbed him , johnson said .
students have said that the suspect was tackled by two teachers , who pinned him against a vending machine .
some students , who witnessed the chaos , said that there was a scuffle right before the shooting .
' i heard two large bangs and i saw people running and it was chaos and everybody ran outside , and the principal told us to stay in the grass area and away from