a british woman arrested in iran after attending a men 's volleyball match has gone on trial today .
ghoncheh ghavami , 25 , appeared before a judge accused of ` propaganda against the regime ' -- a charge which can carry a one-year jail sentence .
the london graduate was detained as she and women 's rights campaigners tried to enter the azadi stadium in tehran to watch a volleyball game .
detained : law graduate ghoncheh ghavami , 25 -lrb- right with her mother susan , 49 -rrb- has spent more than 100 days in iran 's notorious evin prison including 41 in solitary confinement after trying to attend a volleyball match .
evidence : this is the photo , taken after the women were prevented from entering the match , which is being used by the iranian regime as supposed evidence of propaganda against the state .
miss ghavami is circled .
under iran 's strict islamic laws , women are forbidden from mixing with male spectators at sporting events .
miss ghavami was released on bail but then arrested when she tried to collect her belongings from a police station a week later , when the authorities discovered she had dual british-iranian citizenship .
she was thrown into solitary confinement in iran 's notorious evin political prison and has been held for more than 100 days , including 41 days in solitary .
miss ghavami , a law graduate from the school of oriental and african studies in london , carried out a 14-day hunger strike in protest against her detention .
her british-born mother susan , 49 , said the hunger strike had now ended and the family hoped to learn the court 's verdict next week .
writing to her daughter 's supporters on facebook , mrs ghavami said : ` today was my daughter 's court day .
it was not a public court sessions .
the family were not allowed inside the courtroom for the 90-minute trial of miss ghavami -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
her mother susan -lrb- left -rrb- told supporters : ` when they brought ghoncheh , i laid a kiss on her beautiful face ' ` before the commencement , when they brought ghoncheh , i laid a kiss on her beautiful face and gave her as much comfort as i could in that brief time .
' the