by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
07:57 est , 24 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:15 est , 24 april 2013 .
claire smedley says that she is blessed with the biggest cleavage in britain , but today the 30-year-old revealed on this morning that she has n't always been so confident about her curves .
the mother-of-three hit the headlines recently after she admitted to almost suffocating her ex-boyfriend with her colossal 40mmm breasts .
her current partner chris willgoose has invented a ` warning system ' where he taps her legs to flag up any danger moments when they are getting intimate .
today pink-haired claire from derby is confident about her figure , even using it to make some money as a part-time model , but in her first tv appearance she told this morning hosts holly willoughby and phillip schofield that she received some startling early advice from her local church group .
claire smedley claims that she has the biggest breasts in britain and appeared on this morning today in her first tv interview .
claire says that her breasts grew almost overnight when she was 11 and along with her new chest came cruel bullying .
aged 12 she was already a dd cup and by the age of 16 she was wearing a h cup bra .
she said : ` they stuck out so much , i was tiny with massive boobs .
kids used to undo my bra in class or make me run so they could laugh as they moved around .
` people jump to conclusions when you look like that and think certain things when in fact it could n't have been more different , i was actually very shy .
claire smedley , who lives in derby with her new boyfriend chris willgoose , says she is always on her guard during sex after her ex-boyfriend nearly suffocated .
' i was very involved in the church all my free time was spent there .
' i .
was pulled aside a few times and told that what i was wearing was n't .
appropriate , even though i was wearing the same clothes as the other .
girls .
` finally i was .
pulled aside and told that i should consider having a breast reduction .
because it was