the retired judge leading an inquiry into historic sex abuse said she will not quit yesterday , after her brother was linked to an establishment ` cover-up ' of the paedophile ring she will be investigating .
baroness butler-sloss faced demands for her resignation less than 24 hours after she was appointed to lead the government 's probe into abuse by politicians and other powerful figures .
mps and legal experts said it was inappropriate for her to keep the post given that her late brother , sir michael havers , was attorney general under margaret thatcher when many of the abuse claims were first made .
scroll down for video .
baroness butler-sloss faced demands for her resignation less than 24 hours after she was appointed to lead the government 's probe into abuse by politicians and other powerful figures .
sir michael was accused of presiding over a ` whitewash ' and ` the cover-up of the century ' in the 1980s by geoffrey dickens mp , who led a campaign to identify members of a paedophile ring allegedly operating in whitehall , and including an mi6 officer .
actor nigel havers , sir michael 's son , defended his aunt yesterday .
he said she ` had no political ties to my father and knew nothing about what was going on in the house of commons at that time ' , adding : ` she has every right to lead the inquiry .
' but labour mp simon danczuk , who exposed cyril smith 's abuse and led calls for a full inquiry into the alleged official cover-up of child abuse , said : ` it 's astonishing the government did n't realise they were appointing the sister of someone who had tried to deter the prosecution of a significant paedophile .
it 's far too establishment -- and the government need to think again .
' further doubt was cast on lady butler-sloss 's suitability last night when it emerged she had made significant errors in an inquiry into a church of england paedophile scandal three years ago .
eight months after her report was published , the peer had to issue a six-page addendum in which she apologised for ` inaccuracies ' that arose from her failure to corroborate information provided by senior anglican figures .
mps and legal experts said it was inappropriate for