a humanitarian worker on holiday in new york was charged $ 165 -lrb- # 106.60 -rrb- by a pedicab driver for a journey of just 0.8 miles in midtown on new year 's eve .
haiti-based red cross employee ken smith , 41 , was in new york with his wife peothong and daughter samantha , who both took the pricey ride with him from herald square to the rockefeller center .
the wisconsin native , who has travelled throughout asia and africa , said the driver charged per passenger , which is illegal , and covered a sign with prices printed on it with his foot .
haiti-based humanitarian worker ken smith was charged $ 165 -lrb- # 106.60 -rrb- for a journey of 0.8 miles in new york .
the visitor told the new york post that he could have taken a helicopter ride for the price charged by the driver of the bicycle-powered vehicle .
he said : ' i felt like i was robbed .
` we saw and know most of the scams all over the planet , and , sadly , we 're victims to one in our own country .
' one of more than 800 rickshaw-like pedicabs in new york city negotiates traffic on a busy street .
mr smith reported the incident to the non-emergency 311 line .
while this ripoff was significant , mr smith and his family are not the first to be scammed by a new york pedicab rider .
in june 2013 a japanese couple was reportedly charged $ 720 for ride from midtown to greenwich village which took 20 minutes .
the rider used the square mobile card-reading app to take the fare .
with tourist scams becoming a major issue in new york a new law was passed in 2013 in an attempt to regulate fares .
pedicabs must display their per-minute rate on their vehicle after laws were changed in 2013 .
the new rules state pedicabs can only charge a per-minute rate rather than a fee based on distance or the number of passengers .
the driver can charge whatever they like as long as it is posted on their vehicle in 28-point font .
there are more than 800 pedicabs operating in new york , concentrated mostly around major tourist attractions such as central park and times square .