by .
hugo gye .
a patient died after being forced to wait in an ambulance for four hours because a hospital 's a&e department was too busy to admit him .
the 58-year-old man fell ill last thursday and was taken to princess of wales hospital in bridgend , south wales .
however , the emergency unit was ` extremely busy ' , and the patient had to spend four hours waiting outside , during which time he was assessed by a doctor .
two hours after finally being admitted to a&e , his condition deteriorated and he died .
investigation : bosses at princess of wales hospital in bridgend , pictured , are probing the death of patient who was forced to wait in an ambulance outside a&e for four hours .
abertawe bro morgannwg university health board , which is responsible for the hospital , had previously warned that its a&e services were becoming overstretched due to the high level of admissions .
hospital bosses urged patients to avoid the emergency unit after 18 operations had to be cancelled thanks to overcrowding .
and last month , it emerged that one patient in wales had been forced to wait in an ambulance for more than six hours as campaigners warned of a crisis in a&e across britain .
police are currently investigating the death of the 58-year-old in bridgend in preparation for an inquest to be held by the coroner .
in addition , the abmu health board has launched a review to determine whether the man 's death may have been preventable .
the board said in a statement : ` we are deeply saddened to report the death of a patient in the emergency department of the princess of wales hospital on january 16 .
we wish to express our sincere condolences to the patient 's family .
tragic : the man was forced to remain in the ambulance because a&e was too busy for him -lrb- file photo -rrb- .
` the patient was admitted to the department at 11am and two hours later became suddenly very unwell .
despite efforts by staff to resuscitate him he later died .
` prior to being admitted to the department , the patient was in an ambulance , attended by paramedics , for over four hours .
the princess of wales hospital emergency department was extremely