a pennsylvania teen has been granted a new chance to argue there was insufficient evidence to convict him of killing his father 's pregnant fiancee when the boy was 11 years old .
the state supreme court on monday sent the matter back to lawrence county juvenile court to hold a hearing about the evidence used to convict jordan brown of the february 2009 shotgun killing of 26-year-old kenzie hook and her unborn son at their home near wampum .
one of brown 's attorneys , lourdes rosado , said his lawyers will file a motion seeking a new trial , arguing that his prior adjudication of delinquency in juvenile court went against the weight of the evidence .
another chance : now 17 , jordan brown -lrb- right and left -rrb- was 11 when he was arrested for the shooting murder of his father 's fiancee and her unborn baby .
killed : jordan brown was found guilty of shooting with a shotgun 26-year-old kenzie hook -lrb- center -rrb- in 2009 .
she called the high court decision gratifying but noted brown , now 17 , remains incarcerated .
she said he has always maintained his innocence .
` it is a concern that we 're going to be remanded and have to start this process all over again , ' rosado said .
` time is of an essence when you are a child and sitting in a facility .
' messages seeking comment from the attorney general 's office , which is prosecuting the case , were not immediately returned .
in the four-justice majority opinion , justice debra todd described some of the evidentiary issues , including whether there was enough evidence to tie brown to the murder weapon , the possible role of a black truck brown said he saw by their garage before leaving for school and brown 's healthy relationship with houk .
cold blooded ?
brown -lrb- here with his father -rrb- has maintained his innocence from the beginning .
prosecutors maintain he used his own youth model shotgun to murder houk in february 2009 before he went to school with her 7-year-old daughter .
weak case ?
brown was arrested less than one day after houk 's death .
however , evidence against him is largely circumstantial .
up the judicial ladder : brown 's conviction was overturned in superior court