by .
anna hodgekiss .
published : .
06:57 est , 31 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:56 est , 31 may 2013 .
a dying man was left receiving electric shocks to his heart for several hours from a ` zapper ' implant that doctors did n't know how to switch off .
francis woods , 67 , died at home after a short battle with tonsil cancer , but medics failed to turn off his implantable cardioverter defibrillator -lrb- icd -rrb- for several hours .
the ` heart-zapper ' implant delivers life-saving electric shocks if it detects an irregular heart rate - but can cause painful jolts when left active in dying patients .
francis woods -lrb- with wife eileen -rrb- continued receiving painful electric shocks to his heart for several hours from a ` zapper ' implant that medics did n't know how to switch off .
an out-of-hours gp came to mr woods ' house in partington , greater manchester , after he had discharged himself from st ann 's hospice in heald green , stockport - but did n't know how to deactivate the device .
the implant had been installed at wythenshawe hospital but bosses admitted they could n't provide the doctor with clear information on how to de-activate it .
the trust has its own guidelines for switching off icds on patients in hospital but they do not apply for patients who choose to die at home or in a hospice under the liverpool care pathway .
switching off the device involves .
holding a specialist magnet over the icd , which temporarily closes a .
magnetic switch incorporated in it .
to turn it off permanently , the device has to then be reprogrammed remotely using a ` wand ' attached to a computer .
the british heart foundation .
published official guidelines in 2009 recommending that health .
professionals have a ` responsibility ' to ensure any implanted device is .
de-activated in patients close to the point of death .
mr woods , 67 , died at home after a short battle with tonsil cancer , but medics failed to turn off his implantable cardioverter defibrillator -lrb- icd -rrb- for several hours , says his widow .
mr woods ' widow eileen , 65 , held talks .
with hospital chiefs following her husband 's death in