by .
james rush .
a giant sinkhole big enough to swallow a car has appeared in the middle of a detroit road in the latest reported case of craters opening up in the city 's streets .
the 10ft hole appeared over the weekend in a road in a busy neighbourhood on the west side of the city .
it is at least the fourth time a sinkhole has been reported to have appeared in detroit since january .
a sinkhole big enough to swallow a car appeared over the weekend in a street in the west side of detroit .
neighbours said the sinkhole has been a problem in the street for a number of weeks .
it caved in over the weekend and has now been taped off .
crews were today continuing attempts to repair the hole , the detroit water & sewerage department has said .
harsh winter conditions are believed to have caused several problems for detroit .
neighbours said the sinkhole has been a problem in the street for a number of weeks , wxyz detroit reported .
it caved in however over the weekend and has now been taped off .
crews were today continuing attempts to repair the hole , the detroit water & sewerage department has said .
harsh winter conditions are believed to have caused several problems for detroit and this is at least the fourth report of a sinkhole in the city since january .
greg eno , detroit water and sewerage department spokesman , told mailonline it was believed the latest hole was caused by a ` failed ' water pipe underneath a basin riser .
he said : ` the thinking is that it was a pipe that 's failed and then caused a backlog which eventually built up and it caved .
' just last month , with only moments between them , two cars found themselves trapped in the same sinkhole as fox 2 television cameras captured the accidents .
in march a massive sinkhole big enough to swallow five city buses opened beneath a busy detroit street .
inside the cavern was a criss-crossing matrix of pipes and utility lines that worried maintenance crews rushed to secure .
meanwhile , in march a massive sinkhole big enough to swallow five city buses opened beneath a busy detroit street .
inside .
the cavern