smells can influence our views - and a particularly pungent one can increase our conservatism and even change our views on same sex marriage , it has been claimed .
in a new study , titled ` disgust and the politics of sex , ' researchers say that an odour really can change our mind - and even change our religious views .
the team tested a range of view on people both with and without exposing them to noxious fumes .
a terrible smell can increase our conservatism and even change our views on same sex marriage , it has been claimed .
the researchers tested their theory with the use of a noxious smell .
of the 57 participants , consisting of community members and students recruited via an online ad and paid $ 10 for their time , 30 were randomly chosen for the control group and the remaining 27 were in the variable group .
the variable group was exposed to a stench caused by butyric acid , the smell found in rancid butter and sweat , that was placed on hidden cotton pads in the room .
` disgust has been implicated as a potential causal agent underlying socio-political attitudes and behaviors , ' the university of arkansas team wrote in the journal plos one .
` the present study tested the effects of disgust on a range of policy preferences to clarify whether disgust is generally implicated in political conservatism across public policy attitudes or is uniquely related to specific content domains .
' the team say their unusual research proved the theory .
` the study showed that exposure to a disgusting odor increased endorsement of socially conservative attitudes related to sexuality , ' they wrote .
` in particular , there was a strong and consistent link between induced disgust and less support for gay marriage .
' the researchers tested their theory with the use of a particularly offensive smell .
of the 57 participants , consisting of community members and students recruited via an online ad and paid $ 10 for their time , 30 were randomly chosen for the control group and the remaining 27 were in the variable group .
the variable group was exposed to a stench caused by butyric acid , the smell found in rancid butter and sweat , that was placed on hidden cotton