each tweet may only contain 140 characters , but these short posts contain enough information to reveal hidden clues about your personality .
a tool has been created that analyses the language used in up to 3,500 of these tweets posted by a user on the site .
from this it claims to be able to calculate how passionate , egoistical , materialistic and mischievous that particular user is .
scroll down to try the personality tool .
the language you use on the social media site twitter can provide an insight into your personality .
according to a survey of 1,000 twitter users , around 72 per cent had one of these hidden personas .
a third of those who took part were found to have a passionate persona while 26 per cent were materialistic and 16 per cent were subconsciously egotistic .
researchers have analysed exactly what makes a tweet get attention .
cornell researchers say a combination of language , positive and negative words and even asking people to retweet help .
they say the results of the study , which was partly funded by google , could not only improve your twitter performance , but also improve your chances in business meetings .
the researchers found nine key features most likely to generate retweets : .
dr sandra scott , a psychiatrist who has advised on big brother and i 'm a celebrity , developed the tool for red wine firm apothic wine .
she said : ` most of us have some aspect of ourselves which we are not fully aware of , a sort of ` hidden persona ' .
` it is interesting to see how we can unconsciously reveal this part of ourselves through the use of social media .
` it 's worth noting that just because we are not fully aware of this aspect of ourselves does not necessarily mean that it is something to shy away from .
` our ` hidden personas ' can sometimes make us appreciate ourselves more and reveal qualities that we like .
' the test has also shown that glasgow is home to the most egotistical people - 27 per cent , while edinburgh has the most passionate twitter users - 42 per cent .
cardiff was found to be the least passionate and brighton was the most materialistic .
dr scott said