by .
lydia warren .
published : .
07:41 est , 10 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:27 est , 10 october 2013 .
the colorado parents whose four children could only communicate in grunts when they were found living in a feces-ridden home previously had three other children taken from them , it has emerged .
wayne sperling , 66 , and lorinda bailey , 35 , were arrested and charged with four counts of felony child abuse after their four sons , aged two , four , five and six , were found living in a home littered with cat feces , flies and urine in denver last month .
records have now revealed that the couple also had three other children taken away from them in 2006 when they were discovered living in similarly appalling conditions during a welfare check .
police were called to the home after two of the children , then aged two and four , were seen playing in the road and officers found the apartment door open , with only an upstairs neighbor watching them with a sound monitor , the police report shows .
charged : wayne .
sperling , 66 , and lorinda bailey , 35 , were charged with child abuse after their sons were found in filthy conditions .
they pleaded guilty to child abuse in 2007 after 3 other kids were also mistreated .
officers found that the eldest child was unable to speak properly and would only grunt and point , usa today reported .
the children 's faces were black with dirt and they were hungry and surrounded by trash , rotting food and insects , the criminal complaint noted .
they were wearing unwashed clothing and ` reeked ' , it said .
sperling and bailey arrived home shortly afterwards with their three-month-old child and all three children were taken and put in protective care .
there are no details about their current whereabouts but they have different birth dates from the most recently found children , and records show all seven are the children of sperling and bailey .
lashing out : lorinda bailey shouts at reporters while walking from the denver justice center on the first day of her hearing on tuesday .
her four malnourished sons were found living in a feces-covered home .
the couple was later