by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
published : .
04:40 est , 5 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:42 est , 5 november 2013 .
us president john f kennedy would have urged britain to stay within the eu , former foreign secretary david miliband has claimed .
the ex-labour mp made the bizarre suggestion in speech to mark the 50th anniversary of the assassination of the former president .
mr miliband said he had ` no doubt ' that jfk would argue that britain should stay in the europe union and would back david cameron 's call for a ` deeper and stronger single market ' .
prediction : david miliband used his kennedy memorial trust lecture to claim jfk would want britain to stay in the eu .
as the current occupant of the white house , president barack obama has warned that america wants ` a strong uk in a strong eu ' .
the transatlantic debate about eu membership was triggered by mr cameron 's pledge to negotiate a fresh settlement with brussels , before holding an in-out referendum by 2017 .
delivering the kennedy memorial lecture last night , mr miliband said jfk - a distant relation of former tory prime minister harold macmillan - had a ` deep affection ' for britain .
speaking to an invited audience at the british library , mr miliband , said : ` he saw the assets that britain brought and should still bring to the european project .
i have no doubt he would want us there still .
' pro-eu : president john f. kennedy would argue that eruope is about more than the euro , mr miliband claimed .
mr miliband quit british politics after losing out on the labour leadership to his brother ed and is now president of the us-based international rescue committee .
he added : ` sitting as i now do in new york , there is bafflement at the idea that britain might leave an institution that costs # 1 per week per british citizen - and never mind the indirect benefits the cbi has talked about .
` it is taken as unhappy proof that we are thinking about opting out of the 21st century .
` the warnings to euro-sceptics from political and business leaders could not be clearer : opting out