mario balotelli was too hot for england in manaus .
he may not be in the class of luis suarez -- although he 's probably not inferior to the tune of # 59million , as their transfer fees suggest -- but he is still a goalscorer capable of defining a match from nowhere , and every title-chasing team needs at least one .
as football becomes increasingly mired in five-man midfields , the biggest games will be decided by one moment of individual genius .
there is no doubt balotelli is capable of providing that .
yet he is still a risk , no matter how many assurances his new employers require .
it is not what balotelli does that is the problem , but the tension his maverick presence can create .
inbound : will mario balotelli -lrb- left -rrb- and angel di maria -lrb- right -rrb- fire liverpool and manchester united to glory ?
deadly : balotelli wheels away after scoring for italy against england at the 2014 world cup in june .
popular : balotelli signs autographs for liverpool supporters after leaving melwood training ground on friday .
smile for the cameras : balotelli waves as he arrives at melwood for his medical on friday .
when balotelli was at manchester city it seemed the club was never out of the headlines .
it was n't ` why always me ?
' but ` why always us ?
' -- and there is enough pressure on liverpool already this season without balotelli drawing the eyes of the world to anfield .
it is no coincidence liverpool 's best season was also suarez 's quietest off the field .
liverpool need to go about their business this season with the minimum of commotion : balotelli has all the gift for tranquility of a 10-year-old with a birthday drum kit .
ordered off : former manchester city striker balotelli is shown a red card against arsenal in 2012 .
business as usual : liverpool players train at melwood on sunday ahead of their match against manchester city .
so , where does di maria fit in ?
angel di maria was as good as any player at real madrid last season , even cristiano ronaldo .
one imagines if coach carlo ancelotti had control over transfer policy he would not be on his way out .
madrid need to