by .
eleanor harding .
published : .
20:04 est , 5 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
20:07 est , 5 september 2013 .
they are possibly the most famous pair of lovers ever .
but romeo and juliet may not be as well-matched as previously thought - if modern dating standards are anything to do by .
match-making experts have analysed the psychological profiles of the shakespearean duo and concluded that their love might not have been worth dying for after all .
researchers subjected their personalities to the same analysis used to match modern-day couples .
they said the fictional lovers were poorly suited and added that juliet would actually be better suited to mr darcy , the hero of jane austen 's pride and prejudice .
literary lovers : juliet -lrb- as portrayed by claire danies in baz luhrmann 's rome and juliet -rrb- is better suited to mr darcy -lrb- as portrayed by colin firth -rrb- .
meanwhile , they said romeo would have done much better with a girl like bella swan , played by kristen stewart in the twilight films .
the pair were two of the 60 fictional characters studied by experts at the dating website eharmony , which helps lonely hearts to meet like-minded potential partners .
the website uses an algorithm to match people with each other based on details they have uploaded onto their profile .
each character was scored on key personality dimensions needed for a successful relationship , including emotional temperament , social style and relationship skills .
a spokesman said : ` romeo and juliet would n't have lasted too long as a couple .
he is far too superficial for her in terms of the way he judges his partners and romeo would n't have understood juliet 's needs or sympathised with her after the initial spark wore off .
` importantly , neither can depend on the people around them which would have a knock-on effect in terms of how they would trust each other in the long term .
' they added that romeo and bella swan would be better suited because they both display neurotic characteristics .
romeo 's ideal lover would be bella from twilight .
sensitive and dependable mr darcy would make a great match for juliet because both are conscientious and appreciate regularity in their lives .