by .
phil vinter .
published : .
06:47 est , 21 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
08:13 est , 21 september 2012 .
chris kiwomya whose son lucas died at the family home last night .
a former premier league star has been left heartbroken after the sudden death of his young son .
seven-year-old lucas kiwomya , the son of ex arsenal , ipswich and qpr striker chris , suffered serious breathing problems at the family home in lawford , essex .
an ambulance was called to the family 's .
home at 7.13 pm on wednesday and paramedics treated lucas at the scene but he later died at colchester general hospital .
tributes are pouring in for the football-loving youngster who died after doctors had battled to save him .
a spokesman for highfields primary school , in manningtree , where lucas was a pupil , said everyone at the school was devastated by the untimely death of the much respected and well-loved student .
they said : ` lucas was a delightful boy , with a ready smile and an infectious giggle .
` he loved school and was always keen to do his best .
he will be very sadly missed by staff and pupils alike .
' tributes are also pouring into the social networking site twitter .
brantham athletic fc , where lucas ' brother jourdan plays , said : ` bafc would like to wish under 16/18 player jourdan kiwomya and all the kiwomya family their condolences at this sad time .
' tributes are pouring in for the football-loving son of chris kiwomya seen hear playing for qpr in 1999 .
brendan burgess wrote : ` give a rt -lsb- re-tweet -rsb- to show your respect to chris kiwomya 's son who sadly lost his life last night .
' henry saddington tweeted : ` all our thoughts are with you and your family - stay strong , we 'll all be here .
' huddersfield-born kiwomya played for ipswich town from 1987 until 1995 and is the current development squad manager at league one side notts county .
kiwomya went on to play for arsenal from 1995-98 before spells with qpr and grimsby town .
he also played in france , denmark and malaysia and was reserve team coach at ipswich from 2008 until 2011 .