she only unveiled her new lingerie range last week but rosie huntington-whiteley , one of the uk 's hardest working models , is back - this time modelling m&s ' new spring collection .
sporting soft pale pink knits , a chic polka dot shirt and a racy leather pencil skirt , the 27-year-old looks every inch the stylish star in the new photos .
the pieces , which are taken from the brand 's autograph range , launched in stores nationwide this week .
rosie huntington whiteley is starring in the spring campaign for m&s 's autograph range .
in the striking shots , the star still has her signature long locks , although she recently went for the chop and now has a fashionable long bob -lrb- or ` lob ' -rrb- hairdo .
the model enlisted the help of london-based hairdresser george northwood to create the style and his sister sally to colour her hair in time for the new year .
writing on twitter , rosie said : ` ready for 2015 equipped with a fresh new do !
thank you @georgenorthwood @sallynorthwood #bethereorhavebadhair .
' the 27-year-old looks chic modelling the store 's new autograph range , including floral bodycon dresses .
rosie is pretty in the store 's lightweight beige trench coats , casual boyfriend jeans and pared-back shirts .
this all-pink look is one of the highlights and includes a chic pair of fashionable silver flats .
but while rosie might have new hair , unlike the rest of us , she has no plans to go on a traditional new year diet .
the 27-year-old , who also fronted coca cola life 's new campaign , says that while she does swear by all things clean and lean , she allows herself sweet treats too .
` i 'm travelling all the time so it 's hard to find a balance and eat healthily , ' she explained .
' i really love my food - i 'm always being tempted by room service and i eat out a lot - but i try and eat organic with natural ingredients .
` at home i cook as clean and healthy as possible , so when i 'm out i can enjoy a pudding or a glass of wine and actually enjoy myself .
' slim rosie does n't deny herself the odd