by .
michael zennie .
aj mccarron - who helped lead the alabama crimson tide to three national championships as quarterback - thought he was sure to be a first-round nfl draft pick - second round at worst .
when he was finally drafted by the cincinnati bengals in the fifth round saturday - 164th overall pick - he unleashed a massive twitter rant against his critics and reports that he ` rubbed teams the wrong way .
' mccarron - who is known nearly as much for his bikini model fiance katherine webb as he is for on-the-field heroics - revealed that he played through several injuries at the university of alabama and ` sacrificed a lot ' to make the team successful .
scroll down for video .
pick me !
former alabama crimson tide quarterback aj mccarron was selected in the fifth round of the nfl draft by the cincinnati bengals .
rant : after he was picked , mccarron went on a twitter tirade about his critics and reports that ` personality problems ' prevented him from going higher in the draft .
' i never said i did n't love my time at bama i said myself & other guys played through a lot of injuries for our great university & for fans .
. ' he tweeted .
` to hear people make up rumors ab you that are n't true .
that 's what sucks when you sacrificed so much for your team & university while there !
' in april , he told an alabama radio show that ` pretty much everyone ' told him that he 'd be picked by an nfl team in the first round or early in the second round of the draft .
but , according to al.com , criticism began to mount when the draft went into the fourth and fifth rounds without any teams choosing the 23-year-old alabama native .
one epsn radio announcer reported that scouts saw potential in him , but team managers found he ` rubbed them the wrong way ' in interviews .
excited : on the first day of the draft , mccarron 's girlfriend katherine webb posted a quote from scripture : ` for i know the plans i have for you ... plans to prosper you and not to harm you , plans to give you hope and