sainsbury 's has blamed a supermarket price war that has cut the cost of food for the first annual fall in christmas sales in at least a decade .
the chain said shoppers put just as much food in their baskets over the festive period , however they were paying less than a year ago .
the net effect is that same store sales in the three months to january 3 were down by 1.7 per cent on the same period the year before .
sainsbury 's has blamed their fall in christmas sales on the price war among supermarkets in the uk .
the news gives some insight as to how the rise of the budget chains aldi and lidl have fundamentally changed food shopping , dragging mainstream rivals like sainsbury 's , tesco , asda and morrisons into a genuine price war .
figures due to published by tesco this morning are expected to confirm that its christmas sales have fallen for the second year in a row , which will add to the air of crisis around the uk 's biggest supermarket .
the company has issued a series of profit warnings and lost a whole raft of senior management over claims its accounts were rigged to inflate profits , so misleading investors .
sainsbury 's has been forced to respond to the budget store threat by announcing a series of permanent price cuts on food essentials , from bread and butter to roasting chickens , worth # 150million .
it has also cancelled the building of more than 40 ` big box ' supermarkets as consumers move away from doing one weekly big shop towards using local convenience stores more often .
sainsbury 's said shoppers put just as much food in their baskets over the festive period , however they were paying less than a year ago .
asda has also announced cuts worth # 300m , while tesco is expected to step up its price cuts in the coming weeks .
sainsbury 's like-for-like sales for the 14 weeks to january 3 fell by 1.7 % , an improvement on the 2.8 % dip seen in the second quarter and a better performance than analysts expected .
it was the fourth successive quarter of decline and the first time sainsbury 's has reported a fall over its third quarter , which includes the festive