by .
leon watson .
updated : .
15:11 est , 3 january 2013 .
a fortune teller who tries to predict the future using asparagus today unveiled her top tips for 2013 - including another royal wedding and yet more wet weather .
mystic jemima packington , 57 , is the world 's only asparamancer and claims to see the future by tossing the spears into the air and interpreting how they land .
she has made dozens of accurate predictions in recent years , including the demise of gordon brown , the credit crunch , and kate middleton 's pregnancy - but there have been a few duds along the way too .
scroll down for video .
future tips : mystic jemima packington predicts the future using asparagus .
asparamancer : jemima packington , tosses the spears into the air and makes her predictions based on how they fall - like ancient rune castors .
for example , last year she said an animal will win an oscar , which is impossible because animals are ineligible , and the asparagus crop will fare better - which it did n't .
today , she made her predictions for 2013 which include greece leaving the euro and another tsunami for the far east .
jemima , who is originally from pershore , worcestershire , but now lives in bath , somerset , said : ` it might sound silly to some people but my readings are very accurate .
' i have been doing readings using asparagus since i was eight years old .
` my great aunt read tea leaves and i have inherited her gift .
' jemima only uses fresh worcestershire asparagus grown in the vale of evesham - the uk 's main supplier of the vegetable .
jemima packington has made dozens of accurate predictions in recent years , including the demise of gordon brown , the credit crunch , and kate middleton 's pregnancy .
last year she correctly predicted the .
royal pregnancy for kate and william , olympic success for britain and a .
dismal performance for the england football team at euro 2012 .
she picks a handful of tips , tosses them into the air and ` reads ' the shapes they form when they land .
one .
of jemima 's most remarkable predictions was that gordon brown would