by .
helen lawson .
published : .
03:37 est , 1 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:34 est , 1 april 2013 .
amazon has come under fire for listing products for sale that claim they can cure cancer .
the products , available to order from third parties through amazon 's uk website , include dried crocodile 's blood pills , apricot kernels and blood cleansers .
among their listings , they claim to be able to ` relieve ' cancer and ` give cancer cells a hard time ' .
a listing for bob 's best apricot kernels claimed they could ` give cancer a hard time ' -lrb- file photo -rrb- .
the 1939 cancer act bans adverts that claim to offer cures or treatments for the disease .
the items were only taken down from the site after the times newspaper contacted the medicines and healthcare products regulatory agency , two weeks after amazon was told about the listings .
pharmacology professor david colquhoun , of university college london , told the newspaper : ` the real danger is that people will believe the hucksters and take only things like these .
' orders for one of the products , indian madder sold by ayur organics and herbs uk , were fulfilled by amazon uk itself , meaning the items are posted from one of its own warehouses .
a listing for dried crocodile blood supplement claimed the pills could ` relieve ' cancer .
indian madder claimed to be a ` blood .
cleanser ' while bob 's best apricot kernels , sold by karowi , said it .
gives cancer cells ' a hard time ' .
in 2006 , the food standards agency warned that apricot kernels can produce cyanide and could be fatal in high doses over a .
short period of time .
wanithai dried crocodile blood supplement , sold by sabuy my shop , claimed to ` relieve ' cancer .
professor colquhoun called the claims about their medical properties ` absurd ' .
when approached by mailonline this morning , a spokesman for amazon uk responded with : ' i can confirm that those items are not available for sale .
' he did not comment on why it had taken so long to remove the products from the site .