by .
matt chorley .
and sean poulter .
shifting blame : ofgem rejected the claims by npower chief executive paul massara , pictured .
parents would be able to cut their energy bills if their children learned to turn off their lights , tvs and ipods , the head of npower claimed today .
chief executive paul massara claimed even his own teenage daughters wasted electricity , and people must stop fewer power something than can be easily wasted .
he also tried to shift the blame for higher charges from the industry to the government , claiming eco-schemes are the biggest driver of costs .
green taxes will more than double by 2020 , pushing up bills to # 1,500-a-year , the german-owned firm claimed today .
but mr massara courted controversy when he suggested gas and electricity bills are high only because households waste so much power .
` the reality is that we have some of the cheapest prices in europe but our bills are some of the highest because our houses are old and not insulated .
' he told bbc radio 4 's today programme .
` it 's interesting .
i have two teenage daughters .
they have been brought up in a generation that has looked at energy efficiency , that has looked at climate change .
` they would never dream of walking out of a bathroom leaving the taps running .
and yet my teenage daughters will walk out of a room and leave the lights on and their ipod playing and the tv on quite happily .
` so i do think we need to change our approach and the way we think about energy waste .
' saying he wanted to dispel myths and restore trust , he insisted suppliers were responsible for only 20 per cent of a bill .
he added : ` the actual unit price of energy in the uk is one of the lowest in europe -- but bills are high because british houses waste so much energy .
` if we can increase the efficiency of the uk 's old and draughty housing , we can ensure that annual energy bills are some of the lowest too .
' the chief executive 's claims were immediately rejected by industry regulator ofgem .
a spokesman said : ` their data on network costs