the trial of six young iranians accused of ` hurting public chastity ' after they danced around to pharrell williams ' hit song happy for a youtube video has started in tehran .
amnesty international uk 's head of campaigns , champa patel , condemned the trial and told mailonline : ` arresting people for dancing in a video tribute to a song called happy is taking things to a new level of dark irony even for the authoritarian iranian authorities .
` iran already stamps all over freedom of expression , banning the use of satellite dishes , filtering the internet , and jailing journalists , artists and film directors .
the authorities should stop persecuting these people and drop this ludicrous case against them .
' scroll down for video .
the young people were publicly shamed as their interrogation was aired on iranian television along with clips of their video .
veiled : the three women from the video were seen veiled in the interrogation footage .
the friends were arrested in may after police took offense at the video , which shows three men and three unveiled women dancing in the streets and on the rooftops of tehran .
a description for the video said : ` we have made this video as pharrell williams ' fans in 8hrs , with iphone 5s .
` happy ' was an excuse to be happy .
we enjoyed every second of making it .
hope it puts a smile on your face .
' williams protested the arrests on facebook , posting : ` it is beyond sad that these kids were arrested for trying to spread happiness .
' the video titled ` happy in tehran ' features the group dancing in various locales just as in the original and is one of hundreds of covers of the hit made by fans around the world .
but after the video hit youtube and racked up close to 200,000 views with the help of western news sites like the huffington post , authorities hunted down its stars , interrogated them in footage seen across the country and threw them in jail , though they were later released on bail .
` after a vulgar clip which hurt public chastity was released in cyberspace , police decided to identify those involved in making that clip , ' said tehran