rev al sharpton was in an oversharing mood wednesday when he denied fathering the troubled teenage son of a prominent city hall official who had worked for him in the past .
sharpton made the unprompted remarks during a press conference about his tax debt troubles .
a report published by the new york times suggested that the 60-year-old mr sharpton and his non-profit businesses owed as much as $ 4.5 mllion to the internal revenue service in unpaid state and federal taxes .
the kid is not my son : unprompted , rev al sharpton -lrb- left -rrb- denied wednesday fathering the troubled teenage son of city hall official rachael noerdlinger -lrb- right -rrb- .
it was n't him : ms noerdlinger stated that her son , khari -lrb- pictured -rrb- , was born in 1996 , more than two years before she first met rev sharpton .
after blasting the times ' front-page piece about his financial foibles as ` misleading ' because it failed to emphasize that much of that figure stems from penalties and back taxes that are steadily being paid down as part of settlement , sharpton unexpectedly brought up rachel noerdlinger .
noerdlinger , 44 , the chief of staff to mayor bill de blasio 's wife , announced tuesday that she would be taking time off following the friday night arrest of her 17-year-old son , khari , on a trespassing charge .
the civil rights activist and msnbc host , who is married with two children , told the assembled reporters that he has reached out to ms noerdlinger , his former press secretary , to talk to her about her son .
` i 'm concerned , i watched him grow up , ' sharpton said , according to the new york post .
` ironically , about eight months ago , a reporter was running around trying to prove that i was khari 's father .
you remember that .
high-ranking : rachel noerdlinger , 44 , is the chief of staff to the new york mayor 's first lady chirlane mccray .
pictured : noerdlinger and her 17-year-old son khari .
off topic : sharpton made the comments about noerdlinger , his former employee , while addressing his alleged irs troubles concerning $ 4.5 million in liens .
` we 've been through all of this before .
i