vincent kompany and fernandinho could be back in manchester city 's line-up at burnley , with the club playing down reports they were dropped after a dressing-room spat .
the pair became embroiled in a heated argument at half-time during the champions ' 2-1 defeat at liverpool earlier this month .
both were omitted from the starting xi for the following match against leicester .
but city say the row had nothing to do with manuel pellegrini 's selection and the warring duo could be back in the line-up for saturday 's match at turf moor .
vincent kompany -lrb- left -rrb- and fernandinho were involved in a dressing-room row at liverpool .
kompany looked at ease during manchester city training alongside edin dzeko -lrb- left -rrb- on wednesday .
kompany was dropped to the bench when manchester city hosted leicester city last week .
kompany attempts to tackle raheem sterling during city 's 2-1 defeat by liverpool three days earlier .
tempers flared at anfield when city returned to the dressing room with the score 1-1 .
in the build-up to liverpool 's opener , midfielder fernandinho sold defender kompany short with a poor pass before jordan henderson scored .
` fernandinho had a go at vinnie and he went right back at him , ' a city insider told sportsmail .
` he was raging .
others had to get involved to stop it .
' according to reports , pellegrini sided with the brazilian , which prompted more fury from kompany before team-mates stepped in .
city declined to comment on the incident , but strongly deny it influenced pellegrini 's decision to rest fernandinho and bench kompany for the 2-0 win over leicester .
fernandinho started the game against liverpool but was dropped out of the squad for the next game .
city captain kompany trains before his side 's premier league clash with leicester .
kompany , who signed a new five-year contract last summer following a 2008 move from hamburg , was an unused substitute for the following match , a 2-0 win over bottom-of-the-table leicester city , with pellegrini claiming he needed to freshen his side up .
brazilian fernandinho , a # 34m signing from shakhtar donetsk in 2013 , was left out of the squad altogether .
manchester city declined to comment on the incident .
however , they are understood