it 's shaping up to be one of the tightest u.s. presidential elections in history .
but it seem there would be one clear winner if the rest of the world were to get to vote .
a poll of more than 570,000 people across the globe has revealed non-americans want barack obama to remain president of the united states .
head to head : president barack obama , left , is more popular around the globe than us republican presidential hopeful mitt romney , right , according to a new survey .
research , conducted across 36 countries outside the us , revealed 81 per cent were in favour of obama spending another four years in office .
and only 19 per cent preferred his republican challenger mitt romney , according to the findings from msn .
interestingly , the only country that would prefer romney as the next president was china - with 52 per cent voting in his favour .
in the uk , obama came out with a huge 85 per cent of the vote .
down to the wire : president barack obama rallies support during a campaign stop , today , ahead of tuesday 's election .
final push : republican presidential nominee and former massachusetts governor mitt romney arrives at a campaign rally in cleveland , ohio , today , in the last push for votes before the 57th u.s. election .
romney 's failure to win fans here has been put down to his comments over britain being unready for the olympics this summer .
duncan hooper , managing editor of msn news & sport , said : ` mitt romney lost all hope of winning britons ' hearts after suggesting the country was n't ready to host the olympics .
` he made so many gaffes during a visit to london that it became known as the `` romneyshambles '' .
` barack obama is still remembered as the man who represented a significant and welcome change after the much maligned george w bush 's eight years in the white house .
` obama 's struggles on the domestic scene have gone largely unreported over here compared with his dignified and well-timed overseas visits .
' argentina : 83 % obama , 17 % romneyaustria : 93 % obama , 7 % romneybelgium : 93 % obama , 7 % romneybrazil