by .
sam webb .
published : .
13:33 est , 30 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:40 est , 30 november 2013 .
peter thomas maine , 56 , from wynyard , stockton-on-tees , who was found dead with stab wounds near a sports centre in durham .
a solicitor found dying on a footpath near a sports centre may have stabbed himself , police said .
peter maine , 56 , was discovered opposite the running track at maiden castle sports centre in durham just after 8am on sunday september 1 .
he had three wounds to his chest and was confirmed dead shortly after being taken to university hospital of north durham .
the father-of-two , who lived in wynyard village near stockton , was one of a number of people arrested in a long-running investigation into alleged mortgage fraud across the north east , durham police said .
in october , 14 people appeared before magistrates in darlington charged in connection with the investigation and are on bail from the court .
detective chief inspector steve chapman said he is continuing to keep an open mind about the solicitor 's death and that he could not rule out any plausible explanation for how he came to receive his injuries .
` this remains very much an active investigation into how and why peter maine died .
no conclusions have been reached and i remain focused on all reasonable scenarios , ' he said .
` from day one we have always acknowledged the possibility peter 's wounds may have been self-inflicted , and that remains the case .
` however , there are other equally plausible lines of inquiry , which include third-party involvement , which are being actively progressed .
' police at the scene near maiden castle sports centre .
the solicitor was being investigated for alleged professional abuses .
numerous searches , many using specialist equipment , were made of the riverbank and of the water itself in the hope of finding whatever weapon or implement was used .
more than 30 witnesses have been traced and spoken to who were in the maiden castle or surrounding area at the relevant times on the sunday morning .
numerous searches , many using specialist equipment , were made of the riverbank and of the water itself in the hope of finding