alex tillinghast is clearly not a man to waste his time with the simple shots when on the basketball court - it 's spectacular or nothing .
the first-year student at drake university in des moines , iowa won himself a truck after making a miraculous half-way line shot on the buzzer during a half-time challenge at a college basketball match .
the odds were stacked against tillinghast when he was picked out the crowd at drake 's bulldog madness event on tuesday night .
drake university first year student alex tillinghast won himself a truck by completing a basketball challenge .
the student sank a miraculous shot from half-court with just one second left on the clock to win the prize .
tillinghast was mobbed by drake players and fans after achieving the incredible feat .
he had to score with a lay-up , a free throw , a three-pointer and then the half-court shot - all within 30 seconds - to win the ford f-150 worth # 32,000 .
and it 's fair to say things did n't start too brilliantly for the mop-haired , cargo pant-wearing fresher as he missed the lay-up shot , the easiest of the lot , not once but twice .
he finally did it and then nailed the free throw on the first attempt , giving himself plenty of time to sink the three-pointer .
just as well because tillinghast , clearly not a baller , needed quite a few goes to make the shot count .
things had not started too well for the student , who needed three attempts to make a simple lay-up shot .
the third part of the challenge was to score with a three-pointer and tillinghast needed quite a few goes .
everyone wanted to join tillinghast in his celebrations after completing the challenge .
then , against all the odds with just five seconds remaining , he somehow summoned all the good fortune in the world to score from half-way with a once-in-a-lifetime shot , sparking delirious scenes as the drake team and fans ran over to mob him .
as tillinghast proves , it 's sometimes better to have lady luck on your side than actually be good at something .