the syrian air force has destroyed two fighter jets belonging to the islamic state just days after observers claimed to have witnessed the terror group training fighters to use them .
monitoring groups in the war-ravaged country last week claimed to have seen the fanatics flying three captured warplanes over short distances from an airbase in aleppo - understood to be the first time isis has taken to the sky .
this morning syria 's information minister omran zoabi told state news agency sana that the air force had already destroyed two of the planes and is continuing to search for the third jet .
scroll down for video .
fighter : this morning syria 's information minister omran zoabi told state news agency sana that the country 's air force -lrb- pictured -rrb- had destroyed two of the planes in isis ' hands , and continues to search for the third jet .
on friday the uk-based syrian observatory for human rights said isis had been flying warplanes over the captured al-jarrah military airport east of aleppo .
iraqi pilots trained under former iraqi president saddam hussein were said to have joined isis and were conducting training flights in three fighter jets that had been seized from the syrian regime .
this morning zoabi said the syrian air force was searching for the third jet but had destroyed two of them - the first time damascus has acknowledged that islamic state have taken to the air .
` regarding ... that terrorists control three jets in al-jarrah military air base in aleppo , there are three old aircraft that the terrorists were testing so the syrian arab army immediately destroyed two of them on the runway as they were landing .
' ` it does not worry us and -lsb- the planes -rsb- can not be used , ' he said , referring to their military capability .
power : isis has been steadily building a full-equipped military - including large tanks , such as the one pictured here in raqqa -rrb- .
much of the equipment in their possession has been seized from syrian regime forces .
on friday rami abdulrahman , who runs the syrian observatory for human rights , said the militants ` have trainers , iraqi officers who were pilots before for saddam hussein .
' ` people saw the flights , they went up