darren clarke admitted it would be remiss of him not to put his personal differences with paul mcginley to one side and seek advice from his predecessor after being named europe 's ryder cup captain for 2016 .
the 46-year-old , who played in the biennial contest five times and was a vice-captain in 2010 and 2012 , was unanimously chosen ahead of miguel angel jimenez and thomas bjorn by a five-man selection panel at wentworth .
` to be captain of the european team is a huge honour that ranks up there with anything i 've achieved in the professional game .
it 's right up at the very top , ' former open champion clarke said .
darren clarke looks in good spirits after being announced as europe 's captain for the 2016 ryder cup .
clarke on the phone moments after being announced as europe 's new ryder cup captain .
clarke -lrb- right -rrb- is given his kit after he was given the nod ahead of miguel angle jimenez and thomas bjorn .
the selection panel consisted of the three most recent captains - mcginley , jose maria olazabal and colin montgomerie - along with european tour chief executive george o'grady and players ' representative david howell .
mcginley and clarke 's relationship has been severely strained since clarke put himself forward for the 2014 captaincy , having previously sent mcginley a letter supporting the dubliner 's candidacy .
and when tom watson was named us captain in december 2012 , clarke suggested montgomerie should also be considered as ` whoever it is standing on that stage opposite tom watson needs a huge presence ' .
mcginley admitted last year his conversations with clarke were now ` short and sweet ' but clarke will consult mcginley after the dubliner 's leadership at gleneagles received widespread acclaim .
` it would be very foolish for me not to follow the same formula , ' clarke said .
` with everything that came out of gleneagles and the unbelievable job that paul did there , i would be foolish not to speak to paul and all the other captains before that .
clarke puts on his new top during the dimension data pro-am in george , south africa .
-lrb- from left to right -rrb- jose maria olazabal , david howell , paul mcginley , george o'grady and