inter milan boss roberto mancini has revealed he would be interested in signing lucas leiva if liverpool were keen on selling the brazilian midfielder .
` lucas is a great player but he is a liverpool player and it will be hard to get him , ' said mancini .
` it certainly would be useful to us as he could help our youngsters grow .
' the brazilian star has started in six premier league games for liverpool and is under contract with the reds until june 2017 .
inter milan boss roberto mancini has revealed he would be interested in signing liverpool 's lucas leiva .
liverpool midfielder lucas has started just six premier league games so far this season .
inter milan , on the other hand , have dismissed reports they are interested in signing tottenham winger aaron lennon during the winter transfer window .
the italian outfit are looking to reinforce their attacking line when the window opens in the new year , but the england international is not one of their targets despite media speculation in england suggesting otherwise .
` lennon ?
we are not interested in the tottenham player , ' inter sporting director piero ausilio told his club 's official website .
` he does not have the profile we are looking for .
` when you build a team you follow the guidelines of the coach at the same and that is what we did .
` now we have a new coach -lrb- roberto mancini -rrb- and we will see what we can do in the transfer market in january .
` we will try to make the coach happy although we and our fans need to be realistic as we must respect our financial plan .
' mancini has refuted claims he is keen on signing tottenham winger aaron lennon .
mancini , who replaced the sacked walter mazzarri last month to return to inter for a second stint , also denied an interest in lennon .
the 27-year-old midfielder has had limited playing time under spurs coach boss mauricio pochettino , starting just three premier league games this season .
` we have not spoken about lennon but about other players , ' mancini said .
` we will see what we are able to do .
' -lrb- atletico madrid winger alessio -rrb- cerci ?
he