by .
allan hall .
and michael leidig .
published : .
21:50 est , 2 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
02:45 est , 3 april 2013 .
natascha kampusch 's father ludwig koch claims a second man was involved in his daughter 's kidnapping and accuses austrian police of covering up errors .
the father of natascha kampusch has accused her kidnapper 's best friend of being his accomplice in a book that also claims austrian authorities covered up a catalogue of police errors in the case .
a secret fbi report into police .
cover-ups over the kidnapping is due to be made public this month .
justice officials were .
forced to call in neutral investigators from the us agency after .
natascha 's father ludwig koch accused local police of widespread .
political corruption .
he says the strategy to ` avoid a police scandal ' allowed the kidnapper 's alleged accomplice ernst holzapfel to escape .
natascha was snatched off the streets of a vienna suburb in 1998 as a 10-year-old girl on her way to school .
she escaped eight-and-a-half years .
later after enduring years of confinement in a basement cell and sexual .
abuse at the hands of her abductor wolfgang priklopil .
holzapfel claimed he was ` only a business associate of priklopil , and had little to do with him privately ' .
but koch discovered that the pair .
had nicknames for each other - ` woody ' for holzapfel and ` wolfi ' for .
priklopil - and went on skiing holidays together , spent every new .
year 's eve together , met regularly in the evenings to go to bars and .
play billiards .
holzapfel 's sister margit .
wendelberger even had a relationship with priklopil and a child by him , according to police files .
she denies the claims - but can not explain why she dealt with his funeral arrangements and legal affairs or why her daughter inherited one of his three properties .
koch 's claims were detailed in his .
best-selling book missing , based on 57,000 police files put in the .
public domain by his lawyer .
natascha 's father claims that police .
were ordered to cover up bungles in the original investigation to .
protect the discredited interior minister liese prokop from a