by .
associated press reporter .
and daily mail reporter .
cleveland browns wide .
receiver josh gordon was arrested and charged with driving while .
intoxicated after speeding down a street in raleigh on saturday , .
bringing the troubled pro bowler 's already cloudy future into more .
doubt .
the arrest was revealed shortly after gordon posted a run of pics of wild partying in florida to his instagram , including a shot of the nfl star in the airport with a caption saying he ` had to get outta miami .
' gordon was taken into custody after .
being pulled over for going 50 mph in a 35 mph zone on u.s. 70 in .
northwest raleigh around 3 a.m. saturday , police spokesman jim sughrue .
said .
cleveland browns wide receiver josh gordon was taken into custody after being pulled over for going 50 mph in a 35 mph zone on u.s. 70 in northwest raleigh around 3 a.m. saturday .
gordon was released on a $ 500 court bond , paid for by haydn ` fats ' thomas -lrb- not pictured -rrb- a convicted felon who was given a suspended sentence after pleading guilty to gun and drug charges in november .
the police report on gordon 's arrest .
was n't finished , so sughrue did n't know what type of vehicle gordon was .
driving or what led the officer to suspect he had been drinking .
espn reports that upon being asked if the dwi charge was for alcohol or a separate drug sughrue said he could not comment on either the tests given to gordon or the results .
wncn reports that his blood-alcohol level was .09 - above the north carolina legal limit of .08 - and that he admitted to having three drinks with vodka .
gordon was released on a $ 500 court bond , paid for by haydn ` fats ' thomas , a convicted felon who was given a suspended sentence after pleading guilty to gun and drug charges in november .
court records did not list an attorney .
gordon posted a photo from the airport writing he ` had to get outta miami ' the .
23-year-old wide receiver has been in trouble before off the field .
he .
was suspended two games last season for violating the nfl 's