a man armed with two knives went on the rampage at a chinese primary school killing three children , reportedly after his daughter was barred from returning because she had n't finished her summer assignments .
several others were injured in the attack , some seriously , and the man threw himself off the school 's top floor to his death afterwards .
the atrocity took place on the first day of the new school term .
horror : the father of a pupil at a chinese primary school went on the rampage there , killing three , before throwing himself off this building to his death .
the suspect was a parent of a student , and he attacked the children because the school did not let his daughter register for the new term because she had not completed her summer homework , state broadcaster cctv reported on its microblog .
the man entered the school , in shiyan city of hubei province , saying he had to register his daughter , cctv said , citing the initial police investigation .
after the attack , the man killed himself by jumping out of the school building , state media said .
violent crime is rare in china compared with many other countries but there have been a series of attacks on schools and children in recent years .
emergency response : a police vehicle in attendance at the scene of the crime .
the attacks have led to much soul-searching and calls for measures to improve security at schools in a country were many couples only have one child .
the attacker on monday injured a teacher and eight children , three of whom died on their way to the hospital , cctv said .
a government official in shiyan , contacted by telephone , declined to comment on the attack .
in may , a knife-wielding man stabbed and injured eight students in a primary school in another city in hubei .
in december 2012 , a man barged into a village primary school in the central province of henan and stabbed and injured 23 children.school guards in china are often not equipped or trained to stop such attacks .