earlier today it was reported that britain could be heading for a winter strewn with power cuts as an extreme cold snap heads the country 's way .
but one company has a solution to at least let you see clearly during an outage with a light bulb that uses a battery to keep itself on .
in the event of a power cut it will automatically switch to battery power to keep shining for up to three hours , during which time one would hope the power had returned .
scroll down for video .
a lightbulb made by litonics ltd in wales could let people see in blackouts .
called iviti on -lrb- shown -rrb- it has an in-built battery that lasts for up to three hours .
it charges when power is up and the light is on as normal .
but when the power goes it automatically switches to battery mode .
the product is called iviti on and uses technology invented by litonics ltd in knighton , powys , wales .
` iviti on automatic switching has the single aim of ensuring that users are not left in the dark should the electricity supply fail , ' the company writes on their website .
today experts warned that britain must brace itself for power shortages if the country is hit by a severe winter .
after a rush to close coal-fired power stations to meet green targets , a deep freeze means mothballed oil and gas power stations could have to be restarted and factories paid to shut down to preserve power .
business leaders warned that for too long , the uk has failed to plan properly to keep the lights on , as the national grid revealed the average gap between supply and demand will be just 4.1 per cent - the narrowest in eight years .
the national grid report said the country will be eating into its most basic reserve power if there is extreme weather .
the appliance operates similarly to existing light bulbs until it detects the power is gone , when it automatically switches to battery operation .
this enables it to stay on independently for up to three hours until the power returns .
and it can also distinguish between a power cut and someone just flicking the light switch , so people will easily be able