clad in a red sweatshirt with a special message , the little boy searched anxiously for his father amid a sea of camouflage and tam o'shanters .
luckily , father and son were soon reunited as corporal scott boyle spotted his two-year-old son - also called scott - and gathered him up in his arms .
the little boy beamed as he was hugged by his father , home again after eight months in helmand province .
in a red sweatshirt , scott boyle , two , searches anxiously for this father among a sea of camouflage .
together again : corporal scott boyle spotted his son through the crowd and gathered him up in his arms .
beaming : little scott was full of love and pride for his father , who has returned home after eight months in helmand province .
to mark their return , the royal .
highland fusiliers , 2nd battalion of the royal regiment of scotland , .
marched in a homecoming parade through ayr town centre yesterday .
a .
bystander said : ` he was delighted to see his dad -- he ran up the road .
to him , his arms outstretched .
his dad , who seemed a bit shy , picked him .
up and hugged him .
his mum looked delighted .
' the .
battalion of around 400 soldiers attended a service at the auld kirk of .
ayr , before parading through the town and disbanding to meet loved ones .
at the town hall .
the local council honoured the battalion with the freedom of south ayrshire as a mark of respect .
however , the day was tinged with sadness for those who did n't make it back from helmand -- where three soldiers were killed and a further six injured when a patrol was struck by a bomb .
lieutenant colonel robin lindsay , commanding officer , said : ` 2 scots are delighted to be home from a hard tour and to be reunited with our loved ones .
` however , our thoughts have been and will continue to be with the families of the three soldiers who were killed on operations .
` we have been overwhelmed by the exceptional support received from local communities .
it is an honour to accept the freedom of south ayrshire .
' the