ed miliband was last night forced to publicly deny that labour 's chances of winning the general election would be boosted if he was replaced by alan johnson .
the labour leader , who is facing a revolt over his ` complacent ' strategy for winning power , dismissed suggestions that health spokesman andy burnham was also plotting to succeed him .
both mr johnson , 64 , and mr burnham , who ran in the last labour leadership campaign , have been touted as potential replacements .
there were claims last night that mr johnson would take the top job if it was offered in a ` coronation ' rather than a contested election .
alan johnson -lrb- left -rrb- , has been touted as a possible replacement for incumbent labour leader ed miliband -lrb- right -rrb- .
the charismatic former home secretary insisted his answer to those urging him to make a leadership bid was : ` no , no , no , no , no .
' asked if labour 's chances of success would be improved if he went , an irritated mr miliband answered : ` i do n't .
i think that i 'm the right person to be doing this job .
` what i 'm clear about is that we have a plan .
we have a plan for the future of this country and these questions do n't arise .
' labour nerves have been jangled by three polls suggesting the tories have moved ahead after mr miliband 's disastrous party conference speech , in which he forgot to mention the budget deficit .
david cameron , meanwhile , has opened up a staggering 42-point lead over mr miliband on the question of leadership .
there is growing unrest over the labour leader 's alleged plan to secure victory by winning around 35 per cent of the vote -- core labour supporters plus disaffected liberal democrats .
a poll set alarm bells ringing this week by suggesting a sharp fall in the number of lib dems switching to labour .
the labour leader is said to be preparing to shake up his top team within the next few weeks as he seeks to steady the ship .
former cabinet minister and ` ultra ' blairite lord adonis -lrb- pictured -rrb- has been tipped for a comeback .
former cabinet minister lord