it is an astonishing image of a unique city .
this incredible panoramic image was taken 828 metres above sea level , from the top of the tallest building on earth , dubai 's burj khalifa .
composed of over 70 individual photos , it recreates the view tom cruise made famous as he sat at the tower 's peak during the filming of mission impossible four , ` ghost protocol ' .
navigate around the interactive image below -lrb- may not work on all mobile devices -rrb- .
the top of the burj khalifa , developed by global property developer emaar properties , is over 200 metres above the highest point reached by the building 's elevators , which reach the 160th floor at speeds of some 10 metres per second .
the tower 's public observation deck is on the 124th floor .
the journey to the pinnacle involves a steep ladder climb within the 200-meter spire that crowns the building .
it takes in dubai 's many landmarks , including the iconic burj al arab hotel , the world 's biggest mall , the dubai mall and the meydan racecourse and shows the remarkable growth of a city still on a fast track to developing as a business hub and tourist destination .
dubai based photographer gerald donovan created the shot using a mechanised panoramic tripod head to take a series of 48 panoramic images , each shot at a resolution of 80 megapixels .
mr donovan was given access to the top of the burj khalifa , developed by global property developer emaar properties .
it is over 200 metres above the highest point reached by the building 's elevators , which reach the 160th floor at speeds of some 10 metres per second .
the tower 's celebrated public observation deck , at the top , burj khalifa is on the 124th floor .
the journey to the pinnacle involves a steep ladder climb within the 200-meter spire that crowns the building .
these were then stitched together with manually shot images to ` fill-in ' gaps caused by equipment installed at the top of the tower such as the lightning conductor and aircraft beacons .
the result is an image that can be zoomed , tilted and rotated , giving viewers a sense of how it must feel to sit on top the world