by .
margot peppers .
published : .
09:31 est , 8 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:19 est , 8 august 2013 .
a rare condition resulting in slowed-down aging and various cognitive defects has affected the stars of an upcoming tv special .
set to air on tlc on august 19 , 40-year-old child : a new case will delve into the medical mystery behind the unknown syndrome , which affects just a handful of people in the world .
the show will star , among others , eight-year-old gabby williams , from billings , montana , whose body resembles that of a toddler , and whose condition has left her blind and unable to speak .
scroll down for video .
the real benjamin button ?
set to air on tlc on august 19 , 40-year-old child : a new case will delve into the medical mystery behind the unknown syndrome , which affects just a handful of people in the world .
permanent toddler : the show will star , among others , eight-year-old gabby williams -lrb- pictured -rrb- from billings , montana , whose body resembles that of a toddler , and whose condition has left her blind and unable to speak .
unsolved : gabby 's story was first broadcast on tlc two years ago , when her family embarked on a journey to uncover the cause of her disorder .
gabby 's story was first broadcast on tlc two years ago , when her family embarked on a journey to uncover the cause of her disorder .
since then , two new cases of the disease , which is so rare that there is no official name for it , have been discovered .
one of the other cases is a man from florida with the body of a ten-year-old , despite being 29 years old .
the other is a 31-year-old woman from brazil who still has the appearance of a toddler .
sufferers from the disorder .
which resembles the one suffered by brad pitt 's character in the curious case of benjamin button , age just one year for every four years other humans age .
side effects : while sufferers have normal chromosomes , they all have various cognitive deficiencies , like blindness , deafness , or the inability to walk or eat on their own