by .
james chapman , political editor .
published : .
09:59 est , 5 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
20:44 est , 5 march 2014 .
the cabinet secretary has been asked to investigate a string of unanswered questions over downing street 's handling of the child porn arrest and resignation of one of david cameron 's closest aides .
labour 's shadow cabinet minister , jon ashworth , asked sir jeremy heywood whether aide patrick rock was given advance notice that police were being called in .
he also demanded to know if it was right for a previous complaint against mr rock to be handled by the prime minister 's chief of staff ed llewellyn -- a friend of both mr cameron and mr rock .
cabinet secretary sir jeremy heywood -lrb- left -rrb- has been asked by labour to investigate why the child porn arrest of patrick rock -lrb- right -rrb- was not made public .
downing street has been accused of a cover-up after mr rock , deputy director of the no 10 policy unit , was arrested over suspected child pornography offences on february 13 .
no 10 failed to disclose that he had resigned until confronted by the daily mail earlier this week .
mr cameron 's aides insist it would be been wrong to have made the affair public before the police , though the national crime agency , which was called in to downing street , is still refusing to comment .
labour mps suggest no 10 has failed to satisfy ` a number of important questions ' , including the sequence of events that saw mr rock resign before being arrested early the next day .
in a letter to cabinet secretary sir jeremy , mr ashworth asked when downing street was first made aware of the allegations , at what point mr rock was spoken to , when police were alerted and precisely when mr rock resigned .
it also emerged that mr rock , 62 , who has been close to mr cameron for decades since they worked together as young advisers at the home office , had previously been accused of sexual harassment by a woman civil servant .
prime minister david cameron has said he is ` profoundly shocked ' by the arrest of his old friend .
the complaint was made to