kentucky sen. mitch mcconnell , the top republican in the senate and the upper chamber 's new leader , does n't blame the majority of americans for having a poor opinion of the legislative branch .
americans are ` right ' to think congress is doing a lousy job , he said in a joint interview with house speaker john boehner that aired sunday night on 60 minutes .
' i would n't vote to approve this congress , ' he said .
' i can tell you the senate has been essentially dysfunctional for four years .
i mean , it 's basically been shut down .
' mcconnell 's own management style has come under scrutiny this week from democrats who argue that they 're being unfairly silenced .
meanwhile , boehner is taking fire from democrats over an invite he extended to israeli leader benjamin netanyahu behind their backs .
house speaker john boehner and senate majority leader mitch mcconnell sit down for their first joint interview since the new republican majority congress convened earlier this month .
the republican leaders defended their management style , which has already come under criticism by democrats .
in power for less than a month , republican leaders are learning just how heavy the head is that wears the crown .
during the first week of congress , boehner faced a revolt from 25 members of his own caucus demanding more conservative leadership .
boehner overcame to the siege and successfully won reelection to the speakership , but bad blood between the ohio lawmaker and the right wing of the republican party appeared to linger as the 60 minutes interview commenced last week .
defending his ` voting record is as conservative as anybody here , ' boehner went after the tea party 's tactics .
` frankly , a lot is being driven by national groups here in washington who have raised money and just beating the dickens out of me , ' he told 60 minutes ' scott pelley , adding that they do it ` because it works .
' ` they raise money , put it in their pocket , and pay themselves big salaries , ' he said , calling the effort to keep the republican party unified ' a work in progress .
' boehner made himself the target of democratic scorn this week