new satellite images taken above syria have revealed the scale of the devastation in the country following four years of civil war .
schools , hospitals and refugee camps are seen destroyed in towns and cities such as aleppo , kobane , homs and isis ' de facto capital raqqa since the country was torn apart in 2011 .
initially a battle between various armed rebel groups and the syrian regime forces , the syrian civil war has since descended into a conflict with hundreds of frontlines , as rebel groups fight among themselves and isis and al qaeda-backed terrorists seize vast swathes of land .
scroll down for video .
before : this photograph showing the area around aleppo 's old citadel was taken of november 21 , 2010 - a year before the syrian civil war broke out .
and after : on october 22 , 2014 - less than four years after the above image was captured - the area around aleppo 's citadel is seen largely destroyed .
monument : this photograph taken on october 12 , 2011 shows the elaborate shrine to ancient islamic icons uwais al-qurani and ammar ibn yasser in the northern syrian city of raqqa .
destroyed : the monument - which lies in isis-held territory - was sadly destroyed by militants in 2013 who said it distracted from the veneration of allah .
this photograph was taken on october 6 , 2014 .
the satellite images form part a un report due for release tomorrow that will present analysis of the impact of four years of war on the middle eastern nation .
un investigators used their satellite program unosat to gather the startling photographs which , according to an advance statement detailing the report , document ` indiscriminate attacks on civilian population , including barrel bombing , destruction of schools , hospitals , residential areas , markets , power plants and the vast cultural heritage of syria .
' comparing images taken shortly before the start of the war in 2011 with those captured in recent months , the un has been able to show the geographical changes caused by relentless fighting between various groups , as well as the displacement of an estimated 6.5 million people .
the images emerged as the syrian air force has carried out a chlorine gas attack on a northern town , killing six