by .
jason groves .
published : .
19:59 est , 14 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
08:38 est , 15 november 2012 .
two of the board members who quit parliament 's expenses watchdog last night accused mps of ` gratuitous hostility ' .
charity boss jackie ballard and businessman ken olisa also said they were leaving the independent parliamentary standards authority because of interference by commons speaker john bercow .
this , they said , threatened to undermine their independence and destroy public confidence in the new system to keep tabs on mps after the 2009 expenses scandal .
fury : jackie ballard and ken olisa say they quit the expenses watchdog over interference and hostility from mps .
in all , four of the five board members have quit , with mr bercow accused of forcing them out of ipsa by making them re-apply for their jobs -- even though critics maintain that the rules allow for the members to stay in post for another term .
former high court judge sir scott baker , former liberal democrat leadership contender jackie ballard , businessman ken olisa and professor isobel sharp announced they were stepping down when their contracts expire in january .
mrs ballard and mr olisa were also infuriated that the appointments process will be partially overseen by former tory mp peter atkinson , who repeatedly voted for expenses details to be kept secret .
in a stinging letter to mr bercow , mr olisa said that this was like asking disgraced banker fred goodwin to pick the next governor of the bank of england .
labour mp john mann said the intervention ` looks like the speaker 's revenge for the unpopularity of ipsa among mps ' .
letters released this week revealed that ipsa chairman sir ian kennedy warned mr bercow that his intervention could threaten the credibility of the new expenses regime .
mrs ballard and mr olisa have made little attempt to hide their anger with the speaker and mps , who have reacted furiously to the watchdog .
mr olisa said ipsa was suffering an ` absence ' of independence which ` renders me unable to stand for -lrb- re -rrb- appointment ' .
he warned that ipsa had suffered ` gratuitous hostility ' from mps since cracking down on their expenses claims .
mr olisa added :