by .
emma glanfield .
these pictures reveal the latest designs for the next set of luxurious multi-million pound suites planned for the revamped battersea power station .
more than # 600million of property inside the iconic building has already been sold after phase one , circus west , was launched earlier this year .
now , developers behind the revamp , battersea power station development company -lrb- bpsdc -rrb- , have unveiled the latest designs and prices of the second phase of plush apartments -- which are to be put on a ` london-only ' sale in may .
scroll down for video .
developers behind the revamp of battersea power station have unveiled the latest designs of the plush apartments which will boast ` bold , beautiful and generously-sized ' living spaces , pictured .
guide prices for the homes also include one-bedroom apartments from # 1 million , two-bed apartments from # 1.5 million and three-bedroom homes starting from # 2.7 million .
a penthouse price is available only on application .
around 254 homes will be released as part of the next stage of redevelopment -- with prices for a studio apartment starting from # 800,000 and ranging up to # 4million for a four bedroom home .
guide prices for the homes also include one-bedroom apartments from # 1 million , two-bed apartments from # 1.5 million and three-bedroom homes starting from # 2.7 million .
a penthouse price is available only on application .
the old power station , which sits on the banks of the river thames , has become one of london 's best-loved landmarks , with numerous failed attempts to revive the grade ii listed building over the past three decades .
it was designed by british architect sir giles gilbert scott who also worked on other well-known structures including liverpool cathedral , london 's waterloo bridge and bankside power station which has since become the tate modern .
he also designed the iconic red telephone box before his death in 1960 .
since battersea power station ceased generating electricity in the 1980s , development proposals for what is europe 's largest brick building have included a disneyland , a nightclub , a football club and just about everything in between .
now owned by a consortium of malaysian investors , the 39-acre site is being completely redeveloped to include a