a 21-year-old schoolteacher has gone from amish to stylish thanks to a dramatic makeover courtesy of a women 's magazine .
theodore leaf , a celebrity stylist and glamour magazine 's beauty editor-at-large , has traveled to the tiny amish enclave of jamesport , pennsylvania , to glam up a young woman named sarah by giving her a brand new hairdo .
the 21-year-old teacher and housekeeper grew up in a small amish community and has never colored or styled her hair , leaving her locks looking drab and permanently tucked underneath a small white bonnet for modesty .
scroll down for video .
breaking amish : sarah , a 21-year-old amish schoolteacher and housekeeper , pictured here before her dramatic hair makeover -lrb- left -rrb- and after -lrb- right -rrb- on an episode of glamour magazine 's bad hair day .
` i 'm definitely up for adventure ... and doing my hair is definitely exciting , ' sarah says before her transformation gets under way .
in the video of sarah 's dramatic makeover released by glamour magazine on youtube earlier this month as part of its series bad hair day , sarah explains to the stylist that most of the time she wears her tresses hidden from view , as dictated by her faith .
the only exception was when she did her rumpsringa - a rite of passage for amish teenagers during which they are allowed to temporarily leave their community and experience the outside culture .
bee in her bonnet : sarah explains that her never has never been colored , and she usually wears it pinned up and tucked underneath a small bonnet for modesty .
extreme makeover : amish edition : celebrity stylist theodore leaf decided to turn sarah blonde .
cutting edge look : to give her lackluster tresses some movement and texture , leaf gave sarah a layered look .
amish blow dryer : sarah lamented that she can not blow-dry her hair because there is not electricity in her home .
theodore leaf , who also hosts a style show on logo-tv , tells sarah he plans to color her hair - ` because blondes have more fun ' - and add layers to give movement to her long-neglected locks .
while getting her hair dyed , sarah confides in leaf that not having electricity in her home is a