by .
sarah griffiths .
published : .
13:18 est , 10 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
13:48 est , 10 february 2014 .
humans might admire the peacock 's tall tail feathers displaying colourful iridescent eyespots but amorous peahens are n't so impressed and lower their gaze when sizing up a male .
the females are naturally drawn to the males ' legs as researchers think a peacock 's dancing skills could mark him out as an ideal partner .
u.s. scientists used eye-tracking technology and small cameras mounted on a customised peahen hat to work out how the female birds pick their perfect partner .
u.s. scientists used eye-tracking technology and little cameras mounted on a customised peahen hat to work out how the female birds pick their perfect partner - and this visual shows that they look at peacocks ' legs and not their display of feathers .
jessica yorzinski , a postdoctoral fellow at purdue university 's department of biological sciences , said : ` surprisingly , the peahens are looking at the lowest edge of tail feathers and are n't paying much attention to the rest of the five-foot tall displays .
' ` according to our study , the females ' gaze rarely fell at or above the peacocks ' heads .
` of the small portion of time spent looking at the males , females looked longest at the legs and lower portion of the train , ' she said .
the peacocks have a hard time trying to keep a peahen 's attention as she is constantly on the lookout for food and predators , so males have to rely on some fancy footwork .
` what garnered the most attention from the peahens was when the peacocks would turn around and shake their wings and rattle their tails during the courtship dance , dr yorzinski said .
here 's looking at you : a peahen wearing eye-tracking equipment watches a peacock .
researcher dr jessica yorzinski studied the visual attention of peahens during courtship and thinks her study could help protect the birds .
` it seems that mastering certain dance moves is important for peacocks , ' she added .
her study of 12 peahens , which was published in the journal of experimental biology , followed their gaze in the presence of multiple males vying for