published : .
14:43 est , 6 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
14:43 est , 6 november 2012 .
john mccain was caught sticking his tongue out at hecklers and yelling at them to ` shut up ' during a political rally on the eve of the election .
the arizona senator , who ran for the white house against obama four years ago , was campaigning for republican senate candidate jeff flake when he made the undignified outburst at members of the audience .
speaking from a podium in front of the courthouse in prescott , mccain said : ` even here in this wonderful square , jerks are allowed .
you 're allowed jerks .
' scroll down for video .
mouthing off : senator john mccain responded to a heckler by sticking out his tongue as he introduced senate candidate jeff flake in arizona on the eve of the election .
outburst : senator mccain gestures wildly and told members of the audience to ` shut up ' in arizona .
he then gestured wildly before sticking out his tongue and adding : ` i 'm getting too old to put up with jerks like you .
' mccain then introduced republican rep. jeff flake to the stage .
flake is battling for the arizona seat against democrat richard carmona to fill the post being vacated by retiring gop senator jon kyl .
democrats , including president obama , recruited carmona to run for kyl 's seat after it became clear that then-rep gabrielle giffords would n't campaign because of head injuries she suffered during the january 2011 shooting rampage in tucson .
four years ago , mccain was at the heart of the election race as he went head-to-head with barack obama .
for the white house .
despite losing the presidential race , mccain remains an outspoken presence in washington and firmly opposes many of the president 's decisions on foreign policy and the military .
backing mitt : senator mccain , pictured with romney during a rally in new hampshire in january , has endorsed the republican candidate .
mccain told msnbc last month : .
` frankly from my point of view i was exactly right about president obama .
when i look at the world today as to what it was four years ago our .
position has dramatically