by .
sarah griffiths .
it has only just been announced that scientists are working on printing a heart using a patient 's own cells and now a 3d model of a cancerous tumour has been created using a 3d printer .
the model , which consists of a scaffold of fibrous proteins coated in cervical cancer cells , provides a realistic 3d representation of a tumour 's environment .
it is hoped that it could help in the discovery of new drugs and cast new light on how tumours develop , grow and spread throughout the body .
realistic : a 3d model of a cancerous tumour has been created using a 3d printer .
the model , which consists of a scaffold of fibrous proteins coated in cervical cancer cells , has provided a realistic 3d representation of a tumour 's environment .
3d printed hela cells in tumour-like configurations are pictured .
3d printing is already being used in medicine .
researchers have used the technology to make splints , valves and even a human ear .
so far , the university of louisville in kentucky has printed human heart valves and small veins with cells .
the team has also successfully tested the tiny blood vessels in mice and other small animals .
professor williams , of the cardiovascular innovation institute , believes scientists will be able to print parts and assemble an entire heart in three to five years .
the 3d printer uses a mixture of a gel and living cells to gradually build the shape of a blood vessel -- and one day a heart .
the idea is that eventually , the cells would grow together to form the tissue .
in the future it could take just three hours to print the whole structure of the heart .
a group of researchers in china and the u.s. created a model of a grid structure that measures 1cm squared and is made from gelatine , alginate and fibrin to recreate the fibrous proteins that make up the extracellular matrix of a tumour .
the grid structure is coated in hela cells - a unique , ` immortal ' cell line that was originally derived from a cervical cancer patient in 1951 .
due to the cells ' ability to divide indefinitely in laboratory conditions , the cell line has been used in