a british show jumper was among hundreds trapped in the terror and chaos aboard a blazing ferry in the adriatic sea yesterday .
nick channing-williams , 37 , was one of the 478 people who became stranded when a fire broke out on the car deck of the italian-flagged norman atlantic off the greek island of corfu .
passengers , who were travelling from the greek port of patras to ancona , italy , became trapped on the top decks as gales and choppy seas hampered evacuation efforts .
one passenger has died and another was injured while attempting to escape the stricken ferry .
scroll down for video .
a british show jumper was among hundreds trapped in the terror and chaos aboard a blazing ferry in the adriatic sea .
passengers , who were travelling from the greek port of patras to ancona , italy , became trapped on the top decks as gales and choppy seas hampered evacuation efforts .
nick channing-williams and his fiancée regina theoffili -lrb- together above -rrb- are among those on board the stricken ferry .
giovanni pettorino , an italian coastguard official , said one person had died while being rescued from the italian-flagged norman atlantic .
authorities confirmed there were 423 passengers and 55 crew members on board and said more than half of them remain trapped on the ferry as the rescue operation is being hampered by choppy seas and bad weather .
the fire broke out on the lower car deck of the passenger ferry , which was also carrying 222 vehicles , just before 6am local time -lrb- 4am gmt -rrb- .
some passengers have reportedly been stranded on an upper deck of the ferry for more than eight hours , as they are unable to be lowered to lifeboats due to the high seas .
some called tv stations in desperation , saying : ` we are burning and sinking , no one can save us , ' as the vessel was battered by 55mph winds .
others told how the blaze swept through the vessel , fuelled by vats of olive oil in trucks catching light .
one passenger has died and another was injured while attempting to escape the ferry in stormy conditions .
passengers remain trapped on the blazing ferry , off the coast of corfu , as gale-force winds and choppy seas hamper