by .
keith gladdis .
published : .
19:18 est , 14 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:08 est , 15 may 2013 .
obsessed : the old bailey heard how stuart hazell used his mobile phone to trawl the web for child porn before he killed 12-year-old tia sharp .
google is under pressure to act over the ease with which stuart hazell was able to use the internet to fuel his child-sex fantasies .
hazell was obsessed by paedophile websites and used his mobile phone to trawl the web for child porn before he killed 12-year-old tia sharp .
police found searches including the terms ` naked little girlies ' , ` illegal under-age incest pics ' and ` schoolgirl abuse ' in his google browser .
there were also google searches for ` violent forced rape ' , ` little girls in glasses ' , ` daddy daughter pictures ' and ` under-age incest galleries ' , and he visited a child abuse website on august 6 last year -- as tia 's body lay hidden in the loft of the home he shared with her grandmother .
experts believe hazell 's habitual use of violent and paedophile pornography on the internet saw him progress from petty criminal to child killer .
last night child safety charities , including the nspcc , demanded google introduce immediate controls to stop monsters such as hazell from getting access to child pornography .
john carr , of the children 's charities ' coalition on internet safety , said : ` if these images were not available on the internet then men like stuart hazell might not go on to kill .
` we can not blame the internet for the likes of stuart hazell but it has opened pathways that lead them on to violent pornography and paedophile material .
' scroll down for video .
campaigners say google can ` do more ' to block access to child pornography .
mr carr wants web companies such as google to trigger online warnings when attempts are made to access explicit sites .
he also wants google to make their ` safe search ' facility the default on their web browser .
he added : ` that is something google could do overnight .
' jon brown , of the nspcc , said : ` google need to