by .
matt barlow .
follow @@ matt_barlow_dm .
gerard houllier regards it as the game which galvanised french football .
` people started loving football in france from that time , ' he said .
` everyone thought they were the victim of something and in france we like victims .
we got together .
two years later we were european champions .
' it was a sticky july night in seville with six goals , a tense penalty shootout and tears .
perhaps these emotions did propel france to the top of world football , but anyone who watched that world cup semi-final in 1982 will remember it for a chilling moment 10 minutes into the second half when patrick battiston was knocked out cold by a kung-fu charge from goal by harald schumacher .
scroll down for video .
cowardly : keeper harald schumacher races from goal but bypasses the ball and and heads for patrick battiston .
schumacher 's kung-fu charge on battiston .
battiston crashed into the ground , landed on his front and flipped on to his back .
michel platini , who had slid the pass for battiston to chase , was first to the stricken full back .
he thought his friend was dead .
` he had no pulse , he looked so pale , ' said platini .
when the teams meet in the world cup , as they do on friday in rio de janeiro , those images are rekindled , still capable of provoking horror : the lifeless figure carried from the field with his right arm dangling limp over the side of the stretcher .
platini takes battiston 's hand and holds it as he walks beside the medics , kisses it and lays it gently across his team-mate 's chest before returning to complete the game .
thankfully , the story has a happy ending .
battiston is today the academy director at bordeaux and fully aware of his place in world cup folklore : the innocent victim to schumacher 's evil aggressor whenever these european rivals clash .
sickening : west germany keeper harald schumacher collides with france 's patrick battiston .
` entrenched in our memories is this charge by schumacher who flattened the little frenchman , ' said 57-year-old battiston .
` that 's how things are .
people talk to me about