by .
ap .
and daily mail reporter .
former nfl quarterback donovan mcnabb was released thursday from an arizona jail after serving a one-day sentence for a dui arrest late last year .
records released by west mesa justice court show mcnabb served his time wednesday and was released about 1:30 a.m. thursday .
mcnabb , 37 , was arrested dec. 15 in the salt river pima-maricopa indian community east of phoenix , according to court records .
busted : mcnabb was arrested on december 15 while doing 81 mph in a 65 zone .
star : mcnabb played 13 years in the nfl after being drafted with the second overall pick in 1999 .
a copy of the citation shows mcnabb was stopped on the loop 101 freeway just after 3 a.m. and radar clocked his range rover at 81 mph in a 65-mph zone .
he also was cited for dui , but no information about blood-alcohol level was on the citation .
mcnabb pleaded guilty on march 27 and nine days of his sentence was suspended .
court documents show mcnabb was ordered to pay a nearly $ 1,500 fine and enter an outpatient treatment program in scottsdale from april 10 to july 8 .
the maricopa county sheriff 's office released mcnabb 's mug shot thursday morning , starting a media frenzy about his arrest , which had n't been previously reported .
infamous : sheriff joe arpaio runs the jail where mcnabb was held and has a history of placing his friends and celebrities in a facility known as ` the mesa hilton ' tent city : many dui convicts in arizona serve time in arpaio 's ` tent city ' but it 's unclear if mcnabb was placed in the outdoor jail .
the agency later said in a statement that mcnabb was booked into a detention facility on wednesday by order of the west mesa justice court and released after serving one day for a misdemeanor dui charge .
mcnabb 's phoenix-based attorney stephen benedetto did n't immediately return a call thursday seeking comment on the case .
the former quarterback joins a long list of professional athletes who have been convicted of dui in the phoenix valley - and who 've spent time in the jails run by maricopa county 's infamous sheriff joe arpaio , who has gained notoriety by