dereck chisora wants to make amends for his ugly brawl with veteran american heavyweight kevin johnson by fighting alexander povetkin in moscow this april .
london 's del boy has asked promoter frank warren to lure povetkin into the fight by offering the russian home advantage .
be careful what you wish for , dereck .
be careful about granting that wish , frank .
slugfest : dereck chisora -lrb- right -rrb- lands a big right hand during his win against kevin johnson on saturday night .
unconvincing : chisora admitted afterwards that he was ` gutted ' by his performance in the ring .
povetkin is not the best heavyweight on the planet but he is dangerous enough to place in jeopardy the final eliminator for a challenge to wladimir klitschko 's wbo title , towards which chisora and tyson fury are supposed to be on collision course this summer .
chisora persevered for a lop-sided points win over johnson and was man enough , also , to admit that he was ` gutted ' by the deficiencies in his own performance .
raggedly though he boxed , chisora was able to overwhelm the ageing johnson with the non-stop aggression which is the most obvious benefit of his rededication to the rigours of the prize-ring .
but povetkin is younger , hungrier and as high on work-rate as chisora .
his only defeat was to klitschko himself and of his 26 victories 18 have been inflicted by knockout.nor is it all likely that chisora would get away in moscow with all the rabbit punches to which british referee terry o'connor mostly turned a blind eye in the copper box at london 's olympic park on saturday night .
it is not beyond del boy to come home from moscow with a win but this fight would be no stroll in gorky park .
there is a lot of money to be made fighting in russia these days , if perhaps not quite as much as for a slugfest with fury at a london football ground .
so although chisora is still talking of how ` me and tyson will still get it on in mid-summer , ' he may be calculating that a spectacular ko of povetkin could fast-track him straight to klitschko.if that were to happen , tyson really would be furious .
the manchester giant fulfilled his