by .
reuters reporter and daily mail reporter .
published : .
15:58 est , 17 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
16:42 est , 17 october 2012 .
hundreds of mourners gathered at a memorial for slain u.s. envoy to libya christopher stevens , as the libyan ambassador to washington called him a ` friend and hero ' and apologised for his death on behalf of the government in tripoli .
stevens , 52 , who was killed in september in an attack on the american diplomatic compound in benghazi , was remembered at a service in the marble rotunda at san francisco 's city hall .
the solemn service yesterday was attended by former u.s. secretary of state george shultz , rep barbara lee and sen dianne feinstein .
remembrance : two marines stand guard as a photo of christopher stevens with hillary clinton flashes on a television screen at the memorial .
family : mr stevens ' brother tom , and sisters anne stevens sullivan and hillary stevens koziol speak during the memorial service , which was held at san francisco city hall .
ali aujali , the libyan ambassador to the united states , told mourners : ` on behalf of the libyan government , we 're very sorry .
' he added : ` you sent us one of your best diplomats , but unfortunately , we were unable to protect him .
' ` he 's part of libyan history , the revolution , ' aujali said of stevens , who was raised in the san francisco area .
` we lost a friend and a hero .
' secretary of state hillary clinton said on monday she took responsibility for the security situation at the u.s. compound prior to the september 11 attack that killed four americans .
memorial : a man holds a program during the service for mr stevens , who was killed in benghazi , libya , in the attack on september 11 .
honor : ali s. aujali , libyan ambassador to the united states , told the crowd that mr stevens was a ` friend and hero ' crowd : hundreds of mourners packed into a marble rotunda in san francisco 's city hall yesterday to honor christopher stevens .
the attack has become the subject of fierce partisan debate in the u.s. presidential campaign .