by .
chris waugh .
follow @@ chrisdhwaugh .
he lies joint-third on the all-time list for tour de france stage wins with 25 .
he won le tour 's best sprinter 's green jersey in 2011 .
he is the only man to have raced first over the finish line at the champs-elysees four times consecutively .
but mark cavendish , arguably the greatest sprinter in history , has never worn the famous maillot jaune .
on saturday , in his mother adele 's home town of harrogate , the manx rider will aim to cross the finish line first in a sprint finish and don the leader 's yellow jersey for the very first time .
video scroll down to watch cavendish discuss the tour de france yorkshire grand depart .
regain : manxman mark cavendish is hoping to win the yellow jersey for the first time in his career .
goal : cavendish has never worn the leader 's yellow jersey despite winning 25 tour stages .
rivalry : cavendish -lrb- left -rrb- and marcel kittel -lrb- right -rrb- will be competing for sprint stage wins this year .
sprint king ?
cavendish is hoping to prove he is still the best in the world at this year 's tour de france .
dream team ?
cavendish -lrb- right -rrb- with the other eight member of his omega pharma-quick step squad .
34 - eddy merckx -lrb- belgium -rrb- .
28 - bernard hinault -lrb- france -rrb- .
25 - mark cavendish -lrb- great britain -rrb- , andre leducq -lrb- france -rrb- .
22 - andre darrigade -lrb- france -rrb- .
20 - nicholas frantz -lrb- luxembourg -rrb- .
but , .
twelve months on from his agonising loss to german marcel kittel in the .
2013 tour 's opening stage in corsica , the 29-year-old must be wary .
kittel has arrived as the new sprint sensation on the block and he does not look like relenting any time soon .
if .
you factor in kittel 's fellow german sprinter andre greipel , .
norwegian paceman alexander kristoff and the supremely talented .
double-defending green jersey champion peter sagan , then you begin to .
realise how tough a task cavendish has in front of him to remain the undisputed ` sprint king ' .
but .
the british rider is thankfully not alone -