published : .
15:44 est , 30 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
15:50 est , 30 november 2012 .
the original batmobile is to go under the hammer for the first time , 47 years after its designer built it from an old lincoln futura - that he bought for $ 1 .
american car customiser george barris transformed the banger into the sleek black vehicle that starred in the legendary film and tv series in 1966 .
now the 87-year-old , who has owned it ever since , has decided to sell the caped crusader 's company car - which he today called the ` most valuable car in the world ' .
the ` most valuable car in the world ' : george barris -lrb- pictured -rrb- has decided to sell the original batmobile 47 years after he built it from an old lincoln futura .
it will be auctioned off by barrett jackson on january 19 at its sale in scottsdale , arizona with both auction house and owner tight-lipped on the car 's reserve .
however both parties expect the 19ft long piece of automotive history will sell for ` multiple millions ' .
the batmobile started out as a 1955 lincoln futura which barris bought from ford in 1965 for a nominal $ 1 .
he then spent 15 days and $ 15,000 transforming the concept car into the one-of-a-kind batmobile to be driven by actor adam west .
appealing : the batmobile -lrb- pictured with adam west as batman -rrb- uses a v8 engine and automatic gearbox .
it 's unmistakeable design and famous history will appeal to collectors .
making history : adam west , in full batman costume , drives the original batmobile , which is really a 1955 lincoln futura concept car weighing nearly three tons .
george said yesterday : ' i think it is .
the most valuable car in the world and the public really get a kick out .
of it when they see it .
' i .
designed and built the batmobile and i have shown it all around the .
world but now i think it is time that someone else can enjoy it .
` over .
the years i have built many cars and i always get attached to them and .
it will be sad to see it