the man who carried out the brutal hatchet attack on two nypd officers was heavily motivated by radical islam and was ` jihadist inspired ' , a new intelligence report reveals .
the preliminary report into zale thompson 's october 23 assault initially concluded the 32-year-old , who used the name zaim farouq abdul-malik on social media , was influenced by anti-government or black power sentiments .
however , a four page intelligence report from the nypd has confirmed thompson 's self-radicalization and his creeping obsession with terror outfits such as al-qaeda and islamic state .
scroll down to see report .
officers piecing together the life of new york hatchet attacker zale thompson -lrb- pictured -rrb- say he visited 277 websites to do with isis , beheadings and jihad before attacking cops three weeks ago .
according to the report , seen by fox news , thompson , ` may have held a long-standing interest in violent jihad .
' thompson was arrested -lrb- seen here -rrb- in southern california six times between 2002 and 2003 , likely for domestic disputes , new york chief of detectives robert boyce said .
in their initial investigation , the nypd discovered 277 online search terms by the former us navy serviceman that referred directly to jihad .
the intelligence reports states that ` thompson used internet search engines to query specific terms including but not limited to ` lone wolf ' , ` jihad ' and ` jihad against the police .
' thompson 's chilling attack was carried out in complete silence before he was shot dead after running up to four officers in new york brandishing a hatchet , before wounding cop kenneth healey , 25 , in the head , and slashing another in the arm .
mr healey was taken to hospital on in critical condition but has now been released .
while the report raises fears of more lone wolf attacks by self-radicalized americans , ` there is no evidence that thompson conspired with other individuals to carry out the attack .
' it reveals that thompsons favorite internet searches were for terror groups such as al-qaeda , its somalian branch , al-shabaab and isis .
the nypd also found that thompson 's seaches online brought up terms such as ` jihad against the infidels , ' and ` fatwa against americans ' and ` death