by .
daniel bates .
published : .
14:26 est , 27 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
15:29 est , 28 november 2012 .
bradley manning , the american soldier accused of leaking us military secrets to wikileaks , made his first public appearance on tuesday in over two years as he appeared at a maryland courthouse .
the informant is expected to testify at some point during the week-long pre-trial hearing where the conditions of his prison treatment are at issue .
though he did not speak on tuesday , the first day of the hearing , the 24-year-old private is expected to tell how he was tortured during his nine months in custody at quantico naval base in virginia .
on wednesday , marine colonel robert oltman testified that manning was kept tightly confined partly because another prisoner had recently committed suicide .
he was locked up alone in a small cell during this time and had to sleep naked for several nights .
scroll down for video .
smile : bradley manning , the soldier who leaked the diplomatic cables to wikileaks , was seen for the first time in public in over two years as he arrived at a maryland courthouse .
high security : manning is escorted by a team of guards , one of whom is prominently displaying his machine gun .
oltman said the suicide of another .
detainee after his custody status was reduced made oltman skeptical .
about a psychiatrist 's recommendation to ease manning 's confinement .
conditions .
the marine officer said he told .
medical staffers that manning should remain in highly restrictive .
confinement unless senior officers decided otherwise .
` nothing 's going to change , ' oltman .
testified .
` he wo n't be able to hurt himself .
he 's not going to be able .
to get away , and our way of ensuring this is that he will remain on this .
status indefinitely .
' manning was later moved to fort leavenworth , kansas , where he was re-evaluated and given a medium-security classification .
supporters of the army private , now .
24 , again filled the courtroom on the second day of what is expected to .
be a six-day hearing .
manning faces possible life imprisonment if convicted of aiding the enemy , the