by .
matt blake .
published : .
06:51 est , 21 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
07:01 est , 21 june 2012 .
when a party host invited too many guests to stay at his hilltop home overlooking lake maggiore in switzerland , he had to find space for them somehow .
and with the guests arriving shortly , he knew it had to be done fast .
so he flew in a micro-home by helicopter over the picturesque landscape to his luxury abode , which luckily took just four minutes and nine seconds to install .
all welcome : the buyer had the home flown in especially by helicopter to house the extra guests that he did n't have space to house .
smaller than a snooker table , it .
comprises a single space that 's just 8ft 7in square , and even estate .
agents might struggle to find a word other than ` compact ' to describe .
the living arrangements .
but according to its designers , this small white cube could be the businessman 's home of the future .
compact : the host had the micro home installed in just four minutes on the hillside overlooking lake maggiore in switzerland .
just in time : builders took just four minutes and nine seconds to instll the micro home .
made .
from aluminium with a wooden frame , it is called a micro-compact home .
-lrb- or m-ch for short -rrb- and comes with all mod cons including a plasma .
screen , built in hi-fi and fully-fitted kitchen .
horden cherry lee architects came up with the original micro compact .
home prototype back in 2005 , which was constructed using a wooden frame .
and based on traditional japanese tea-houses .
state of the art : made from aluminium with a wooden frame , it is called a micro-compact home -lrb- or m-ch for short -rrb- and comes with all mod cons including a plasma screen , built in hi-fi and fully-fitted kitchen .
mod cons : there is a fold-away double bed -lrb- the five-place dining table also converts into a spare double bed in case you have guests -rrb- , a shower and lavatory .
home of the future ?
according to its designers , this white cube could be the businessman 's home of