by .
john greechan .
glasgow 2014 has been dealt a serious blow after jamaican sprint star yohan blake declared himself unavailable for next month 's commonwealth games -- even though he 'll be competing in a diamond league event at hampden just days before the ` main event ' .
with the chances of usain bolt making a rapid recovery in time to compete in the games also look increasingly slim , according to reports in the caribbean , the anticipated presence of blake was viewed as a real consolation to sprint fans .
but the former world champion 's manager confirmed yesterday that blake , who suffered a series of injuries last season , was going to pick and choose his races this year .
which means focusing on the big money of the diamond league .
unavailable : blake wo n't compete in the commonwealth games for jamaica .
fit : blake competing recently in the 100m at the adidas grand prix in new york .
video blake suffers shock loss in new york .
cubie seegobin , explaining why the 24-year-old had also missed the jamaican trials , told local media : ` his entire team seriously considered him competing at the trials and commonwealth games , it was something that we were looking at for a long time .
` but , in the end , the team decided that they would do what 's in the best interest of the athlete .
` he 's healthy , you saw how he has looked since coming back , but he is looking forward to the next three years , so this year is about getting him back in the saddle and getting him back to running really fast again .
` we only have about seven to eight races scheduled for him this year , although he is ready and able to run very fast like he did in nassau at the world relays .
' the nature of blake 's withdrawal is likely to infuriate glasgow 2014 officials and fans who bought tickets expecting to see the commonwealth 's best compete for gold because he remains committed the lucrative diamond league circuit .
as well as running in the glasgow grand prix at the games venue of hampden on july 11-12 , blake is also pledged to compete at the london anniversary games on