by .
snejana farberov .
nearly a year to the day after long island college student andrea rebello was accidentally killed by police during a hostage crisis , her twin sister jessica ascended the stage at hofstra university sunday to accept her diploma wearing a cap honoring the slain woman .
just hours before sunday 's graduation ceremony , jessica rebello , 22 , shared a snapshot of her homemade tribute on her instagram account , showing the top of the graduation cap with her sister 's purple initials , ` ar , ' with a pair of white wings sprouting from the sides of the letters , a golden halo crowing the ` a ' and a pair of hearts .
beneath the initials , jessica laid out the name of their sorority , beta sigma phi , and wrote on the other side of the mortarboard : ` always & forever .
' touching tribute : jessica rebello shared a photo on her instagram showing her graduation cap decorated with the initially of her sister , andrea , who was accidentally shot by police a year ago .
bittersweet moment : jessica rebello took the stage at hofstra university and got a kiss on the cheek from president stuart rabinowitz before accepting her diploma a day after the one-year anniversary of her sister 's killing .
momentous occasion : ms rebello was on hand for the commencement ceremony sunday , graduating with a bachelor 's degree in public relations .
ms rebello accompanied the picture by the following caption : ' i do n't know how i did it ... but i did it ... for you - ilu & miss you , always & forever ... until we meet again twinnie ... ' in the early hours of may 17 , 2013 , andrea rebello was in her uniondale home , which she shared with her sister and two other roommates , when 30-year-old dalton smith , a convicted felon wanted for violating the conditions of his parole , forced his way in looking for money and got the 21-year-old in a chokehold .
one of two nassau county police officers who responded to the hostage situation heard smith repeating the words , ` i 'm going to kill her , ' and then saw him pointing his 9mm gun at the cops .
joint at the