sportsmail takes a look at 10 things we have learned from an entertaining weekend of football including aaron ramsey 's return and john stones being a rock at the back for everton .
1 .
john stones reminded everton how badly they had missed him during their awful exit from the europa league in midweek .
the 20-year-old , left out by roberto martinez in dynamo kiev who picked antolin alcarez instead , returned to the starting line-up with a strong defensive display at qpr .
stones and phil jagielka made 41 clearances between them to limit rangers to just one shot on target .
everton have lost just three of the 12 games the pair have played as centre backs since stones recovered from injury .
john stones was impressive for everton in their win over qpr on sunday .
2 .
england boss roy hodgson seems to rate andros townsend far higher than mauricio pochettino does .
the winger got dragged off by his spurs boss after just 58 minutes of the 4-3 win over leicester -- meaning he 's been hooked early in all the last eight matches he has started for his club .
of 32 appearances in a tottenham shirt this season he 's only completed 90 minutes on seven occasions .
despite that hodgson picked him in november -- although he was forced to withdraw through injury -- and has him in the squad for this week 's fixtures against lithuania and italy .
andros townsed was substituted in the 38th minute against leicester by mauricio pochettino .
3 .
if burnley do finish the season being relegated back to the championship it wo n't be through lack of effort .
the ea sports performance data shows they collectively ran two miles more than southampton 's side as they fought to avoid the 2-0 defeat at st mary 's -- 73.8 miles compared to saints ' 71.8 .
it 's nothing new -- sean dyche 's side have outworked their opponents in every single one of their 30 premier league fixtures so far .
jason shackell and the rest of the burnley side outworked southampton in their defeat on saturday .
4 .
swansea 's ability to find bargain signings continues to be the envy of many other clubs -- and the # 3million they paid southampton for jack cork looks the latest astute