by .
associated press .
published : .
10:06 est , 26 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:35 est , 27 august 2013 .
nsa leaker edward snowden spent two days in the russian consulate in hong kong directly before flying to moscow on what turned out to be an abortive attempt to reach asylum in latin america .
he also marked his 30th birthday in the russian consulate during those days , the respected newspaper kommersant reported today citing unidentified sources in snowden 's circle and the russian government .
if true , this would suggest greater russian involvement in snowden 's efforts to escape american justice than president vladimir putin 's government has acknowledged .
edward snowden -lrb- pictured -rrb- spent two days in the russian consulate in hong kong directly before flying to moscow .
the newspaper also reported that cuba was instrumental in blocking snowden 's further travels .
snowden , a former national security agency contractor who leaked information about the scope of u.s. government surveillance , flew to moscow on june 23 , with a ticket that would take him on to cuba the following day .
from there he could travel to countries willing to offer him asylum , including bolivia and venezuela .
but he did not board the flight to havana and remained in limbo until being granted asylum in russia on aug. 1 .
kommersant , citing a russian government official , reported that snowden appeared at the russian consulate in hong kong on his own initiative two days before the flight , showed his aeroflot ticket and asked for help .
two days after snowden landed in moscow , putin said that his choice of travel route and his request for russia 's help had come as a ` complete surprise ' .
edward snowden spent his 31st birthday in the russian consulate in hong kong -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
this was interpreted at the time as referring to his arrival in moscow , but putin did not specify .
on monday , the russian foreign ministry did not immediately respond to a request for comment , and the u.s. embassy in moscow said it would have no immediate comment .
the newspaper , citing several ` informed ' sources , said that cuba informed russia that the aeroflot flight from moscow would not be allowed