by .
matt blake .
published : .
07:22 est , 3 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
07:49 est , 3 october 2012 .
there will be no prizes for guessing the theme of this fancy dress party .
dressed in matching skin-coloured caps , round spectacles and grey moustaches , these young children are taking part in a lookalike record attempt like no other .
a thousand children donned matching outfits in honour of mahatma gandhi , the iconic indian spiritual leader who was born 143 years ago today .
the march , in ahmedabad , north west india , was confirmed as the biggest gandhi-lookalike get together ever by guinness world records .
gandhi 's behind you : a thousand children donned matching outfits in honour of mahatma gandhi , the iconic indian spiritual leader who was born 143 years ago today .
as well as the peace leader 's .
trademark round glasses and moustache , the boys also sported white robes .
to mimic his traditional indian dhoti and shawl , as well as holding .
walking sticks .
their impressive effort eclipsed the .
previous record for such an event , where 485 marched in the same fancy dress in central kolkata , west bengal last january .
before that 255 children dressed as gandhi in tamil nadu 's coimbatore district in june 2010 .
elsewhere , hundreds of children took part in an identical celebration in chennai southern india .
mahatma gandhi 's birthday on october 2 .
is commemorated as gandhi jayanti - a national holiday which sees .
tributes across the country .
mass tribute : as well as the peace leader 's trademark round glasses and moustache , the boys also sported white robes to mimic his traditional indian dhoti and shawl , as well as holding walking sticks .
we did it : the record-breaking march , in ahmedabad , north west india , was confirmed as the biggest ever by guinness world records .
mahatma - a name conferred on him , which means great soul - was born in 1869 and was an .
inspirational leader of india and the indian independence movement .
he is famed for his non-violent means to achieve his goals , which resulted in the independence of the country , and earning him the honorary title of father of the