authorities in virginia are refusing to provide details in the shooting death of a 10-year-old girl outside her pastor father 's home amid local reports that it was a 14-year-old boy who pulled the trigger .
the albemarle county police department says it was a male juvenile who fatally shot maggie hollifield outside her crozet home around 10am on tuesday in what church pastors are claiming to have been an ` accident .
' authorities remained tight-lipped into thursday on the boy 's relation to the victim , his age , and whether the weapon used was found or how it was obtained .
scroll down for video .
killed : maggie hollifield , 10 , was killed on tuesday morning outside her virginia home after police say a male juvenile shot her in what her family is calling an accident .
family 's heartbreak : the 10-year-old girl is pictured top left of her family , her stepfather , paul hollifield , being a pastor at commonwealth christian community church .
on thursday afternoon the police department sent out a single update from the medical examiner 's office in richmond ruling the girl 's death ` accidental in nature .
' public information officer carter johnson tells mailonline they plan to meet with an attorney of the family 's church today to discuss what additional information can be released without damaging their on-going investigation .
` we want to make sure we do our part to do due diligence , ' carter said .
maggie 's stepfather , paul e hollifield , has served as pastor at commonwealth christian community church in crozet since september , according to the virginia church of god .
in a facebook page created for the family this week , the church asks for prayers of comfort for them and suggested that in lieu of sending flowers , that donations be made to a fund set up by the church to send children to youth camp , which was one of the victim 's favorite activities .
tight-lipped : police have yet to identify the shooter or his relation to the victim , with authorities saying they plan to meet with the attorney of the family 's church before releasing more information .
the young family of six - with three girls , including maggie , and a single son - is said to