by .
jill reilly .
michael wheatley , 55 , a violent armed robber dubbed ` the skull cracker ' a violent armed robber dubbed the ` skull cracker ' is believed to have travelled to london by train after going missing from an open prison in kent , police revealed today .
officers said michael wheatley boarded the 9.20 am high speed javelin train from sittingbourne , which was heading to stratford international station .
he was seen in twickenham at 19.55 last night , but when police arrived at the address which is believe to be associated with the 55-year-old prisoner , he had disappeared .
despite an extensive search of the area he could not be found and today the metropolitan police warned residents in the area not to approach him if they see him again .
wheatley went missing when he was temporarily released from hmp .
standford hill open prison on the isle of sheppey .
the prisoner was handed 13 .
life sentences at the old bailey in 2002 .
wheatley raided 13 building societies and banks over 10 months in 2001 and 2002 while on parole from a 27-year sentence for other robberies .
he earned his notorious nickname after pistol-whipping victims - including a 73-year-old woman - during the raids .
ministers have been urged to reconsider moving violent offenders to open prisons following wheatley 's disappearance .
violent wheatley , caught here on cctv pushing a gun into his belt , raided 13 building societies and banks over 10 months in 2001 and 2002 while on parole from a 27-year sentence for other robberies .
conservative former minister nick gibb .
warned there had been a ` pattern of absconding ' at hmp ford in his .
constituency , including two men convicted of murder .
mr .
gibb -lrb- bognor regis and littlehampton -rrb- told policing minister damian .
green in the commons : ` when considering a sentencing policy for those .
guilty of observing or engaging in violent behaviour , will you .
reconsider the department 's policy of moving violent offenders , such as .
michael wheatley , to open prisons like standford hill in kent .
` you will be aware of the pattern of absconding that has taken place in ford open prison in my constituency .
` in .
particular , derek passmore and