by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
15:31 est , 23 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
02:08 est , 24 april 2013 .
a father has been accused of shooting his orthodontist wife dead at their plush country club house while their two-year-old daughter was inside the home - before he eluded authorities for 12 hours .
a manhunt was launched for randolph maidens , 42 , after police responded to a welfare check at his brentwood , tennessee home at 5.49 pm sunday and found the body of his wife rachael , 34 .
authorities said it was not clear who called 911 to ask police to check on the family .
when they arrived at the home in the governors club golf community , maidens was nowhere to be seen .
officers found the couple 's two-year-old daughter , natalie , who was unharmed .
murdered : randolph maidens allegedly killed his wife rachael maidens in their gated community home .
brentwood police , helped by a swat .
team , a k-9 unit and .
helicopters , launched an overnight manhunt for maidens and put the gated community on lockdown as they searched the area .
maidens eventually walked out of the woods behind the back of his house and was taken into custody without incident at 6 am on monday , abc news reported .
brentwood police officials would not .
comment on a possible motive for the crime , simply stating it was an .
` ongoing investigation ' .
but one neighbor described how she witnessed maidens acting bizarrely three weeks ago .
' i saw him running through the woods behind our house , and he a had on a black ski .
mask and a backpack that looked like a quiver , ' the neighbor told wkrn-tv .
arrest : maidens fled the home after allegedly killing his wife and leaving their daughter , 2 , with her body .
scene : he later emerged from trees at the back of their plush home in brentwood , tennessee .
together : police have not revealed a motive and friends and neighbors said the family had seemed happy .
` it was daytime .
and he was running through the woods ... and down to the ravine , right past our house , and i followed him .