fabio capello has blasted the mentality of english footballers and claimed they need a tyrant in charge to control them .
former england manager capello , now in charge of russia at the 2014 world cup will face belgium on sunday night in their second group h game after drawing 1-1 with south korea on wednesday .
he led england at the 2010 world cup in south africa , where , after navigating their way through the group stages they lost 4-1 to germany in the round of 16 .
video scroll down to see fabio capello talking about management with david moyes .
hardman : fabio capello believes the england players have it too easy and need a tyrant in charge .
bond : the former england manager , now in charge of russia , believes he has a better understanding with them .
that looks like a successful tournament compared to england 's travails in this tournament which has seen them eliminated after just two games following losses to italy and uruguay .
the former ac milan , real madrid and juventus manager , who has won seven league titles and a champions league in a glittering managerial career , believes english players are too indulged and used to their creature comforts and insists he is better suited to managing russia who buy into his work ethic .
soft touch : capello implies that hodgson 's managerial style is to blame for england 's failure .
comfort : england players have been afforded more freedom in 2014 than in 2010 under capello .
different strokes : hodgson and capello 's managerial styles differ completely .
thumbs up ?
capello led england out of the group stage at the 2010 world cup but no further .
he is quoted by the sunday people as saying : ` yes , i am strict .
sometimes you need to be a tyrant .
sometimes you need to be strong .
sometimes you need to shout .
` when the english players complained , i told them this is the life of an athlete .
we represent the country .
we sacrifice .
` you think the best athletes drink every day and stay with their wives and girlfirends every day ?
no !
we go to the training camp and we work together .
` i think we need this .