the 37-year-old woman charged with being drunk when she ran over and killed her father as he pleaded with her not to leave has a prior dui conviction , mailonline can reveal .
soukvilay ` lucky ' barton struck and killed family patriarch bounmy rajsombath , 69 , with her 2003 bmw z4 convertible as she tried to leave her parents ' riverside home , police said .
a review of california court records showed she has a history of moving violations including failure to obey stop signs and speeding - but it is a drunk driving conviction that stands out from the list .
alcohol fueled : family told police that lucky barton was drinking and .
argued with family before jumping behind the wheel of her 2003 bmw z4 .
convertible and ran over father bounmy rajsombath .
the twice-married woman has a handful of court dockets to her name , but the 2006 dui conviction came after her blood alcohol level was found by police to be above the .08 legal limit , and appears to be a plea deal based on the number of other charges dropped on the same docket .
she faces charges of gross vehicle manslaughter and drunk driving in the death of her father , which came only two days before father 's day .
is said by witnesses to have ignored her father 's pleas to stay while he stood behind the car , and instead ran over him as she backed out of the driveway .
she then stopped the car after realizing her father was injured and sat crying until being taken into custody by police .
images from the scene showed the car about halfway out of the driveway and barton being led away from the scene in handcuffs while her husband tad barton trailed a number of steps behind .
tragic loss : barton 's alleged drunk driving is said to have taken her father 's life only two day 's before father 's day .
need for speed : a review of california court records showed barton has multiple traffic violations to her name , including a dui conviction from 2006 .
family members told investigators that .
lucky barton argued with several of them after drinking that evening , .
the press-enterprise reported .
father bounmy rajsombath was rushed to a riverside hospital , where