england 's footballers have yet to get back on track with the public after their woeful world cup but at least virgin trains are prepared to go out of their way for roy hodgson 's squad .
travellers from london euston to manchester who had booked first-class seats in the two most convenient carriages , were surprised to be relocated because of a block booking .
then the service stopped unexpectedly at watford for the england party , who were on the way to a rare training stay at st george 's park in staffordshire , to board .
they later disembarked at lichfield trent valley , another unscheduled port of call .
the train announcer made no apology for running 12 minutes late due to looking after england 's needs .
the fa said fans would approve of england travelling on public transport and it was an issue for virgin where the train stopped .
time : virgin experienced delays to their service as one of their trains made extra stops for the england squad .
a virgin spokesman said : ` we try to accommodate the requirements of the england team when we can and we do n't broadcast when they travel with us for security reasons .
we apologise if any of our customers were inconvenienced .
' lncreasingly irrational talksport pundit stan collymore seems to have got the wrong message from bbc approaches last may as to whether he would be available for match of the day 2 duties this season .
collymore announced it as a job offer , saying he received a ` welcome aboard ' tweet from gary lineker .
however the bbc confirmed yesterday that collymore was only one of many being sounded out and that they have no current plans to use him on motd programmes .
captain : the pca came out in support of alastair cook saying : ` do n't sack him - back him ' eyebrows were raised around the cricket circuit after the professional cricketers association , who look after all members of the players union , gave strong public support to england 's beleaguered one-day captain alastair cook .
the pca posted a number of tweets with the hashtag ` do n't sack him -- back him ' detailing why cook should remain at the helm of the 50-over side despite their dismal run of