yale has threatened to kick out a 20-year-old history major because she 's too thin .
new jersey native , frances chan , who is 5 ' 2 '' and weighs 90lbs , claims she 's been force feeding herself cheetos and ice cream in an attempt to add flesh to her tiny frame after the ivy league school became convinced she was suffering from an eating disorder .
chan said the new haven , connecticut , college would n't even let up when her parents confirmed she , and the rest of her family , had always been naturally skinny and even sent in childhood medical records and had their doctor contact the school .
scroll down for video .
harsh : yale has threatened to kick out 20-year-old history major frances chan , pictured , because she 's too thin .
` it felt really bad to be this powerless , ' chan told the new haven register .
' i ate ice cream twice a day .
i ate cookies .
i used elevators instead of walking up stairs .
but i do n't really gain any weight .
' she said the battle over her weight began in september when she noticed a lump in her breast and went to get it checked out .
the lump came back benign , but yale doctors called her in for a follow up appointment because they had other ` concerns .
' in the meeting , they told her she was dangerously underweight and imposed mandatory weekly weigh-ins as well as sessions with a mental health professional and a nutritionist .
chan tried to comply with the school 's request and put on weight but she only managed to gain two pounds .
force feeding : chan , pictured left and right , is 5 ' 2 '' and weights 90lbs and claims she 's been force feeding herself cheetos and ice cream in an attempt to add flesh to her tiny frame .
mandatory : since december , chan been forced to show up for weekly weigh-ins and also sent off to a mental health professional and a nutritionist .
however , the university said that would n't do .
one health professional even told her her low weight would kill her and they threatened to put her on a medical leave of absence .
angry ,