by .
martin domin .
follow @@ martin_domin .
northern ireland 's milk cup clash with mexico was abandoned with 60 seconds remaining after four players were sent off following two mass brawls on wednesday night .
the hosts had come from behind to lead 2-1 at the coleraine showgrounds but the match was overshadowed by the shameful scenes which saw punches and kicks thrown on both sides .
northern ireland are expected to be awarded the three points which will see them remain top of the elite league which also includes canada and china .
fight : northern ireland were trailing 1-0 to mexico when the first brawl broke out .
early baths : four players were sent off in total , three after the first incident and one after the second .
robbie mcdaid saw red in the melee , while his team-mates dale gorman and josh doherty found themselves pushed to the floor .
robbie mcdaid the seventeen-year-old from county tyrone impressed whilst on trial at leeds united , having previously scored two goals for northern irish side glenavon .
the striker , who has been praised for his finishing and positional play , has already been called up to both the northern ireland under-17 and under-19 sides .
dale gormangorman helped his youth club letterkenny rovers to league and cup titles before signing a two year scholarship deal with stevenage .
his introduction in an academy fixture against watford recently was seen as the catalyst for his side overturning a two goal deficit .
josh dohertya useful player who can play at full-back or in midfield , made his first senior appearance for watford in their 4-1 defeat to huddersfield earlier this year .
the eighteen-year-old has nine caps and one goal across the northern ireland youth setups .
charles martland .
the first fight broke out just before the hour mark as northern ireland prepared to take a corner .
several players , including josh doherty and dale gorman , found themselves tossed to the ground .
both benches joined the melee which only served to heighten tensions as stewards were forced to intervene .
referee tim marshall eventually decided to send off mexico 's raul gudino and carlos arreola as well as northern ireland 's robbie mcdaid .
the shocking incidents come almost a year to the day after the same teams clashed in