by .
gerri peev , political correspondent .
published : .
19:34 est , 30 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:13 est , 31 october 2013 .
concerned : environment secretary owen paterson is believed to be worried about a poll which shows that support for the tories had dropped by 20 per cent among the countryside alliance .
the conservatives are haemorrhaging one in eight of their strongest supporters in the shires to ukip .
an astonishing poll showed that support for the tories had dropped by 20 per cent among the countryside alliance .
its members are usually among the most committed tory campaigners , with 15,000 of its supporters leafleting for the party at the last election .
the army of rural volunteers were part of the campaign group vote ok , which is partly organised by david cameron 's stepfather-in-law , viscount astor .
rural campaigners helped the tories win 36 target seats in 2010 .
election turn-out also went up whenever vote ok poured its members into a constituency , according to a study by the electoral commission .
environment secretary owen paterson was presented with a shock poll earlier a few weeks ago however showing that 13 per cent of countryside alliance members planned to vote ukip at the general election .
just 66 per cent would vote tory if there was an election tomorrow , while 2 per cent would back labour .
in 2006 , a similar poll registered no support for ukip among the 100,000-strong membership of the countryside alliance .
back then , 86 per cent said they would vote conservative .
mr paterson is believed to have been worried by the poll and the impact the loss of countryside alliance support would have on the campaign network outside london , according to the spectator magazine .
countryside campaigners feel betrayed by the prime minister 's failure to deliver on his promise of a free vote to repeal the hunting ban .
tim bonner , director of campaigns at the countryside alliance told the mail : ` a large part of the rural community is frustrated that government policies do not seem to take their views into account .
issues like hs2 , hunting and development in the countryside are hugely emotive and many living in the countryside feel the government is more interested in urban issues