by .
emine sinmaz .
published : .
19:10 est , 21 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
19:11 est , 21 december 2012 .
invoice : richard herman is celebrating another victory over cold-callers .
a businessman who successfully sued cold - callers for wasting his time on the phone has scored another victory .
richard herman , who won # 195 plus court costs from a firm that promised compensation for mis-sold payment protection insurance , has received a payout after being targeted by no-win , no-fee personal injury lawyers .
after his first win in october , mr herman , 53 , was bombarded by phone calls from ambulance chasers promising him compensation for a road accident .
fed up , mr herman invoiced the law firm # 10 for every minute he wasted answering their phone calls .
he .
had not been involved in the accident and , in any event , should not .
have received the calls after signing up to the telephone preference .
service , which protects homeowners from cold callers .
yesterday , the company sent him a cheque for # 230 for bothering him five times over two days .
in .
a letter to scott rees & co , the company behind the nuisance phone .
calls , mr herman said : ` i have been cold called by your telemarketing .
about a supposed car accident , despite being registered with the .
telephone preference service for years , not being involved in a relevant .
car accident , and never having opted in to any telemarketing with you .
or anybody else .
` i .
notified -lsb- the caller -rsb- that if i had to deal with any other calls from .
your organisation or people involved with your organisation that i would .
be charging # 10 per minute for my time , use of phone and electricity .
despite making these efforts to stop being called , i was called yet .
again several times .
` i therefore enclose an invoice for the 23 minutes at # 10 a minute , total # 230 .
' mr herman , of sunbury-on-thames , surrey , said : ` the number of cold calls i was receiving dramatically dropped after october .
but i was very sad and annoyed when i received