a family who falsely claimed # 226,000 in benefits in one of the worst frauds a judge has ever seen were caught after their daughter was seen swimming with dolphins - despite claiming she could n't walk .
samuel bennett and his wife patricia , both 64 , claimed disability living allowance between 2002 and 2012 on the basis they were so ill they could not walk and needed 24 hour care .
but they had lied about their disabilities , and were going on luxury holidays abroad and driving high end cars including an audi and a bmw , liverpool crown court heard .
scroll down for video .
a family who falsely claimed # 226,000 in benefit caught out after their daughter was seen swimming with dolphins .
despite claiming she could n't walk danielle bennett -lrb- pictured -rrb- was seen diving into swimming pools , pulling a child on a suitcase and working as a beautician .
they had also claimed disability benefits for their daughter danielle bennett , 30 , of everton , since she was a child .
the court was told when she was an adult she maintained the lies , saying she was virtually unable to walk , needed 24-hour care , had systemic sclerosis , arthritis , raynaud 's disease , psoriasis and depression .
samuel bennett said he had heart problems , depression and asthma whilst his wife claimed to have arthritis , asthma , irritable bowel syndrome and a hiatus hernia .
the couple , of west derby , said they could only walk a few yards before falling over and needed sticks and other aids to do so .
but they had lied about their supposed infirmities and had in fact embarked on nine luxury holidays over the period including to australia , on a caribbean cruise and to america three times .
samuel and patricia bennett -lrb- pictured -rrb- of west derby , said they could only walk a few yards before falling over .
but they were going on luxury holidays abroad and the family drove high end cars including an audi and a bmw liverpool crown court heard .
footage seized by department for work and pensions showed no evidence of disability at all .
it showed danielle diving into swimming pools , pulling a child on a suitcase and working as a beautician .
old