by .
reuters reporter .
published : .
00:00 est , 25 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:02 est , 25 february 2013 .
for the first time in decades , the united states is making steady gains in the number of high school students earning diplomas , putting it on pace to reach a 90 percent graduation rate by 2020 , according to a new analysis released monday .
but the good news comes with a big asterisk : students with learning disabilities and limited fluency in english face long odds to finish high school , with graduation rates for those groups as low as 25 percent in some states , the analysis found .
minority students also continue to fall well behind their white peers , with about one-third of african-american students and 29 percent of hispanic students dropping out before graduation .
for the first time in decades , the united states is making steady gains in the number of high school students earning diplomas , putting it on pace to reach a 90 percent graduation rate by 2020 .
the ` building a grad nation ' report - which was co-authored by robert balfanz , a leading scholar of dropout rates at johns hopkins university - found strong improvements in graduation rates in a diverse collection of states including tennessee , louisiana , alaska , california , texas and new york .
the national graduation rate jumped from 71.7 percent in 2001 to 78.2 percent in 2010 , with the pace of improvement accelerating in the past few years .
` for the first time in 40 years , we have seen significant , sustained improvement , ' said john bridgeland , a co-author of the study and the chief executive of civic enterprises , a public policy group in washington , d.c. iowa , vermont and wisconsin lead the nation with graduation rates close to 90 percent , according to the report , which used data from 2010 and 2011 .
at the bottom of the heap : nevada and new mexico , where barely six in 10 high school freshmen can expect to earn a diploma within four years .
idaho , kentucky and oklahoma did n't use the same formula for calculating rates as other states and thus were not included in the report .
` increasing the graduation rate