a rare roman fort and marching camp have been discovered by archaeologists - thanks to the summer heatwave .
the outlines of the major roman fort complex were revealed under parched grassland near brecon , mid wales .
aerial archaeologist dr toby driver said he could n't believe his eyes when he spotted the huge hidden ancient fort from the air .
revealed : a hidden roman fort and marching camp have been discovered by archaeologists - thanks to the summer heatwave .
visible : the outlines of the major roman fort complex were revealed under parched grassland near brecon , mid wales .
the summer drought has also revealed scores of iron age farms and forts across south wales which have usually been hidden beneath lush crop fields .
dr driver , from the royal commission on the ancient and historical monuments of wales said the spell of hot weather discoveries include some of the most significance finds for a decade .
he said : ` when crop marks show in drought conditions our aerial survey only has a few weeks to record the sites before rain or harvest removes them .
` the roman fort complex discovery near brecon is a rare discovery for wales .
' he said it was made following a tip from dr jeffrey davies , who he has been working with on roman villa excavations near aberystwyth .
outline : pictured is a previously unrecorded roman fort complex in mid wales .
dr driver said : ` jeffrey davies noticed an anomaly in roman coin finds near brecon , reported under the portable antiquities scheme .
` he had a hunch that the coins , of the emperor claudius , could indicate a lost early roman fort , and passed a grid reference to me the day before a flight into central wales .
' i could n't believe my eyes when the pilot and i approached the location and saw fading crop marks of a major roman fort complex , lost beneath fields and a road for nearly 2,000 years .
' between caerwent and chepstow , the aerial survey also pinpointed only the second roman overnight marching camp in monmouthshire - which dr driver said appears to show a small expeditionary force on manoeuvres in the years around 50 ad .
scores of iron age farms and forts were also found