by .
daily mail reporter .
maybe even the criminals enjoy a slower pace of life in the countryside .
because this new police vehicle , a tractor with a top speed of just 20mph , would not be much use in pursuit .
unless , that is , the chase takes place across a muddy field .
with flashing blue lights and police paintwork on the bonnet , britain 's most rural police force yesterday unveiled their new patrol vehicle .
dyfed powys police officers stand next to the new vehicle they 'll use to chase criminals , a tractor .
dyfed powys police hope the machine will improve their relationshops with rural communities in mid and west wales .
inspector tim davies said : ` we 're very impressed with this new piece of kit .
` engagement with our rural communities is important to us , and we want people to come and discuss any concerns they may have about rural crime .
' officers will use the vehicle to visit farmers working their land and to access more remote parts of their policing area .
manchester police are considering buying two segways to give officers ` greater visibility and accessibility ' the tractor , it is hoped , will help police fight back against criminals who target farmers for their fuel supplies , livestock and high-tech machinery .
in the last year thefts of farm machinery doubled and rural crime cost the uk economy more than # 40million a year .
dyfed-powys police have set up a centre of excellence to improve rural policing after discovering the countryside was being neglected compared to cities .
the force covers the largest police area in england and wales -- but has only 1,183 officers , the third smallest in england and wales .
the new holland tractor , on loan to the force from a farm machinery company , was unveiled at the royal welsh agricultural show in builth wells , mid wales .
schoolboy morgan thompson , 13 , of merthyr tydfil , said : ` it is awesome -- it may not be fast but it would frighten anyone being chased by it .
` it looks great when the lights are flashing .
'