the polar vortex part ii is getting ready to roll back into town .
leading meteorologists are warning the mid-atlantic is in for a repeat of last winter , which was noted as the 34th coldest such period for the contiguous 48 states as a whole since modern records began in 1895 , according to weather.com .
now , with a month-and-a-half left of fall , the forecasts are in , and another polar vortex looks set to hit the northeast from january and not let up for months .
accuweather are reporting that new york will again experience above-average snow and freezing temperatures , however neither is expect to hold out as long as the brutal winter of 2013/14 .
' i think , primarily , we 'll see that happening in mid-january into february but again , it 's not going to be the same type of situation as we saw last year , not as persistent , ' accuweather.com expert long-range forecaster paul pastelok said .
scroll down for video .
get ready : winter will arrive without delay , according to accuweather.com , with frigid air from another polar vortex seeping down into the country 's midsection and northeast as early as november .
here comes the snow : meteorologists are predicting higher-than-normal snow totals for cities west of the i-95 corridor .
washington , d.c. , boston and new york will also be affected , and philadelphia will be hit hard .
reprieve : in some good news for the midwest , the area is expected to experience temperatures seven to nine degrees warmer than last year , with noticeably lighter snow forecast for chicago and minneapolis .
` the cold of last season was extreme because it was so persistent .
` we saw readings that we have n't seen in a long time : 15 - to 20-below-zero readings .
' people in more than two dozen states from the southeast to the northeast felt last year 's polar vortex - a weather phenomenon where frigid air breaks free from the north pole and plunges south , according to news mic .
this year higher-than-normal snow is predicted for cities west of the i-95 corridor , including baltimore and harrisburg .
around 70 inches of snow is also expected to slam philadelphia .
washington , d.c. , boston and new york will also