a new mum who once tipped the scales at 18 stone is feeling in a league of her own after losing eight stone to become a world championship bodybuilder .
jenny clark , from bournemouth , dorset , ballooned to a size 18 when she was pregnant with her son mason and once he was born , decided to join a gym to lose the weight .
when a gym instructor told jenny , 36 , that she looked very symmetrical and should consider bodybuilding , she tried pumping iron as a way to shift the baby-weight and found she was a natural at it .
mother 's love : four-year-old mason is jenny clark 's biggest fan and enjoys watching her compete .
flashback : jenny before she lost the weight -lrb- left -rrb- and displaying her winning ways .
in just 18 months , the new mother lost five stone in fat and built up her impressive muscles with gruelling weight and cardio sessions .
although she came last in the first weight-lifting competition she entered , jenny did n't give up and after a few more disappointments she started winning .
she qualified her for the international bodybuilding and fitness association -lrb- ibfa -rrb- british championships last year which she won and has now gone on to win the world championships .
now jenny weighs 10st 9lb and her body fat is down to just nine per cent .
and her son mason , now aged four , has become her biggest fan and loves going to ` mummy 's muscle shows ' .
jenny shows off her bodybuilding prowess competing in the ibfa world championships in rome .
jenny piled on the pounds during pregnancy but began losing teh weight once she joined the gym .
jenny spends three hours a day training in the gym and is aiming to compete in the miss universe competition in italy this summer .
the mother-of-one said : ' i ate for three the whole time i was pregnant and i put on a lot of weight .
' i really struggled to lose the weight afterwards for about three years and i was really unhappy .
` through exercise and diet i 'd managed to lose a bit of weight .
i was doing a gym class and i was the only one who turned up .
`