they fold up their uniforms , bid their colleagues farewell and return home from war .
but for many veterans , their service continues to play a role in their lives long after they regain their civilian status .
now , a striking photo series has captured the dichotomous existence of men and women who formerly served in the us army , navy and air force .
the veteran vision project , created by photographer devin mitchell , aims to offer veterans the chance ` to speak without having to say something ' .
for each image , mr mitchell , a 27-year-old junior at arizona state university , travels to a former serviceman 's home and takes two pictures .
scroll down for video .
moving : this photo series , created by photographer devin mitchell , captures the dichotomous existence of us veterans .
above , marine corporal brad ivanchan , who lost both of his legs in 2013 after stepping on an ied while on patrol in afghanistan , stares at his reflection .
torn apart : marine corporal daphne bye and her now-ex-husband , marine staff sergeant david bye were both diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder in 2001 .
they divorced last august after deciding it was no longer healthy for them to stay married .
in this image , ms bye is seen holding a sign reading : ` ptsd .
divorcing but united ' while mr bye peers at a reflection of the couple embracing in uniform .
at home with her children : for each image , mr mitchell , a 27-year-old junior at arizona state university , travels to a former soldier 's home and takes two pictures.in one , the subject -lrb- such as desarae janszen , pictured -rrb- is dressed in uniform .
in the other , they are in civilian attire .
striking : major patrick lehmann , a former army medical officer , hugs his partner as he looks at a reflection of himself dressed in uniform .
contrast : adrienne camille , an ex-expeditionary warfare officer with the navy , dons a red dress and lipstick as she looks at her reflection .
affected : in this emotional picture , brantley hunt , who received numerous awards for his service including the navy and marine corps commendation and achievement medals , is seen resting his hands against