by .
david mccormack .
published : .
15:58 est , 30 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:41 est , 30 november 2013 .
a new yorker has set the record for building the world 's largest gingerbread village after spending the past nine months working on the impressive construct which weighs over 1.5 tons .
gingerbread lane as the village is called includes 152 gingerbread houses , 65 trees , four gingerbread cable cars , five gingerbread train cars , an underground candy subway station , candy trees and sugar signage .
it is chef jon lovitch 's pride and joy and he estimates that it includes 2,240 pounds of icing , 400 pounds of candy and 500 pounds of gingerbread dough .
a new yorker has set the record for building the world ¿ s largest gingerbread village after spending the past nine months working on the impressive construct which weighs over 1.5 tons .
chef jon lovitch , right , estimates that the village includes 2,240 pounds of icing , 400 pounds of candy and 500 pounds of gingerbread dough .
lovitch , 37 , started work on the village in february and built it piece by piece in the closet-sized kitchen of his south bronx apartment using a conventional convection oven that handles one baking pan at a time .
the guinness book of world records last week declared it the world 's largest entirely edible gingerbread exhibit .
it is currently on display at the new york hall of science in queens .
all of the pieces were made by lovitch , usually late at night after returning from his work as the executive sous chef at the new york marriott at the brooklyn bridge .
` my wife likes the fact that i work on it at home and i 'm not out gambling or drinking , ' lovitch told the new york times .
lovitch started work on the village in february and built it piece by piece in the closet-sized kitchen of his south bronx apartment .
the guinness book of world records last week declared it the world ¿ s largest entirely edible gingerbread exhibit .
he baked the houses one at a time and stored them until recently in an empty bedroom until recently when he started to construct it at the hall of science .
the