women are increasingly putting their husband 's career before their own , a controversial new study of harvard business school graduates has found .
it canvassed over 25,000 male and female students , and found 40 percent of gen x and boomer women said their spouses ' careers took priority over theirs .
they researchers also said only about 20 percent of them had planned on their careers taking a back seat when they graduated .
. the team also say that in most cases , children were not the cause of the lapsed careers .
the majority of women said they assumed they would have egalitarian marriages in which both spouses ' careers were taken equally seriously .
researchers surveyed more than 25,000 hbs graduates altogether .
they reported on baby boomers -lrb- ages 49 -- 67 -rrb- , generation x -lrb- ages 32 -- 48 -rrb- , and millennials -lrb- ages 26 -- 31 -rrb- , also known as generation y .
they concluded that while women were well intentioned when they graduated , they ultimately ended up being held back by their partners .
the new study of harvard business school graduates from hbs 's robin ely and colleen ammerman and hunter college sociologist pamela stone interviewed 25,000 men and women who graduated from harvard business school over the past several decades .
` in the end , we found not just achievement and satisfaction gaps between men and women , but a real gap between what women expect as they look ahead to their careers and where they ultimately land , ' they wrote .
` the men and women who graduate from hbs set out with much in common -- mbas , high ambitions , and preparation for leadership .
` perhaps it 's time for more-candid conversations -- at home , at work , and on campus -- about how and why their paths unfold so differently .
' the researchers found male graduates were much more likely to be in senior management positions and have more responsibility and more direct reports than their female peers .
` setting aside those measures of success , since not everyone aspires to them , we found that women are less satisfied with their careers .
the gap between men 's and women 's advancement to senior positions has endured , despite increasing numbers of women with