bbc political editor nick robinson labelled russell brand a ` sanctimonious t *** ' after the comedian refused to speak to him for a radio show .
the bbc man approached brand for a comment ahead of a programme he was making about democracy - but was turned down by the self-styled revolutionary , who allegedly called in security guards .
witnesses to the snubbing have now said robinson resorted to ` colourful language ' when he was denied access to brand .
scroll down for video .
the bbc 's nick robinson was said to have been left furious after russell brand refused to speak to him after appearing on question time last month .
the political journalist sent an angry tweet out soon after the snub , but was said to have used more ` colourful ' language after brand allegedly called in security .
the incident happened after brand 's appearance on the bbc 's question time show , filmed in canterbury last month .
robinson is said to have approached brand and asked for a contribution to his radio 4 programme , called ` can democracy work ?
' .
a witness told the sun that robinson was left ` clearly furious ' after brand refused to speak and called the comedian a ` sanctimonious t *** ' .
shortly after the incident , robinson tweeted : ` dear @rustyrockets -lrb- brand 's twitter handle -rrb- , why refusing to be interviewed for @bbcradio4 ` can democracy work ?
' series ?
time for selfies last night but not qs .
pity ' neither man had comments on the incident on twitter this morning .
the first show of robinson 's three-part radio series aired yesterday , in which he criticised brand 's attitude to politics .
it played a recording of robinson confronting brand as he posed for selfies with fans , then shouting : ` why are you so worried about doing an interview about democracy russell ?
' as the comedian retreated .
following brand 's claims that he would n't run parliament because he did n't want to become a politician , robinson also said : ` in one respect russell brand is already like them ; he does n't like answering awkward questions .
' in the programme , former labour prime minister tony blair revealed he has read brand 's