england 's stuart broad and joe root have been named in the international cricket council 's test team of the year .
the mythical side , selected by a panel chaired by the icc cricket committee chairman and former india captain anil kumble , sees broad and root rewarded for their work in helping rebuild the england side after their disastrous tour of australia .
root made three big hundreds in the english summer , scoring 200 , 154 and 149 , while broad - one of the few bright spots down under - made contributions with both bat and ball and took 19 wickets as india were beaten 3-1 .
stuart broad 's efforts against india and australia were rewarded with selection in the 2014 icc test team .
joe root , who also makes the icc test team of the year , celebrates his 200 not out at lord 's against sri lanka .
sri lanka 's angelo mathews is named as captain of the side after leading his men to victory in england , while kumar sangakkara -lrb- for a seventh time -rrb- and rangana herath are his named compatriots .
south african pace bowler dale steyn is picked for the seventh successive year and team-mate ab de villiers for a fifth time .
david warner and mitchell johnson -lrb- australia -rrb- and kane williamson and tim southee -lrb- new zealand -rrb- make up the rest of the team .
south africa 's ab de villiers -lrb- left -rrb- and dale steyn -lrb- right -rrb- are the only players to make the test and odi sides .
david warner , batting in abu dhabi as australia are flogged by pakistan , makes the test as opener .
ashes destroyer mitchell johnson -lrb- after taking the wicket of alastair cook -rrb- is the other aussie in the test side .
there are no england players named in the one-day side of the year which is captained by india 's ms dhoni , named for an eighth time and a seventh year in a row .
de villiers of south africa , virat kohli of india and ajantha mendis of sri lanka are repeat selections , with the rest of the side comprising of mohammad hafeez -lrb- pakistan -rrb- , quinton de kock and steyn -lrb- south africa -rrb- , george bailey and james faulkner -lrb- australia -rrb- ,