by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
10:50 est , 4 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:13 est , 4 december 2013 .
an inquisitive teenager on a school trip may have inadvertently captured an image of a ghost claimed to be a noblewoman once tipped to take the throne after queen elizabeth i. cameron hamilton took a photograph of an arch at rufford abbey country park with his ipod touch , only to spot later it contained a misty white figure .
nottinghamshire county council staff believe it is the ghostly white lady of rufford who , according to legend , is believed to be the spirit of ill-fated arbella stuart .
is it her ?
a misty white figure caught on camera by cameron hamilton when he used his ipod touch , left , is england 's lost queen , lady arbella stuart , according to council staff .
luck : cameron hamilton took the snap while visiting nottinghamshire county council 's rufford abbey country park with friends , and says the discovery reinforces his belief in the paranormal .
she died of starvation in the tower of london in 1615 , and was the great great granddaughter of henry vii and mary queen of scots ' niece .
15-year-old cameron , from bilsthorpe , nottinghamshire , said his belief in the supernatural has been bolstered after seeing the pictures .
' i was quite surprised and was not expecting it .
i believe in ghosts and the supernatural and this has further convinced me that they do exist , ' he said .
family : cameron -lrb- left -rrb- with his mother helen and brother alistair , who all looked at the picture and thought they saw a ghost .
his mother , helen , said they were shocked by what they saw when they looked at cameron 's pictures at home , and went on to show staff at the country park .
` cameron has taken it all in his stride , ' she said .
` apparently he was reading the information panels in the abbey ` undercroft ' about the ghostly legends of rufford and decided to take some photos to see he could capture anything spooky on film .
` it was only when he got home and we examined the film that we saw this image