with the exception of the adventurous few , indulging in a passion for pink , lacy lingerie has been the preserve of women .
until now .
one fashion firm hopes to change the way we shop for underwear with the launch of a range of racy lingerie exclusively for men .
the hommemystere collection , which includes padded bras , lacy teddies and frilly thongs with names like jungle fever , moulin rouge and forget-me-not , is said by the firm to be ` comfortable ' and ` great for all day wear ' .
they specialise in , they say , ` comfortable .
men 's panties that really do .
fit , bra straps that do n't fall off the shoulder , teddies that do n't .
ride up halfway through the night and quality soft fabrics that feel .
great for all day wear ' .
scroll down for video .
hommemystere send orders out in a discreetly packaged plain padded envelope .
the fun teddy sleepsuit is a ` lovely soft fabric teddy for men ' and a ` full cut that stays in place ' priced # 35.70 .
the australian label - which has distributors in the uk and u.s. - say attractive undergarments feel great and make dressing more fun and enjoyable for men .
they say they understand that men want ` quality lingerie style underwear made with care , attention to detail ' that fits your body perfectly ' .
the brand itself not new but has gained a recent surge of publicity thanks to a video of its recent runway show at the international fashion show in las vegas which took place this month .
the video features an array of pouting men modelling the range , strutting up and down the catwalk clenching their buttocks , doing body rolls and posing .
while cross-dressing is not specific to sexual preferences , hommemystere 's advertising images are of men and women posing as a couple .
in their faq section they address this , saying they cater to all customers - whether straight or gay .
` we provide our lingerie for guys , ' they say .
` we are not concerned if you are gay , straight , vegetarian , .
republican , anglican , martian or any other persuasion .
` we just design and manufacture