by .
james daniel .
published : .
09:44 est , 9 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:13 est , 9 march 2013 .
for many travelers , taking pictures is simply part of the experience , but for one frequent flier , his trip almost did n't happen after taking a photo on board his plane .
matthew klint , 26 , who has racked up nearly a million air miles , was settling into his business class seat from newark to istanbul .
excited after being upgraded , mr klint decided to blog about the experience and started clicking away with his iphone .
little did he know he had broken one of united 's rules .
welcome aboard : but do n't take any pictures please !
a business class blogger was asked to leave his flight after taking a photo from his seat before takeoff .
after taking a picture of the empty seat in front of him , a fight attendant ran over and told him he could n't take a picture and was escorted from the plane .
writing about the experience in his travel blog , mr klint says he was told the taking of pictures violates united 's policy .
the policy appears in the in-flight magazine : .
the use of still and video cameras , film or digital , including any cellular or other devices that have this capability , is permitted only for recording personal events .
photography or audio or video recording of other customers without their express prior consent is strictly prohibited .
also , unauthorized photography or audio or video recording of airline personnel , aircraft equipment or procedures is always prohibited .
any photography -lrb- video or still -rrb- or voice or audio recording or transmission while on any united airlines aircraft is strictly prohibited , except to the extent specifically permitted by united airlines .
determined not to be forced from his flight to turkey mr klint begged the flight attendant to let him stay : ` look , i am a traveler .
i am not a terrorist , i write about airline stuff all the time .
here is one of my business cards , ' he told her .
it made no difference .
a few moments later he was dragged from the plane by one of the