the police officers who responded to the 911 from a woman in colorado , who was stabbed and had her fetus ripped out have praised the woman 's strength and bravery in the most trying of circumstances .
michelle wilkins , 26 , was seven months pregnant when she responded to a craigslist posting for maternity clothes in longmont , on wednesday , only to be stabbed in the stomach by the stranger who posted the ad , with her baby forcibly removed from her womb .
local law enforcement officers billy sawyer and phil piotrowski were first on the scene and describe finding wilkins weak and in a state of shock .
victim : michelle wilkins , 26 , was seven months pregnant when she was stabbed and had her baby removed by another woman in longmont , colorado , on wednesday while answering a craigslist ad for baby clothes .
local law enforcement officers billy sawyer , right , and phil piotrowski , left , were first on the scene and describe finding wilkins weak and in a state of shock .
' i started yelling and michelle yelled back , very faintly , and it was muffled -- `` help me !
help me !
'' ' sawyer told ktla .
he describes finding her covered from head to toe in blood .
` so i put some gloves on and held her hand and went through where her injuries were ... trying to figure out exactly what we had , ' he said .
michelle wilkins ' uncle chris wilkins said , ` she 's alive because professional first responders execute perfectly .
' but sawyer 's colleague piotrowski believes wilkins is the one who ` saved her own life .
' ` she is probably one of the strongest people i 've ever had the pleasure to meet , ' he said .
the situation was so bad that he had to leave the room for a moment to compose himself .
attacked : michelle wilkins had her first baby ` expertly cut from womb by dynel catrece lane ' after going to her house to answer craigslist ad .
wilkins was so shocked when she arrived at longmont united hospital , colorado , that she still thought she was pregnant , sources say .
michelle wilkins ' parents have spoken at-length for the first