royal bank of scotland provoked fury last night after handing out lavish bonuses -- including an # 859,000 windfall to its former boss .
the state-backed lender 's annual pay report showed 110 staff received more than 1million euros -lrb- # 720,000 -rrb- last year , despite it racking up a # 3.5 billion loss .
this marked its seventh consecutive annual loss since the financial crisis , when it was rescued with a # 46billion bailout from taxpayers .
still on the books : stephen hester , left with a warwickshire hunt , is set to pocket a # 1million bonus from the royal bank of scotland - one of around 70 , # 1million-plus , payments in 2014 .
one of the biggest winners was former chief executive stephen hester , who pocketed # 859,000 from a long-term bonus awarded in 2012 .
he handed in his resignation in june 2013 , after being pushed out by chancellor george osborne .
last night the awards were branded ` excessive ' and ` unacceptable ' , with campaigners criticising mr osborne for failing to stamp out fat-cat pay at rbs .
to avoid a new pay row , current chief executive ross mcewan waived his entitlement to a # 1million fixed shares allowance introduced last year to bolster his basic pay package and dodge the eu bonus cap .
this restricted his total pay for 2014 to # 1.85 million .
mr mcewan has also waived his # 1million allowance for this year .
but yesterday it emerged he could still receive up to # 3.9 million for 2015 , including a long-term shares award of up to # 1.6 million that will pay out for several years .
warning : boss ross mcewan admitted it could be several years until taxpayers finally get their money back after seven consecutive losses .
he will also receive a # 1.5 million ` golden hello ' shares payment in august to compensate him for bonuses he forfeited when he left his previous job at commonwealth bank of australia in 2012 .
finance chief ewen stevenson received # 3.1 million last year , including a similar # 1.9 million ` golden hello ' payment -- this time for giving up for his old job at credit suisse .
last night labour mp john mann , a member of the treasury select committee