sam allardyce believes a lack of winter break is hampering premier league clubs in european competition .
chelsea were eliminated from the round of 32 in the champions league by paris st germain on away goals on wednesday night - whilst manchester city and arsenal both need to turn around first-leg defeats to barcelona and monaco , respectively if they are to advance .
liverpool and tottenham have been knocked out of the europa league with only everton still standing and allardyce feels a heavy festive schedule always catches english clubs out .
west ham boss sam allardyce says premier league clubs are suffering in europe because of no winter break .
chelsea were dumped out of the champions league on wednesday night by paris saint-germain .
thiago silva 's -lrb- right -rrb- extra-time header meant the french giants went through 3-3 on away goals .
' i think , like i have before , that we do n't help ourselves with our fixture list , ' the west ham boss said .
` playing as many games as we do through christmas and new year and not having the opportunity to shut the league down for a few weeks gives every club that plays in europe a disadvantage .
` when they come back to playing in europe they may have a considerable amount of injures in certain areas and mental fatigue kicks in on players - that is bound to have an effect when other teams have had the opportunity to take a break .
' swansea boss garry monk hailed the entertainment level of the premier league but believes english clubs still lack the tactical nous of their continental counterparts .
everton are the only premier league club still standing in the europa league .
swansea boss garry monk says premier league clubs should be doing better in europe .
` i 've always said the premier league is the best league in the world but more so for entertainment rather than technical and tactical situations in countries like spain , ' he said .
` the premier league is the best league in that it is the most entertaining , highest tempo , most ferocious and so much happens .
` whether we need to improve on the tactical i 'm not sure but we 've got some of the best managers in the world in