nico rosberg plans to ` dig in ' with all at mercedes in a bid to ensure this year 's formula one world title is not decided by gremlins and good luck .
after leading the championship standings for all but the monaco grand prix in may since winning the opener in australia , rosberg finds himself in the unusual position of being the hunter rather than the hunted .
retirement from sunday 's singapore grand prix due to a wiring loom failure in the steering column , combined with lewis hamilton 's win , means rosberg trails his team-mate by three points going into the final five races .
nico rosberg retired early from the singapore grand prix due to issues with his car .
with four technical retirements to their name , mercedes have incurred three more than ferrari and williams , two more than mclaren , and as many as red bull - remarkable when you consider the trouble they were in during pre-season .
throw in a number of other issues such as those suffered by rosberg in canada , and for hamilton during qualifying in germany and hungary , and you can appreciate the deep concern going forward .
hamilton , rosberg and mercedes motorsport boss toto wolff have all stated this week the destiny of the title must be decided on track , not via failures .
rosberg 's race ended when he could not get out of the pit lane due to mechanical problems .
it is why rosberg is eager to play his part and help the team leave no stone unturned to ensure he and hamilton stay trouble-free .
` there is no reason why we keep having these faults , ' said rosberg .
` it 's clear that 's the point we need to focus on the most because the performance is there , as we saw again in the race with lewis ' car which was strong , so it 's the reliability that needs to be improved .
' i now want to dig in with the team to try to understand what went wrong .
` it 's not that i 'll be demanding anything different from what i 've asked and hoped for in the past because they are already focusing a lot on reliability .
lewis hamilton won the singapore grand prix and over