by .
steve nolan .
published : .
04:03 est , 25 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:19 est , 25 january 2013 .
australia is sitting on oil reserves that could be worth trillions of dollars and make the region the largest producer of shale in the world .
consultants ' reports suggest that as much as 223 billion barrels of oil is contained in the outback of south australia , but it is not clear whether extracting the oil is commercially viable .
linc energy told the stock exchange that between 133 billion and 233 billion barrels of shale oil is trapped in the rocks of its 16 million acres of land in the arckaringa basin .
liquid gold : between 133billion and 23 billion barrels of shale oil is believed to be trapped in the rocks in the arckaringa basin -lrb- above -rrb- in australia .
but despite the huge reserves it is thought that only 3.5 billion barrels , worth an estimated $ 359 billion or # 227 billion can be retrieved .
linc energy chief executive peter bond has said that the find could change the face of the world 's oil industry , potentially surpassing the world 's current largest oil producer saudi arabia .
he told abc news : ` if you took the 233 billion -lrb- barrels -rrb- , well , you 're talking saudi arabia numbers .
` if arckaringa plays out the way our independent reports have shown , it 's one of the key prospective territories in the world at the moment .
worth exploring : if the company can extract the entire find the country would become one of , if not the biggest , oil exporter in the world .
location : despite the huge reserves it is thought that only 3.5 billion barrels , worth an estimated $ 359 billion or # 227 billion can be retrieved .
australia currently produces around 180 million barrels of oil a year and is said to have reserves of around 3.9 billion barrels of crude oil .
south australia 's mining minister tom koutsantonis said that it is too early to say whether the oil can be tapped .
shale oil is extracted from the ground by the process popularly known as fracking - which involves extracting oil reserves from underground by a process of hydraulic