by .
a. greg .
and james gordon .
the state department has now launched an investigation after one of cnn 's foreign correspondents allegedly bit two medical workers during a drunken fit at the us embassy in baghdad .
senior international correspondent a rwa damon was said to be drunk and abusive to medics stationed on the grounds of the embassy .
tracy lamar and charles simons , emts .
working for a private contractor in iraq , say damon chomped into each of .
their left arms as they tried to help her .
more than she could chew : arwa davis , a respected journalist who covers the middle east for cnn , allegedly bit two emts in a drunken rage .
top reporter : arwa damon speaks four languages and was recently awarded the courage in journalism award by the international women 's media foundation .
it 's alleged she bit both emts on their forearms as they tried to treat her on july 19 .
the medics were called to calm the correspondent after she became ` totally out of control .
' gossip .
and rumor column page six says the state department prepared a report .
on the incident , which was sent to cnn however damon continued working .
for the network regardless .
she .
then penned a groveling apology to us embassy staff about her .
` disastrous behavior , ' which she claims she does n't fully remember .
she .
said in an e-mail : ` it 's been an extremely stressful time , i was .
exhausted , i had not had proper food all day and clearly miscalculated .
how my body would handle the alcohol consumed ... needless to say , i am .
utterly mortified and take full responsibility for my actions , which are .
inexcusable .
' she .
added , ' i am being filled in on the details of my behavior .
i am beyond .
embarrassed .
my actions and words were entirely out of my character , .
and i hope that everyone can at some point forgive me .
' ` so .
once again , i am apologizing and extending my thanks to all that were .
involved in ensuring that i am , thankfully , in the end , taken care of .
and physically