former new york jets and tennessee titans running back chris johnson was reportedly injured in a drive by shooting early sunday morning that killed one .
the nfl player was riding in the passenger 's seat during the 4am shooting in his hometown of orlando , according to police .
johnson , 29 , is in stable condition at a local hospital after being shot in the shoulder but the jeep 's driver , dreekius oricko johnson , 28 , was killed .
former new york jet running back chris johnson , 29 , was shot in the shoulder during a suspected 4am drive-by shooting in orlando and the driver of the vehicle , dreekius oricko johnson .
aftermath : blood spatter can be seen on the sidewalk leading up from the street at the intersection of southland boulevard and south orange blossom trail in orlando .
bloody scene : police in orlando said the fatal shooting took place at just after 4am and left driver dreekius johnson dead .
busy : chris johnson , 29 , was shot in the shoulder while the driver of the vehicle he was traveling in died in the drive-by .
reggie johnson , 29 , was also riding in the car and was injured in the shoulder , hand and leg .
the johnsons said that an unidentified vehicle pulled alongside them when they were stopped at a red light and opened fire at 4.09 am .
police arrived at the intersection of southland boulevard and south orange blossom trail where the shooting took place .
the relationship between the johnsons was not provided by police .
chris johnson was arrested in orlando in january for second degree misdemeanor open carrying of firearms , a glock 9 mm and an fn 5.7 mm , according to the orlando sentinel .
chris johnson was arrested in orlando in january for second degree misdemeanor open carrying of firearms -lrb- right -rrb- .
he posted a picture on instagram -lrb- left -rrb- saying he was going to a show on saturday night .
police say the investigation into saturday night 's incident is ongoing and is being called a homicide , but no arrests have been made , according to espn .
the running back posted a picture on instagram in the hours before he was shot , saying that he was getting ready for a