by .
matt blake .
published : .
12:45 est , 20 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:47 est , 20 december 2013 .
british expats in south sudan have described their daring rescue by raf pilots as the african nation teeters on the brink of civil war .
hundreds of brits packed onto the runway at juba airport desperately waiting for the c17 globemaster to spirit them to safety while the distant sound of gunfire grew louder .
but minutes before the 266-tonne plane was due to arrive , a sudanese passenger jet crash landed on the tarmac making it impossible far any other plane to touch down .
dave .
stanley , who was waiting for evacuation , said the nose undercarriage of .
the boeing 737 appeared to have collapsed with the sound of an explosion .
as it landed completely blocking their only escape route .
stricken : the south sudanese boeing 747 , owned by nova air , crash landed on the runway blocking the british raf globemaster from landing .
relief : hundreds of british expats packed onto the plane after the daring landing as they fled the country that sits on the brink of all-out civil war .
above them circled the globemaster , which had completed a nine-hour , 3,500-mile journey from brize norton air base in oxfordshire , as air chiefs in britain prepared to call off the mission and try again tomorrow .
but by a stroke of luck , a crane belonging to the united nation happened to have been left in a nearby yard and .
the sudanese jet was eventually towed out of the way , allowing the .
pilot of the globemaster to make what the ministry of defence .
described as a ` daring , precision landing ' on the cleared runway .
globemaster : the c17 -lrb- pictured -rrb- is designed to carry out high-angle , steep approaches at relatively slow speeds , which allows it to operate into small airfields with short , narrow runways in difficult conditions .
mr .
stanley , from ashton in kent , told radio 4 's today programme that .
until sunday , juba had seemed calm with ` no warning of any trouble ' .
but on monday morning , he was told not to leave his hotel .
` we .
were