by .
jennifer newton .
these unsuspecting filmgoers thought they were in for a relaxing night at the cinema .
little did they know they would be given the shock of their lives when they were led into a creepy room and found a terrifying figure leaping out at them from a mirror .
but fortunately , it was all a stunt part of a promotion for the new karen gillan film , oculus and was filmed at an advanced screening of the movie .
scroll down for video .
the unsuspecting filmgoers were led into the creepy room in pairs with only a torch .
but when they approached the mirror , which is central to the film , a demon woman slams herself against it .
the shock of seeing the woman staring back at them in the mirror causes these two girls to run away in fright .
organisers say the prank , which terrified these competition winners was carried out using old fashioned theatre trickery .
around 350 competition winners and journalists attended the screening at the haymarket cineworld in central london .
but before the film they were sent into a dark room in pairs with just a torch for company and in the room is the haunted mirror , which features heavily in the film .
when the guests get close to the two way mirror , it begins to light up and then a ` demon ' woman slams against the glass , giving the filmgoers are huge fright .
but not content with giving their guests one scare , a statute to the right of the room starts to move towards them , scaring them once more .
an actress playing the demon woman was stationed behind a two-way mirror ready to scare the filmgoers .
one of the statues in the right of the room also had an actress inside , ready to give the guests another fright on their way out .
the stunt was part of a promotion for horror film oculus , starring karen gillan , pictured .
the film , which is released on friday , june 13 , stars the former doctor who assistant as a young woman who is convinced that an antique mirror is responsible for the death and misfortune her family has suffered .
organisers of the prank say they employed classic theatre