a wisconsin man had an asthma attack and died sunday morning , after police stopped the car rushing him to the hospital .
passenger casey kressin , 29 , was unresponsive after ems showed up and took him to st. joseph 's hospital , where he was pronounced dead , weau reported .
the car he was in was spotted by police speeding and going past a red light around 2:05 am , the chippewa falls police department said in a release .
` by the time that the officer was able to get close to the vehicle to make a traffic stop , it was probably about a mile later , ' wendy stelter , the town 's chief of police , said in an interview with the station .
scroll down for video .
passenger : casey kressin was suffering an asthma attack when the vehicle he was in was stopped by police for speeding and running a red light .
incident : the car kressin was in raced through this traffic light on its way to the hospital .
` when the officer made this traffic stop , there was an adult female that exited the driver 's side and there was an adult male that exited the passenger 's side , ' stelter also said .
the release stated that ` the operator -lsb- of the car -rsb- yelled to the officer that the man was having an asthma attack and that he needed to get to the emergency room .
` the man knelt down on the pavement near the rear of the stopped vehicle and indicated that he needed his inhaler .
' the police officer contacted an emergency dispatcher , and both the cop and the female driver tended to kressin before ems showed up around 2:12 am , chippewa falls police said .
stelter told weau ` just about six minutes later that ems arrived on scene and um , they then took the patient and transported him to the hospital and he was later pronounced deceased at the - at st. joseph 's hospital .
' chippewa falls police said that there was an autopsy at ramsey county medical center in minnesota .
` what was probably going on in that officer 's mind is that `` this man is sitting here and i ` going to keep him calm until