it was a semi-naked ring bearer wearing superman underpants and roller skates who stole the show at a recent texas wedding - not the bride .
bobby and shanna lockhart from lubbock decided to mix things up at their willy wonka-themed marriage ceremony last weekend and booked the elegant skater as a star guest .
video footage from their big day shows the topless male performer , known as quis , gliding along and handing over the rings at the alter .
he appears to be lost in deep concentration as he maintains a focused gaze .
the congregation sit watching , open-mouthed .
scroll down for video .
wheely in love : bobby and shanna lockhart from lubbock , texas , decided to book a rollerskating ring bearer for their recent wedding .
as he reaches his destination , quis makes a swift exit so the ceremony can continue .
newlywed shanna , who works in sales for an online real estate company , says she and her husband heard about quis via social media and thought his eccentric nature fitted perfectly with what they wanted to do .
sticking to the ` wacky ' theme , the church organ was adorned with candy-colored decorations and bags of chocolate were scattered around .
the bridesmaids - who wore dresses in all the colors of the rainbow - were also armed with giant edible lollipops in lieu of floral bouquets .
head-turner : the performer wore a superman outfit as he skated along , much to the congregation 's amusement .
comical : the stunt triggered laughter and applause from those watching in the pews .
star guest : the lockhart 's flew in the instagram-famous rollerskater in from florida because they wanted to make their nuptials extra special .
novel idea : the happy couple opted for a willy wonka-theme - chocolates were scattered everywhere , bridesmaids carried giant lollipops in lieu of floral bouquets and even the vicar got involved wearing a candy-stripe shirt .
meanwhile , the vicar stepped out in a colorful candy-stripe shirt and chinos .
when he 's not playing the role of ring bearer , quis likes to perform other zany stunts in his skimpy hero outfit .
he goes by the stage name ` superman drawls ' and to date his instagram page has attracted more than 195,000 followers .
many fans