a sunken vessel in the java sea has been confirmed as the wreck of the uss houston , a cruiser sunk by the japanese during a ferocious second world war battle .
it serves as the final resting place for about 700 sailors and marines .
the wreck has long been a popular recreational diving site , but has been confirmed by us and indonesian navy divers as being the remains of the houston , nicknamed the galloping ghost of the java coast .
scroll down for video .
wreck identified : u.s and indonesian navy divers have confirmed that a sunken vessel in the java sea is the crusier uss houston -lrb- pictured -rrb- , destroyed by the japanese in 1942 .
the wreck has been popular with recreational divers for a while - but it was only recently that the wreck was confirmed as that of uss houston .
the houston 's commanding officer , captain albert h rooks , posthumously received the medal of honor for extraordinary heroism .
the ship carried 1,068 crewmen , of which only 291 survived both the attack and being prisoners of war .
the japanese sank the houston during the battle of sunda strait on february 28 , 1942 .
the ship carried 1,068 crewmen , but only 291 sailors and marines survived both the attack and being prisoners of war .
the houston 's commanding officer , captain albert h rooks , posthumously received the medal of honor for extraordinary heroism .
firepower : president franklin roosevelt under the big guns of the uss houston in 1938 .
poignant : navy officials pass a wreath to sailors from the mobile diving salvage unit , who studied the wreck of the houston .
far from home : the wreck of the uss houston lies in the java sea .
uss houston was launched in 1929 and in the second world war was one of the u.s navy 's most powerful ships .
classed as a heavy cruiser , she was deployed to the java sea in 1942 to engage a formidable japanese force , along with ships from the british , australian and dutch navies .
in the battle of java sea in 1942 houston and 14 allied ships took the fight to 17 japanese war ships .
at the time it was the biggest sea battle since the battle of