by .
sam adams .
published : .
09:38 est , 8 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:51 est , 8 march 2013 .
if you like to drive fast you may want to avoid a village in ohio where more than 6,000 drivers are caught speeding each month .
nearly $ 1.5 million worth of fines have been issued to motorists since two traffic cameras were installed in elmwood place , near cincinnati , last september .
but a judge ruled yesterday that the devices , which issue 6,600 fines a month - at $ 105 each - violated drivers ' constitutional rights .
complaints : two speed cameras installed in elmwood place , ohio , -lrb- pictured -rrb- have been issuing fines at a rate of 6,600 a month , or three times the number of people who live in the village .
ruling : judge robert ruehlman has ruled that the fines violate the constitutional rights of drivers who he said are unable to effectively appeal against them .
village officials first approved the speed cameras last july .
the firm controlling the cameras gets 40 per cent of the revenue , while the rest goes to the village .
but opponents of the cameras - which issue ` civil penalties ' and do not add points to driver 's licences - said they were just a money making scheme , and launched a legal challenge against them .
and their campaign appears to have paid off , after a judge ruled yesterday that the devices ` violate drivers ' rights under the state constitution .
' hamilton county judge robert ruehlman 's .
said the cameras violated ` due .
process guarantees ' under the ohio constitution , fox news reports .
victory : attorney mike allen - who represented opponents in their legal fight against the fines - said the ruling is the first of its kind in the us .
he said hearings held for drivers to contest the fines , are ` nothing more than a sham ' as they would effectively be arguing against a written report ` produced by the company that owns the speed monitoring unit .
' attorney mike allen , .
whose firm brought the case , said this is the first time such a ruling has been made on speed cameras in the us