he may not be back to his absolute best yet , but robin van persie 's recent goalscoring form looks to have boosted his confidence ahead of manchester united 's game with liverpool .
the holland striker , who has scored three goals in his last three premier league games , is beginning to find his form after a slow start to the season , finding the net twice against southampton despite limited chances .
and van persie seems ready to continue his good form against bitter rivals liverpool on sunday after enjoying a strenuous training session with his team-mates on friday morning .
robin van persie adjusts his belt during manchester united training on friday ahead of the game against liverpool on sunday .
louis van gaal makes a point to assistant coach marcel bout as his team are put through their paces at carrington .
goalkeeper david de gea -lrb- left -rrb- strains against his rope while wayne rooney takes a break during the training session .
louis van gaal had the players attached to ropes to work on their strength , and both van persie and strike partner wayne rooney seemed to relish the exercise .
united are currently third in the premier league , seven points ahead of brendan rodgers ' side who sit ninth , and van persie is confident he can help his side keep their good momentum up after five consecutive wins .
` i 've been feeling very well over the last couple of weeks , ' van persie told the sun earlier this week .
radamel falcao talks with anderson -lrb- sporting a new haircut -rrb- as the united squad underwent a strenuous fitness session .
rooney leads the way over some hurdles as his team-mates , including the fit-again phil jones look on during friday morning 's session .
michael carrick , darren fletcher -lrb- recipient of our ian wooldridge award 2014 -rrb- , jonny evans , marouane fellaini and adnan januzaj warm-up .
` physically , i can make my runs over and over again .
i had a feeling that it was coming .
` i can play 90 minutes easy and every time it gets easier .
i could keep going in the last minutes and that 's what you want .
` then the goals , assists , wins will come .
i just have to