by .
allan hall .
published : .
09:46 est , 11 july 2012 .
| .
updated : .
09:47 est , 11 july 2012 .
a kindergarten teacher has been hailed a hero after jumping into a 75ft-deep mine to save the life of a three-year-old child .
ina koenig emerged bruised , cold , wet and tearful from the chasm near hanover , but rescued a little boy called jannic who would have drowned had she not gone in after him .
she neither knew how deep the hole was or if she could rescue him .
but she jumped in after him in a split second after he vanished into the earth .
heroic : kindergarten teacher ina koenig -lrb- in helmet -rrb- is pulled from a mine shaft by rescue workers after jumping down the 75ft hole to save a three-year-old pupil .
she had to fight for both their lives as they ended up in deep water in the flooded shaft at osterwald .
her heroism has hit the front pages of newspapers across germany and chancellor angela merkel has sent her congratulations to the 37-year-old for her ` courage ' .
ina is to receive a bravery award from the state of lower saxony for her actions and has also been recommended already for the federal cross of merit - germany 's highest civilian award for bravery .
for two hours , in the near freezing water , she kept the child 's head above the surface while she battled to stay afloat .
ordeal : three-year-old jannic is taken away on a stretcher after being kept afloat for two hours by his teacher before they were rescued by firefighters .
they clung to tree roots and bulges in the shaft that was just four and-a-half feet wide until firemen could eventually pull them free .
rescuers said it was only the body heat of jana that kept jannic alive in the water .
colleagues of her 's on the surface looking after the 39 other children from the st. nicolai kindergarten on a day out called the police and fire service .
the shaft was constructed to bring light into a coal mine that closed down years ago .
but the wooden planks meant to seal it off from the workings deep underground had rotted .
hidden in a copse of trees