by .
james rush .
graphic photographs taken during the liberation of denmark after five years of nazi rule show how gangs of men rounded up and abused conspirators and women accused of sleeping with germans .
the black and white images , taken after british paratroopers swept into the scandinavian country in 1945 , illustrate the anger and hatred the danes felt towards the german occupiers .
in one shocking series of images , a woman who is believed to have .
slept with a german is chased down and stripped before having swastikas .
painted over her .
in other images , which are only now coming to light as they go up for auction , men are taken away at gunpoint while another image shows a baying mob rip and burn a nazi swastika flag .
in a shocking series of images , taken following the liberation of denmark in 1945 , a woman who had slept with a german is chased down by a group of men .
the men grab hold of the woman as she tries to escape .
the brutal images depict the woman as she is pinned down on a bench by the group .
the woman is then stripped of her clothes before the men paint swastikas on to her .
the woman is understood to have been attacked by the group of men for sleeping with a german .
written beside some of the pictures of men being taken away is the danish word ` stikker ' which translates to ` mole ' .
the album also includes shots of a car riddled with bullet holes and a blood-soaked passenger seat .
another photo meanwhile depicts a celebratory scene of a truck carrying dozens of british paratroopers being cheered through the streets of copenhagen .
the album , which gives a stark insight into anger felt in the aftermath of the war , is now coming up for sale at c&t auctioneers of rochester , kent .
unlike other countries under german occupation , the danish government remained in power and the country continued to function relatively normally after leaders opted to cooperate with the nazi regime .
but , increasingly provoked by german soldiers ' brutality , resistance groups started to build momentum prompting mass strikes and demonstrations across the country .
when the danish government refused to prohibit