by .
rupert steiner .
published : .
23:27 est , 14 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:46 est , 15 february 2013 .
six water companies are accused of exploiting a loophole that wipes out tax due on billions of pounds of loans .
some of britain 's biggest water companies are controversially using tax havens to avoid paying millions in uk tax , a new investigation claims today .
six of them , including northumbrian , yorkshire and thames , are accused of exploiting a loophole that wipes out tax due on billions of pounds of loans .
the arrangements have emerged as water regulator ofwat announced last week that water bills would rise by 3.5 pc to an average of # 388-a-year per household .
controversial schemes taken by big firms to slash their tax bills are the centre of attention at the moment after mps slammed us giants like google and starbucks as ` immoral ' .
the government has announced new plans to clamp down on firms who push their revenues abroad out of the grasp of the taxman .
they will be prevented from winning lucrative whitehall contracts .
companies bidding for government contracts will have to provide details of their tax compliance history , including tax returns that have been judged incorrect , under the draft new rules announced yesterday .
proposals to change the law come as water firms northumbria , yorkshire , anglian , thames , south staffordshire and sutton and east surrey were thrust into the spotlight over their tax affairs .
an investigation by lobby group corporate watch shows all have taken big loans from investors which they are allowed to offset against their profits -- the figure over which corporation tax is calculated .
while we already knew firms reduced their tax bill by doing this we did not know that they had also found a way to avoid paying tax on the interest payments made on these loans .
normally when a uk company pays interest to a non-uk company it has to withhold 20pc of the payments and give it to the taxman .
but investors in the water companies have found a way round this by using a complex tax scheme .
they issued their loans through the channel islands stock exchange as something called ` quoted eurobonds ' which means they