two english hotels have scooped prizes at the 2015 tatler travel awards .
the pig on the beach at studland bay , dorset , was honoured for its locally sourced menu , while the ham yard hotel in london 's soho was handed the ` most fun ever ' award .
judges at the magazine praised the ham yard hotel 's restaurant , vibrant decoration and the vintage bowling alley that has been installed inside the building .
the pig on the beach in studland , dorset , was honoured for its locally-sourced menu at the tatler hotel awards .
the pig on the beach , a 23-bedroom country house , was awarded the ` feast and flop ' prize , with tatler 's judges remarking that the hotel was a ` home-grown marvel ' .
they added that guests ` come to feast - on locally-sourced everything , from just-landed lobsters and salad plucked from the kitchen garden , to home-smoked cod and chargrilled cuttlefish , and rhubarb cheesecake - all before collapsing in the scrumptious rooms .
' the two hotels beat off competition from a host of the world 's most luxurious venues .
the grand hotel tremezzo on italy 's lake como was named as the most romantic hotel , while the anassa hotel in neo chorio , cyprus , won the prize for the best family hotel .
there were also prizes for the brando resort in tetiaroa , french polynesia , which claimed the ` brains and beauty ' prize for its eco-friendly credentials .
the ham yard hotel in london 's soho was handed the ` most fun ever ' award .
judges at the magazine praised the hotel 's vibrant decoration and the vintage bowling alley that has been installed in the building .
the velaa private island resort at noonu atoll in the maldives was handed one of the evening 's top prizes , scooping the ` blockbuster villa ' award for its spectacular setting , with tatler praising it as ` the most beautiful place you could ever sleep in ' the grand hotel tremezzo on italy 's lake como was named as the most romantic hotel .
the magazine said : ` a certain hollywood star was behind this private slice of paradise on the other side of the world .
` he was a heartthrob and a screen