tom cleverley has hailed tim sherwood 's style and insists aston villa 's attacking gambles are paying off .
the midfielder helped villa reach the fa cup final after their 2-1 last-four victory over liverpool on sunday .
christian benteke and fabian delph scored to cancel out philippe coutinho 's opener as villa booked a final showdown with arsenal on may 30 .
tom cleverley has lauded the impact of tim sherwood after reaching the fa cup final with aston villa .
sherwood celebrates after villa beat liverpool 2-1 in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on sunday .
christian benteke -lrb- second right -rrb- levelled for villa after liverpool took the lead through philippe coutinho .
and manchester united loanee cleverley reckons boss sherwood 's gameplans are allowing villa to express themselves and clinch results .
` he has brought an attacking style of football .
at times we gamble , and it is a case of entertaining the fans and that 's what was needed to bring back to the football club , ' he said .
` along with some fantastic defensive displays , we are good to watch and it 's -lrb- a -rrb- great -lrb- team -rrb- to play in .
` i 'm playing with four fantastic midfielders here in westy -lrb- ashley westwood -rrb- , carlos -lrb- sanchez -rrb- and delphy , so it 's an absolute pleasure to play with them every week and i 'm really enjoying my football .
' holders arsenal , who beat hull 3-2 after extra-time last may , have thrashed villa 3-0 and 5-0 in the premier league this season and will go into the final as clear favourites .
but cleverley dismissed any suggestion the game is a foregone conclusion and believes villa can stun the gunners to win their first major trophy since 1996 .
villa midfield player fabian delph -lrb- left -rrb- scored the winner for his side in the 54th minute .
cleverley -lrb- second right -rrb- celebrates delph 's goal with villa team-mates and says they 're confident for the final .
' i think the fa cup final is a one-off day .
hull nearly managed to do it against them last year and we 'll be going into the match in full confidence , ' the 25-year-old told thefa.com .
` when we have played arsenal this year we