by .
jessica jerreat .
published : .
22:00 est , 13 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:43 est , 14 november 2013 .
questions have been raised over whether former nfl star brian holloway exaggerated damage caused by teenagers who held a party in his new york vacation home to help pay for repairs .
eight people were charged and more than $ 20,000 of damage was alleged to have been caused at the rural retreat during an illegal labor day party .
but the former patriots ' save the 300 campaign set up in the aftermath of the party is alleged to have been a way to raise money to repair the property before it was sold at a foreclosure auction .
auction : brian holloway 's new york vacation home was auctioned for $ 400,000 after damage caused by partying teenagers was repaired .
in an article on grantland , it is alleged that holloway failed to clearly distinguish between damage caused by young party-goers , and wear and tear on the stephentown property he had bought in 1981 .
the 54-year-old was also accused of being uncaring about the online abuse teenagers at the party on his 200-acre property received after he shared details of their social media profiles online .
` it 's not my responsibility .
it 's their parents ' responsibility to get that handled .
i would not want anyone to get hurt .
and unfortunately , they put themselves in harm 's way , ' he told grantland .
holloway , who played offensive tackle for .
the patriots and raiders in the 1980s , gained national attention by .
reposting party pictures the teenagers had put on social media websites .
he told mail online the allegations were ` nonsense , but expected , ' and added that the campaign ` is growing in response to the global outrage from all over the world ' .
he .
said he posted pictures of the teenagers involved on helpmesave300.com in an effort to .
get them to come forward , take responsibility for their actions and .
change their behavior .
the motivational speaker also collected .
donations for thehms300 campaign , named after the number of .
teenagers who allegedly partied at the property , and a breast cancer .
charity .
damage : holloway power washes