lewis hamilton has been criticised on twitter for posting and then deleting a video of himself driving at speed on a public road .
hamilton was enjoying some time off in monaco as he took his pagani zonda out for a spin before posting the clip online .
the mercedes driver wrote : ` launch control !! this is one of my babies , i love driving this car .
guess the car ?! # 0-100 #realquick #boss .
' lewis hamilton took to twitter to show off his drive in a pagani zonda .
the tweet was deleted shortly afterwards , but many of hamilton 's 2.4 million followers had already seen the clip and some were far from impressed .
one fan tweeted : ` think you should auction it for a road safety charity after irresponsible behaviour in the video you posted .
' although hamilton claimed his zonda can do 0-100kph in his tweet , there is no suggestion that the 29-year-old was breaking any laws during the 15-second clip .
hamilton 's life in the fast line will continue this weekend as the english driver looks to increase his three-point lead on nico rosberg in the japanese grand prix .
hamilton filmed part of his journey as the mclaren driver enjoyed some time off .
the mclaren star was driving a pagani zonda -lrb- pictured -rrb- through the streets of monaco .
hamilton , three points ahead of title rival nico rosberg , speaks to the assembled press ahead of sunday 's race .
speaking ahead of the race , hamilton believes he has matured since the last time he tasted formula one title success .
` back then it was all instinct , i think my maturity was at a very early stage and i probably think that is the biggest change and hopefully i will keep getting more and more mature .
` also my work ethic .
my work ethic is a lot better , more serious and more understanding - it seems to be working well for me .
hamilton leads the pack into the first corner at the singapore grand prix .
he went on to claim victory .
` this has been the most consistent and best-performing season i have had in formula one and i want to continue that for many , many years - it is like