this is the heart-stopping moment rescuers frantically try and save a man from his water-logged pickup truck .
raul alamillo jr. and brent english , both water utility workers for the city of dallas , were heading to a job on tuesday morning when they spotted the vehicle plunged into the 20-foot-deep white rock creek .
video footage captured by a witness shows them desperately trying to locate the driver as the truck slipped under the water 's surface .
caught on camera : this is the heart-stopping moment rescuers frantically try and save a man from his water-logged pickup truck .
quick-thinking : raul alamillo jr. and brent english , both water utility workers for the city of dallas , were heading to a job on tuesday when they spotted the vehicle plunged into the 20-foot-deep white rock creek .
one of the men is seen wading over to the passenger window and smashing it open with a hammer .
the water is leveled to the bottom of the window sill and continues to rise .
unable to get to the driver from that side , another rescuer manages to wrench the other cabin door open .
it then takes a bit of team effort to swim the pickup driver to the water 's edge .
his body is hauled on dry land with his clothes completely drenched .
going , going , gone : video footage captured by a witness shows them desperately trying to locate the driver as the vehicle gradually slips under the water 's surface .
all in a day 's work : the driver was rushed to hospital and is in a stable condition .
the unidentified man was apparently another city worker and lost control of his equipment and building services truck while having medical complications .
oscar andrade , who was also involved in the rescue mission , told fox news that the driver appeared to be having a seizure or heart attack .
the man was later rushed to hospital and reported to be in a stable condition .
it took crews several hours to pull his truck from the creek .
alamillo , english and andrade are now being hailed as heroes for their life-saving efforts .