by .
chris greenwood .
published : .
11:17 est , 6 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:46 est , 7 june 2013 .
more than 40 ` predatory ' foreign rapists were able to enter britain in a single year undetected , police have revealed .
scotland yard said the dangerous criminals were only uncovered thanks to a drive to discover the backgrounds of overseas suspects .
officers said improved checks revealed a previously undiscovered stream of foreigners with a history of serious crime .
staggering : scotland yard has found that there are more than 40 ` predatory rapists ' living in london who have already been convicted abroad of sex crimes .
as a result police have pledged to .
throw hundreds of foreign suspects out of the country every week , even .
when they have not been convicted of a crime .
immigration judges will be asked to .
deport rapists , thugs and thieves on the strength of ` intelligence .
dossiers ' collected by investigators .
serious offenders can be thrown out .
even when they have not been convicted if an immigration tribunal deems .
them a danger to the public .
in one recent case a 46-year-old .
jamaican drug addict rapist was thrown out of the country after being .
linked to a string of sexual offences in south london .
despite remaining unconvicted , an immigration tribunal ruled lincoln farquharson was a danger to the public and deported him .
one in three arrested in the capital -- around 70,000 people every year -- is a foreign national .
metropolitan police commander steve .
rodhouse said police are working with immigration officials to .
investigate the past of all foreign suspects .
he said : ` our work gives us much .
better knowledge of those people in the uk and how they are offending .
we have identified more than 40 predatory rapists convicted overseas in .
the uk who we would otherwise not been aware of .
` these are people who are getting arrested for low level crimes like shoplifting and are exposed after further checks .
' kicked out : jamaican lincoln farquharson had been charged with multiple rape and has been deported and banned from returning to the uk for at least 10 years .
top officers at britain 's largest