president barack obama today condemned the ` cowardly , evil attack ' on a satirical newspaper in france - two years after the white house questioned its judgment for publishing caricatures of the prophet muhammad .
speaking from the oval office about the massacre at the charlie hebdo offices in paris , obama said his thoughts were with the people of france , which he called ` america 's oldest ally ' .
` for us to see the kind of cowardly , evil attacks that took place today , i think reinforces once again why it 's so important for us to stand in solidarity with them just as they stand in solidarity with us , ' he said .
the paper had been repeatedly threatened for publishing caricatures of the prophet muhammad , and in 2012 , the white house roundly criticized the paper for the cartoons .
scroll down for video .
support : president obama spoke from the oval office on wednesday -lrb- pictured -rrb- to offer his support to france following what he called an ` outrageous attack ' on a satirical weekly newspaper on wednesday morning .
somber : obama spoke beside vice president joe biden and secretary of state john kerry on wednesday .
on september 19 , 2012 then-white house press secretary jay carney slammed the magazine 's ` judgment ' for publishing the artwork .
` we are aware that a french magazine published cartoons featuring a figure resembling the prophet muhammad , and obviously we have questions about the judgment of publishing something like this , ' carney told reporters at a press briefing .
` we know these images will be deeply offensive to many and have the potential be be inflammatory , ' he warned .
on wednesday , the president said that he would help france pursue those responsible for the attack on the journalists and , in turn , freedom of the press .
` the values that we share with the french people , of freedom of expression , is something that ca n't be silenced because of this senseless violence , ' he said .
he went on : ` we will stand with the people of france during this very , very difficult time .
' attack : a victim of the shooting at charlie hedbo 's offices in paris on wednesday is