by .
katy winter and paul harris .
published : .
06:57 est , 1 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:09 est , 2 october 2013 .
there 's nothing quite like it after a hard day in the park .
chill out ... have your nails done ... relax with a facial ... .
then get someone to smooth all those nasty tangles from your hair with a luxury conditioner and massage , and finish it off with some coco chanel spray .
ah , the comforts of being a pampered pooch -- provided your devoted owner can cover a bill that could run into hundreds .
the services are being offered for dogs , cats and even horses by michelle inch , 25 , at her pawfection pet boutique in barry , south wales .
michelle 's tea-cup chihuahua peekaboo is treated to a nail treatment , which costs # 5 and allows you to match your own nail colour to your dog 's .
pawfection pet boutique , barry , has more than 2,000 clients on the books , including celebrities and wags , who pay up to # 100 a time for their pets to enjoy luxury treatments such as facials .
the animal lover , who spends # 6,000 a year on clothing and grooming her two dogs , already has more than 2,000 clients on her books .
michelle spent more than # 40,000 to set up the business , which offers a range of luxury pampering treatments for pooches .
as well as the usual grooming , dog lovers can treat their beloved pets to a facial treatment to remove tear stains for # 10 .
they can also be treated to a variety of fun and colourful fur dyes and glitter designs , costing between # 60 and # 100 .
the salon - which is kitted out with a diamante chandelier , polished granite flooring , and plush french furniture - even features a pet spa with a luxury walk-in wetroom .
a satisfied customer shows off the results of michelle 's grooming .
michelle in the salon with her chihuahua peekaboo , who clearly enjoys sampling the treatments .
the salon sells wedding outfits , quirky fancy dress costumes , lifejackets and even hiking boots for dogs of all sizes .
michelle , who has a six