they 're great at cleaning carpets , but when it comes to getting dust and dirt off a wooden floor vacuum cleaners can leave a lot to be desired .
now engineers at dyson may have the answer -- a new model designed specifically for hard flooring .
the firm 's cordless v6 fluffy vacuum cleaner -- which goes on sale today costing # 399 -- aims to cater for the growing trend for exposed wooden floorboards , ceramic tiles and vinyl or laminate flooring .
scroll down for video .
the firm 's cordless v6 fluffy vacuum cleaner -- which goes on sale today costing # 399 -- aims to cater for the growing trend for exposed wooden floorboards , ceramic tiles and vinyl or laminate flooring .
engineers have replaced the traditional spinning bristles -- which were designed to drive dust out of a carpet -- with a large soft nylon brush similar to a paint roller which scoops dust and dirt from hard floors .
the key difference between the new technology and dyson 's traditional bagless vacuums is in the roller bar .
engineers have replaced the traditional spinning bristles -- which were designed to drive dust out of a carpet -- with a large soft nylon brush similar to a paint roller which scoops dust and dirt from hard floors .
larger pieces of debris such as spilled cornflakes are grabbed by the soft material and passed into the machine 's suction stream , while microscopic grains of dust are brushed up by strips of carbon fibre filaments .
sir james dyson said previously that the company ` must relentlessly invent ' to keep up with changing demand .
dyson claims the v6 fluffy is particularly good at sucking dirt out of the crevices between floorboards , and is able to pick up a whole 1kg bag of sugar in just four seconds .
powered by the dyson digital motor v6 , and digitally controlled , the motor spins at up to 110,000 rpm to create the most powerful cordless vacuum .
it gives up to 20 minutes of powerful fade-free suction .
the vacuum features a special soft roller cleaner head with soft woven nylon , and rows of anti-static carbon fiber filaments .
15 two-tier radial ™ cyclones , arranged across two tiers , also work in parallel to increase airflow and capture