countless books , paintings and films have attempted to portray pompeii and its subsequent destruction in 79ad .
and now the famous italian location has been immortalised in lego .
named lego pompeii , the reconstruction took a master lego builder 470 hours to complete and consists of more than 190,000 individual blocks .
the lego pompeii reconstruction -lrb- pictured -rrb- took a master lego builder 470 hours to complete and consists of more than 190,000 individual blocks .
it is on display at sydney university 's nicholson museum .
it was constructed by ryan mcnaught , also known as the brickman , and is on display at sydney university 's nicholson museum .
the museum said the reconstruction is the largest model of the ancient city ever made out of lego blocks .
it shows how the town would have looked at the moment of destruction in 79ad , how it looked when it was rediscovered in the 1700s , and how it looks today .
since 2012 , the museum has commissioned mr mcnaught to recreate three ancient sites , including a replica of the colosseum in rome and the lego acropolis .
the study of the cities of vesuvius is central to the higher school certificate -lrb- hsc -rrb- ancient history syllabus at the university .
it was built by ryan mcnaught , known as the brickman -lrb- pictured -rrb- , and shows how the town would have looked at the moment of destruction in 79ad , how it looked when it was rediscovered in the 1700s , and today .
the forum of pompeii recreated in lego is pictured .
it also shows features of the ancient city such as bakeries and bars , temples and marketplaces .
the legacy of pompeii in popular culture is also shown , from bulwer-lytton 's novel the last days of pompeii -lrb- 1834 -rrb- to more recent hollywood movies , such as pompeii -lrb- 2014 -rrb- .
pompeii was a large roman town in the italian region of campania destroyed by a volcanic eruption from nearby mount vesuvius in 79ad .
reports claim that two thousand people died , and the location was abandoned until it was rediscovered in 1748 .
many of the buildings , artefacts and skeletons were found intact under a layer of debris .
it is now classified as a unesco world heritage site and