by .
martha cliff for mailonline .
treasure chests , battle ships and transformers .
you might be fooled into thinking that this is the contents of a toy box - but these are , in fact , the cake creations of mike mccarey .
mike mccarey from redmond , washington , spends hours in the kitchen sculpting his amazing creations - including the world-famous macy 's store - made entirely from edible ingredients .
the father-of-one set up his own bakery , mike 's amazing cakes , in 1993 and has been sculpting his stunning cakes there ever since .
attention to detail : mike creates incredible cake creations with purely edible ingredients .
for the inventive baker no design is too big , with the majority of his creations being directed by customer 's often bizarre requests .
` designs come from a variety of places , but are mostly guided by the individual client 's desires , ' says the baker .
` the concept being presented should be as accurate and true to life or as animated as possible and should have as unique a perspective as can be conjured up .
' mike 's attention to detail is astonishing : his ship cake features minature cannons meticulously created from icing , while his sugar hummingbirds appear to hover beside their flowers .
light option ?
this lighthouse cake would n't look out of place in a model village -lrb- left -rrb- and mike defies gravity with his icing hummingbirds .
mike says that his work is heavily influenced by architecture , pictured here is an edible version of new york 's famous department store - macy 's .
mike 's creations are influenced by artists and illustrators such as alphonse mucha , norman rockwell and james christensen .
the baker says that his eye for detail and accurate depictions have come from a fascination with building design and intricate drawings .
` my work is constantly influenced by the structural principals of architecture .
' i like to draw inspiration from a wide range of illustrators such as alphonse mucha , norman rockwell and james christensen .
' mike makes his work look effortless but the cake designer says that he has come across some near impossible challenges .
mike demonstrates his exquisite attention to detail with this treasure chest cake .
life like :