they recently announced their engagement after a four year romance but now lady gaga and her fiance taylor kinney have been a glimpse of what their future may hold .
thanks for forensic artist joe mullins , the happy couple can see what their children may look like one day .
joe , who started his career as a graphic designer , took two recent images of gaga and taylor and used them to predict what their family could look like .
scroll down for video .
forensic artist joe mullins has used recent pictures of lady gaga and her fiance taylor kinney to imagine what their children would look like - this is what he predicts their daughter could look like .
this picture shows what joe predicts taylor and gaga 's son could look like , he has his father 's strong jaw line .
the little girl shares gaga 's big wide eyes while the little boy is predicted to have inherited his father 's strong jaw line .
taylor proposed to his musical girlfriend on valentine 's day this year .
presenting her with a large heart shaped diamond ring .
the couple first met in 2011 when he starred in her video for her hit song , you and i. 28-year-old gaga , whose real name is stefani , has previously professed her desire to have children .
in an interview with oprah in 2012 she said : ` yes , i want kids , i want a soccer team .
' lady gaga and taylor kinney got engaged on valentine 's day this year , the pair have been dating since 2011 .
after getting engaged to taylor gaga posted this picture of her heart shaped diamond ring on instagram .
she has previously spoken out about how supportive taylor , 33 , is of her and her career .
she told the times last year : ` he 's supportive of everything i do .
` he loves me from the inside out , and he is completely blind to the way that i dress , my creative process as it is .
he knows me as the italian-american girl my mother and father gave birth to .
' she said of having children with the actor : ` to be honest , having my own kids will be like having three little