a high court family judge who divorced after committing adultery with a younger woman called yesterday for the abolition of the legal rights and responsibilities of marriage .
sir nicholas mostyn , 57 , said that there was no difference between the relationships of married and unmarried couples , and condemned the divorce system that gives special protection to wives .
` it is not the role of the state , in my humble opinion , to go round telling people how they should form their relationships , ' he said .
sir nicholas mostyn , 57 , said there was no evidence to suggest married relationship is more stable than cohabitation and condemned the divorce system that gives special protection to wives .
he said state support for marriage was ` social engineering ' and there was no evidence to show a married relationship is more stable than cohabitation .
` i do not support two classes of adjudication depending on whether there happens to be a marriage , ' he said .
` i support the extension of the existing system of judicial equitable distribution to the unmarried , warts and all .
' the judge , who sits as mr justice mostyn , said there should be no difference in the way the courts treat the break-up of relationships of any kind .
his own divorce came in 2012 after he walked out on his wife lucy in 2010 to live with divorce barrister elizabeth saunders , 42 .
mrs saunders 's barrister husband mark was shot dead by police marksmen during a siege off king 's road in chelsea in 2008 .
sir nicholas mostyn left his wife for divorce barrister elizabeth saunders , above , in 2010 .
during his less than amicable parting from his wife , sir nicholas was reported to have obtained an order to stop her speaking publicly about their break-up .
however , his lawyers refused to say which court granted the order , or give any detail of its terms .
lady mostyn refused and later told friends that the attempt to silence her amounted to ` pathetic bullying ' .
the couple 's joint assets ran into millions of pounds .
they had a grade ii-listed home in little berkhamsted , hertfordshire , with hundreds of acres .
sir nicholas was until 2010 a divorce qc .
said