by .
meghan keneally .
published : .
11:36 est , 12 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
16:45 est , 12 february 2014 .
a wine expert has blasted the white house for serving ` cheap ' vintages that cost about $ 50 or less at tuesday 's state dinner for the french president .
it comes as little surprise that the wines served at the gala were all from american vineyards , but wine blogger and new york university professor tyler colman criticized the choices for being driven by the budget at opposed to the quality of the wine .
` the obama white house seems to have made a conscious choice to bring down the price of the wines .
this is unfortunate : given the white house policy of only serving american wines , they really should showcase the best of what america is making , irrespective of price , ' mr colman wrote on his blog , dr vino .
scroll down for video .
gala glasses : the state dinner held on tuesday at the white house was in honor of french president francois hollande 's trip to america .
enjoying the spread : mr hollande , who was conspicuously without a date after he split from his longtime girlfriend amid affair rumors , sat between the obamas at the 300-person gala .
` sure , state dinners are expensive , but has anyone taken a look at the department of defense budget and procurement lately ?
fine wine at a state dinner is the equivalent of a few toilet seats and wrenches at the dod .
' the wine in question included a 2011 white morlet ` la proportion doree ' from napa valley , a chester-kidder red blend from washington state and a thibaut-jannison dessert chardonnay from monticello , virginia .
the napa white retails between $ 45 and $ 60 per bottle , the red blend averages around $ 50 and the dessert wine comes in as the cheapest at $ 30 .
one explanation for the price-conscious selections is that the obama administration has been criticized for going the other direction in the past .
whining over wine : the selections included a 2011 white morlet ` la proportion doree ' from napa valley -lrb- left -rrb- , a chester-kidder red blend from washington state -lrb- center -rrb-