commuters streaming into new york city today endured lengthy waits , crowded platforms and trains crammed full with disgruntled passengers - a week after superstorm sandy ravaged the country .
the monday morning rush hour gave the recovering transit system its first stress test , revealing massive problems that still persist a week after public transport ground to a halt across the city .
carriages were so crowded on the long island rail road that scores of people missed their trains , while queues for the ferry in jersey city stretched to several hundred people by daybreak .
nearly all subway lines are now running and service has been restored on key lines connecting manhattan and brooklyn - yet officials warned travellers they could still experience problems .
hectic : people wait at a crowded subway stop as the city tries to recover from the effects of hurricane sandy in brooklyn , new york .
some of the city 's transit system is still not operating .
waiting : most of the subway lines are running , but trains are less frequent and slower .
other water-logged subway tunnels are still not ready for rush hour and .
that trains will be less frequent and slower than normal , officials said .
the subway system , which carries 5.5 .
million riders daily , still suffers from damage to underwater tunnels , .
submerged tracks near the coastline and wrecked stations and equipment , they added .
` service will not be normal tomorrow , .
and we need you to understand that before you enter the system , ' gov. andrew cuomo warned on sunday .
workers called their employers .
from crowded platforms to ask to work from home , while .
others tried to figure out complicated routes to their offices .
` there 's not much we can do , ' said louis holmes as he waited to .
board a ferry in jersey city to his job as a security guard at .
manhattan 's september 11 memorial site .
` we 'll get there whatever time we can , and our jobs have to understand .
it 's better late than absent .
' manic : people wait in a line to enter a crowded subway stop in brooklyn during the monday morning commute .
desperate : a man looks at the line to