by .
mark prigg .
and jonathan o'callaghan .
it was the diy project that captured the hearts of space enthusiasts the world over - could a team of scientists really re-gain control of a long-thought dead spacecraft ?
in late may they wowed us all by making first contact - but now the project has , sadly , come to an end .
tanks on the spacecraft that were once full of nitrogen gas , needed to fire the thrusters , appear to be empty .
scroll down for video .
a team of citizen scientists has successfully regained control of the once-thought ` dead ' isee-3 spacecraft -lrb- illustration shown -rrb- .
the team made first contact with the probe in late may and has now fired the thrusters on the vehicle , with a view to flying past the moon on 10 august .
isee-3 .
was the first satellite to study the constant flow of solar wind .
streaming toward earth from a stable orbit point between our planet and .
the sun known as the lagrangian 1 , or l1 .
monitoring that wind helped scientists better understand the .
interconnected sun-earth system , which at its most turbulent can affect .
satellites around earth .
in .
1984 , it was given a new mission and called the international cometary .
explorer .
in september 1985 , it passed through the tail of comet .
giacobini-zinner , making it the first spacecraft to gather data from a .
comet .
it also went on to .
fly by comet halley in march 1986 .
from 1991 until 1997 , when it was too .
far away for reliable communications , this satellite continued to .
investigate the sun .
now it 's coming home to visit - making its closest approach to earth in august .
without thrusters , there is no way to push the 36-year-old spacecraft , the international sun-earth explorer-3 , or isee-3 , onto a trajectory to be captured back in earth orbit .
instead , isee-3 , which is otherwise in working order , will just fly by .
` odds are , there is nothing we can do , ' keith cowing , a leader of the effort , said .
` we think there is a chance that the nitrogen used as a pressurant for the monopropellant