by .
sarah johnson .
published : .
16:11 est , 31 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:19 est , 31 january 2013 .
the hunchback of notre dame would be jumping for joy at the news .
nine new enormous bronze bells have arrived at the paris cathedral to replace the old ones that had been discordant for decades , and to help the landmark rediscover its historical harmony .
the bells , named after saints , and prominent catholic figures , will be on display at notre dame from saturday until february 25 when they will be hoisted to its iconic twin towers .
new arrival : nine new enormous bronze bells arrived at notre dame cathedral in paris as part of celebrations to mark 850 years since it was built .
spectacle : visitors gather around the new bells in front of the landmark in paris .
the new bells are scheduled to ring for the first time march 23 , in time for palm sunday and easter week .
the diocese decided to have new ones cast .
as part of celebrations marking 850 years since the beginning of the .
cathedral 's construction in 1163 .
it took nearly 90 years to build .
although the sound of notre dame will no .
longer be that of the medieval bells fictionally operated by french .
author victor hugo 's hunch-backed bell-ringer , quasimodo , it will be a .
great improvement .
the old bells , which dated from different .
periods throughout notre dame 's history , were out of tune with each .
other and with emmanuel , which has hung in the cathedral since the 17th .
century , according to cathedral officials .
the bells !
the bells !
a truck loaded with paris ' notre dame cathedral new bells crosses the place de l'etoile in front of the arc de triomphe in paris .
journey : eight of the nine new bells were cast in a foundry in the normandy town of villedieu-les-poeles before they were sent on a convoy of trucks to paris .
a new bell known as gabriel bound for the notre dame cathedral is transported on a truck past concorde square in paris .
eight .
of the nine new bells were cast in a foundry in the normandy town of .
villedieu-les-poeles