by .
nick enoch .
published : .
09:16 est , 14 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:56 est , 14 may 2013 .
in may 1943 , an audacious raid by the raf 's 617 squadron destroyed the industrial heart of nazi germany .
twelve years later , it was immortalised on film .
now , never-before-seen photographs from the set of classic movie the dam busters have emerged ahead of the 70th anniversary , on thursday , of the legendary world war ii mission .
the backstage images give a new insight into how the famous attack on the ruhr dams was recreated for the 1955 film .
one shows a scenery artist at work on a small-scale model of the edersee dam , which the raf lancasters breached with their bouncing bombs .
scroll down for video of dam busters film .
one of the never-before-seen pictures from the making of the film the dam busters .
above , a member of the art department working on a scale model of the edersee dam .
the movie told the story of the 1943 raid by raf 617 squadron , whose lancaster bombers breached dams in the ruhr valley , including the edersee .
in this photo on the making of the 1955 film , a designer makes the wing of a lancaster bomber look like it has been shot at .
crew members involved in the making of the film .
the collection 's owner , who wants to remain anonymous , compiled the stack of black and white images while researching a book about the dambusters .
an aerial picture of lincoln cathedral by polish raf pilot ted szuwalski , who flew a lancaster bomber in the film , also forms part of the set .
the picture was taken from the cockpit of a lancaster .
another shows a member of the art department working on a lancaster bomber to make the wing look like it has been shot at .
the photographs also include a shot .
of derwent dam in derbyshire where the real-life dambusters trained and .
which was used in the filming .
a wonderful aerial picture of lincoln .
cathedral by polish pilot ted szuwalski , who flew a lancaster bomber in .
the film , also forms part of the set .
other photographs include group