by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
young britons should think about the ` destructive ' impact on their families before travelling to syria , theresa may warned today .
the home secretary issued a blunt messaging declaring ` do n't go to syria ' as she backed a campaign highlighting the effects on communities in the uk when people join jihadist militants .
more than 400 people are thought to have left britain for syria and iraq to join rebel fighters , sparking fears they will become radicalised to launch terror attacks when they return home .
home secretary theresa may issued a blunt messaging declaring ` do n't go to syria ' a new nationwide campaign - families matter -- was launched today by not-for-profit organisation families against stress and trauma -lrb- fast -rrb- to urge people to stop their relatives from travelling to join the conflicts .
mrs may said : ` this campaign addresses one of the most significant issues facing communities up and down britain -- the extremely damaging effect of young people choosing to travel to syria and now iraq .
` while many may be motivated by a desire to help the country , the result and impact on these people , their families and often on the communities they are trying to support is very destructive indeed .
' several high-profile incidents have led to a national effort to prevent young people travelling to iraq and syria .
last month two men from cardiff and a man from aberdeen featured in an online recruitment video urging western muslims to join the fighting with the islamic state in iraq and greater syria -lrb- isis -rrb- group .
mrs may joined the families matter launch in london , warning of the impact on communities left behind at home when loved ones joining fighting in iraq and syria .
mrs may added : ' i am clear , in relation to people who are going to syria and returning as terrorists , the government will take action .
` over 400 uk-linked individuals have now travelled to syria since the uprising began .
anyone travelling to syria and iraq is exposing themselves to serious risks and the government strongly advises against it .
` providing a campaign called families matter is about supporting the families .
remember the family and the stress and