by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
19:40 est , 27 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
20:32 est , 27 september 2012 .
the renoir painting that caused a sensation when it was bought at a flea market for $ 7 may have been stolen from a museum six decades ago , and an auction house has put its sale on hold .
the planned saturday auction has been canceled after documents in the baltimore museum of art 's library were uncovered which reveal that the painting was on loan there from 1937 until 1951 , when it was stolen .
the impressionist painting , whose title translates as ` landscape on the banks of the seine , ' was purchased two years ago at a west virginia flea market .
scroll down for video .
stolen painting : the renoir was discovered at a flea market in virginia and bought unwittingly for $ 7 .
bma director doreen bolger could have the painting returned to her gallery .
the buyer , a virginia woman who has not revealed her name , took it to auction house the potomack co. in july , and experts there confirmed it was by the french master pierre-auguste renoir .
the frame of the painting includes a ` renoir ' plaque .
it had been expected to fetch $ 75,000 or more at auction .
` potomack is relieved this came to light in a timely manner as we do not want to sell any item without clear title , ' said elizabeth wainstein , the owner of the alexandria , va.-based auction house .
potomack and museum officials have notified the fbi about the theft , and an fbi spokesman said the bureau was investigating .
the documents , discovered by the washington post , indicate that the painting was part of .
the collection of saidie may , a major donor to the bma .
it was reported .
stolen on nov. 17 , 1951 , according to the documents , although there is .
no known police report and the painting does not appear on a worldwide .
registry of stolen art .
the reported theft occurred shortly .
after may 's death , and the painting had not yet been formally accepted .
into the museum 's collection , which is why museum officials did