by .
simon tomlinson .
published : .
08:16 est , 12 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:34 est , 12 july 2013 .
drug dealers quite literally framed themselves after brazenly posing for photographs while kissing and counting their dirty money .
gang leader michael adegoke and mule peter cavanagh were part of a mob who netted # 30,000-a-month from selling heroin and cocaine .
adegoke - nicknamed flakey - used cavanagh to deliver the drugs to the west country and return to london with the profits .
busted : drugs mule peter cavanagh pictured himself on a train holding a bundle of cash from a recent deal .
trail of evidence : michael adegoke , who led a gang which netted # 30,000 a month from selling class a drugs , counts his ill-gotten gains .
cavanagh , 26 , took photos of himself brandishing a wad of cash on one of his train journeys back to the capital .
they were caught when two of their female dealers were busted on the streets of weston-super-mare , somerset .
addicts tracey carter , 37 , and isabel cristiano , 46 , were caught with cocaine hidden in their underwear and private parts .
police linked them to adegoke and cavanagh and found the damning photos on their mobile phones .
all four pleaded guilty at bristol crown court to conspiracy to supply heroin and cocaine .
adegoke , 21 , from london , was jailed for five years .
sentencing of cavanagh , of no fixed abode , was adjourned .
mule : cavanagh would deliver the drugs to the west country and return to london with the profits .
carter and cristiano , both from weston-super-mare , were given two-year suspended sentences .
judge julian lambert told them : ` each of you played a different role in what is a highly corrosive trade .
` those of you who are addicts know the degradation that accompanies addiction .
all of you bear a heavy burden of responsibility .
' charles thomas , prosecuting , said the gang distributed class a drugs into weston for two months at the end of last year .
brought to justice : cavanagh and the three other gang members pleaded guilty at bristol crown court to conspiracy to supply heroin and cocaine .
he said : ` the