by .
ted thornhill .
dolphins are rightly known as being one of the most acrobatic species of sea creature -- but 32 humans recently proved they can give them a run for their money , with a little help from some cutting edge technology .
they were performing at the first-ever flyboard north american championship in toronto at the weekend .
the flyboard was only invented three years ago -- by frenchman franky zapata -- so the fact that there is already a world championship for riders shows just what a splash the devices have made .
scroll down for videos .
power : thrust for the flyboard comes from a ` personal water craft ' that creates jets of water .
nautical but nice : competitors at the flyboard world championship in toronto had three and a half minutes to impress judges .
vip : one of the judges was flyboard inventor franky zapata .
riders are able to perform incredible nautical gymnastics by strapping themselves into two boots and powering themselves into the air using jets of water .
thrust comes from a pwc -- or personal water craft -- with a minimum of 100 horse power .
water is pumped by this engine through a hose that runs into a board the rider stands on and gushes out of the jets beneath it .
the pilot , using a throttle , controls the power of the water , allowing him or her to rise up to 35 feet in the air .
video courtesy youtube .
flyboys : the pilots are able to swoop in and out of the water .
making waves : the sport of flyboarding is growing fast .
up , up and away : this competitor in toronto looks down at the water far below .
they can plummet below the surface by cutting the power , then shoot out again by snapping it back on .
mr zapata was one of the judges at sunday 's competition , in which competitors with names such as the super dolphin and the swagged out dolphin , had three and a half minutes to score points using showmanship , amplitude , technique , diversity and energy .
west virginia flyboard veteran aaron gould told the toronto star : ` being up there flying around is every man 's dream .
you feel like a