by .
james andrew .
follow @@ jamesandrew _ .
the first round of games in the world cup was one of the most exciting ever with 49 goals scored in the opening 16 matches with just one draw -- the goalless encounter between iran and nigeria .
sportsmail , with the help from stats partner opta , have put together the team of the first round of games .
leading the line is germany 's thomas muller who heads the race for the golden boot with his hat-trick against portugal .
view scroll down to see the best xi of the first round of games .
leading the line : thomas muller scored a hat-trick in germany 's win over portugal .
at the double : karim benzema scored twice in france 's win over honduras .
good start : alexis sanchez scores past australia 's goalkeeper mathew ryan during their opening game .
the team was put together with opta 's scoring system , which awards/subtracts points for positive/negative statistics .
this index takes in to consideration over 250 different statistical categories .
france striker karim benzema is just behind on two goals after didier deschamps ' side looked impressive against honduras in their opening fixture .
chile 's alexis sanchez also make the xi for his performance in the win over australia .
one of the favourites for the competition , argentina , got off to a good start with a 2-1 win over bosnia and herzegovina and javier mascherano earns his place in the midfield after a strong performance .
making his mark : javier mascherano played a key role in argentina 's win over bosnia .
key goal : oscar duarte scored in costa rica 's surprise win over uruguay .
safe hands : salvatore sirigu made some important saves in italy 's win over england .
belgium came from behind against algeria in their opening game and axel witsel makes the midfield with an impressive pass sucess rate of 90 per cent .
juan cuadrado played a part in two of colombia 's goals as they beat greece 3-0 , and he also makes the midfield .
vassili berezoutski helped russia to a 1-1 draw in the final game in the first round of matches and earns his place at the back due to making a number of important clearances .
keeping it tight