by .
press association reporter .
james vince led hampshire to their fifth consecutive appearance at finals day with a five-wicket victory in their natwest t20 blast quarter-final against nottinghamshire at trent bridge .
the hampshire captain scored an undefeated 93 from 51 balls , with 11 fours and four sixes to reach the winning line with an over to spare .
earlier , the home side had posted 197 for two , having elected to bat first , with riki wessels , samit patel and alex hales all scoring half centuries .
video scroll down to watch roy blasts surrey to finals day .
class apart : james vince hits out during his magnificent 93 in the natwest t20 blast quarter final .
seeing it well : the hampshire captain watches the ball head towards the boundary yet again .
fight-back : ajmal shahzad took two wickets in as many balls but could n't stop vince .
party time : chris wood and matt coles celebrate as hampshire prepare to head to the finals again .
wessels top-scored with 62 not out , patel was unbeaten on 53 and hales blasted 51 at the top of the order .
matt coles took both nottinghamshire wickets to fall to finish with two for 36 .
in pursuit of 198 , hampshire got off to a flying start , with vince taking four boundaries from the second over , bowled by harry gurney .
on 20 he was reprieved , though , as hales spilled a fierce drive at cover off ajmal shahzad 's bowling.michael carberry was stumped for 31 at the start of the eighth over as the bowler , patel , became the first notts player to take 100 wickets in the domestic t20 competition .
vince reached his 50 with a six off patel , it coming in 31 deliveries with eight fours also , but he then lost glenn maxwell and jimmy adams to consecutive deliveries from shahzad .
fast start : michael lumb -lrb- above -rrb- and alex hales got nottinghamshire off to a good start batting first .
breakthrough : matt coles removed lumb for 22 as he picked up figures of 2-36 in nottinghamshire 's 197-2 .
notts missed out on a further scalp as patel badly misjudged a catch in the deep , deliberately grounding the ball , fearing he was going to