lava from a volcano on hawaii 's big island is on course to reach a shopping center with a gas station and a supermarket in seven to 10 days , officials said .
lava is about 1 mile from the shopping center in the small town of pahoa , hawaii county civil defense director darryl oliveira said monday .
the shopping center also contains a hardware store , pharmacy and auto repair shop .
there 's still a great deal of uncertainty about when the lava might reach the center and what it could hit .
the lava could smother one structure in the complex or cover them all , he said .
creeping along : the active lava flow front , seen in this friday photogrpah , continues to advance downslope towards the northeast about a mile and a half from the marketplace in pahoa , hawaii .
pathway : a stalled lobe of the june 27 lava flow which came within feet of the transfer station in pahoa , hawaii is seen last monday .
` it just depends on what the flow does as it comes through , ' he told reporters during a conference call .
oliveira says the county has been in touch with the merchants about evacuation plans .
the county has n't yet advised them to leave .
the supermarket , one of the biggest stores in the center , plans to start removing equipment on tuesday and shut down on thursday .
malama market said in a statement it was encouraging customers to keep shopping until its doors close .
sheryl toda , a spokesperson for the sullivan family of companies told the star-advertiser ` our employees are our top priorities and right now we 're looking into various options on how to help them through the transition .
' 83 people work at the store , the newspaper reported .
` it just seems to move fast , then slow down , move fast , then slow down again , ' supercuts manager duchess kama told the star-advertiser .
` we 're more anxious because it 's getting closer , and it 's the unknown part -- that 's what makes you anxious .
' the gas station would sell its remaining fuel and pump out what 's leftover if it does have to evacuate , oliveira said .
it would