a newborn baby became britain 's youngest organ donor after her kidneys and liver were used to save the lives of two patients .
the kidneys , just three or four centimetres long , were transplanted into an victim of renal failure .
the liver cells , known medically as ` hepatocytes ' , were given to another seriously ill person .
kidneys fully function at around 37 weeks in the womb and it is now hoped the delicate procedure will set a ` milestone ' in organ donation .
the baby girl , who has not been identified , was born at hammersmith hospital , west london -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
she died a few days later , her brain having been starved of oxygen at some point in the pregnancy .
a significant proportion of newborns who die in neonatal units could be potential organ donors , so they could save the lives of other sick patients .
the unidentified donor was a girl born at term after an emergency caesarean section at hammersmith hospital , west london .
she weighed almost 7lbs -lrb- 3.1 kg -rrb- but was very sick , and it became clear her brain had been starved of oxygen for a period during the pregnancy .
treatment made no difference , and repeated examinations showed she was unable to make any spontaneous movement , did not respond to any stimuli , and had fixed and dilated pupils .
the parents and medical staff involved in her care discussed the possibility of organ donation when it became clear she would not survive .
supported by the organ donation team , the nursing staff , and the hospital 's psychologist , the parents gave their consent for their daughter 's kidneys and liver cells to be used for the benefit of other sick patients .
dr gaurav atreja , of the neonatal unit at hammersmith hospital in west london , said the kidneys measured just three to four centimetres long and two centimetres wide .
an adult 's are about three times that size .
the kidneys , just three to four cms long , were transplanted into an victim of renal failure .
white liver cells , known medically as ` hepatocytes ' , were given to another seriously ill person .
kidneys fully function at around 37 weeks in the womb and it is