by .
simeon gholam .
follow @@ simgholam .
ivory coast coach sabri lamouchi has insisted that didier drogba understands his role at the world cup in brazil , amid reports that he is unhappy with his place in the team .
the legendary striker - who is his country 's leading scorer of all time with 65 goals in 102 appearances - had to settle for a place on the bench in their opening game against japan , with swansea forward wilfried bony being preferred .
it took until 62 minutes for drogba to be introduced , but the game changed on his arrival , as the elephants turned a one-goal deficit into a 2-1 lead within four minutes of him entering the field of play .
video scroll down to see didier drogba and the toure 's in ivory coast training .
happy : didier drogba is okay with a place on the bench , according to his ivory coast coach .
insistent : elephants coach sabri lamouchi stands in front of wilfried bony , the man who replaced drogba .
and lamouchi has slammed speculation that the 36-year-old forward is unsettled , reiterating that he is happy in his position within the setup .
` i 'm in charge of a group and not just of drogba .
i am in charge of the whole team , ' lamouchi said .
` he knows how important he is to the team and what his role is for cote d'ivoire .
` obviously he 's disappointed if he 's not playing , but his attitude in training shows his dedication to the team .
' ivory coast will next face colombia in group c , with both teams knowing that a victory will see them through to the last 16 - which would be first time in the african side 's history following group stage exits in their two previous attempts in 2006 and 2010 .
` this match will be completely different than the one against japan .
they will play a different style compared to how japan played , ' added lamouchi .
video drogba is an inspiration - lamouchi .
first choice : drogba goes to embrace bony after the swansea striker levelled the scores against japan .
overawed : gervinho celebrating his winner against japan with team-mate drogba .
backup : jackson martinez -lrb-