by .
sarah griffiths .
published : .
12:44 est , 2 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:59 est , 2 december 2013 .
when walking along a beach , most pebbles look relatively alike - and dull - but an italian geologist has revealed their hidden beauty using a powerful microscope .
his images , which show multi-coloured shards in the brightest colours of the rainbow could lead you to imagine that you 're looking through a kaleidoscope rather than the inside of everyday stones .
professor bernardo cesare 's incredible images are magnified images of pebbles he collected when on holiday in spain .
to non-geologists most pebbles look relatively alike , but an italian scientist has revealed their hidden side using a powerful microscope .
professor cesare , 50 , from the university of padova , italy , carefully selected pebbles from a beach in carboneras , spain , which is known for the variety of geologically different rock available .
` i was spending my summer vacations with my family at a friends ' place on a beautiful beach , ' he explained .
` the pebbles of the beach were so varied .
in rock colours and textures that i collected a representative selection .
to keep at home .
with these shards of multi-coloured light you could be forgiven for thinking you 're looking through a kaleidoscope rather than the inside of everyday stones gathered from a beach .
professor bernardo cesare 's incredible images that look like pieces of rainbow are magnified images of pebbles he collected when on holiday in spain .
` then it occurred to me that i could make a microscopic reportage with them .
so i got thin sections made from the pebbles and took micrographs of them .
' professor cesare said he gave the prettiest of the micrographs to his spanish friends as gifts .
professor cesare , 50 , from the university of padova , italy carefully selected pebbles from a beach in carboneras , spain , -lrb- pictured -rrb- which is known for the variety of geologically different rock available .
the professor was spending his summer holiday with his family on a beautiful beach when he came up with the idea of analysing the pebbles on it .
the pebbles of the beach were so varied in rock colours and