` confined ' : valerie trierweiler , partner of french president francois hollande , pictured in september last year .
she remains in the care of a paris hospital .
francois hollande has finally gone to .
visit his first lady in hospital -- a week after revelations about his .
affair with an actress caused her to take ` a pill too many ' .
the 59-year-old president of france slipped into see valerie trierweiler , 48 , under conditions of great secrecy this morning .
today , more revelations about the length of the affair appeared in a magazine .
closer ran another article saying the president had been seeing julie gayet for three years .
it .
portrays mr hollande as a ruthless and calculating love cheat , who has .
spent a large part of his time in power juggling two women .
the .
magazine adds that miss gayet met mr hollande in 2011 when ségolène .
royal -- the mother of mr hollande 's four children and his partner for 30 .
years -- supported the actress 's political activism .
his .
visit to the central paris hospital came exactly a week after his .
partner learned that closer magazine was about to publish pictures of .
him .
leaving a love nest in the french capital .
he .
had been using it and at least two other properties to carry out a .
relationship with miss gayet , 41 , since 2011 , the magazine claims .
today , mr hollande 's aides also confirmed that he had seen miss trierweiler in person after spending the past week texting and calling her while she was being treated in hospital .
the visit to see his partner came after his mistress phoned a paris radio station and insisted : ` i 'm not pregnant ' .
media .
around the world had reported that miss gayet was four months pregnant .
miss gayet , normally a high-profile film actress , has been in hiding ever since the pictures appeared in closer .
but europe 1 radio station said she phoned them to deny the pregnancy claims , which first appeared on twitter .
the .
scandal has caused outrage in france , where the socialist politician 's .
bungling of the economy has led to the unemployment rate spiralling , .
along