the earl of cardigan has revealed he was forced to shower at a gym and wash his baby daughter in a sink as trustees fought to sell his family 's # 16million estate .
for two years , the 61-year-old was embroiled in a bitter legal battle over the sale of tottenham house in wiltshire as he tried to persuade the courts to give him permission to lease the grade i listed estate to a hotelier .
during the acrimonious proceedings , the earl , whose family name is david brudenell-bruce , lived off a weekly state allowance of # 71 and was forced to move his family into a small lodge on the estate 's grounds .
the couple were embroiled in a bitter legal battle over the sale of tottenham house on savernake estate in wiltshire .
unable to even heat the cottage , he took to bathing his daughter , now one , in a sink and he and his second wife , joanne , travelled to a local leisure centre to shower .
` because the trustees would not release any money we have been forced to bathe our one-year-old daughter in the sink and we have been forced to take daily showers in the local leisure centre .
' he told the daily telegraph .
the earl said the sale would be ` galling ' for his father .
` they cut off my income , deprived me of my job and had me living in complete penury every since .
' last week the court of appeal ruled in favour of the trustees and ordered that it be sold for # 11.5 million .
trustees had been trying to sell the property in wiltshire as , they claimed , much of it lay decaying having been unoccupied for years .
last year a deal was reportedly made with a property developer to sell the most valuable part of the estate , tottenham house , with the earl and his son , viscount savernake , the beneficiaries .
but lord cardigan argued it was worth more than the # 11.5 million offer , despite an estate agent valuing the property at closer to # 8million .
he launched an appeal to block the sale , pleading that the house be kept within his family .
but this week a panel of judges ruled it was