frank lampard will be thanking his lucky stars that he decided to postpone his move to new york city fc after seeing future team-mate david villa 's attempt at providing backing vocals for his side 's new anthem .
the mls outfit have released a snippet of the music video for their track ` all the way ' which includes contributions by singer-songwriter sarah packiam , mc sterlin and villa .
new york city ace villa took to twitter to provide his 6.96 million followers with a chance of having a ` sneak peek ' at his collaboration with the music duo .
david villa is all smiles as he provides backing vocals for new york city fc 's new anthem .
the 33-year-old stars in the music video along with sarah packiam and mc sterlin .
the full version of the song will be released on wednesday ahead of new york city 's opening game of the 2015 mls campaign .
villa 's first competitive match in america will see the former barcelona ace go up against kaka 's orlando city soccer club at the citrus bowl on sunday .
new york city fans will be hoping his highly-anticipated mls debut is somewhat better than his laboured music video performance .
packiam and mc sterlin take to the streets during the music video performance .
villa is expected to make his mls debut against orlando city fc on sunday .
kaka - orlando city sc .
the brazilian won the ballon d'or back in 2007 , so it is understandable that a lot is expected of him with new mls franchise orlando city .
he may not be the player he was back in 2007 but he still has the ability to dribble past players and pick a pass .
frank lampard -- new york city fc .
one of two high-profile signings made by new york city on their introduction to the league .
lampard won more than 100 caps for england and 11 major trophies with chelsea in 13 years .
he is due in new york in the summer once he has finished playing with manchester city .
steven gerrard -- la galaxy .
the liverpool midfielder will become the second former england captain to join la galaxy following the successful period of david beckham .
like lampard , gerrard will not join galaxy until the