stephen gately was found dead in majorca in 2009 .
the family of boyzone star stephen gately are to hire a private investigator for a fresh inquiry into his death because they still have unanswered questions about what happened .
tony gately , the former singer 's younger brother , claims his family never had a full explanation from gately 's partner andrew cowles after the boyzone star was found dead in the apartment they shared in majorca five years ago .
official reports at the time found he died of natural causes after a fatal build-up of fluid in the lungs , thought to have been brought on by a heart attack .
but mr gately said his family still want answers about exactly what happened that night .
they plan to hire an private investigator after a dispute with mr cowles about how the late star 's # 1.5 m estate should be divided up is settled .
the family claim mr cowles is holding onto gately 's possessions which have sentimental value for them .
gately was found slumped on a sofa in the apartment he shared with mr cowles in 2009 .
the couple had apparently gone out celebrating and had met georgi dochev in the gay nightclub , the black cat .
the trio then went back to the # 1m apartment in the upmarket area of port andratx .
he was found on the sofa the next day in what has been described as a ` prayer-like ' position .
` only two people know what went on the night he died , ' mr gately told the sun on sunday .
` they are his husband andrew and a bulgarian guy , georgi , who was invited to their apartment .
neither of them have fully explained to me what happened .
' boyzone singer gately met mr cowles in 1996 after being introduced by elton john .
the couple had a civil partnership in 2003 and set up home in north london .
stephen gately pictured with younger brother tony gately , who said the former star was ` everything ' to him .
stephen gately , pictured in 2001 , died from natural causes after a build up of fluid on his lungs , experts say .
stephen gately pictured with his civil partner andrew cowley -lrb- left -rrb- at the