fox news host steve doocy said the movie empowered women by turning men into ` fools and villians ' disney 's animated smash hit frozen has been accused of spreading anti-male propaganda by a us news host .
steve doocy slammed the film for its lack of strong male characters during an early morning talk show .
he claimed that the movie empowered its female fans by turning men into ` fools and villains .
' in a three minute segment on fox and friends doocy discussed the so-called ` frozen effect ' with penny young nance , the ceo of concerned women for america .
to illustrate the point the show reportedly showed a clip from the movie of good guy kristoff discussing picking his nose and another of villain prince hans confessing his evil plan .
the 2013 movie is inspired by the hans christian andersen 's fairytale the snow queen and tells the story of a fearless princess who sets off on an epic journey alongside an iceman , his pet reindeer , and a naive snowman to find her estranged sister , whose icy powers have trapped the kingdom in eternal winter .
` they depict men as evil and cold and bumblers , ' ms young nance said on the show ksdk , com reported .
'' it 's not just disney .
` it 's hollywood in general that has often sent the message that men are superfluous , they 're stupid , they 're in the way , if they contribute anything to the family , it 's a paycheck .
' doocy is said to have later added that it would be ` nice ' if there were more ` strong male figures ' in movies such as frozen , it was reported .
frozen took over a billion dollars at the global box office , and is the most successful animated movie of all time .
it also won a golden globe for the best animated film .
doocy 's comments come after a seven minute short film reunites the cast , characters , directors and even songwriters of the original 2013 movie , and will be screened ahead of disney 's cinderella .
the smash hit movie tells the tale of princess anna , pictured right , who sets off on an epic journey to find her sister princess elsa