a leading tory mp has called on boris johnson to investigate claims that scotland yard officers have abused their position by trying to shut down newspaper investigations into ukip .
zac goldsmith made the demand after a former ukip official received a harassment warning for talking to the mail on sunday about her claims an alleged ` former mistress ' of ukip leader nigel farage had fabricated a sexual assault case against a fellow tory mp .
police are investigating jasna badzak 's allegation that annabelle fuller falsely accused andrew bridgen of inappropriately touching her at his westminster flat in 2011 .
leading tory mp zac goldsmith has called on boris johnson to investigate claims that scotland yard officers have abused their position by trying to shut down newspaper investigations into ukip .
the call for an investigation comes as rupert murdoch launches legal action against scotland yard for ` hacking ' thousands of journalists emails .
the mp for north west leicestershire , who denied wrong-doing , was arrested but no charges were brought .
ms badzak , 43 , who used to work as a ukip press officer , says she has given the police details of messages she exchanged with ms fuller about the incident .
but when this newspaper spoke to ms badzak last month about a new development in the case -- that detectives were planning to question mr farage after establishing that ms fuller had made phone calls to the ukip leader on the evening she was in mr bridgen 's flat -- ms badzak was warned off .
ms badzak was issued with a ` prevention of harassment ' letter by a met officer , detective sergeant gordon mckay , on the grounds the conversation had led to ms fuller being ` subjected to numerous phone calls and emails ' .
the mail on sunday sent three emails to ms fuller prior to printing our story to clarify the details .
when asked what she had said on the phone to mr farage on the night in question , ms fuller replied : ` are you now a police officer ?
' ex-party spin doctor ms fuller , 32 , was described as farage 's ` former mistress ' under parliamentary privilege in strasbourg earlier this year by nikki sinclaire , a former ukip mep .
mr farage and ms fuller strongly deny