a burger flipper from worcestershire has reinvented his fast food business after spending an intense period in the kitchen of one of the country 's top restaurants as part of a new tv programme .
now hungry burger-lovers keen to try his gourmet-influenced meat are travelling from far and wide to buy them .
a new six-part channel 4 programme , burger bar to gourmet star , put carl sampson , 27 , under the tutelage of one of the country 's top chefs , daniel clifford .
what happened when the more humble end of the country 's dining spectrum met with the higher echelons of british cookery ?
top chef daniel clifford -lrb- left -rrb- tutored carl sampson -lrb- right -rrb- prompting him to turn his food van business around .
flipping great : carl sampson , 27 , has seen his burgers fly off the shelves of his van after appearing in the television programme .
plans are afoot to sell burgers wholesale and even open a restaurant .
previously , sampson made a living serving burgers to passing lorry drivers from a lay-by on the a38 near worcester .
by his own admission , the meat he presented , in a plain white bap , might have left burger aficionados running for the hills .
his signature dish wasan artery-straining ufo burger , a carnivorous concoction that comprised four burgers , four sausages , eight rashers of bacon and , somewhere in between , eight squares of processed cheese .
however , since his brush with the higher echelons of british cookery , word of mouth has seen people travel from all over the country to sample his fast food .
he told the worcestershire news : ` i 've had people travel from chester , london and even lincoln - that 's a 125-mile trip - just to try them .
' chef daniel clifford admits he fully expected sampson to wilt under the pressure and was amazed by the young chef 's stoic attitude .
his fortunes changed after an intense cookery lesson with respected chef daniel clifford of midsummer house , cambridge which prompted a culinary epiphany .
the results ?
hand-pressed 5oz burgers so in demand that sampson often has to turn people away .
so far , the chef admits he 's tinkered with his popular new recipe , which includes