iraqi helicopter gunships struck suspected insurgent positions today in a government offensive to retake the city of tikrit from sunni militants led by isis , officials said .
the iraqi military opened its campaign yesterday to wrest back tikrit , saddam hussein 's hometown , with a multi-pronged assault spearheaded by ground troops backed by tanks and helicopters .
the predominantly sunni city , a hotbed of antipathy toward iraq 's shiite-led government , is one of two major urban centres that fell to insurgents during their lightning offensive earlier this month .
scroll down for video .
isis banner : iraqi security forces hold up a flag of the islamic state in iraq and the levant , which they captured during an operation to regain control of dallah abbas north of baqouba , the capital of iraq 's diyala province .
weaponry : members of kurdish security forces with their weapons take cover in a shelter during clashes with isis militants in the village of basheer .
pick-up truck : members of kurdish security forces sit in a vehicle as they keep guard during clashes with militants of the isis , in the village of basheer , south of the city of kirkuk .
going through : members of iraqi security forces take their positions during a patrol looking for isis militants .
the insurgents appeared to have .
repelled the military 's initial push for tikrit , and still controlled .
the city today , but clashes were said to be taking place in the northern .
neighbourhood of qadissiyah .
local .
resident muhanad saif al-din said he could see smoke rising from .
qadissiyah , which borders the university of tikrit , where troops brought .
by helicopter established a bridgehead two days ago .
he .
added , by telephone , that many of the militants in tikrit had deployed .
to the city 's outskirts , apparently to blunt the military attack .
military .
spokesman qassim al-moussawi told reporters today that the military was .
in full control of the university and had raised the iraqi flag over .
the campus .
a provincial .
official reached by telephone confirmed that the insurgents retained .
control of most of tikrit , and that the fighting was concentrated in .
qadissiyah .
he also reported clashes northwest of .
the city around an air