by .
inderdeep bains .
a top student died from a brain tumour after being sent home four times by a gp who dismissed her severe headaches as migraines caused by exam stress .
lucy goulding , 16 , told her mother ` i ca n't take it any more .
i just want to die ' after being turned away by her doctor for the final time .
just hours later she collapsed and she died the following day in hospital , an inquest heard .
the teenager died without knowing her fellow students had voted for her to be crowned prom queen at a school event which was cancelled after her death .
lucy goulding , 16 , died of an undiagnosed brain tumour after her gp sent her away four times saying she was suffering from migraines caused by stress .
she also died without learning that she had gained eight a grades at gcse which would have seen her placed in the top ten students at chatsmore catholic high school , in worthing , west sussex .
her tearful mother antonella goulding , 44 , recalled how lucy was repeatedly sent home by dr jaspal mahil in the weeks leading up to her death on june 27 , this year , despite complaining of headaches , vomiting and dizziness .
the inquest heard how the doctor had told the bright schoolgirl that ` there was not enough evidence of a tumour ' after her mother begged for an mri scan just days before she died .
recording a narrative verdict , the coroner said that medical staff who came into contact with lucy had failed to take her symptoms seriously .
she said that ` everyone was closed to anything but the psychological cause of lucy 's symptoms ' and that had the tumour been detected earlier it was ` high unlikely ' that she would have died .
on may 28 , lucy had first seen dr mahil with headaches and she saw her again on june 11 , june 24 and june 25 .
lucy died without knowing her classmates had voted for her to be crowned prom queen and without knowing that she achieved eight as in her gcses .
her mother asked dr mahil for an mri scan on her fourth visit but was told ` there was not enough evidence of