these photos bring a whole new appreciation for the night sky as a photographer manages to capture the colour and movement of the stars .
a range of colours - including yellows , blues , oranges , pinks and turquoises - can all be seen illuminating the sky in locations around the world .
the colours are a result of the different surface temperatures of the stars with cooler stars appearing more red and hotter stars being blue .
the colours are a result of the different surface temperatures of the stars with cooler stars appearing more red and hotter stars being blue , as shown over cape woolamai , phillip island .
a range of colours - including yellows , blues , oranges , pinks and turquoises - can all be seen illuminating the sky in locations around the world ; pictured is a star trail taken at ravenswood , australia .
the colours plunge into lake tahoe in nevada usa in this stunning show of natural wonders .
this church in daylesford , australia , looks as if at any moment , it is going to be swallowed up by a starry vortex above .
photographer lincoln harris used two different techniques to capture the stars in two ways - with some images looking like a celestial explosion while the others look like a colourful pinwheel .
the 40-year-old said : ` both of those image types are achieved by turning the zoom ring on the lens during the exposure .
` the exploding photos are done with a 30 second exposure with a fast zoom , and the spirals are taken over a few hours with a very slow zoom .
' i set up the camera and use a programmable remote to automate the shoot .
' i usually take between 600 and 1,200 x 40 second exposures , which are later stacked using photoshop .
photographer lincoln harris used two different techniques to capture the stars in two ways - with some images looking like a celestial explosion while the others look like a colourful pinwheel .
the beauty of the sky at woolamai captured by the photgrapher turning the zoom ring on the lens during the exposure .
` the coloured trails are due to the different surface temperatures of the stars .
` the colour pallete can also be changed by altering the