by .
jaymi mccann and ian drury .
published : .
03:22 est , 28 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
18:02 est , 28 july 2013 .
british soldiers have taken part in a secret offensive against the taliban in a deadly afghan warzone they had pulled out from three years ago .
about 80 members of the 4th battalion the rifles provided ` assistance ' to an afghan national army purge of insurgents in the hotspot of sangin , in which 12 fanatics were killed and 30 improvised explosive devices seized .
there were no british casualties during the eight-day operation earlier this month , but two afghan soldiers died .
battle : afghan national army joined the british troops in the fighting in sangin earlier this week .
the mission to prevent sangin , northern helmand , again becoming a taliban stronghold was considered so risky it had to be approved personally by defence secretary philip hammond .
from 2006 to 2010 when uk troops were based in the town , dubbed one of the world 's most dangerous places , 106 soldiers were killed .
news of the operation will fuel concerns about afghan troops ' ability to defeat the taliban when uk , us and nato forces pull out in december 2014 .
the afghan army took over security in sangin in the spring but military commanders requested assistance following weeks of attacks by insurgents .
mr hammond gave permission for troops from 4 rifles , serving as the brigade advisory group , to travel from camp bastion and help as troops from the uk-mentored 3/215 brigade moved in .
the uk troops have since left sangin .
a senior army officer said : ` the negative publicity would have been worse if the situation around sangin had got out of hand .
this was the lesser of many evils .
' fierce : sangin -lrb- pictured -rrb- has seen some of the worst fighting of the war in afghanistan .
the ministry of defence said : ` these .
out-of-area operations are completely in line with our current role of .
providing training , advice and assistance to the afghan national .
security forces .
' in recent months the british armed .
forces have instead been focusing on mentoring the afghan national army .
in preparation for their withdrawal from the