the owner of the atlanta falcons admitted wrongdoing tuesday amid the national football league 's investigation into whether fake crowd noise has been used at the team 's home games .
the nfl is conducting an investigation to determine if the team used artificial crowd noise at home games during the last two seasons .
the team 's owner , arthur blank 's , latest remarks show that the answer is yes .
scroll down for video .
owner : atlanta falcons owner , arthur blank , -lrb- photographed -rrb- admitted wrongdoing tuesday amid the national football league 's investigation into whether fake crowd noise has been used at home games .
' i think what we 've done in 2013 and 2014 was wrong , ' blank said .
` anything that affects the competitive balance and fairness on the field , we 're opposed to , as a league , as a club and as an owner .
' blank described the investigation as ` obviously embarrassing .
' the owner said he expects the nfl to report its findings in the coming weeks , according to sports illustrated .
investigation : the nfl is conducting an investigation to determine if the team used artificial crowd noise at home games during the last two seasons .
punishment : if the team is found to have pumped fake crowd noise into the georgia dome while the opposing team huddled , trying to call a play , the falcons could be fined or lose a draft pick .
if the team is found to have pumped fake crowd noise into the georgia dome while the opposing team huddled , trying to call a play , the falcons could be fined or lose a draft pick .
blank told wsb-tv that he hopes it 's the former rather than the latter .
` we 've gotten some information from the league but until we read the full report and until they publish their findings , we ca n't be totally clear , ' blank said , according to wsb-tv .
` we 've talked to a lot of people and we 've cooperated and we 'll be anxious to read the report .
' report : the focus of the league 's investigation is the team 's game operations department , the nfl should report its findings in the coming weeks