it is the largest shark ever to have lived , weighing 50 tonnes and measuring 18 feet long .
however , swimmers can breathe a sigh of relief - the megalodon really did become extinct 2.6 millions years ago .
recently it was claimed the shark could still exist - forcing researchers into pinpointing its exact date of demise .
megalodon , -lrb- carcharodon megalodon -rrb- a 50 tonne extinct species of shark which lived between the eocene and the pliocene period .
the maximum size of the megalodon has been of much debate - cartilage rarely fossilises and therefore no complete shark has ever been found .
however , it is believed they may have reached 18 feet long .
however , near-complete sets of dentitions have been found , which allows for accurate reconstruction .
the megalodon 's colossal mouth would have produced a but force of 10.8 to 18.2 tons .
researchers from university of florida and the university of zurich hope the study appearing online today in the journal plos one showing the species became extinct 2.6 million years ago will clarify public confusion .
the study may also one day help scientists better understand the potential widespread effects of losing the planet 's top predators , said lead author catalina pimiento .
' i was drawn to the study of carcharocles megalodon 's extinction because it is fundamental to know when species became extinct to then begin to understand the causes and consequences of such an event , ' said pimiento , a doctoral candidate at the florida museum of natural history on the uf campus .
' i also think people who are interested in this animal deserve to know what the scientific evidence shows , especially following discovery channel specials that implied megalodon may still be alive .
' the study represents the first phase of pimiento 's ongoing reconstruction of megalodon 's extinction .
as modern top predators , especially large sharks , are significantly declining worldwide due to the current biodiversity crisis , pimiento said this study serves as the basis to better understand the consequences of these changes .
` when you remove large sharks , then small sharks are very abundant and they consume more of the invertebrates that we humans eat , ' pimiento said .
` recent estimations show that large-bodied , shallow-water species of sharks are