by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
10:45 est , 23 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:36 est , 23 may 2013 .
a florida woman was arrested earlier this week after police say she broke into the home she previously shared with her ex-boyfriend and their three young children and threatened to chop off the childrens ' heads with a machete .
according to authorities in valusia county , florida , police were called to the home of carlos quinones about 4 p.m. tuesday after his ex-girlfriend , 32-year-old alisa lynn williams - while wielding a machete - broke into the house and threatened the former couples ' 7-year-old twin boys and 6-year-old daughter .
when police first arrived at the home , they found williams sitting on the porch covered in blood , according to an arrest report first obtained by the daytona beach news-journal .
mommy dearest : police in florida say alisa williams threatened to chop off the heads of her three young children with a machete .
quinones told authorities that williams barged into the home with the machete before being disarmed and pushed out the door by quinones and his father .
according to the report , two neighbors overheard williams saying she was going to ` cut off their heads , ' referring to the three children .
after quinones removed williams from the home , she attempted to get .
back in by breaking a window and climbing through the shards of broken .
glass , which cut her .
a history of violence : in 2006 , williams was charged with battery .
williams , quinones told police , has been .
living in the woods for the last two weeks after she moved out of the .
house because of drug and alcohol problems .
after quinones put her .
belongings on the porch of the home , williams returned on tuesday .
according to quinones , she was out of control and tearing the screens on .
the windows while armed with a machete .
this is n't williams ' first scrape with the law - mailonline has found records of at least four .
other incidents for which williams was taken into custody , including .
busts in 2005 and 2006 , both of which resulted in battery charges .
on two other