by .
kerry mcdermott and helen pow .
published : .
18:51 est , 21 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
09:16 est , 22 november 2012 .
missing : police are hunting two women they think may be linked to the disappearance of model kara nichols , pictured , who vanished last month .
police are hunting two women they think may be linked to the disappearance of an aspiring teen model who vanished last month .
kara nichols , 19 , went missing after leaving her colorado springs home on october 9 and was last seen with a brown-haired woman who detectives believe may have information about the young woman 's whereabouts .
on tuesday , el paso county sheriff 's office called the case suspicious , adding that ms nichols may have been exploited by an individual or group claiming they could further her modelling career .
` even if this young lady has no information , just the simple fact that she could tell us how they parted , what her parting words might have been , could be huge , ' el paso county sheriff 's detective cliff porter told abc news .
police are also seeking a second brunette who they said associated with nichols , however they would not elaborate on the nature of their relationship or frequency of their contact .
ms nichols told her roommate she might go to denver on the day she vanished but left behind her purse .
friends and family said the woman was active on social media and regularly used her cell phone , but neither have been used since she went missing .
` all of a sudden that stopped -- no communication since then , especially from a person who was an extrovert , who was always reaching out to people , ' sheriff terry maketa said , adding that this made the case ` more concerning .
' according to abc news , images of the unnamed brunette released yesterday have resulted in numerous leads and the el paso sheriff 's office has recruited the help of external investigators to help with the case .
scroll down for video .
person of interest : police are searching for an unnamed brunette , pictured , who was last seen with ms nichols .
information : officers believe this woman may have information