by .
mark duell .
updated : .
17:42 est , 11 january 2012 .
mitt romney today stands on the brink of becoming the republican candidate to challenge barack obama for the presidency of the u.s. .
but it could have been so different for the former mormon missionary when he was almost killed in a car accident in bernos-beaulac , france , in 1968 .
the 21-year-old was driving from pau to bordeaux when he was hit by a car driven by a catholic priest , which killed one of his own passengers .
wreckage : former mormon missionary mitt romney almost died in a car accident in bernos-beaulac , france , in 1968 , which killed one of his passengers .
the citroen ds driven by mr romney is pictured .
` we were all talking about how dangerous how the highways were and the french highways , ' mr romney said , reported the boston globe in 2007 .
` literally as we were having that conversation , boom , we were hit .
it happened so quickly -lrb- that -rrb- there was no braking and no honking .
' mr romney drove mormon french mission president duane anderson and others to pau , where a small mormon congregation was in dispute .
there were six people in total going back to bordeaux when the car was hit and mr anderson 's wife leola was killed , reported the boston globe .
recovering in hospital : the 21-year-old mitt romney , pictured , was driving from pau to bordeaux when he hit a car driven by catholic priest albert marie .
mr romney , who has always insisted he was not at fault , was seriously injured and even feared dead for a moment after the crash .
` it happened so quickly -lrb- that -rrb- there was no braking and no honking ' mitt romney .
a policeman who first responded wrote ` il est mort ' , or ` he is dead ' , in mr romney 's passport .
but at hospital he came out of a coma .
he was left with a swollen face and fractured arm .
mr anderson , who died in 1995 , suffered injuries to his chest , ribs , lung , liver and spleen .
the incident happened on a curving two-lane road on which mr