ryan donaldson was back at his desk with a throbbing head and little recollection of the night before .
this , however , is no tale of drunken debauchery .
rather , the 15-year-old had just written his name in newcastle 's history books as their youngest reserve-team scorer and his toon-daft pals at st cuthbert 's high school -- former home of john carver , sting and declan donnelly - wanted to hear all about it .
donaldson , though , had been knocked unconscious shortly after his record-breaking goal on a bruising night against blackburn rovers at morecambe 's christie park and , even to this day , his memory is sketchy .
ryan donaldson -lrb- right -rrb- in action for cambridge against manchester united in the fa cup fourth round .
the 23-year-old is on top of the world as he celebrates the league two 's side result against united .
but the schoolboy had announced his arrival and big things were expected .
there was an england call-up and , by the following summer , kevin keegan handed the teenager his debut in mallorca .
he shared an agent with alan shearer and went with newcastle 's record goalscorer to a book-signing session at a tesco superstore -- it all amounted to donaldson being touted as united 's next superstar .
but his is a typical tale of one hyped so young and , after failing to make the grade on tyneside , he dropped out of the football league .
where his tale differs from the majority , however , is that donaldson 's career is again on the rise .
on tuesday night , having been man-of-the-match during cambridge united 's shock goalless draw with manchester united in last month 's fa cup fourth round , he is aiming to give louis van gaal the headache .
for the 23-year-old -- who has scored three times at wembley for the u 's - it is another taste of the stage he craves .
` the first game was incredible .
they 've been criticised and we think they got a rollicking at half-time , but honestly , they 're so good , ' donaldson told sportsmail .
` but we did so well and got what we deserved .
for me , to get man-of-the-match was brilliant .
donaldson says angel di maria -lrb-