pensioner benefits including free tv licences , bus passes and help with heating bills could be cut under government plans to limit welfare spending .
iain duncan smith warned existing protections for a raft of benefits would have to ` disappear ' once the government sets a limit on the # 100billion welfare bill .
the state pension will be specifically excluded , but the work and pensions secretary made clear that additional payments made to pensioners would not be exempt from any future squeeze .
work and pensions secretary iain duncan smith said most ringfences protecting benefits would have be removed .
there is growing tension in the cabinet over where up to # 12billion in benefit cuts should fall .
chancellor george osborne has made clear the pain should be felt by working-age claimants .
but the lib dems and even some senior tories are dismayed at the reluctance to consider cuts to pensioner perks .
david cameron has vowed to honour his 2010 election pledge not to cut pension benefits including the winter fuel allowance , free tv licences and bus passes .
mr duncan smith is understood to be among urging that a commitment to leave universal pensioner benefits untouched until 2015 should be reviewed after the next election .
in the autumn statement mr osborne announced details of a new cap on total welfare spending .
at the start of the parliament the government would have to set a limit on the amount which will be spent on benefits each year , currently around # 112billion , and if it is breached ministers would be hauled to explain themselves to the commons .
pensioner benefits including the free bus pass could be included in the welfare cap .
giving evidence to mps yesterday , mr duncan smith revealed that pensioner benefits would be included in the welfare cap raising the prospect of them being cut if spending ran out of control .
` we need maximum flexibility with the cap .
pretty much all existing ringfences will have to disappear , ' he said .
the new welfare cap will include most benefits within the control of ministers , but will not include jobseekers allowance or the state pension .
while the idea of limiting total spending has proved popular with the public , the government has face criticism over what this might mean for