as the entire country is in mourning for the tragic loss of phillip hughes , their hearts are also going out to young bowler sean abbott who attended today 's funeral for the much-loved cricketer .
possibly the biggest day of the young cricketer 's life , the 22-year-old was surrounded by his cricketing family at the macksville recreational centre in macksville in northern nsw on wednesday .
wearing a navy blue suit and dark sunglasses , he was accompanied by his girlfriend , brier neil , who did not leave her grief-stricken partner 's side throughout the heart-wrenching service .
scroll down for video .
possibly the biggest day of abbott 's life , the 22-year-old was surrounded by his cricketing family at the macksville recreational centre .
abbott 's girlfriend , brier neil , did not leave her grief-stricken partner 's side throughout the service .
abbott has received overhwelming love and support during the past eight days since the tragedy .
abbott was the unfortunate player who delivered the bouncer that struck hughes in the neck during the sheffield shield clash at the sydney cricket ground last tuesday .
the 22-year-old has received overwhelming support from the entire cricket community including hughes ' own family who told daily mail australia the day before the funeral on tuesday that they were looking forward to seeing abbott and embracing him with open arms .
a family member expressed the empathy they felt abbott 's unbearable situation .
` we ca n't wait to see sean abbott tomorrow and give him a big kiss and hug , ' the family member told daily mail australia at the time .
` we just want to tell him it was freak accident and he can not think he had anything to do with it .
` no one is blaming him .
we want to hug him and tell him that everything is okay .
' united in arms : the devastated look on abbott 's face says it all - pictured right .
former australian test star dean jones greets grief-striken sean abbott on wednesday .
possibly the biggest day of the young cricketer 's life .
the courageous young man returned to training on tuesday with his new south wales blues team mates today who rallied around the player at a training session at the scg .
` it 's