this could be considered his latest ` shaq attack .
' retired nba legend shaquille o'neal , 42 , has officially become a reserve police officer for the doral police department in south florida .
the former miami heat player was sworn in at a special ceremony on tuesday by doral police chief donald de lucca .
sworn in : retired nba legend shaquille o'neal is sworn in as a reserve police officer at the doral police department on tuesday by doral police chief donald de lucca , pictured right , .
height : the 7ft star , center , towers over doral police chief donald de lucca , right , and mayor luigi borra left .
ceremony : doral police chief donald de lucca , left , and mayor luigi borra attend the ceremony for shaq .
the ceremony was attended by the mayor of doral luigi borra , the city attorney , city manager and city council .
but now that o ' neal has his badge , doral police department is trying to figure out how they 'll be able to make a uniform that 's big enough to fit the star who is 7ft 1in tall and weighs 324-pounds .
` his shoe size is huge , but nobody knows the exact number , ' senior executive assistant to the chief , carlos arango said chuckling .
` at some point we 'll get him an official polo shirt , but for now he has his badge .
' o ' neal had originally applied to become a member of doral police in september .
he went through the entire application process and submitted to a background check before he was taken on .
but he will not receive a salary and will cover his own insurance costs .
according to the police department , o'neal will commute to work from his homes in fort lauderdale and orlando .
officer shaq : shaquille o'neal , seen here , in his port of los angeles police officer uniform is getting back into law enforcement as a reserve officer in florida .
retired nba player shaquille o'neal performs a dj set at the chateau nightclub & rooftop at the paris las vegas last year , he has been a rapper , actor , reserve officer , reality television star , and dj .
de lucca told the miami