a nurse was murdered and mutilated by her ex-boyfriend after police failed to warn her that he had a history of attacks on women , a damning official report has found .
katie cullen , 34 , a highly respected hospital sister , was ` badly let down ' by police who failed to protect her from iman ghaefelipour , 28 .
the iranian , who had successfully claimed asylum in the uk , threatened to kill two previous girlfriends and burn down one of their houses .
scandal : katie cullen , 34 , was stabbed 130 times in the head by iranian-born asylum-seeker iman saeed ghaefelipour , 28 , but was never warned he had threatened to kill a previous ex-girlfriend .
when miss cullen reported him to police for harassment and death threats , they investigated -- but did not pass on the information .
this was because she said he had spoken ` in the heat of the moment ' and had never been violent , and there were no ` warning markers ' for violence on his record , they claimed .
miss cullen later agreed to meet him at her home , where he stabbed her more than 130 times in the face and neck , cut out her right eyeball and tried to sever her right hand .
he was jailed for at least 23 years in 2010 after pleading guilty to the murder in october 2009 .
yesterday a deeply critical report by the independent police complaints commission -lrb- ipcc -rrb- found that had she been told of his past , miss cullen might be alive today .
it said claims he set fires on an earlier partner 's property were not handled properly .
rachel cerfontyne , ipcc deputy chairman , said police put her in danger by giving her ` false reassurance ' .
she went on : ` in my view , katie was badly let down by greater manchester police .
our investigation exposed a catalogue of inaction and missed opportunities .
` had arson offences against -lsb- his ex -rsb- been adequately investigated , it is possible mr ghaefelipour would have been convicted and not at liberty ... -lsb- miss cullen -rsb- was passed from pillar to post .
' her mother diane , also a nurse , said : ` we are distraught at what happened