by .
daily mail reporter .
chilling images showing the mundane preparations ahead of a hate-filled nazi rally have been captured by a photographer given unprecedented access .
photographer johnny milano was allowed to shoot behind the scenes at the national socialist movement convention in atlanta , georgia , after months of negotiations with nazi leaders .
the disturbing photographs show white supremacists ironing their swastikas and getting tattoos as they kill time in their hotel rooms .
scroll down for video .
national socialist member kim lawrence irons her swastika and other nazi insignia ahead of a rally .
the nsm claims to be the biggest ` white civil rights group ' in the u.s. hotel rooms were turned into makeshift tattoo parlours as party supporter chris drake gets another inking by a man wearing a swastika t-shirt .
photographer johnny milano captured the eerie images of nazi members preparing for the annual conference in atlanta .
nazi members lace their boots and check their insignia ahead of a formal banquet .
about 40 neo-nazis and klu klux klan .
members attended the meeting at the wellesley hotel in atlanta to .
commemorate the birthday of adolf hitler on april 20 .
mr milano 's collection of photographs gives an insight into the dark world of white supremacists .
the images reveal the strict rules and regulations that nazi party members have to follow .
they are seen ironing their swastika armbands to make sure they are in pristine condition ahead of a formal nazi sit-down meal .
despite mr milano 's presence , nazis proudly show off the fascist tattoos that commemorate hitler .
many .
members have the number ' 88 ' tattooed on them , which represents the .
words heil hitler .
others sport the number 14 , which represents the words : ` we must secure the existence of our people and a future for white children .
' everyday items such as hair straighteners and sunglasses line up next to nazi military boots .
nsm supporters celebrate after the rally by tasering each other while swigging beer at the hotel .
one member displays his tattoos that commemorate the bombing of dresden with the word ` betrayal ' , as well as the words arbeit macht frei .
national socialist party supporter chris drake works out in the hotel 's gym before a