alastair cook 's patience with his arch-critic snapped at headingley on thursday ahead of the decisive second test against sri lanka when he accused shane warne of making personal attacks on him and his england captaincy .
the australian has seemingly had it in for cook ever since he called his 294 against india at edgbaston three years ago ` boring ' but he cranked up his criticism of the england captain this winter and throughout last week 's first test .
and cook responded to persistent negative comments from warne on sky tv and in his newspaper column about his tactics and the timing of his declaration against sri lanka at lord 's by saying ` something needs to be done .
' hitting back : alastair cook has criticised australian pundit shane warne for ` personal attacks ' outspoken : sky pundit warne has been vocal in his criticism of cook 's captaincy in recent months .
tactics : cook -lrb- left -rrb- discusses strategy with england coach peter moores during training at headingley .
under pressure : cook 's captaincy came under criticism in the first test against sri lanka at lord 's last week .
nets : england practise at headingley ahead of the second test with sri lanka which starts on friday .
cook refused to bite when asked about warne and other criticism in his press conference ahead of friday 's second investec test but was more forthcoming in a radio interview with the bbc 's jonathan agnew .
` something needs to be done because in my eyes i 've been criticised for a hell of a lot of my three years as captain , ' said cook when asked for his response to ` voluble ' remarks , in particular from warne .
` yes , when you lose as captain you get criticised but i 've also won a lot for england .
i 've won more one-day games than any other england captain , i 've won an ashes and away in india .
i 'm proud of that , so to be criticised for three years i find quite hard to take to be honest .
` support and positivity is what this england team need .
the crowd at lord 's were brilliant , the public there were fantastic and got behind the lads .
a bit more