scientists have controversially claimed that life on earth originated in space after plankton were found on the exterior of the iss .
earlier this week cosmonauts announced they had found the microorganisms living on one of the windows of the russian segment of the space station .
and while the exact origin of these critters is still unknown , it has been claimed they may have come from outer space - supposedly like life on earth .
professor chandra wickramasinghe is best known as the only scientist to argue against evolution during the 1981 arkansas legal case against the teaching of creationism in schools .
now he claims that plankton on the iss came from outer space and not from earth .
experiments have previously shown bacteria can survive outside our planet , but this is thought to be the first time more complex life has been found this far out in space .
their exact origin is not yet known and will require further study - although it may just be contamination from the american segment of the iss .
at the time of the discovery russian experts said the tiny organisms were carried to the station on air currents from the sea where plankton is found in abundance .
however others claim this is impossible , with another explanation being that the minute plants drifted onto the iss from elsewhere in space .
a .
controversial academic from the university of buckinghamshire has .
claimed that plankton supposedly found on the exterior of the iss .
-lrb- pictured -rrb- earlier this week are proof that life on earth is of .
extraterrestrial origin .
professor wickramasinghe says the plankton must .
have come from outer space .
professor chandra wickramasinghe is a leading proponent of panspermia , the hypothesis that life exists throughout the universe and is spread by asteroids and comets , in addition to simply drifting through the cosmos .
panspermia proposes that life forms that can survive the effects of space , such as extremophiles , become trapped in debris that is ejected into space after collisions between asteroids and planets that harbour life .
these life-forms may travel dormant for an extended amount of time before colliding randomly with other planets or intermingling with protoplanetary disks .
if met with ideal conditions on a new planet 's surfaces , the bacteria become active and