the man accused of setting off a small explosion last month that rattled nerves because of its proximity to a colorado naacp office says he was in a rage over his financial problems and was actually targeting his accountant 's office , according to court documents filed friday .
thaddeus murphy , 44 , told federal agents he made the pipe bomb out of a shotgun shell and fireworks fuses , the records said .
he said he was angry because the accountant would n't return his phone calls or give him back his tax records .
but while a sign for the accountant 's business was still on the wall of the building , it has been closed for 20 years , according to the president of the colorado springs chapter of the naacp .
the naacp , which has been at the site since 1985 , and a barbershop are the only tenants in the building .
financial fury : thaddeus murphy of colorado springs , colorado murphy has been arrested in connection with the explosion at a building in colorado springs on january 6 .
henry d. allen jr. , president of the local naacp chapter , expressed skepticism about the accountant version friday , but would not say whether he believed his organization was the target .
` he targeted somebody in this building and in my estimate it was not the tax people , ' allen said .
` does anyone really think this guy is going to admit to this ?
' murphy has been charged with arson of a building and being a felon in possession of a firearm .
at a hearing friday in colorado springs , u.s. magistrate judge michael hegarty ordered him held without bond pending another hearing next week .
murphy , wearing a white t-shirt , said nothing .
he will be appointed a federal public defender .
jeff dorschner , spokesman for the u.s. attorney 's office in denver , said investigators determined the bombing was not an act of terrorism .
but , he added , `` we 're also continuing our investigation to determine whether that confession is true .
'' on friday afternoon , murphy 's weathered pickup truck and trailer still sat outside the duplex where he lives on a winding street of modest apartment buildings in northern colorado springs .
no one