sir bradley wiggins will not ride for team sky in this year 's tour de france , team principal sir david brailsford has confirmed .
he will , instead , be racing on the track for team england at the commonwealth games in glasgow .
the 2012 champion had long since indicated that he would not be included in a squad built around chris froome , who last year succeeded him as yellow jersey winner .
video scroll down to watch sir bradley wiggins lift the tour de france trophy in 2012 .
out : sir bradley wiggins will not compete in this year 's tour de france .
crowning glory : wiggins became the first briton to win the tour in 2012 .
in response .
to the news , team england have confirmed that the four-time olympic .
champion will now be competing at the commonwealth games instead .
british .
cycling coach shane sutton said : ` i 'm very happy to be able to welcome .
sir bradley back to the track team for the commonwealth games - his .
addition will be a real morale boost to the rest of the track squad .
the .
decision of who will ride what event will be made nearer the time .
' and .
team england chef de mission jan paterson added : ` we are delighted .
that sir bradley will be returning to the track for team england in .
glasgow .
' ` it 's .
hugely exciting for the team , the sport and spectators that they 'll be .
able to see one of our finest athletes back in the velodrome for the .
first time in a number of years .
' froome , meanwhile , will be supported on the grand tour by his trusted .
lieutenant richie porte in a team also featuring wiggins ' fellow great .
britain olympian geraint thomas .
mikel nieve , bernhard eisel , vasil kiryienka , david lopez , danny pate and xabier zandio complete the line-up .
the tour starts with the grand depart in yorkshire next saturday and continues until the traditional champs elysees climax on july 27 .
leading the line : 2013 champion chris froome will lead team sky again at this year 's tour .
combo : froome with sir dave brailsford after winning bronze for team