an australian photographer has captured incredible close-up images of penguins leaping out of the freezing ocean .
the colony of penguins was jumping for joy on leaving the water to warm up on the ice after hunting for food .
photographer and marine scientist frederique olivier got his camera within a few feet of the flightless birds as they appeared to soar out of the ocean .
scroll down for video .
photographer frederique olivier captured the graceful animals at the casey research station in antarctica 's windmill islands .
mr olivier , a marine scientist , got his camera within a few feet of the flightless birds as they appeared to soar out of the ocean .
` the penguins did n't pay much attention to me ' and were sometimes friendly towards humans , says frederique olivier .
frederique photographed the graceful animals at the casey research station in antarctica 's windmill islands .
after jumping out of the water , the wide-eyed adelie penguins throw their wings behind them and kick their feet to get a good landing .
they pull excited faces and flick their tails behind them as they make it onto dry but cold land .
after jumping out of the water , the wide-eyed adelie penguins throw their wings behind them and kick their feet to get a good landing .
the aquatic birds pull excited faces and flick their tails behind them as they make it onto dry but cold land .
frederique olivier said he felt humble while photographing the penguins because they ` are incredibly adapted ' to the frigid environment .
frederique , 38 , said : ` you have to be incredibly patient to get the images of the right behaviour in the right light .
` and you also have to cope with the temperature and winds as i gets down to minus-30 in the antarctic winter .
' he was able to get close to the penguins as they were n't bothered by his presence .
the adult penguins ` are all about breeding and raising chicks in the colony ' , so mr olivier had to be very careful not to disturb them .
the colony of penguins was jumping for joy on leaving the ice-cold water to warm up on the ice after hunting for food .
frederique olivier , 38 , said he