a new york teenager who took a ` test drive ' in a family friends ' lamborghini has died after crashing the high-powered sports car into a guardrail .
samuel shepard , 18 , of mount sinai , long island was taking the car for a spin on a local county road early on friday when he lost control .
he was driving north in mount sinai at 2:25 a.m. in the 2010 lamborghini which can cost anywhere between $ 200,000 and $ 300,000 second hand and slammed into a guardrail near route 25a , police said .
death : samuel shepard , 18 , pictured here , died after he crashed a family friend 's lamborghini on a county road in mount sinai on long island early friday .
wreckage : this still image taken from video shows the scene of the early morning crash on aug. 29 , 2014 which left the high powered sport 's car destroyed and a teenager dead .
shortly after the crash , the teenager was pronounced dead at stony brook university hospital .
the car 's owner , michael power , 49 , was a passenger in the car and was treated for non life-threatening injuries .
power , a friend of the shepard family , had met the teenager at a parking lot near his home .
they started talking about taking a test drive in the lamborghini , detective sergeant michael fitzharris of the sixth precinct said .
detective fitzharris told newsday that excessive speed is believed to be a factor in the crash .
he said : ` i think it was probably just a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for the kid , and this man chose to give him this opportunity .
' cars : sam shepard sits at the wheel of a 1957 chevy bel air , which his dad built , and he takes a selfie , right , his father gene owns an auto body shop and said his son had always been around cars .
good kid : sam shepard , right , is pictured here with members of his family his dad gene said that lamborghinis were his son 's favorite car .
the crash occurred as the teenager returned to the parking lot .
but no witnesses have come forward yet according to police .
the teenager , who had graduated from mount sinai