a high school teacher from portland says he was fired because of his religious beliefs and pro-life views .
math teacher bill diss had been out of the classroom since march after he was put on paid administrative leave after a teaching career spanning 11 years .
he has now been formally fired by portland public schools but believes his termination was a long time coming after making his anti-abortionist views known .
scroll down for video ... fired : high school teacher bill diss claims he was fired because of his stance against abortion .
troubles began in 2007 when he publicly protested against a new planned parenthood building .
on the day he was told to leave the school in march of this year , mr diss was apparently given just a few minutes to collect his things and was escorted from school premises by police , .
he described himself as a teacher with great reviews before 2007 , but he told katu things took a dramatic shift after the planned parenthood protest .
mr diss publicly opposed the construction of a new planned parenthood headquarters building in the northeast of the city .
` the review i got in 2010 , in every single area , were very negative comments , ' says mr diss .
' i was marked down in a whole bunch of areas .
i was even marked down for how my classroom looked .
' he does n't believe he was doing his job poorly but that school leaders deliberately took issue with how he did things because they disagreed with his pro-life stance .
the portland school board approved his firing by a 6-1 vote .
mr diss says he is now considering taking legal action against the school .
something changed : bill diss described himself as a teacher with great reviews before 2007 , but says things took a dramatic shift after the planned parenthood protest .
although the school district would n't comment on why mr diss was ultimately fired , they = did release a statement : .
` mr. diss has said his termination was based on his religious beliefs and his right to free speech .
that is not the case .
the school district takes discipline of all employees seriously .
mr. diss 's conduct and performance led to his removal from the