by .
emma thomas .
published : .
04:54 est , 2 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
06:18 est , 2 january 2014 .
a little girl has undergone plastic surgery after part of her mouth was ripped off by a dog in a christmas day attack .
six-year-old demi baines was walking to her home in hyde , greater manchester , with mother karen baines when she was mauled by the staffordshire bull terrier .
ms baines described how the dog launched at her daughter and attached itself to her face -- leaving the little girl with horrifying facial injuries which included a severed lip .
injuries : six-year-old demi baines was mauled by a staffordshire bull terrier near her home in hyde .
demi was taken to manchester royal infirmary , where plastic surgeons have worked to reconstruct her mouth in two separate operations .
mother-of-three ms baines , 36 , said : ' i feared for demi 's life -- i thought she could have been killed .
` it was the most scary , terrible thing i have ever experienced .
` demi 's injuries were horrific .
they were something you would n't even see in a horror movie .
` her bottom lip was hanging off and the left hand side of her top lip was near enough gone .
' unprovoked : ms baines said the staffordshire bull terrier appeared from a field and , although appeared friendly at first , launched the attack without provocation -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
surgery : karen baines and daughter demi who has had two operations on her mouth .
ms baines added that demi also had a chunk taken out of her arm and an injury to her back .
the youngster is set to undergo another operation on her face later this week .
call centre worker ms baines said : ` demi has been so brave .
she has been absolutely amazing .
` she has n't moaned about it at all but she 's wary of the neighbours ' dogs now .
' the shocking incident happened in gair street , flowery field , on christmas day shortly after 6pm as karen and demi walked to their home on well meadow from a family party nearby .
ms baines said the dog appeared from a field and , although