by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
published : .
06:17 est , 27 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:58 est , 27 february 2013 .
ukip could secure its first elected mp in a dramatic by-election upset , leader nigel farage claimed today as he boasted his party was ` coming up on the rails ' to overtake both the liberal democrats and the tories in eastleigh .
with voters going to the polls tomorrow to choose a replacement for disgraced lib dem cabinet minister chris huhne , mr farage said ukip supporters would vote for his party 's candidate diane james ` in blood ' to express their anger at the bigger parties .
recent polls have put ukip comfortably in third place , behind the tories in second and the lib dems ahead with a five point lead .
ukip leader nigel farage , pictured campaigning in eastleigh today , raised the prospect of a shock win for his party in tomorrow 's by-election .
but activists on the ground report a groundswell of support for ukip in recent days , taking support from both coalition parties .
mr farage told lbc 97.3 : ` it started off as a two-horse race with the liberal democrats and conservatives ahead .
` over the course of the last week we have been coming up on the rails .
we have almost drawn level with one full day 's campaign to go .
` what we have got here is a very .
exciting three-way marginal .
i think this is the toughest by-election to .
call we have ever seen .
comedian john o'farrell , labour 's candidate in eastleigh , was slammed by david cameron today over were ` extraordinary ' comments about ira terrorism and the falklands war .
the prime minister urged labour leader ed miliband to disown the satirist 's admission - in a 1998 book - that he felt ` disappointment ' margaret thatcher was not killed in the 1984 brighton bomb .
mr cameron added that mr o'farrell -lrb- pictured , right , with mr miliband -rrb- had shown ` a shocking lack of national patriotism and pride ' by writing that he had wished argentina would be victorious in the 1981 falkland conflict .
it was ` absolutely staggering ' that someone standing for public office