a grieving mother has received a handwritten apology from health secretary jeremy hunt after doctors failed to spot her son 's cancer for six months .
musician lee wyatt was just 25 when he died of bowel cancer in 2010 after being repeatedly misdiagnosed during almost six months of visits to his gp practice .
suffering abdominal pain and struggling to eat , the dj and music producer from denton , greater manchester , was initially prescribed painkillers after being told he had pulled a muscle while playing tennis .
linda wyatt -lrb- left -rrb- holds a picture of her son lee -lrb- right -rrb- who died aged 25 after being repeatedly misdiagnosed .
she has since received a handwritten letter from the health secretary to apologise .
he was also given iron tablets after it was found he was severely anaemic and it was suspected that he had an ulcer .
fears that mr wyatt had cancer were finally confirmed in december 2008 but a scan failed to detect the illness had already spread to his liver .
this led to him having a 14-hour operation at stepping hill hospital to remove his bowel , spleen and part of his pancreas .
an independent oncologist looking into the case has since found the operation was ` inappropriate and excessive ' .
last year mr wyatt 's mother linda , 56 , received an out-of-court settlement of # 10,000 after a joint action against stockport nhs foundation trust and the windmill medical centre , in denton , for alleged medical negligence .
now the heart-broken mother has received a letter from mr hunt in which he says he has raised the case with health regulators .
` dear ms wyatt , .
thank you for your letter .
i have replied formally but i wanted to reply personally to say how sorry i was to read about what happened to lee .
it is totally unacceptable to get a cancer diagnosis wrong so many times .
nothing i say will make up for the sadness of what happened , but i would like to apologise to you on behalf of the government and the nhs for what happened .
` there is much excellent care in the nhs but still too many things like this that go wrong .
we are doing a number of things to improve the quality