by .
sarah griffiths .
a mysterious disease is causing starfish to tear themselves to pieces .
the arms of infected starfish begin to twist and then ` crawl ' away from the creature 's body , until they tear off and the animal 's insides spill out .
divers and scientists first noticed the horrific disease off the coast of washington state , but sightings of dead starfish have been reported as far north as alaska and in southern california .
scroll down for video .
a mysterious disease is causing starfish to tear themselves to pieces .
the arms of infected starfish begin to twist and then ` crawl ' away from the creature 's body , until they tear off -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
the disease prevents the creatures from growing new arms like healthy starfish and they die within approximately 24 hours , according to a report by pbs news .
starfish have been dying by the millions in recent months along the u.s. west coast , worrying biologists who say the sea creatures are key to the marine ecosystem .
scientists first started noticing the mass deaths in one species -- the sunflower starfish - in june 2013 , but the disease , which has been dubbed sea star wasting syndrome - has now spread to 12 species .
different types of starfish are affected , from wild ones along the coast to those in captivity , according to jonathan sleeman , director of the us geological survey 's national wildlife health centre .
scientists first started noticing the mass deaths in one species - the sunflower starfish - in june 2013 , but the disease , which has been dubbed sea star wasting syndrome - has now spread to 12 species .
a healthy sunflower starfish is pictured .
` the two species affected most are pisaster ochraceus -lrb- purple sea star or ochre starfish -rrb- and pycnopodia helianthoides -lrb- sunflower sea star -rrb- , ' he wrote in a statement in december .
the sunflower starfish is considered among the largest of all the species and can span more than a metre in diameter .
the most commonly observed symptoms of the suspected disease are white lesions on the arms of the starfish .
the lesions spread rapidly , resulting in the loss of the arm .
the infection consumes the creature 's