taking her place on the witness stand , a florida court bailiff described being sexually assaulted at gunpoint the day she asked her husband for a divorce after his gambling had led them into debt .
the 55-year-old woman tried to hold back tears as she spoke tuesday of being held against her will by her ex-husband , garrett cunningham , 64 , also a broward court deputy , though he is currently suspended .
the sun sentinel reports that the couple met in 1983 while working as corrections officers in new york city 's riker 's island .
alleged assault : garrett cunningham , 64 , who worked as a court bailiff was accused by his ex-wife of handcuffing and shackling her before sexually assaulting her in 2013 .
they married in 1990 , but the woman described how cunningham 's gambling habits drove them into debt , costing them their house and his car .
the woman said she tried to keep the couple afloat - even covering a $ 2,000 debt cunningham owed - and stated that even after they separated , she would drive him to work .
in september 2013 , she drove him to the plantation motel on state road 7 where he had been living and asked her to help carry groceries to his room , she said .
she testified that once inside the room , cunningham handcuffed her and shackled her legs , before pulling out a glock pistol from under the mattress and pointing it at her .
on the wall was a note listing everything cunningham had done wrong in his life , while a second note on the bed had a list of questions about her personal and dating life , according to an arrest affidavit .
what followed was an hours-long interrogation , where cunningham berated his wife over who she was dating , she testified .
county court : cunningham and his ex-wife met as corrections officers at riker 's island in new york city and began working as bailiffs in 1999 .
cunningham demanded her phone and the password to unlock it .
after reading texts sent between her and a man she had met online , he threw the phone to the floor and shot its screen , she said .
` he had this crazed look in his eye , ' she claimed