by .
rachel quigley .
last updated at 3:09 pm on 31st january 2012 .
would-be presidential assassin john hinckley jnr has engaged in ` risky ' relationships with married and psychotic women and may still pose a risk to society , according to a psychiatrist who is an expert in risk assessment for assassins .
hearings to determine whether hinckley should be allowed more free time outside of st elizabeth 's hospital to visit his elderly mother in williamsburg , virginia , is entering its tenth day today .
the 56-year-old tried to kill president ronald reagan in march 1981 outside a washington hotel to try and impress actress jodie foster .
he was found not guilty by reason of insanity and has been in mental hospital ever since .
risk : john hinckley jr , shown here in 1987 , wants to extend his supervised day trips away from the mental hospital where he has been confined since he tried to assassinate former president reagan .
chaos : john hinckley tried to assassinate former u.s. president ronald reagan on march 30 , 1981 outside the washington hilton hotel .
yesterday , dr robert phillips testified that he is .
opposed to hinckley being given more free time from the hospital he has been treated in the last three decades , citing concerns about the risks his .
relationships with women may cause .
dr robert phillips said that in the ` real relationships ' he has formed with women , he has not always shown good judgement .
on the mend : reagan with his wife nancy at a hospital in washington as he recovered from the assassination attempt by hinckley .
as well as getting involved with a ` psychotic ' patient from the mental hospital - whom he allegedly became physically affectionate with - he tried to begin a relationship with an employee at eastern state hospital , a mental facility hinckley works a few hours a .
week when he 's in williamsburg .
the woman was married with children .
dr phillips said his efforts to attract the married woman were ` either fantasy or abject narcissism ' .
hinckley has been diagnosed with narcissistic personality disorder .
he was also diagnosed as suffering from major depressive and psychotic disorders , but doctors say these are now in remission .
dr phillips , who