sweeping cloud formations and downpours at a height of 12,000 m , spiraling b747 contrails and snow-tipped mountain ranges - these are some of the incredible scenes photographed from a pilot 's cockpit .
spanish pilot jordi martin garcia has produced a series of stunning photos of the world below as he sees it from the seat of his aircraft .
the 42-year-old , who flies for a spanish airline , has amassed the collection of images over the past 15 years as .
he has flown routes across europe .
scroll down for video .
jordi martin garcia took this photograph of contrails streaming behind a b747 above the south of france during a stunning orange sunset .
rain can be seen pouring down from the main cloud in this photograph pictured bottom left .
the picture was taken from the plane a height of 12,000 m .
brightly coloured tulip fields which can be seen during the approach into amsterdam .
mr garcia has been photographing sights from his cockpit for the past 15 years .
wonderful view : this incredible photograph shows the sun rising over the island of majorca .
spanish pilot jordi martin garcia has produced a series of stunning photos of the world as he sees it from the seat of his aircraft .
breathtaking : another stunning shot mr martin garcia took of majorca shows the balearic island 's incredibly rocky coastline .
among them are shots of the peaks of .
industrial buildings breaking through low-lying cloud , acres of .
multi-coloured tulips fields in the netherlands and the paris skyline .
he told mailonline he started out using the pictures a teaching device for his classes on meterology at a pilots ' academy and university .
they were also used in a book about aviation and meteorology he co-authored with tv and radio meteorologist francesc mauri , titled el tiempo visto desde el cielo -lrb- weather from above -rrb- , which has not yet been been published in english .
he said : ` it 's complicated for me to speak about my favourite views for it is something that depends on many aspects .
` for instance - the time of the year and the day hour .
some landscapes have no rival in winter and others get their highest point of splendour in summer .
we are lucky to