it looks like something which could be seen in the hit film slumdog millionaire .
but these shocking images - which show garden sheds and garages transformed into dodgy homes for immigrants - are not from the slums of mumbai .
incredibly , they are from a west london suburb .
according to the sun , the sheds in southall have been built by rogue landlords who are cashing in on newcomers to the country .
london not mumbai : aerial photographs in southall , london , where almost every house has an illegally built home in the back garden containing anywhere between one and six illegal immigrants .
they are completely hidden from view from the street and are a clear breach of strict planning laws .
illegal immigrants have made some of the tiny shacks their homes , some of which are highly dangerous .
rats and cockroaches roam around the units , while others have poor wiring and sanitation .
others are adorned with flat-screen tvs , power showers and central heating .
disaster zone : rubina ali , who acted as young latika in the oscar-winning film slumdog millionaire , inspects the ruins of the shanty she lived in at garib nagar slums , mumbai , india .
sign of the times : the greeting at southall station is a clue that the area has a large asian community .
known as ` little india ' , southall is home to a huge south asian population , one of the biggest concentrations outside india .
the town has dozens of indian restaurants and a huge asian shopping centre .
it was used as the location for hit 2002 british film bend it like beckham , starring keira knightley and parminda nagra .
it also boasts a royal connection - kate middleton 's mother carole was born there , moving away when she was 11 .
however , its history contains darker patches .
in .
1981 it was the scene of devastating race riots , which saw a pub burnt .
down and hundreds of asians and right-wing skinheads fighting in the .
streets .
sixty police officers and 120 rioters were injured during the violence .
in .
1997 , meanwhile , tragedy struck when a high-speed train smashed into a .
stationary freight train near the town , leaving seven dead and 139 .