by .
stephen wright .
and michael seamark .
and claire elliott .
published : .
05:56 est , 7 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
18:56 est , 7 march 2014 .
the head of scotland yard 's counter terrorism command yesterday became the first casualty of the damning new report into the stephen lawrence case .
commander richard walton was ` temporarily moved ' from his post as head of so15 to a non-operational role following the ellison review .
he was also referred to the independent police complaints commission , which will assess whether it should launch a full inquiry into his conduct .
scroll down for videos .
reaction : commissioner sir bernard hogan-howe has spoken of his devastation at hearing the findings of the ellison review , while richard walton -lrb- right -rrb- , the met 's counter-terrorism chief , has been moved from his post .
outraged : baroness lawrence -lrb- left -rrb- , mother of murdered stephen , has said that ` heads should roll ' at the metropolitan police , according to her solicitor , imran khan -lrb- right -rrb- .
murdered : stephen lawrence was stabbed to death by a group of up to six white youths in an unprovoked racist attack as he waited at a bus stop in eltham , south-east london , with a friend on april 22 , 1993 .
in memory : the stephen lawrence memorial on well hall road in eltham , south london .
mr walton had faced an uncertain .
future since the report by mark ellison qc revealed how he had met the .
police spy who had infiltrated an activist group close to the lawrence .
family campaign as a junior detective .
the .
contact between him and the undercover officer n81 was damned as .
` inappropriate and wrong-headed ` by the ellison report and the catalyst .
for theresa may 's decision to order a public inquiry into undercover .
policing .
the decision to .
move him was announced hours after doreen lawrence 's lawyer demanded to .
know why no police officers have ever brought to account over the .
stephen lawrence scandal .
former metropolitan police commissioner lord paul condon denied knowledge of any undercover operations that targeted the lawrence family .
stunned : neville lawrence told the mail the findings of the