by .
chris brooke .
published : .
07:33 est , 20 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:20 est , 21 february 2013 .
when three-year-old rohid zamani and his family fled afghanistan to escape the terrors of the taliban regime , they could only hope to reach a better place .
but never in their wildest dreams could they have imagined such a spectacular outcome for their little boy .
while the family have built a new life in britain , rohid , now 16 , has defied overwhelming odds to win a full scholarship to eton .
rohid zamani , 16 , who fled afghanistan to become a student at sirius academy , hull , and now has been accepted for a scholarship at eton college .
his extraordinary story began in the city of jalalabad , where the zamanis lived in fear of the extremist islamic rulers and civil unrest raging around them .
among the horrors they witnessed was a man who was decapitated because he put gel in his hair to style it .
` he was dragged out in the street and they chopped his head off , ' said rohid .
` there were people getting killed for almost no reason .
every day we were afraid .
' his mother narrowly escaped death after briefly getting out of bed when a relative visited while she was ill .
rohid said : ` moments after she got up a bomb went off and shattered the windows .
` level-headed ' : rohid zamani , 16 , with his mentor , teacher adam rust , right .
rohid can reel off hair-raising tales of murder and violence that were commonplace under the taliban .
rohid 's father held a respected job as a civil engineer designing roads in afghanistan .
rohid 's family fled afghanistan when he was three .
this file picture showing taliban fighters is from 1997 , a year after the religious zealots came to power .
` the shards of glass fell on the bed .
if my mum had been there she would have been dead .
' rohid 's father , who worked as a civil .
engineer , decided to risk everything by fleeing the country with his .
wife and two children .
their journey took them across 3,500 miles , including crossing