terrifying footage has emerged of the final moments of a man who died after smashing his $ 200,000 black luxury lamborghini into a power pole .
cctv footage has captured george kanalis , from glenhaven , north-west of sydney driving at high speed through hassall street in wetherill park as he collided into a number of other vehicles .
massive cloud of smoke and a trail of skid marks on the road suggests the 42-year-old spun out of lost after overtaking another vehicle before slamming into a pole about 6pm on thursday .
nearby workers and motorists were seen running towards the scene to help the father of two , who died at the scene after being trapped inside his dream car .
scroll down for video .
george kanalis -lrb- pictured -rrb- lost his life on thursday night after slamming his dream car into a power pole .
the 42-year-old father died at the scene after crashing his luxury lamborghini into a pole in sydney 's west .
distraught family and friends have returned to the scene to pay their respects as they gathered on friday to lay flowers while others have paid tribute on social media .
one friend posted on facebook : ` thanks for the bourbon george .
rip mate .
' another said : ' i grew up with george since 2nd grade at school we spent most of our teenage years good mate although i have n't seen him in a few years he was always there -lsb- sic -rsb- .
' a third friend wrote : ` one of life 's great characters , you 're right , taken way too soon .
rip ' while another said : ` he was a very unique person a true one of a kindrip -lsb- sic -rsb- george my friend ' police are investigating whether speed or alcohol was a factor in the single vehicle crash , after witness reports of a car crashing into a pole .
witnesses have told police that the car was driving east when it crossed to the opposite side of the road , collided with a number of other vehicles , left the roadway and crashed into a pole .
no-one else was injured in the incident .
the 42-year-old father left a trail of white smoke and skid marks on the road as the wheel comes off his