viewers tuned in to ktva-tv 's 10pm newscast last night were given a bit of a shock when the newsreader revealed the identity of the owner of a medical marijuana business - herself .
reporter charlo greene made the confession live on air before announcing that she was quitting using just a few choice words .
` and as for this job , well , not that i have a choice but , f *** it , i quit , ' she said .
ms greene had reported on the alaska cannabis club during sunday night 's broadcast , without revealing her connection to it , alaska dispatch news reported .
scroll down for video .
reporter charlo greene made the confession live on air before announcing that she was quitting .
but at the end of the report , during a live shot , she announced that she was the club 's owner and would be devoting herself to legalizing the drug in alaska .
she said : ` now everything you heard is why i , the actual owner of the alaska cannabis club , will be dedicating all of my energy for fighting for freedom and fairness which begins with legalizing marijuana here in alaska .
' ms greene then announced she was quitting and marched off camera .
back in the main studio , the anchor looked rather flummoxed as she struggled to decide how to proceed , before glancing up and down , offering an quick apology , and saying : ` we 'll be right back .
' the news channel took to twitter to apologise .
` viewers , we sincerely apologize for the inappropriate language used by a ktva reporter on the air tonight , ' it wrote .
` the employee has been terminated .
' the alaska cannabis club connects medical marijuana cardholders with other cardholders who are growing cannabis .
on its website , the club bills itself as striking ' a perfect balancing act with alaska 's medical marijuana laws ' .
growers are offered ` donations ' as reimbursement for the costs of growing the plant , the club said in an interview with alaska dispatch news in august .
the club said it hopes to increase access to medical marijuana patients , despite operating in a legal grey area within alaska 's murky medical marijuana laws