by .
louise cheer .
the father of australian tennis player bernard tomic will have to pay almost around # 250,000 to his son 's former hitting partner - thomas drouet - after assaulting him .
news corp reported that john tomic will be ordered to fork out the money in compensation to drouet next week for the incident which occurred in spain during the 2013 madrid masters .
in september last year , the tennis coach was sentenced to eight months jail for the attack .
patched up : thomas drouet is pictured shortly after being headbutted by bernard tomic 's dad , john .
tomic - who is his son 's coach - said he acted in self-defence when he head-butted drouet in the face , breaking his nose .
drouet said he was happy to finally put the incident behind him .
` today was an important day for me ... i 'm just glad it 's over , i have really always just wanted it to finish .
i feel good you know , ' he told news.com.au .
tomic got into a fight with drouet on madrid 's main street - paseo de la castellana - which led to the former bosnian-born taxi driver being suspended from atp events .
the bosnian-born coach said he acted in self-defence during the incident in madrid .
poor form : it has not has been a good year so far for tomic , who was knocked out in the second round at wimbledon .
it has not been a good year for the tomic clan with bernard , 21 , being knocked out in the second round of wimbledon - while canberra 's nick kyrgios usurped him as the next big thing in australian tennis .
bernard went down to sixth seed tomas berdych , from the czech republic , in the men 's single at the grand slam last month .
before that he was booed off court by crowds at the australian open earlier this year when he retired with a groin injury against world no1 rafael nadal in the first round .
more recently , bernard caused controversy in may when he was linked to a gold coast party that reportedly supplied cocaine and alcohol to guests - including two underage girls brought to the penthouse by the australian tennis star .