by .
associated press reporter .
published : .
16:36 est , 25 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
01:18 est , 26 july 2013 .
four russian nationals and a ukrainian have been charged with running a sophisticated hacking organization that penetrated computer networks of more than a dozen major american and international corporations over seven years , stealing and selling at least 160 million credit and debit card numbers , resulting in losses of hundreds of millions of dollars .
indictments were announced thursday in newark , where u.s. attorney paul fishman called the case the largest hacking and data breach scheme ever prosecuted in the united states .
princeton-based heartland payment systems inc. , which processes credit and debit cards for small to mid-sized businesses , was identified as taking the biggest hit in a scheme starting in 2007 -- the theft of more than 130 million card numbers at a loss of about $ 200 million .
scroll down for video .
dmitriy smilianets , left , is in u.s. custody and expected to appear in federal court next week , while albert gonzalez , right , is currently serving 20 years for stealing credit card numbers .
atlanta-based global payment systems , another major payment processing company , had nearly one million card numbers stolen , with losses of nearly $ 93 million , prosecutors said .
the indictment did not put a loss figure on the thefts at some other major corporations , including commidea ltd. , a european provider of electronic payment processing for retailers .
the government said hackers in 2008 covertly removed about 30 million card numbers from its computer network .
about 800,000 card numbers were stolen in an attack on the visa network , but the indictment did not cite any loss figure .
not all the companies the hackers infected over the years with malicious computer software suffered financial losses .
customer log-in credentials were stolen from nasdaq and dow jones inc. , the indictment said , though prosecutors said nasdaq 's trading platform was not affected .
the indictment said the suspects sent each other instant messages as they took control of the corporate data , telling each other , for instance : ` nasdaq is owned .
' at least one man told others that he used google news alerts to learn whether his