by .
rob preece .
published : .
06:49 est , 22 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
17:14 est , 22 june 2012 .
it was a bitter grudge match dubbed the battle of the bailout - and , unsurprisingly , it was dominated by germany .
the german football team beat their greek counterparts 4-2 in a quarter-final at euro 2012 in poland tonight .
the match in gdansk , watched from the stands by german chancellor angela merkel , pitted europe 's economic engine room against the nation many say it is trying to crush , by demanding .
huge budget cuts in exchange for rescue cash .
and there was no respite for the greeks as germany , tipped as one of the favourites for the tournament , ran out comfortable winners .
euphoric : german chancellor angela merkel celebrates after philip lahm scores against greece in the quarter-final .
eliminated : an unhappy greece supporter watches as her team goes out of euro 2012 .
merkel has been regularly .
ridiculed by greek media as a ` nazi ' trying to re-take control of their .
country .
it refers to greece 's occupation by .
adolf hitler 's army from 1941 to 1945 , for which some victims ' families .
are still trying to claim $ 100billion from berlin in reparations .
as .
would be expected , both sets of national media spent the last week .
ramping up the tensions between the three-time champions and the .
surprise 2004 winners .
greece 's .
live newspaper quipped : ` the referee should give merkel a fright and .
toss a drachma coin at the beginning of the match .
' ridicule : greek fans play with a blow-up doll with a german jersey with the name of german chancellor angela merkel prior to the match .
celebration : germany 's marco reus , left , and jerome boateng dance after winning the game .
meanwhile , .
gata sports newspaper joked : ` the first measure that our new government .
has to push through on the urging of merkel : we have to lose against .
germany on friday .
' the german press has also drawn on the eurozone crisis .
bild .
newspaper said on tuesday : ` be happy dear greeks , the defeat on