chelsea manager jose mourinho has taken a double swipe at arsenal - 29 days before the start of the season .
the portuguese , speaking at his unveiling as a bt sport ambassador , claimed summer signing cesc fabregas never wanted to return to the emirates stadium this summer and said jack wilshere has set a poor example to children after he was caught smoking in las vegas last week .
mourinho pulled off a coup by signing fabregas from barcelona earlier this summer , despite the fact arsenal had first option on the midfielder .
video scroll down to watch some of jose mourinho 's most memorable moments .
mastermind : jose mourinho missed his own son 's football match to sign fabregas for chelsea .
the spaniard 's move to stamford bridge came as a shock given his emotional ties with the gunners , who he captained .
fabregas had indicated arsenal snubbed the chance to re-sign , but mourinho claims the midfielder never intended to go back to north london and says it it took him just 20 minutes to clinch his signing .
` how did i persuade him ?
i spoke to him for about 20 minute , ' said mourinho .
' i think he really wanted to come .
arsenal had an option where they could interfere , but i do n't ' think he was open to that .
he was in our direction so it was easy for me .
' and the special one had his say on the smoking controversy that has engulfed wilshere this week .
the gunners midfielder was photographed smoking and behaving outrageously during a holiday in vegas .
easy decision : the chelsea boss claimed it took just 20 minutes to convince fabregas to join .
it was the second time in nine months wilshere has been snapped with a cigarette in his mouth , despite his protestations that he is not a smoker .
and mourinho says the england midfielder is not fulfillng his status as a role model after his vegas escapade .
` what football players do , millions and millions are watching , lots of kids are watching , ' said the blues boss .
` i 'm not a specialist , obviously , but i do n't think if a football player smokes one cigar or cigarette with friends in