by .
chris wheeler .
manchester united 's new assistant coach albert stuivenberg has spoken of the ` unique opportunity ' to work alongside louis van gaal at old trafford .
the former holland under-21 coach has been working with assistant boss ryan giggs at carrington for the past few days while van gaal completes his world cup commitments with the dutch national team in brazil .
` this is a good step in my career , ' said stuivenberg , who led holland under-17s to victory in the 2011 and 2012 uefa european championships .
` i consider it a great compliment that louis van gaal has asked me .
arrival : dutchman albert stuivenberg has been brought in as louis van gaal 's assistant coach at united .
pride : stuivenberg is delighted to have been given this ` unique opportunity ' to work with van gaal .
new role : stuivenberg previously worked with van gaal as the dutch under-21s manager .
` with the dutch national team and the juniors we have worked well with each other and our vision is not so different .
` this is a unique opportunity that has come my way .
the talks went on for some time , but only this week it has become officially final .
' united 's players stayed late at training on tuesday as they were put through a double session , having played a small-sided game using half a pitch on monday when pre-season training officially got underway .
giggs oversaw proceedings and will relish his role as no. 2 to van gaal after growing despondent with his lack of involvement on david moyes 's coaching staff last season .
however , stuivenberg has been heavily involved in the sessions as well and the 43-year-old is expected to have a significant amount of input in the new regime .
dutch of class : van gaal will finish coaching holland at the world cup before moving to old trafford .
values : van gaal has a record of bringing through young talent at ajax , barcelona and bayern munich .
in charge : ryan giggs -lrb- left -rrb- took charge of a double training session for united 's players on tuesday .