jamie durie is famous for his design skills and his jaw-dropping sydney home which has just been put on the market does not disappoint .
the tv presenter has put the one-off home on the market and it will go for a ` multi-million dollar price tag ' , according to listing agent ken jacobs , of christie 's international .
the spectacular white-washed home sits on a secluded hilltop on the edge of bilgola and has everything to catch a buyers ' attention from a whale tail inspired roof to an observation deck in the shape of a whale 's stomach .
the ` sculptural masterpiece ' is expected to fetch a multi-million dollar price when it is sold .
jamie durie is an award-winning international horticulturalist and landscape designer .
the 44-year-old award-winning international horticulturalist and landscape designer spent three years creating the home with acclaimed architect walter barda .
the brochure describes it as an ` iconic piece of australian design - this home will never be repeated ' .
one might wonder why jamie would want to sell this little piece of heaven , but according to his publicist he is ` spending more and more time in the us ' and wants to downsize to a smaller sydney home , reports daily telegraph .
the home boasts amazing ocean views from long reef to the central coast in nsw .
the tv star , originally from manly , has really showed off his design skills with this house .
the outside of the home is just about as spectacular as the interior .
the house has an ` open concept ' with sunken lounge and stunning contemporary stone kitchen .
julia tink , his public relations spokeswoman , said : ` this house is beautiful but it requires a lot of upkeep .
` he does n't want to rent it out ... he is downsizing to something that is more manageable somewhere in sydney .
' the 614 square metre holding was bought in 2003 for $ 1.3 million , with architect mr barda then commissioned to build the four-bedroom residence .
the observation deck is shaped like a whale 's stomach to add more character to the home .
it has only been on the market for a week and already gaining lots of interest according to the letting agent .
the outside