a star player at the high school football team caught up in a allegations of sick hazing rituals carried out on freshman has lost his scholarship to penn state university .
myles hartsfield , 17 , a cornerback in his final year at the beleaguered sayreville war memorial school in parlin , new jersey , was dropped by coaches today .
seven players have been charged with sex crimes over allegations that older team members would routinely hold new players down , anally penetrate them with their fingers , then stick it in the boy 's mouth .
promising : myles hartsfield , a cornerback for the scandal-hit football team at sayreville war memorial school in new jersey , has lost his scholarship to penn state university .
he is pictured here earlier in his high school career .
young talent : hartsfield , pictured in 2011 , is now considered one of the most promising players in the state , and had several scholarships to choose from .
it is not clear whether hartsfield is one of the players , all aged 15-17 , who have been arrested and charged .
the names of those charged have not been released because they are all juveniles .
the blow to hartsfield 's career was reported today by bluewhiteillustrated , a fan site for the nittany lions , penn state 's team .
he has been described as an ` explosive talent ' in offense and defense - and had the pick of several scholarships before choosing penn state .
according to some rankings , he is the 13th most promising player in new jersey .
` sick ritual ' : sayreville war memorial high school 's football team , some of whose players are pictured above , has been by a hazing scandal .
the identities of the players involved is not known .
but he , and all his teammates , are now in jeopardy after the season was canceled while investigations take place .
the scandal widened last night after the area 's superintendent revealed that the hazing may have been going on for years - and said that football may not come back to the school for a very long time .
sayreville schools superintendent richard labbe revealed that information gathered by the middlesex county prosecutor 's officer suggests the harassment , intimidation and bullying may have