by .
gavin allen .
updated : .
08:57 est , 16 december 2011 .
labour today comfortably held feltham and heston in the by-election with an increased majority over the conservatives .
labour candidate seema malhotra was returned with a majority of 6,203 - a net swing of 8.6 per cent from the conservatives .
on a night which saw a turnout of under 29 per cent - the lowest in a by-election for 11 years - the liberal democrats managed to see off a challenge from the uk independence party to hold on to third place .
triumph : labour candidate seema malhotra -lrb- centre -rrb- celebrates with her husband sushil saluja -lrb- front left -rrb- after winning the feltham and heston by-election in the early hours of this morning .
the result came as a relief to labour leader ed miliband who needed a victory if he was not to face a fresh bout of questioning over his leadership .
he hailed the by-election success as a ` verdict on the government 's failed economic plan ' .
addressing supporters in feltham town centre , mr miliband called on the tories to ` listen ' to voters .
he said : ' i think it is pretty offensive that the conservatives are saying this morning `` well , what do you expect ?
it 's a traditional labour area '' .
` they should n't be denying the people 's choice , they should be listening to the people 's verdict .
' i think that is one of the things people really do n't like about this government - that they do n't listen .
they really need to start listening .
the triumphant candidate said her victory is a ` wake-up call ' for prime minister david cameron .
important message : ms malhotra delivers her winning speech as the unsuccessful candidates , lib dem roger crouch -lrb- centre -rrb- and tory mark bowen -lrb- head bowed -rrb- , listen on at the civic centre in hounslow , west london .
ms malhotra said : ` even on a lower turnout we 've increased substantially our majority and the tories have got to be asking the question of why .
` this is a really important message that 's been sent to mr cameron .
' the conservatives however said labour .
should have extended