sir jimmy savile 's campaign of alleged child abuse took place over six decades .
jimmy savile 's alleged campaign of child sex abuse could include as many as 60 victims spanning over six decades , investigators have revealed .
police have trebled their original estimates of the number of preyed upon youngsters , after soaring numbers of alleged victims have come forward in the wake of the scandal .
detectives said the figure accounts for ` predominately ' teenage girls .
today it was also reported savile was previously investigated by police six times after a series of sex abuse claims , the first one taking place as early as 1958 .
and fresh allegations have come to light that the alleged child molester was ` given the keys ' to broadmoor secure hospital around 1988 , when cabinet minister ken clarke was health secretary .
it was claimed the predatory paedophile molested a 17-year-old patient at the high security mental hospital , broadmoor , which he was given the gold-plated keys to as a reward for his volunteering .
the department of health -lrb- doh -rrb- has been dragged into .
the scandal over its decision to appoint savile to lead a ` taskforce ' overseeing management restructuring at the hospital .
the department will carry out an investigation into how he was given the position and the doh could be sued by victims as it was running the place at the time .
mr clarke was forced to defend himself last night , saying : ' i have no recollection of ever having met jimmy savile and no .
recollection of these events .
` the doh are rightly now investigating to .
establish the facts .
' a spokeswoman for mr clarke said that as he only became .
health secretary in july 1988 , savile 's appointment to the role at broadmoor .
may have been instigated by someone else .
in a statement , the doh said : ` we will investigate the .
department of health 's conduct in apparently appointing savile to this role .
` in hindsight he should very obviously not have been .
appointed .
' scroll down for video .
there are now reports of alleged abuse starting in 1959 up to and including 2006 , the year in which savile is pictured , right .
the former