by .
mark prigg for mailonline .
the megarocket nasa is developing to take man to mars is so loud it could damage nearby buildings and even astronaut 's hearing when it takes off , the space agency has admitted .
towering a staggering 384 feet tall , the space launch system -lrb- sls -rrb- will provide 9.2 million pounds of thrust at liftoff and weigh 6.5 million pounds .
nasa has been testing small scale versions of the rocket amid fears it could be too loud .
scroll down for video .
an artist 's impression of the giant rocket taking off .
four sls rs-25 engines will be used to power the world 's biggest rocket into orbit .
' a 5-percent scale model , including solid rocket motors , of nasa 's space launch system -lrb- sls -rrb- is ignited to test how low - and high-frequency sound waves will affect the rocket on the launch pad , ' the agency said .
` the data collected from the tests will be used to help direct and verify the design of the rocket 's sound suppression system .
' previous tests have shown that most ofthe acoustic energy being emitted from a rocket engines is concentrated in the low to mid frequency ranges .
` this may have the potential to damage structures or harm personnel in the immediate vicinity of the test stand .
' a nasa report warned .
the sls is set to become the largest rocket ever built , dwarfing the rockets that took man to the moon and paving the way for manned missions to mars .
nasa today said it is about to start testing the engines for the space launch system -lrb- sls -rrb- rocket - on the same stand that were used to perfect the apollo rockets .
four engines , a modified version of the space shuttle main engine that powered missions into space from 1981 to 2011 , will be used on the mega-rocket .
` this test series is a major milestone because it will be our first opportunity to operate the engine with a new controller and to test propellant inlet conditions for sls that are different than the space shuttle , ' said steve wofford , sls liquid engines element manager .
earlier this year nasa signed a $ 2.8 billion contract with boeing