it was , in a nutshell , all you need to know about cricket 's attitude to its ongoing fight against corruption .
proof , if any were needed , that the priorities of the world governing body towards the biggest threat to the game 's health and credibility are totally and woefully wrong .
when david richardson , who has remained invisible during his two-year reign as chief executive of the international cricket council , finally spoke about the latest crisis gripping the game late on tuesday , his words were revealing .
this was not , as you might expect , recognition of the gravity of the issues enveloping chris cairns and lou vincent and a clear statement of the action that the icc will soon take on the guilty players involved in match and spot fixing in numerous countries , including england .
instead , richardson 's ` interview ' with .
his own employers - hardly paxman-style interrogation , then - seemed .
intent solely on launching a ` thorough investigation ' into how the .
testimony of new zealand captain brendon mccullum , revealed in .
sportsmail by ed hawkins , came into the public domain .
finally : icc chief executive david richardson has broken his silence on recent cricket corruption scandals .
priorities : richardson is more intent on investigating how the testimony of brendan mccullum was leaked than fighting this blight on the sport .
no mention , you will notice , as to why the much-derided icc anti-corruption unit have failed to land a significant conviction in 14 years .
no mention about any positive action against those responsible for vincent 's crimes .
clearly , as far as richardson is concerned , cricket supporters should not learn about the depth of corruption in the world game from information leaked to journalists .
so let 's all shoot the messenger then , mr richardson , and give further ammunition to cynics who suspect the whole sordid business will be brushed under the carpet .
by richardson 's logic , journalists like hawkins , the leading authority on corruption in cricket , and lawrence booth , who revealed in december that new zealanders cairns , vincent and daryl tuffey were being investigated by the icc , should be hamstrung and the game will continue to give the appearance that it is wallowing