click here to register - for free - and start picking your # 100million squad now ... the madness that is the summer transfer window finished with a manic transfer deadline day , with some eye-catching new recruits for some of the top premier league sides .
with the international break almost over and the premier league returning this weekend with some mouthwatering fixtures , what better time than to refresh your mailonline fantasy football side than right now .
here , sportsmail has picked 10 of the best deadline-day signings who should be given serious consideration when you look to make changes to your side .
exciting : -lrb- left to right -rrb- radamel falcao , hatem ben arfa , marcos rojo and danny welbeck all moved clubs .
radamel falcao -lrb- manchester united -rrb- - fantasy football value : # 10.3 m .
one of the most surprising moves on deadline day , but also one of the biggest .
falcao guarantees united goals - and he can also guarantee you points if you select him .
despite having to compete with robin van persie and wayne rooney for a starting place up front at old trafford , no club pays someone # 280,000-a-week and a # 6m loan fee if they do not intend to start them .
the 28-year-old colombian scored 13 goals in 22 games at monaco last season , he netted 70 times in 91 appearances for atletico madrid and he struck on 72 occasions for porto in just 87 matches .
falcao is the sixth-most-expensive striker in the game at # 10.3 m , yet he is well worth the investment because he will bring you point after point with his goals .
even worth a serious consideration as your captain .
new boy : radamel falcao joined manchester united on a season-long loan deal this summer .
goal machine : falcao 's form for monaco prompted united to bring the colombian to old trafford .
national service : falcao in action for colombia in a friendly against brazil last week .
danny welbeck -lrb- arsenal -rrb- - fantasy football value : # 9.0 m .
arsenal needed to sign a striker and they have poached one of england 's brightest talents from united with the # 15m signing of welbeck .
welbeck found himself out of favour under louis van gaal at