by .
rachel reilly .
despite its reputation , stress can cause us to lead a healthier lifestyle , according to a new research .
five experiments showed that while stress can cause some people to overeat or indulge in a spending spree , it can cause just as many people to do more exercise or eat healthily , too .
scientists found that people tend to rely on the habits they have already formed rather than automatically turning to destructive behaviour when put under pressure .
the findings suggest that we do not have .
finite resources for self-discipline and that in fact we can control .
ourselves just as much when stressed as when relaxed .
scientists found that people rely on the habits they have already formed rather than automatically turning to destructive behaviour when put under pressure .
gym goers turn to exercise to get them through tough times .
` when we try to change our behaviour , we .
strategise about our motivation and self-control , ' said wendy wood , provost professor of psychology and business at university of southern california .
` but what we should be .
thinking about instead is how to set up new habits .
habits persist even .
when we 're tired and do n't have the energy to exert self-control .
' wood is a leading expert on .
habit , the automatic behaviours that make it possible for us to function each day .
learned habits also play a big role in .
our health - research has shown that exercise , overeating and smoking are .
significant risk factors for major diseases .
but while most disease prevention .
efforts focus on self-control , the latest research from wood shows that .
the best way to prevent disease might be knowing how to let go : ` everybody gets stressed .
` the focus on controlling your behaviour .
may not actually be the best way to get people to meet goals .
if you are somebody who does n't have a lot of willpower , our study .
showed that habits are even more important .
' in one experiment professor wood and colleagues followed students for a term , including during .
exams .
stress is traditionally associated with increased smoking and drinking but just as many people engage in healthy behaviour