by .
sam greenhill and beezy marsh .
published : .
18:18 est , 9 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:57 est , 10 april 2013 .
carol and sir mark thatcher both returned to britain yesterday after learning of their mother 's death while abroad .
sir mark was said to be finding it ` very tough ' since receiving the news .
both he and his twin sister have been grieving privately overseas but have returned to london as the family gathers ahead of next wednesday 's funeral .
baroness margaret thatcher at the age of 33 , has time to play with her twin children mark and carol aged six , both engrossed in their toy garage and motor cars in 1959 .
baroness margaret thatcher with sir denis thatcher and her twins in 1959 .
her children are returning to london for the former prime minister 's funeral .
sir mark was on holiday at a rented multi-million-pound villa in barbados when he was informed .
the five-bedroom property overlooks the caribbean sea and is on the fringes of the exclusive sandy lane estate on the island 's scenic west coast .
he and his wife , sarah jane russell , packed up and left early yesterday morning to fly to london .
a member of staff at the villa told the daily mail : ` he is only as good as can be expected under the circumstances .
it is very tough for him .
` he has gone away now .
he left very early and he was gone by the time we got to work .
his wife went with him .
' carol thatcher lives in klosters , the upmarket ski resort in the swiss alps favoured by the royals .
in 1953 lady thatcher was 28 when her twins were born .
she had been married for two years and was trying to juggle her new career as a lawyer with her political ambitions .
despite living abroad , the twins made regular trips back to britain to see their ailing mother , and were often seen accompanying her to lunch on her birthday .
she left on sunday morning -- the day before her mother 's stroke -- on a pre-planned trip , according to her partner , ski instructor marco grass .
a neighbour of their