by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
04:58 est , 15 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:44 est , 15 may 2013 .
the perfect gift for the billionaire who has everything has just come on the market - an idyllic tropical island tucked away in the great barrier reef .
however , the australian island is far from being a deserted getaway , as it hosts a 300-room luxury hotel and spa .
daydream island in queensland , near the whitsunday islands , has doubtless shot to the top of the shopping list for the mega-rich after going up for sale for # 75million .
scroll down for video .
idyllic : daydream island in the great barrier reef has just gone on sale with a price tag of # 75million .
resort : the gorgeous island boasts a 300-room hotel which offers its guests jet-skiing and scuba diving .
paradise : arriving visitors are greeted by an array of palm trees by the jetty as they first reach daydream island .
the 4km-long island is covered in lush rainforest , and features the world 's largest man-made coral reef lagoon .
its hotel boasts a private golden beach for each guest , and the outdoor aquarium features 50 different corals and 80 types of sea life .
moguls who are keen to enjoy snorkelling , jet-skiing , scuba diving and other aquatic activities will be keen to stake their claim to be the new owner of daydream island .
for sale : the island is to be passed on from one super-rich mogul to another - and hopefully the new owner is a fan of aquatic pursuits .
chapel : the resort even has facilities for weddings , aimed at couples looking to make their big day even more special .
relaxing : the swimming pool at the daydream island resort overlooks waters containing the great barrier reef .
snorkelling : visitors can explore the great barrier reef , one of the world 's hotbeds of biodiversity .
jet-skiing : the tropical setting is perfect for watersports adventurers .
aquatic life : the island 's man-made reef hosts amazing tropical fish such as stingrays .
fishing : visitors go out in boats to catch a tasty lunch or just indulge in a bit of sport .
mini golf : less intrepid guests can