by .
martha de lacey .
published : .
10:11 est , 28 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:34 est , 18 november 2013 .
his internationally renowned ` clean & .
lean ' diet has picked up a host of celebrity fans , from supermodels elle macpherson and .
david gandy , to actor hugh grant and victoria 's secret model rosie huntington-whiteley .
and now fitness guru-to-the-stars james duigan has updated and re-released .
his healthy living plan for everyone on kindle this month , promising to banish yo-yo dieting forever and give .
you the streamline body of which you 've always dreamed .
and for femail readers , duigan has filmed a series of .
exclusive exercise videos , each targeting a specific problem area , just for us .
last week duigan revealed how to get the bottom you really want , and this .
week tummies are under the spotlight .
scroll down for exclusive video .
british model rosie huntington-whiteley is a staunch supporter of james duigan 's clean & lean diet plan .
in today 's short video , duigan reveals three exercises which he promises will give you a flat tummy .
the wood chop is one of his favourite exercises , a ` big bang ' exercise that uses pretty much every muscle in your body .
it involves swiping your clenched hands in outstretched arms from left to right , down to up .
the plank helps improve posture and strengthen core muscles by working and switching on abdominals .
the tummy vacuum is ' a great way of connecting your brain to your tummy muscles ' , by teaching them to work properly .
it helps you engage muscles in the stomach properly .
the three exercises are easy-to-do and can be carried out anywhere at any time .
and although .
it 's loved by supermodels , victoria 's secret girls and film stars , duigan says that the real magic is .
that is can work for anyone , from housewives to office workers and .
everyone in between .
huntington-whiteley .
met james several years ago and is such a fan that she penned the .
introduction to his book clean & lean : flat tummy fast .
rosie said : ` james knows exactly how i want my body to look