by .
daily mail reporter .
updated : .
16:04 est , 12 may 2014 .
just two years after holly golightly 's iconic townhouse at 169 east 71st st sold for $ 5.97 million , it is back on the market - for nearly double the price .
the 3,800-square-foot manhattan brownstone made famous .
by the audrey hepburn film breakfast at tiffany 's is now on sale for $ 10million .
the four-story house , which is divided into two duplex units but can be converted into a four-bedroom , five-bathroom home , was bought by cyprus-based costalea holdings limited in april 2012 after serving as a hideout for 11 years to former merrill lynch broker peter e bacanovic , who originally purchased the property .
for $ 1.8 million in 2000 .
iconic townhouse : the manhattan brownstone made famous by the audrey hepburn film breakfast at tiffany 's is back on the market for $ 10million .
landmark : the building 's exterior was used for the film , and interiors were shot at a sound stage in california .
mr baconovic is well known for the five months he spent in prison as part of the martha stewart insider trading scandal , and sold the house because ` it was time for a change , ' he told the new york times in 2012 .
the 15-foot-wide upper east side townhouse figured prominently in the 1961 film breakfast at tiffany 's .
the house served as the backdrop for the movie 's famous exterior shots , however most of inside scenes , where miss golightly hosted her wild soirees and lived alongside paul varjak , the aspiring writer played by george peppard , were filmed in a hollywood studio .
however , robert browne , mr baconovic 's broker at corcoran , told the new york the times he is convinced that the party where miss golighty wore a bed sheet was filmed in the living room .
famous address : robert browne , mr baconovic 's broker said he is convinced that the party miss golighty wore a bed sheet to was filmed in the house 's living room .
good investment : peter bacanovic , best known as the merrill lynch broker who was embroiled in the martha stewart insider trading case , purchased the property in 2000 for $ 1.88 million .