one of the 14 bullets fired by a milwaukee police officer at a mentally ill man killed in a downtown park in april hit him in the back , according to official autopsy results released monday by an attorney for the man 's family .
jon safran , the attorney for dontre hamilton 's family , said he wants the public to have ` more accurate information ' as a prosecutor weighs whether to file charges against officer christopher manney .
hamilton was on the ground when manney responded to a call for a welfare check and began a pat-down .
manney , who is white , said he fatally shot hamilton , who was black , after a fight and that he feared hamilton would kill him .
what motivated the killing ?
jon safran , the attorney for dontre hamilton 's -lrb- hamilton at left -rrb- family , has called into question the mentally ill 31-year-old killer 's description of events as a prosecutor weighs whether to file charges against officer christopher manney -lrb- right -rrb- .
the autopsy , conducted by the milwaukee county medical examiner 's office , found that half of the 14 shots that hit hamilton traveled downward , with one hitting his back .
safran said that seems to indicate the officer was standing above hamilton .
no gunpowder residue was found near hamilton 's wounds , which safran said showed the men were not close when manney fired .
milwaukee police referred comment to the medical examiner 's office , which declined comment .
the district attorney also declined comment .
the district attorney had been waiting for reports from outside experts to make a decision on charges .
fred anapol , professor of anthropology at the university of wisconsin-milwaukee , looked at the autopsy documents monday and said the possibilities for the downward trajectory include the officer being taller or the gun otherwise being pointed down .
but he said it 's hard to make conclusions without all the police reports .
looking for justice : in this october 13 photo , maria hamilton holds posters used in rallies calling the release of information and policy changes after her son , dontre hamilton , was shot and killed by a police officer in milwaukee .
hamilton 's family says he had schizophrenia and described hamilton as fearful , but not dangerous