by .
mark prigg .
for golfers who struggle to avoid the water hazards , it could be a challenging course .
the maldives has revealed plans for a radical # 320m floating course , which players access by an undersea tunnel .
the course is part of a massive plan to replace the sinking islands with a network of man made , floating islands .
with an average elevation of just five feet above sea level the maldives , with its 1,192 islands in the indian ocean , is the lowest country in the world .
the floating golf course that could soon form the centerpiece of the maldives , replacing its islands as they sink below the surface of the sea .
amid fears many of the islands will soon sink into the sea , the maldivian government has started a .
joint venture with the architectural firm dutch docklands international .
to build the world 's largest series of artificial floating-islands .
the dutch firm has already built floating islands for prisons .
and housing from slabs of concrete and polystyrene foam .
the hotel and conference centre , which resemble a starfish from above , will be built within circular reefs to allow visitors to dive right from the beach .
in the maldives , the floating islands will be anchored to the seabed using cables .
or telescopic mooring piles , making landforms that are stable even in .
storms .
the architects chose this approach to minimise damage to the seabed , and also chose to build lots of small islands to reduce the shadow on the seabed , which could affect wildlife .
the islands will be constructed in .
india or the middle east to reduce costs , then simply towed to their .
final destination in the maldives .
the real thing : the huvafen fushi resort in maldives , which researchers say could soon be under water , along with the rest of the maldives .
the islands will also be designed for swimmers , divers and even private submarines to enter them from below , and the dutch firm designing the scheme has said visitors will be able to rent private submarines that can surface right in the middle of their living rooms .
watch out for the water hazards : the plans include an 18 hole golf course