standing in the arrivals lounge of dallas-fort worth international airport this is the moment ebola victim thomas eric duncan unwittingly brought the deadly virus to the usa .
pictured moments after he completed his journey from disease-ravaged liberia , two weeks ago , the 42-year-old smiles , as he is greeted warmly by relatives .
holding a family member close he calls others on his cell phone to tell them he will shortly be arriving at their home in dallas .
it follows a journey he was only able to make after he allegedly lied on an airport questionnaire in liberia about not having any contact with a person infected with the deadly disease .
scroll down for video .
arrival : ebola victim thomas eric duncan , 42 greets a woman and phones his family after landing at dallas-forth worth international airport on september 20th .
dressed in a traditional african costume and with her hair-styled especially for the happy occasion the relative appears pleased to see him .
looking healthy mr duncan shows no signs of the potentially fatal ebola virus that struck him down just days after he arrived in the usa .
today the 42-year-old is fighting for his life at the texas health presbyterian hospital in dallas after doctors confirmed his medical condition had dramatically altered from serious to critical .
texas health resources , which runs the hospital , said in a statement : ` mr duncan is in a critical condition .
' however the relative -- who mailonline have decided not to name -- appears to have initially been in denial about the risk to her health after her extended family and friends contacted her following mr duncan 's hospital admission last week .
a friend told mailonline : ` she is the one who went to pick thomas eric duncan up from the airport .
` they greeted each other , they hugged and held each other , which is only normal .
they were pleased to see each other .
` but now everyone has been asking her about what has happened .
` and she has replied ; `` my daddy does not have ebola .
'' ` she said ; `` everyone should stop calling me because my dad does not have ebola .
'' document : a photo shows a copy of a passenger health screening form