wasila tasi'u , 14 , is on trial for allegedly murdering her husband , 35 , with poison .
a 14-year-old nigerian child bride is facing the death penalty for allegedly murdering her 35-year-old husband with rat poison .
prosecutors allege that wasila tasi'u , who comes from a poor , rural family in the north of the country , laced her husband umar sani 's food with poison - perhaps because she regretted the marriage in april .
she is also accused of the murder of three other people , who are said to have died suddenly after eating the same meal prepared for a post-wedding celebration in the village of unguwar yansoro .
but the trial has angered activists who claim a girl who married a man more than 20 years her senior should be treated as a victim .
the case was opened yesterday with testimony from a seven-year-old child who says she was given money and sent to buy the poison on the same day sani died .
prosecutor lamido abba soron-dinki 's first witness was a girl identified as hamziyya , who was living in the same house as tasi'u and her husband at the time .
hamziyya was identified as the sister of sani 's ` co-wife ' , referring to a woman the deceased farmer had married previously in a region where polygamy is widespread .
she testified that tasi'u gave her 80 naira -lrb- $ 0.45 , 0.36 euros -rrb- to buy rat poison from a local shop on april 5 .
` she said rats were disturbing her in her room , ' hamziyya told the court .
wasila speaks with an unidentified defence counsel outside the courtroom during a break at her trial at kano state high court in the village of gezawa .
wasila 's parents stand outside the courtroom shortly after the first day of their daughter 's trial .
father tasiu muhammad sits outside his house at kaurar naduni village , 62 kilometres outside the northern nigerian city of kano .
shopkeeper abuwa yusuf from the town of unguwar yansoro supported the story and confirmed selling the poison to the girl .
and neighbour abdulrahim ibrahim told the court that he was also offered the food allegedly prepared by tasi'u - and saw sani looking ` visibly ill ' after eating .
he said : ` when