reality tv star and singer lil ' chris who died last month was found hanging at his home by a friend , the inquest into his death has been told .
the 24-year-old pop star , whose real name was chris hardman , died on march 23 in his hometown of lowestoft after a long battle with depression .
suffolk coroner peter dean today told the inquest that mr hardman 's that friend aj sutton later identified the body .
scroll down for video .
suffolk coroner peter dean told an inquest into the death of signer chris hardman , aka lil chris -lrb- left and right -rrb- , that a friend found his body hanged at his home in lowestoft on march 23 .
he said that paramedics and police were called to his home in union road , lowestoft , that morning and death was confirmed at 11.48 am .
he added : ` he had been found at his home by a friend .
emergency services were called but attempts at resuscitation failed .
' in a previous statement mr hardman 's family said he had been fighting a long battle with depression , and was determined to find a cure .
pathologist richard ball confirmed the cause of death as hanging .
dr dean said : ' i would like to offer my thoughts and condolences to the family , friends and all those close to him for their loss .
' speaking soon after his death , mr hardman 's family said he was ' a huge personality who will be missed by everyone who knew him ' .
in a statement , they added : ` chris had struggled with mental health issues and depression in recent years .
` he was committed to helping others find better ways of overcoming this illness and publicly said he wished to find a cure .
` despite this , his concern was always his family and his friends , whose happiness was his priority .
' mr hardman shot to fame in channel 4 's rock school after kiss frontman gene simmons made him the lead singer of a student band .
he was later offered a solo deal and went on to have a top five hit with checkin ' it out in 2006 .
a previous statement by mr hardman 's family described him