neymar stole the show at the estadio serra dourada on tuesday night as the brazil star scored a sensational free-kick to set his side up for a 4-0 friendly victory over panama .
the frontman , who was at his skilful best as he produced some sublime tricks throughout the game , made no mistake as he curled the ball into the top corner past a diving oscar mcfarlane in the panama goal .
brazil doubled their advantage five minutes before the half-time interval courtesy of neymar 's barcelona team-mate dani alves .
video scroll down to watch highlights of brazil 4-0 panama .
samba star : neymar celebrates during brazil 's friendly victory over panama in goiania on tuesday evening .
pick that one out !
neymar curled a free-kick into the top corner to set brazil on their way to victory .
powerless : panama goalkeeper oscar mcfarlane was at full stretch but was unable to deny neymar 's strike .
one for the cameras : neymar celebrates his strike -lrb- left -rrb- and later attempts an overhead-kick -lrb- right -rrb- .
all smiles : neymar -lrb- right -rrb- is congratulated by fellow frontman fred -lrb- second left -rrb- as oscar -lrb- left -rrb- looks on .
good call : brazil right-back dani alves celebrates after doubling his country 's advantage just before half-time .
easy does it : alves gestures after finding the bottom corner of the net from outside of the area .
tidy finish : hulk slots the ball home with the outside of his boot having been played in by neymar 's back heel .
got the moves : hulk celebrates scoring brazil 's third goal of the game by doing the macarena .
brazil : cesar , dani alves -lrb- maicon , 46 -rrb- , luiz -lrb- henrique , 70 -rrb- , dante , marcelo -lrb- maxwell , 46 -rrb- , ramires -lrb- hernanes , 46 -rrb- , gustavo , oscar -lrb- willian , 63 -rrb- , fred -lrb- jo , 61 -rrb- , neymar , hulk .
subs not used : victor , jefferson , bernard .
scorer : neymar , 27 , dani alves , 40 , hulk 46 , willian , 73 .
booked : luiz , neymar .
panama : mcfarlane -lrb- calderon , 58 -rrb- , machado -lrb- jimenez , 56 -rrb- , carroll -lrb- rodriguez , 67