the nephew of alan henning has posted an emotional tribute on twitter to his ` hero ' uncle after the aid worker was captured and beheaded by isis extremists .
stuart henning wrote ` rip uncle alan you are and will always be my hero love you ' as news of the killing emerged last night .
today , friends , neighbours and former colleagues of the 47-year-old reacted to news of his death with a mixture of shock , disbelief and anger .
many gathered outside the house where he lived in salford , greater manchester , to light candles and comfort each other .
scroll down for video .
friends and neighbours of alan henning have gathered outside his home in salford , greater manchester to light candles -lrb- pictured -rrb- and comfort each other .
yellow ribbons were tied to lampposts , houses and cars in the street in support for the family of mr henning -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
stuart henning posted an emotional tribute on twitter to his uncle alan henning .
many residents were too upset to comment while others struggled to hold back tears .
one woman , who did not wish to be named , said : ' i used to see alan all the time .
` he 'd always say ` hello ' and was very friendly .
this is terrible news .
' yellow ribbons were tied to lampposts , houses and cars in the street in support for mr henning 's family .
another woman said she was ` lost for words ' , adding : ' i do n't know how to describe it .
i do n't know what to say .
' floral tributes adorn the eccles cross for murdered aid worker alan henning in eccles , greater manchester today .
friends and relatives have left flowers and touching tributes at his house and in eccles town centre .
a woman lays flowers at the home of alan henning .
friends and neighbours have lit candles and tied yellow ribbons to lamp posts , fences and cars .
a yellow ribbon for murdered british hostage alan henning is tied to a taxi seen in the town centre of eccles today .
alan lived with his wife barbara and their two children .
last week mrs henning had made a desperate appeal to his captors to