by .
daily mail reporter .
last updated at 1:52 am on 15th january 2012 .
a failed russian mars probe , which became stuck in earth 's orbit after its rocket boosters failed to ignite , is expected to plunge back to earth today somewhere in the indian ocean near madagascar .
the phobos-grunt mission , which was billed as the most exciting russian space mission in decades , aimed to retrieve soil samples from the martian moon phobos .
but to the embarrassment of russian scientists the spacecraft , which has been described as a flying fuel tank , became stuck after an initially successful launch on november 8 .
doomed : the phobos-grunt probe blasts off successfully in november last year .
it is expected to come crashing back to earth on sunday after its booster rockets failed to ignite and send it on its way to mars .
since then it has slowly been losing altitude due to gravity 's pull .
worryingly the 14-ton spacecraft still has an estimated 11 tons of highly toxic rocket fuel on board , namely dimethylhydrazine and dinitrogen tetroxide .
mission controllers remain confident .
that most of the craft will disintegrate as it re-enters the earth 's .
atmosphere and the fuel is housed inside aluminum tanks which have a .
relatively low melting temperature .
re-entry : the probe burns red hot as it approaches earth 's atmosphere in this image captured by the german tracking and imaging radar facility .
igor lissov , an .
independent moscow-based space observer , said : ` the fuel indeed poses lethal danger .
in case of close contact , but i have n't heard of a single case of any .
civilians poisoned by rocket fuel from all the derelict satellites and .
failed rockets throughout the space era .
` the objective reality is that it burns on re-entry .
there is no reason to panic .
' some experts believe that the fuel could have frozen and therefore survive the fiery descent , posing a strong threat if it spills over populated areas .
jonathan mcdowell of the harvard-smithsonian centre for astrophysics in cambridge , massachusetts , said that the probability is low that a large lump of toxic fuel will prove hazardous .
he noted that some of the probe 's .
equipment is dense and could