by .
daily mail reporter .
last updated at 12:57 pm on 24th october 2011 .
a last picture : marco simoncelli arrives at sepang for the malaysian moto gp yesterday before his fatal crash with valentino rossi and colin edwards .
italian motorcyclist marco simoncelli died in a horrific crash at yesterday 's motogp race in malaysia , in full view of his devastated family and girlfriend .
the 24-year-old was flung from his bike and skidded across the track , before apparently being hit by competitors colin edwards and valentino rossi .
his mother rossella , father paolo and girlfriend kate watched in horror as simoncelli 's bike was smashed to pieces after his dramatic loss of control in the second lap .
they wept in shock as the unconscious rider was taken to the medical centre at the track in sepang for treatment , but .
his injuries to the chest , head and neck were too serious for him to be saved .
simoncelli 's fellow honda rider dani .
pedrosa , who had .
fallen out with simoncelli earlier in the season , said : ` i 've been .
with his father and all we could do was to hug , nothing else matters .
` everybody in the paddock remains in .
shock .
many times we ourselves forget how dangerous this sport can be .
and when you lose people on the way nothing has any meaning .
it 's clear .
that we all do what we like , what we love , but on days like today .
nothing matters .
' he added : ` in a tragedy like this there is not much to say .
i just .
want to give my condolences to his family and all the people who love .
him .
' the rider 's girlfriend , kate looked ashen-faced and she walked through the deserted motogp garages .
fans were also spotted huddled near the track sobbing over the rider 's death .
he had only moved up to motogp level last year .
the fatal accident comes just a week after british indycar racing driver dan wheldon died after crashing in las vegas .
organisers cancelled the race soon after simoncelli 's accident and said in a bulletin reported on website autosport : ` race cancelled as the medical .
centre