by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
15:30 est , 1 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
17:35 est , 1 december 2012 .
a new report shows that mdma , the pure form of the party drug ecstasy , can help effectively treat post-traumatic .
stress disorder if coupled with psychotherapy .
the study by the multidisciplinary association for psychedelic studies , published recently in the journal of psychopharmacology , showed that 83 per cent of participants receiving mdma-assisted psychotherapy no .
longer qualified for a ptsd diagnosis two months after treatment .
now , the group is now using mdma-assisted psychotherapy on 24 first-responders and military veterans with treatment-resistant ptsd .
scroll down for video .
ecstasy : a new report shows that mdma , the pure form of the party drug ecstasy , can help effectively treat post-traumatic stress disorder if coupled with psychotherapy .
` with .
such encouraging data , including evidence of long-term effectiveness .
after only two or three mdma-assisted psychotherapy sessions , there is .
now no doubt that this research should be expanded to larger clinical .
trials , ' the study 's principal investigator , dr. michael mithoefer , said .
in a statement .
the 24 police officers , firefighters and .
military veterans participating in the newest study will be treated by .
the middle of 2013 , maps spokesman brad burge to the military newspaper stars and stripes .
eleven have .
already received the treatment ; results have been promising so far .
treatment : now , a group is using mdma-assisted psychotherapy on 24 first-responders and military veterans with treatment-resistant ptsd .
since .
the research helped with the progress of some of the most .
treatment-resistant cases of ptsd , researchers believe the treatment .
will be especially helpful for service members , who are typically the .
toughest cases due to their warrior ethos and the stigma associated with .
seeking treatment , burge said .
almost one in seven service members .
returning from iraq and afghanistan suffers from ptsd , according to the .
association 's website .
the u.s. department of veterans affairs spent .
about $ 5.5 billion on ptsd disability payments to some 275,000 veterans .
in 2011 .
the cost and number of veterans suffering from ptsd is expected .
to rise .