by .
phil vinter and anthony bond .
published : .
15:55 est , 13 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
12:55 est , 21 september 2012 .
this is the first picture of the woman accused of trying to kill a newborn baby girl by hurling her down a 50ft rubbish chute .
iraqi born jaymin abdulrahman , 24 , appeared in court today charged with attempted murder .
the six-day-old tot was found by police officers inside a bin at the back of flats in wolverhampton , west midlands , at 6.30 pm on saturday .
the baby plunged 50ft from the fifth floor down a rubbish chute , which led to a refuse collection area where she was found shortly after being reported missing .
investigation : iraqi born jaymin abdulrahman , 24 , left , appeared in court today charged with attempted murder .
she is accused of trying to kill a newborn baby girl who was discovered in green bin , right , at the bottom of a 50ft rubbish chute .
the stricken tot was rushed to birmingham children 's hospital with serious injuries .
yesterday the baby was still fighting for life but was ` not expected to survive ' , a court heard.officers rushed to the flats after a 999 call was made reporting a missing child .
police officers discovered the tot in the green bin at the bottom of the waste chute and arrested iraqi-born abdulrahman on suspicion of attempted murder .
she spoke through an interpreter to confirm her name and address at wolverhampton magistrates court yesterday .
grim : the six-day-old tot was found by cops inside a bin at the back of flats in wolverhampton , west midlands , at 6.30 pm on saturday .
the tower block rubbish chute is indicated by the arrow .
abdulrahman faced a single charge of attempted murder of a .
potential victim aged under one year old .
wearing .
a black headscarf and purple dress , she sobbed throughout the 15-minute .
hearing as details of the charges against her were read out .
the case was committed to appear before wolverhampton crown court on september 20 .
mrs abdulrahman was refused bail and remanded in custody .
as she was led down to the cells a woman in the public gallery clapped her hands and shouted