by .
helen pow .
published : .
10:34 est , 13 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:56 est , 13 may 2013 .
stabbed to death : dennis lane , pictured , was found stabbed to death in his home on friday morning .
a 14-year-old special needs student is accused of coaxing her 19-year-old boyfriend into stabbing to death her father in a bloody attack they plotted for months over facebook and skype .
morgan lane arnold and jason anthony bulmer , of ellicott city , maryland , also allegedly planned to kill dennis lane 's fiance , denise geiger , but did n't get the chance as she called 911 when she heard her partner 's blood-curdling screams .
the teens were arrested on friday morning and have been charged with first and second-degree murder and conspiracy to commit murder .
officers discovered lane , 58 , dead in an upstairs bedroom at around 4:30 a.m. on friday and the two suspects were discovered in a nearby room with bulmer drenched in blood .
according to charging documents , bulmer had been instructed by 14-year-old arnold to stab lane in the throat 10 times with a kitchen carving knife and geiger in the throat 15 times with the same weapon .
when detectives asked why geiger was to be stabbed five times more than lane , bulmer , who is only in the 10th grade , told detectives that arnold said : ' i have my reasons , and i 'll tell you later .
' the pair were then planning to flee to california , police said .
according to police , the teenage couple plotted the murder for months over ` electronic communication .
' scroll down for video .
charged : morgan lane arnold , right , and jason anthony bulmer , left , were arrested on friday morning in the brutal slaying of arnold 's father .
grisly : officers arrived to find lane , 58 , dead in an upstairs bedroom and the two suspects in a nearby room , bulmer , left , drenched in blood .
' i do n't know what i 'll do if you do n't do it tonight , ' arnold told bulmer in one of their last exchanges , according to cbs .
bulmer was instructed to bring his own knife to