he travels the world on official royal duty and sees more in a year than most do in lifetime .
but could it be possible that the prince of wales does not know what a skip is ?
prince charles was visiting the national heritage garden in the ground of raymond blanc 's country house and restaurant yesterday when the subject of skips arose .
scroll down for video .
prince charles , pictured with raymond blanc , was visiting the national heritage garden in the ground of raymond blanc 's country house and restaurant yesterday when the subject of skips arose .
the prince was shown the garden 's compost heap , made out of old pallets , and was ` very interested ' in the design - according to david love cameron , who won a competition to work in the garden for a year .
mr love cameron told the times : ` he loved the fact that we use shipping pallets , and wanted to know where you get them from .
' i said you could probably find some in a skip if you looked hard enough but i 'm not quite sure he knew what a skip was .
' during his visit prince charles admired the way in which the garden 's compost heap was constructed .
he was told the design was made using old shipping pallets - but would he have known what a pallet was ?
when dragons ' den star hilary devey appeared on the graham norton show in 2011 , she was forced to explain to bemused guests including mcfly member dougie poynter what a pallet was .
the businesswoman , 57 , made her fortune from pallet company , pall-ex .
during the visit the prince enthusiastically inspected the vegetables growing in the garden and also revealed his favourite mushroom was the birch boletus .
the national heritage garden at belmond le manoir aux quat ` saisons in great milton , oxfordshire , has almost 140 rare specimens of vegetable including the delicata squash and the carruthers pea .
the site was opened last june to showcase rare varieties of vegetables and educate people about gardening .
it is run in partnership with garden organic , and their heritage seed library , which conserves vegetable varieties that would otherwise have disappeared .
the prince , who has