one by one , they take their turn in front of the camera ; flaunting a red shirt , striking a pose , striving for a smile which smacks of pride .
some are familiar , others are little more than rumours , but each comes with the personal endorsement of brendan rodgers , and their collective cost is stratospheric .
when finally they are gathered together in one place , they will put on those red shirts and call themselves ` liverpool ' .
so let 's hear it for rickie lambert , adam lallana , dejan lovren , lazar markovic , divock origi , emre can , and , if terms can be settled , alberto moreno and javier manquillo .
video scroll down to watch some of liverpool 's biggest summer signings .
summer arrival : rickie lambert left southampton to join his boyhood club liverpool after a brilliant season .
exodus : luke shaw , glenn lovren and adam lallana , pictured , have all left st mary 's in recent months .
now some of those names will be familiar .
you may recall that southampton enjoyed a rather successful season ; so successful , in fact , that rodgers decided to buy them .
he may have missed out on one or two players , but in lambert , lallana and lovren he purchased the heart and soul of a club which was embarrassingly eager to sell hearts , souls and practically anything else which could be converted into cash .
some of the others do not trip off the tongue .
emre can , whose surname is destined to inspire a thousand predictable headlines , is a 20-year-old , bought from bayer leverkusen for # 10 million .
markovic , also 20 , cost # 20m from benfica , and origi came from lille for # 10m .
it would be unfair to suggest that his talents are not widely renowned , but the official liverpool fc website is carrying a feature called ` the divock origi story ' .
it runs for 57 seconds .
potential : divock origi joined the merseyside club after a couple of impressive showings at the world cup .
international : origi , centre , helped belgium advance to the last-16 of the tournament in brazil .
still , rodgers , their manager , believes that can