at least two people were killed and 19 injured today after an overpass built as part of brazil 's world cup improvement works collapsed onto a busy road .
authorities in belo horizonte , south-east brazil , had rushed to get the road system ready for the start of the competition .
according to firefighters , the viaduct over the pedro i avenue - close to the mineirao football stadium - fell on top of a car , two trucks and a bus .
scroll down for video .
an overpass built in a rush to get ready for the world cup in brazil has collapsed on a road .
firefighters , the viaduct over the pedro i avenue - close to the mineirao football stadium - fell on top of a car , two trucks and a bus .
a car was completely flattened by the concrete structure and police fear more bodies could be trapped .
a helicopter inspects the site of collapsed flyover bridge in belo horizonte , brazil .
the driver of the bus has been confirmed as among the dead .
the car was completely flattened by the concrete structure and police fear more bodies could be trapped underneath the collapsed structure .
according to witnesses , workmen were removing the iron structure surrounding the concrete viaduct when the road suddenly collapsed .
estate agent rogerio alves , 37 , who witnessed the accident , said : ` it was a terrifying thing .
i still ca n't believe what i saw .
i was standing nearby talking with my duaghter .
suddenly the viaduct crashed down all in one go , it happened in an instant .
' maria nilza , who was about to drive underneath the viaduct at the moment it fell , told brazil 's g1 website : ` the bus shook like a fabric and fell on a bus and car right in front of me .
' earlier this week the mineirao football stadium played host to the round of 16 football match between brazil and chile .
the next match is the world cup semi-final on tuesday .
police fear more bodies could be trapped underneath the collapsed structure .
according to witnesses , workmen were removing the iron structure surrounding the concrete viaduct when the road suddenly collapsed .
estate agent rogerio alves , 37 , said