by .
sean o'hare .
published : .
10:21 est , 1 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:59 est , 1 february 2013 .
it would take a brave soul to first bring one of these into the office .
the french-designed bubble desk has just taken off in paris and protects the worker under a plexiglas dome , cutting them off from the rest of their colleagues .
it comes as part of a complete office design that includes a giant communal desk , eight ficus panda trees , a cloakroom and a kitchen .
it ensures the worker remains detached from the sneezes and banter of daily office life although quite what it does for one 's popularity remains to be seen .
the bubble desk office designed by christian pottgiesser ensures you no longer have to hear or laugh at your colleagues ' jokes .
bubble desking ensures you do n't catch office germs .
you may need to step outside though if you want to catch the gossip .
the bubble desk idea originated in france by christian pottgiesser and has been taken up by two parisian offices .
the thinking behind the bubble desk is that offers the worker privacy while still being connected to a large , communal desk .
it is a modern take on partitioned office space popular in the 1980s and which offered privacy but no visibility or sense of connection to colleagues .
the trees are designed to compensate for the lack of scenery and are rooted into beds of soil buried out of sight .
so far two french companies , pons and huot have taken on the office design by pottgiesser .
steve bays from century office , an office design and supply company based in essex , said : ' i can see the benefit of the bubble desk in large public areas such as libraries where people want to shut themselves away and read or something , but i 'm not sure it would work in an office .
people like to talk , to consult with each other .
you do n't want to have to go and knock on your colleague 's cocoon to talk with them .
it is a modern take on partitioned .
office space popular in the 1980s and which offered privacy but no .
visibility or