our memories of the past can be distorted by powerful emotions and pain , according to research .
psychologists have found that giving small electric shocks to volunteers was enough to distort their memories of things they had seen in the past .
the findings will increase concerns about the reliability of eyewitness accounts during court cases from people who have suffered traumatic experiences .
the findings might help explain why people 's memories of what they were doing on the days around 9/11 in 2001 are often distorted by the terrorist attacks that on the twin towers in new york -lrb- shown above -rrb- .
brian williams , the former nbc nightly news anchor , also suggested his own memory may have been affected in a similar way while covering the war in iraq in 2003 due to his fear at being in a warzone for the first time .
innocent people can be fooled into believing they have carried out a violent crime that never took place , a study has revealed .
psychologists found that during just three hours of interviews , adults could be convinced they had perpetrated a theft , an assault , or even attacked somebody with a weapon when they were a teenager .
using suggestive memory-retrieval techniques , the researchers were able to trick 70 per cent of the participants into believing they had committed an offence .
after hearing a false account of their teenage crime - peppered with true details of their life at that time - the participants appeared to ` internalise ' the fabricated story .
the effect was so strong that the participants ended up providing detailed descriptions of things that had never actually taken place .
last week he was suspended from his job by nbc for making false statements about being in a helicopter that was shot down during the conflict .
instead he was on an aircraft an hour behind and later spoke to those on board the helicopter that was shot down .
the new research shows that our memories of a seemingly ordinary event can be altered should we experience a powerful emotion like fear in connection with similar events at a later date .
writing in the journal nature , professor elizabeth phelps , a psychologist at new york university who led the work , said : ` humans and other