police say an unemployed couple facing eviction admitted swiping a salvation army donation bucket from a pittsburgh-area convenience store so they could use the cash to buy drugs .
joshua basinger and rachel pecharka were arrested on tuesday in mcdonald , pennsylvania , and charged with theft , receiving stolen property and criminal conspiracy .
police say the 30-year-old basinger and 21-year-old pecharka told officers they emptied the bucket of cash after last friday 's theft and threw it into an aliquippa trash bin .
scroll down for video .
identified : surveillance footage of the alleged theft posted on the police department 's facebook page helped law enforcement to identify suspects joshua basinger -lrb- left -rrb- and rachel pecharka -lrb- right -rrb- .
police posted surveillance photos of the suspects on the department 's facebook page .
they say anonymous tips led them to basinger and pecharka .
` they have been at the store in the past , ' said mcdonald police officer michael dhanse to cbs .
` they stated the money in the canister was there and they went to obtain that .
they parked around the corner to hide their vehicle , so if someone saw them , they could n't stop them .
' residents were able to identify the alleged perpetrators from photographs .
in the system : residents were able to identify the alleged perpetrators from photographs and police realized they had the suspects in their database .
frequent visitors : joshua basinger and rachel pecharka had been to this convenience store before and they told police they planned to take the salvation army bucket so they could pay for heroin .
` we actually received a couple of names from the public , stating the name of the couple involved , ' said dhanse .
` so we looked and found that we had them in our data base and we were able to identify them and locate their residence .
' police say that the suspects threw the kettle in a dumpster and that they felt sorry for their actions .
they explained to police that they were drug addicts .
` they did feel bad about doing this , ' dhanse said .
` they had been addicts of heroin lately , so they did this to get money for their fix .
they state they thought about this