the biblical-style ramblings of accused killer charles severance , 54 , were revealed during his court appearance on thursday -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
an accused serial killer 's rambling manifesto revealed details of his chilling plan to ` knock .
talk .
enter .
kill .
exit .
murder ' , a prosecutor has said .
charles severance , 54 , who has been charged with the murders of nancy dunning , ron kirby and ruthanne lodato , in alexandria , virginia , was in court for a hearing on thursday .
all three victims were gunned down at their homes in daylight attacks : dunning in 2003 , kirby in 2013 and lodato last year .
at court on thursday , prosecutor bryan porter argued severance , who was once a fringe candidate for political office , should face just one trial as his writings linked the three murders , the washington post reported .
severance 's writing appeared to echo a biblical passage and also included the words : ` the last scream of a victim echoes to eternity ... murder on my mind , and my mind on murder .
' the prosecution alleged that severance 's plan to kill was outlined in a bizarre piece called ` parable of the knocker ' , based on a bible passage called parable of the midnight knocker .
judge jane marum roush also decided at the hearing that severance 's trial should be moved from alexandria to fairfax county because the possibility of an impartial jury seemed unlikely after the hysteria which surrounded the murders .
severance was arrested in march 2014 over the murders after he sought asylum at the russian embassy in d.c. .
he was reportedly ` sent away ' from the embassy and told he was an ` unwanted guest ' .
accused serial killer charles severance , 54 , had several outbursts at his court hearing on thursday in alexandria , virginia and was reprimanded by the judge .
alleged serial killer charles severance was escorted out following a hearing in his case at the alexandria circuit court on thursday .
his trial will be moved to fairfax county , a judge ruled , over fears for an impartial jury due to the hysteria surrounding the murders .
the murders caused panic among the residents of the wealthy washington d.c. suburb of alexandria after