by .
luke garratt .
published : .
12:27 est , 23 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
14:42 est , 23 january 2014 .
experts have become the first people to board the costa concordia cruise liner since it sank off the coast of isola del giglio , italy , in an attempt to investigate whether there are more facts about the ship 's sinking left to be discovered .
the team of investigators is to do a full sweep of the ship in order to see if there is any information about its sinking that is n't contained in the prosecutor 's case against its captain .
any information found could potentially add to the defence of captain francesco shettino , who has been under intense scrutiny since the ship sank on january 13 , 2012 , killing 32 people .
the stricken costa concordia cruise ship remains in the water in isola del giglio , italy , over two years after it was shipwrecked on the coast .
the investigators climb from boat to boat .
precautions have to be made to ensure the safety of the investigators as they travel through the wreckage .
a great deal of the ship is rusting away , as it has been sitting off of the coast for over two years .
a large part of the ship was under the ocean for a long period of time , as shown by the damage to its balconies .
one of the key areas of interest is the ship 's backup generator , which failed when the ship first wrecked .
experts , judges and lawyers walk along one of the decks of the ill-fated costa concordia as they embark on the inspection mission .
flood lights illuminate the decks of the costa concordia as preparations are made for the group of technical experts and judges to make the inspection .
today the team examined the the bridge and lifts in the ship , investigating whether there were any factors present at the time of the shipwreck , beyond human error , that could have contributed to it sinking .
next month the experts are planning to examine the cruise liner 's emergency generator .
a judge granted the request for the onboard evaluation to collect evidence sought by schettino 's defence , as well as evidence required by