by .
ruth styles .
published : .
09:14 est , 30 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
01:49 est , 2 september 2013 .
resplendent in a sparkling black and silver mini-dress , a chunky cable knit jumper and a pretty chinoiserie skirt , victoria 's secret star barbara palvin shows she 's more than just an underwear model in pictures from river island 's gritty new campaign .
shot by leading photographer angelo pennetta , the nightime images show a glamorous palvin eating dim sum and stalking the streets of london 's chinatown .
palvin , 19 , who is pictured wearing the high street brand 's autumn/winter 2013 collection , shot to fame when she made her debut for victoria 's secret during last november 's typically glamorous show .
scroll down for video .
glamorous : 19-year-old victoria 's secret angel barbara palvin stars in river island 's new campaign .
anyone for dim sum ?
the campaign was shot by angelo pennetta in london 's chinatown .
afterwards , she hit the headlines when she was rumoured to have become intimate with singer justin bieber , who performed at the show , although she later spoke out to deny the reports .
the new river island collection , which will be available online from september , focuses on glamorous high shine metallics and monochrome , and was styled for the shoot by fashion favourite beth fenton .
the campaign comes hot on the heels of the brand 's latest rhianna for river island collection , which was also unveiled this month .
and it seems that the second collection from the barbadian singer has already scored one celebrity fan , after cara delevingne posted photos of her wearing rhianna for river island on twitter .
the 21-year-old model showed support for the ` amazing ' clothes from the right now hitmaker 's new range by posting a picture herself in a red quilted bomber jacket and black beanie hat from the 80-piece collection .
angel : palvin was linked to singer justin bieber after his appearance at last year 's victoria 's secret show .
sparkle : the new collection is heavy on catwalk inspired metallic , sequins and monochrome .
support : model cara tweeted this photo of herself wearing her friend rihanna 's river island collection .
accompanying the photo of