detectives investigating the acid attack on victoria 's secret shop assistant naomi oni have arrested two of her friends , it emerged today .
it came after the probe had started to focus on whether miss oni lied about the incident -- triggering angry denials from the 21-year-old .
but yesterday police said they had arrested a separate 21-year-old woman and a 28-year-old man who are known to the victim .
miss oni was targeted by a woman wearing an islamic veil as she returned home from her job at the lingerie store .
scroll down for video .
` somehow i knew it was acid ' : naomi oni describes the horrific attack that left her with chemical burns .
emotional : naomi oni , 20 , pictured with this morning host phillip schofield earlier this month .
a man and a woman have been arrested on suspicion of gbh .
shocking : naomi oni was returning from a shift at victoria 's secret in stratford , when the attack happened .
she spent almost a month in a specialist burns unit while doctors fought to save her sight and carried out skin grafts to repair the scarring to her face inflicted in the early hours of december 30 last year .
the acid had burned her face , arm , hand and leg and left her temporarily blinded .
reports over the weekend suggested detectives investigating the crime believed miss oni may have been somehow responsible for her own injuries .
police also seized her laptop and claims emerged that she had looked at websites detailing acid attacks before the incident .
sheila maclean , who is a friend of miss oni , said her family was considering making an official complaint to police .
miss oni said : ` i 've only just come out of hospital after having surgery to my eye .
to see this story saying that i 'd done it made me so angry and really hurts .
` there 's no way i would have done this to myself .
i want the person who did this to be caught .
' yesterday a scotland yard spokesman stressed miss oni had not been arrested .
he added : .
` on friday , 22 february , a 21-year-old woman was arrested on suspicion of being involved in causing grievous bodily harm .