to onlookers , monsignor kevin wallin 's fall from grace at his connecticut parish was like something out of ` breaking bad , ' the television series about a high school chemistry teacher who becomes a methamphetamine lord .
the suspended roman catholic priest was arrested on federal drug charges this month for allegedly having methamphetamine mailed to him from co-conspirators in california and making more than $ 300,000 in drugs sales out of his apartment in waterbury in the second half of last year .
along the way , authorities said , he bought a small adult video and sex toy shop in the nearby town of north haven named ` land of oz & dorothy 's place , ' apparently to launder all the money he was making .
concerns : former colleagues of monsignor kevin wallin have said he was struggling with his faith before his fall from grace .
breaking bad : since the arrest , wallin , left , has been compared to walter white from the show breaking bad .
he has pleaded not guilty , and jury selection in his trial is scheduled to begin march 21 .
on social media sites , people could n't help but compare wallin with walter white , the main character on ` breaking bad ' who was making so much cash that he and his wife bought a car wash to launder their profits .
he has also been dubbed in some media as ` monsignor meth .
' wallin , 61 , was the pastor of st. augustine parish in bridgeport for nine years until he resigned in june 2011 , citing health and personal problems .
he previously served six years as pastor of st. peter 's church in danbury until 2002 .
he was granted a sabbatical in july 2011 .
the diocese of bridgeport suspended him from public ministry last may .
diocesan officials become concerned about wallin in the spring of 2011 after complaints about his appearance and erratic behavior , diocese spokesman brian wallace told the connecticut post .
some reports of his behavior were startling .
` we became aware that he was acting .
out sexually - with men - in the church rectory , ' wallace told the .
newspaper , adding that church officials deemed the sexual behavior .
unbecoming of a priest and asked wallin