by .
joe bernstein .
the good people of yorkshire were n't exactly shy about their contribution to the last olympics where they won as many gold medals as australia .
so while the rest of the country reflects on england 's world cup shambles , those in the white rose county can claim bragging rights if argentina go all the way under a manager who was made in sheffield and leeds .
alex sabella , the man in charge of lionel messi and co in brazil , spent three-and-a-half formative years in yorkshire between 1978 and the end of 1981 ; two seasons at bramall lane with sheffield united and 12 months at elland road .
made in yorkshire ?
argentina boss alejandro sabella had spells in england as a player .
although he did n't have the same meteoric impact as tottenham 's two argentinians , ossie ardiles and ricky villa , sabella 's team-mates and managers from that era believe his years in england helped him develop the managerial skills now being seen in the world cup .
professional , popular and strong-willed , sabella also had a twinkle in his eye .
his sheffield united team-mate simon stainrod recalls with a smile : ` he would stitch me up like a kipper so i 'd be blamed for little tricks he 'd played .
' sabella also received advice passed down from don revie , one of english football 's great managers , via his leeds manager allan clarke .
welcome addition : sabella moved to england after joining sheffield united in 1978 for two seasons .
` the gaffer -lrb- revie -rrb- always used to say if a player 's wife was happy , the player would be happy and he 'd be at his best , ' said clarke .
` it 's something i told alex and he is n't daft , he will know the key to argentina is keeping messi and the others happy .
then the talent can take over .
' and messi has sparkled so far at this world cup , with argentina playing belgium on saturday for a place in the semi-finals .
sabella was 23 when he moved from argentina to sheffield .
the myth is that sheffield united manager harry haslam refused to pay # 500,000 for diego maradona on a scouting trip to south