by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
11:06 est , 10 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
12:30 est , 10 february 2014 .
european countries threatened today to review their relations with switzerland after voters there backed a proposal to limit immigration from the eu , putting the alpine nation on a collision course with france and germany .
french foreign minister laurent fabius described the vote , initiated by the right-wing swiss people 's party -lrb- svp -rrb- and opposed by the government in berne , as a ` worrying ' move that showed switzerland was withdrawing into itself .
` we 're going to review our relations with switzerland , ' fabius told rtl radio .
european partners have threatened to review their ties with switzerland after voters in the alpine nation narrowly backed a proposal to curtail immigration .
french foreign minister laurent fabius described the vote , initiated by the right-wing swiss people 's party -lrb- svp -rrb- , as ` worrying ' chancellor angela merkel 's spokesman said that while berlin respected the result , it would create ` considerable problems ' for switzerland 's relationship with the eu .
the european commission said it went against the principle of free movement between the alpine nation and the eu that has existed for over a decade .
` the eu will examine the implications of this initiative on eu-swiss relations as a whole , ' the commission said .
switzerland is not a member of the 28-nation eu , but a pact with brussels has ensured the free movement of citizens to and from the bloc since 2002 .
the vote to reintroduce immigration quotas , backed by a razor-thin margin of 19,526 voters on sunday , threatens that pact , and with it a key pillar of the swiss economy , which relies on the eu for nearly one-fifth of its workforce .
switzerland is home to food and beverage giant nestle , drugmakers novartis and roche , as well as a host of major commodities dealers such as glencore xtrata and louis dreyfus commodities .
` what 's the point of investing in switzerland , when in the end it 's not certain whether you can get qualified staff to carry out your plans , ' valentin vogt , president of the swiss employers association , told the