by .
dan bloom for mailonline .
a police community support officer who was accused of spanking a male colleague 's backside while he moved a filing cabinet has been cleared of sexual assault .
a trial heard josephine browne , 50 , had developed an ` unhealthy interest ' with the fellow officer at a london police station , spying on him in a locker room and flashing her bra at him .
but today the jury at southwark crown court took less than an hour to clear browne of sexual assault .
cleared : pcso josephine browne , 50 , has been cleared of sexual assault after a colleague accused her of spanking his backside six times .
tonight jurors were still undecided on a lesser charge of common assault .
they were still considering a lesser charge of common assault , on which she could still be found guilty tomorrow if the jury decide she struck the young man on the backside without sexual intent .
during her two-day trial , it was also claimed browne offered to massage the pcso and behaved provocatively towards him in a lift during months of .
harassment .
her accuser compared the alleged .
peeping incident as ` like something out of alfred hitchcock 's psycho .
movie ' and said he felt more comfortable dealing with criminals .
he said the spanking incident , alleged .
to have occurred while he carried a filing cabinet through the .
building with a colleague , was ` the final straw ' after months of .
harassment .
defendant : browne was accused of flashing her bra at an officer and ` seductively ' leaned towards him .
he was supported by a third pcso who said she had witnessed the alleged slapping last year .
prosecutor leo seelig , said previously : ` all .
this attention was completely unwanted by him .
as it happens , he is gay .
and it was upsetting and intimidating for him ... everyone , their .
colleagues , knew about it .
that attention upset and intimidated him ' .
but browne , of regents park , north london , denied the allegations , insisting the incidents in question did not happen .
the former professional gardener denied having any sexual interest in her accuser , telling the court when she took the