meeting santa claus is supposed to inspire a joyous time for festivities and present swapping with the family .
but judging by the looks on these children 's faces they 're more likely to have a nightmare before christmas .
he 's known as the kindly old man who always puts a smile on kids ' faces whether they see him in the chimney , tucking into milk and biscuits , leaving presents under the tree or , as is more likely , down at the shopping mall .
but when the parents of these children took their little ones to meet father christmas they had the fright of their lives sitting on the knee of ghoulish , gloved and sinister-looking santas .
judging by the looks on these children 's faces they 're more likely to have a nightmare before christmas .
a surge of photographs showing frightening father christmases throughout the years have emerged on social media .
the hilarious pictures have been posted online as parents around the country look for a santa to take their children to in the run up to christmas , showing how a wholesome , loveable character can easily look scary and disturb little children .
many of the wailing youngsters were probably wishing father christmas really did n't exist , as the one they 're sitting with looks better placed in a horror film than meeting and greeting kids at a shopping centre .
some are wearing strange masks while others have wild hair and beards which make them look like they have been pulled through a hedge backwards .
the images show how a wholesome , loveable character can easily look scary and disturb little children .
the stare or grimace on the faces of some of the st. nicks are enough to send a shiver down the bravest of spines .
many of the children sitting on their knees look worried , with some even bursting into tears and screaming for their parents .
some of the photographs go as fat back as the early 1900s , proving that santa has always been a tricky one to pull off .
they might make you think twice about taking your little ones down to the local grotto !
ever had a scary santa moment ?
send us your name , location and picture to femail@mailonline.co.uk .
one too many ?