ex pop star : rev richard coles -lrb- pictured -rrb- rose to fame as half of the band the communards .
when a high-profile vicar yesterday attacked the tory plans to sell housing association homes as a ` right to steal ' , it might have sounded like a stern ticking off from the pulpit .
but this was the rev richard coles -- who sits on the board of wellingborough homes , a housing association in northamptonshire -- and he is no ordinary churchman .
known to many for presenting radio 4 's gentle human interest show saturday live , he is the supposed inspiration for the hero of the bbc church sitcom rev. and while he might now feel free to attack others for seeking the right to buy their own home , he not so long ago felt he had the right to do whatever he chose himself , regardless of the law or anyone else 's feelings .
for coles raised eyebrows by last year publishing a frank memoir which detailed not only his rise to fame as half of the famously gay 1980s pop band the communards , alongside singer jimmy somerville , but also his enthusiasm for ` dogging ' -- having sex with strangers in the open air -- and for taking drugs including cocaine , ecstasy and amphetamines .
he also confessed that he falsely told his friends that he was hiv positive , to generate attention and sympathy , and kept up the unpleasant pretence for five years .
coles , 52 , is now a regular on tv and radio , but on sundays he performs at his 14th century parish church , st mary the virgin , in finedon , northamptonshire .
he lives nearby in a ` rather lovely ' grace and favour vicarage provided by the church of england .
last october he warned his parishioners to ` brace themselves ' for the publication of his biography fathomless riches , and said shortly after : ` i had n't realised quite how eventful my life had been until i sat down to write about it .
the truth is , country parsons often have a more vivid past than you might think .
' born in northamptonshire to shoemaker parents , coles was sent to public school and it was while he was a chorister there that