by .
martin robinson .
published : .
06:19 est , 28 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
09:26 est , 28 september 2012 .
whoops : boris said that the pm got his letterman question wrong to look less clever before making a glaring error himself .
boris johnson today accused david cameron of pretending not to know what magna carta meant before embarrassingly getting an easy question wrong himself .
the london mayor said the prime minister was trying to hide how clever he was just before he failed to name who scored a hat-trick for england in the 1966 world cup final .
mr johnson should have answered geoff hurst , but was miles off when he said it was centre back and captain bobby moore .
tellingly his claim the tory leader feigned ignorance exposes the growing rift between the prime minister and the outspoken london mayor , seen as his main rival to lead the conservatives .
mr cameron was widely mocked for his appearance on american television 's the late show with david letterman earlier this week after the us host quizzed him on british history .
the grilling included being asked what magna carta meant and who composed rule britannia .
the prime minister fluffed both questions , but his fellow old etonian and oxford university contemporary mr johnson today claimed mr cameron really knew magna carta meant great charter and faked the apparent knowledge gap to appear more down-to-earth .
classics scholar mr johnson said : ' i think he was only pretending .
i think he knew full well what magna carta means .
` it was a brilliant move in order to show his demotic credentials and that he did n't have latin bursting out of every orifice .
' terrible mistake : boris plumped for captain bobby moore , centre , rather than the man to his right , hat trick hero geoff hurst .
was it over ?
geoff hurst -lrb- out of picture -rrb- famously scored three in the world cup final on july 30 , 1966 at wembley - including this one where the ball hit the bar and bounced down .
quizzed on more modern british history during an appearance on lbc 97.3 radio , mr johnson failed to correctly identify geoff hurst as the scorer of a hat-trick in the 1966 world