by .
jill reilly .
published : .
01:24 est , 26 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:06 est , 26 april 2013 .
it looked like spring had finally arrived this week or even that summer had come early .
but just 24 hours after the warmest day of the year so far , britain has woken up to drizzle and some parts will see temperatures drop by 10 degrees .
today the mercury will struggle to rise about 13c and plans to have a barbecue weekend will be scuppered by the cold front coming in resulting in a damp and chilly forecast for the next few days .
yesterday temperatures topped 22.5 c and .
britain was hotter than north africa , as temperatures reached just 20c .
in the city of tunis , tunisia .
training exercise : lifeboat crews take advantage of stormy seas in blackpool to test their new # 210,000 boat .
dangerous conditions : blackpool beach is closed to the public today due to an extreme high tide and giant waves caused by windy weather .
no access : the public have been barred from visiting the beach due to dangerous sea conditions .
stormy seas : the beach famous for its attractions including the blackpool tower and illuminations is closed .
optical illusion : light reflects off plastic covering rows of forage maize in farmer joe foot 's dorset fields making them look like rice paddy fields .
poor yield : the 33-year-old had a bad harvest last year because of the bad weather and has covered his crops to protect them this year .
lifesaver : mr foot said the plastic was essential to ensure he grows enough food to feed his herd of 750 dairy cows this winter .
but the hot , sunny weather gave way .
to with heavy rain across the south east last night , spelling a wet .
commute to work this morning .
according to charlie powell , of the met .
office today ` will be showery , with temperatures around 10c lower than they have been in the south east in recent days .
` there will be some sun but temperatures will be around 12c or 13c which is more average for this .
he said temperatures on tonight and on tomorrow night could dip down to single