by .
daily mail reporter .
a pennsylvania woman is outraged after being ordered by a judge to stop breastfeeding her 10-month-old daughter as part of the terms of a custody dispute .
jessica moser , from northampton county , said she was told by a family court judge two weeks ago to nursing her daughter jasmine so the little girl can spend two days a week with her father .
moser said she ca n't pump enough milk for two days and that jasmine will not take a bottle .
` i 'm feeling frustrated ... hurt , ' she told wfmz-tv .
` i 'm trying to keep myself from crying , it 's very emotional .
` if i do not comply i will have my child taken away .
' scroll down for video .
this must stop : new mum jessica moser has been told by a judge to switch her daughter jasmine to formula from breastfeeding so that she can spend each weekend with her father .
the case has sparked quite a debate .
` i 'm emotional and hurt ' : pennsylvania mom jessica moser fights back tears as she explains how her custody battle may force her to stop breastfeeding .
moser has had primary custody of jasmine since she was born last december .
however now the father has pressed for more time with his daughter .
moser said she is not trying to keep jasmine from her father - she just wants to continue breastfeeding .
the world health organization recommends that all babies be exclusively breastfed for the first six months , then start eating solid foods , while continuing to nurse for at least two years .
however moser said the judge told her to switch to formula .
` he did say something along the lines like , '' well she should be on formula '' , or '' why isnâ $ ™ t she on formula ?
'' , '' she should be able to have formula at ten months '' , ' she said .
the world health organization recommends mothers breastfeed their children for the first two years , if possible .
however the mom maintains that being able to choose when to stop breastfeed is her right and hers alone .
` i 'm very passionate about having the right to breastfeed