it is an incredibly rare phenomenon - and the shot of a lifetime .
a researcher at the atacama large millimeter/submillimeter array telescope control center in the atacama desert captured this amazing image of a rainbow high over the chilean desert .
the operations support facility -lrb- osf -rrb- lies some 2900 metres above sea level close to san pedro de atacama .
armin silber , a researcher at the atacama large millimeter/submillimeter array telescope control center in the atacama desert captured this amazing image of a rainbow high over the chilean desert .
high on the chajnantor plateau in the chilean andes , the european southern observatory -lrb- eso -rrb- , together with its international partners , is operating the atacama large millimeter/submillimeter array -lrb- alma -rrb- -- a state-of-the-art telescope to study light from some of the coldest objects in the universe .
this light has wavelengths of around a millimetre , between infrared light and radio waves , and is therefore known as millimetre and submillimetre radiation .
alma comprises 66 high-precision antennas , spread over distances of up to 16 kilometres .
this global collaboration is the largest ground-based astronomical project in existence .
the rainbow was captured by european space observatory employee armin silber .
this rare rainbow appears over the atacama large millimeter/submillimeter array -lrb- alma -rrb- operations support facility -lrb- osf -rrb- , which lies some 2900 metres above sea level close to san pedro de atacama .
the osf is n't just a location for operating the giant alma observatory ; it is also where new technologies are assembled , integrated , and verified before they are transported to their final destination on chajnantor .
the technology has to be assembled and tested at the osf because the air is much denser there than on the plateau , and workers can complete their tasks without the adverse health risks associated with working at high altitude .
the telescope itself is high on the chajnantor plateau in the chilean andes and is a state-of-the-art telescope to study light from some of the coldest objects in the universe .
this light has wavelengths of around a millimetre , between infrared light and radio waves , and is therefore known as millimetre and submillimetre radiation .
alma comprises 66 high-precision antennas , spread over distances of up to 16 kilometres .
this global collaboration is