by .
sara smyth .
the house of lords voted last night on an extension of the human rights act , which could cover middle-class elderly people .
elderly people paying for their own care could be protected under the same human rights laws as those who receive state care , after a landmark vote in the house of lords last night .
under the current system , people whose care is funded by the state may sue care homes on human rights grounds if they are treated badly .
last night 's ` unprecedented ' decision to support an extension of the human rights act could cover middle-class elderly people who live in private care homes or pay to be looked after .
the lords voted by 247 to 218 to support a move that would ensure even people who paid for their own care would be covered by the act .
the amendment to the care bill was backed by a majority of 29 despite health minister earl howe arguing it was ` neither necessary or appropriate ' .
he said the human rights act dealt with public functions -- the ` interface between the individual and the state ' .
and he said if the amendment was agreed ` it would represent an unprecedented change to the scope of the human rights act ' .
` for the first time , it would capture purely private arrangements such as a privately arranged social care contract between a private care home and a private individual -- an arrangement in which there is no state involvement at all , ' he said .
independent crossbencher lord low of dalston , who proposed the report stage amendment , said that following a 2007 court case -- yl against birmingham city council -- there had been uncertainty over whether care home services provided by the private sector under contract with a local authority were covered by the act .
the lords voted 247 to 218 to support a move that would ensure even people who paid for their own care would be covered by the act .
he said his amendment would settle the matter and ` include those who are eligible for care but who , due to means testing , have to arrange and/or pay for the own care -- so called self-funders ' currently not covered under human