by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
11:20 est , 10 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
04:38 est , 11 january 2014 .
criminals might have to think again about attempting a getaway after police revealed their newest and fastest police car - a 207mph mclaren worth # 240,000 .
the specially adapted two-seater supercar - which can hit 60mph in three seconds - will be unveiled at a car show in birmingham this weekend .
although it is not practical as an everyday patrol vehicle , officers from the central motorway group in the midlands hope it will help to break down barriers between police and motorists .
watch out criminals : britain 's fastest police vehicle , a 200mph plus mclaren super car , is being unveiled at the birmingham motor show this weekend .
speedy pc : angus nairn - star of ` motorway cops ' - says the vehicle will teach people about the danger of excess speed .
pc angus nairn - currently starring in the ` motorway cops ' real-life tv shows - said : ` everyone who see the mclaren wants to come and talk about it - it is an excellent way to get people to have a conversation with the police - and not end up with a fixed penalty ticket .
production : 2011 .
engine : mclaren m838t twin-turbo 3.8 l v8 - 616 horsepower .
transmission : 7-speed dual-clutch .
top speed : 207mph .
structure : carbon fibre composite chassis .
max torque : 443 lb per ft of torque .
price : # 240,000 .
` the car breaks the ice and gives us the opportunity to get across the safety message - especially about the dangers of excess speed .
` the mclaren is a very powerful car with a top speed of more than 200 miles an hour but it would n't be very practical as an every day police vehicle - there 's not a great deal of luggage space and it has gull-wing doors that opens outwards and upwards so you have to leave plenty of space when you park .
' the police-liveried car will be at the autosports show at the nec in birmingham this weekend before it goes back in the showroom .
the car was supplied by local mclaren dealers and sales director