by .
rob preece .
published : .
12:43 est , 21 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
16:50 est , 21 june 2012 .
victory : air steward frank duckworth has won his disability discrimination case against british airways .
a british airways steward , who was banned from flying after he fell ill after eating an in-flight mushroom risotto , has won more than # 8,500 in a legal battle with the airline .
frank duckworth , 51 , spent several days in hospital after he became unwell only hours after landing in the us on a flight from heathrow .
the incident in october 2010 began a chain of events which saw mr duckworth fear for his future at the company as he was restricted to duties on the ground .
an employment tribunal today ruled that the flight attendant had been a victim of disability discrimination and awarded him compensation .
mr duckworth already suffered from diabetes and coeliac disease - a disorder triggered by a reaction to gluten - when he boarded the routine flight from london to las vegas on october 4 , 2010 .
but he claimed a mushroom risotto which he ate while looking after passengers aggravated his conditions and made him severely ill .
he said the risotto was the only meal option offered to him on the long-haul flight .
mr duckworth was admitted to hospital suffering from sickness and diahorrea and remained there for several days before being cleared to return home .
when he got back to britain , a doctor appointed by ba decided he was unfit to fly .
he managed to overturn the ruling in july last year , but even then found his move to short-haul flights was hit by delays .
tribunal judge andrew matthews concluded today that ba staff had blocked mr duckworth 's move to return to the air .
in a written judgment , the judge said staff had not acted quickly enough to get mr duckworth onto short haul flights .
he said ba had told mr duckworth there were no jobs when in fact ` hundreds ' of staff had moved across from the company 's long-haul worldwide division to short-haul duties .
dispute : frank duckworth , 51 , was banned from flying by british airways after he became ill following a trans-atlantic flight .