by .
lucy osborne .
published : .
22:38 est , 14 august 2012 .
| .
updated : .
22:43 est , 14 august 2012 .
coalition plans to impose a minimum price for alcohol could backfire as retailers will be encouraged to sell more cheap drinks , the office of fair trading has claimed .
the consumer protection watchdog has warned that if plans to impose a minimum 40p price per unit of alcohol are passed , it could have ` unintended consequences ' .
it is concerned because extra money from the price increases would go back to retailers rather than being collected as a tax .
will it backfire ?
the office of fair trading is concerned that any price increases from a cheap booze ban would go back to retailers rather than being collected as a tax .
this could create an incentive for stores to promote alcohol brands that cost them less to buy wholesale , giving them higher margins and generating easy profits .
in written evidence to mps , the watchdog said : ` the oft is concerned that the unintended consequence of this increase in profit may be to give retailers an incentive to sell more , rather than less , low-cost alcohol .
` retailers would gain additional profit for every unit of low-cost alcohol that they sold .
` at worst , such an incentive could dull the effectiveness of the minimum price in reducing alcohol sales .
' drink responsibly : the government announced proposals to ban cheap alcohol in march after david cameron became concerned about the violence caused by binge drinking .
the oft is also worried that the government 's interference in prices could undermine the free market .
it found similar price controls in france and ireland meant households had a higher cost of living .
the government announced proposals to ban cheap alcohol in march after david cameron became concerned about the violence caused by binge drinking .
the coalition is following the lead of scotland , which decided to impose a minimum price last year .
the scottish administration is already facing a legal challenge from the scotch whisky association .