by .
steph cockroft .
doctor nazim mahmood , 34 , fell to his death from a penthouse in west hampstead , london .
a harley street doctor plunged naked to his death from his # 700,000 penthouse flat .
nazim mahmood , 34 , was seen standing alone on his glass-enclosed balcony before falling in front of shocked passers-by in west hampstead , london , on wednesday .
a passing doctor attempted to resuscitate the man but he was pronounced dead at the scene .
after the fall , dr mahmood was left covered in just a blanket - in front of the mansion block and a busy barclays bank - for more than three hours .
police , who said the death was not being treated as suspicious , said there were no police tents available to ` shield the body ' and apologised for any distressed caused .
dr mahmood , a gp , ran face clinic london , a chain of medical clinics providing wrinkle treatments such as botox and chemical peels .
he is understood to have moved into the property in west hampstead three months ago with his partner matthew ogston .
dr mahmood was due to unveil another new clinic just yards from his home next week , as business apparently thrived .
he already had two other clinics in soho and harley street .
he recently announced on the company 's website : ` we are proud to announce that face clinic london are now offering a third location in west hampstead , north west london .
` from tuesday 6th august dr nazim mahmood will be running a clinic from 2pm to 8pm .
we will be offering botox wrinkle treatments , dermal fillers and excessive sweating treatments at this location .
' witnesses described how the naked man had been on the balcony - which is enclosed by a five foot high glass barrier - for only a few moments before he fell .
emergency services rushed to the scene but were unable to revive the victim .
after the incident , residents were furious that the man was left on the pavement for so long , covered by just a thin red blanket .
mothers were apparently forced to shield their children as they walked past the scene .
the body was finally removed by police later in the