by .
dan bloom .
published : .
03:17 est , 10 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:04 est , 10 december 2013 .
the government will today confirm long-awaited compensation for villages blighted by fracking as it paves the way for millions of acres to be explored , it has been reported .
ministers are firmly behind shale gas drilling , with energy minister michael fallon attacking ` myths ' about its safety and the chancellor , george osborne , halving the tax on firms ' profits .
today they will confirm a promise that villagers will get # 100,000 and one per cent of revenue from every fracking well , the daily telegraph reported .
controversial : the government is pressing ahead with plans to explore shale gas drilling known as ` fracking ' , despite 1,000 activists descending on a test site earlier this year in balcombe , east sussex -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
the process involves pumping water , chemicals and sand into shale rock at high pressure until it cracks .
the move is an apparent attempt to boost public support for fracking just days before firms are given a new wave of provisional licences to drill .
ministers are preparing to identify huge areas that should be explored , the telegraph added .
fracking , or hydraulic fracturing , involves pumping water , chemicals and sand into shale rock at high pressure to blast it open and release gas which is trapped inside .
campaigners warn it is catastrophic for the environment , including causing earth tremors and contaminating the water supply .
one site in lancashire was suspended briefly last year after the test drilling caused small earthquakes .
anger : police remove a protester from the fracking test site in balcombe , west sussex , earlier this year .
but the government supports exploring .
the divisive technique , saying it will boost the country 's energy .
supplies at a time of uncertainty .
a statement in august said ` government policy seeks to increase security of supply ' , adding there was a ` continuing role for gas in the energy mix and support for shale gas exploration ' .
tax cuts : george osborne promised new incentives for fracking firms in his autumn statement .
the process is only at a test phase in britain ,