with her mother by her side and nanny maria teresa turrion borrallo already in charge of the nursery , the duchess of cambridge wo n't be short of help when the new baby arrives .
but carole middleton and ms borrallo are n't the only ones on standby as the birth of the spare to prince george 's heir approaches .
waiting in the wings is kate 's fiercely loyal inner circle , a mix of school friends , society types and family members such as younger sister pippa .
so who 's who ?
femail reveals who will be helping the duchess as she gets to grips with life as a mother of two .
pippa middleton .
more than just sisters , the duchess of cambridge and her younger sibling are also best friends who spend as much time together as possible .
31-year-old pippa recently returned to london after spending several days with boyfriend nico jackson in geneva and will be close at hand when the baby arrives .
close : the duchess of cambridge is extremely close to her 31-year-old sister pippa middleton .
her role will echo the one she has played with prince george , who was described as being ` amazing ' by his besotted aunt in an interview last july .
speaking to the today show last july , pippa said : ` he 's amazing , a very dear boy .
he has brought a lot of pleasure and fun for all of us , the whole family .
' despite her busy schedule , author and athlete , miss middleton is a regular visitor to kensington palace and anmer hall and was part of the party that holidayed with william , kate and george in mustique in january .
friends : pippa , pictured laughing at wimbledon with her sister , could be godmother to kate 's second child .
quality time : pippa , seen ahead of kate 's 2011 wedding , says she still spends a lot of time with her sister .
added pippa : ` we spend a lot of time together .
we still do a lot together as a family .
and i think that 's really the heart for all of us is having a really close family that we can sort of be normal with each other , treat each other normally