with a sprawling californian mansion , a vogue cover and a personal worth of over # 40m , kim kardashian has n't done too badly for a reality television star .
but now the buxom blonde - formerly brunette - has garnered such status that kardashian lookalikes are cashing in on their likeness of her - to the tune of thousands .
jo'anne patton , 32 , has had so much success as a kim kardashian lookalike in leeds that she estimates earning up to # 36,000 over the course of the year for just six appearances per month .
scroll down for video .
jo'anne patton , 32 , right , works as a kim kardashian lookalike - and she 's seriously cashing in on her likeness to the reality tv star , left .
the lookalike , who currently works as a pa , said : ` for some events , for example a teenager having a sweet sixteen or another birthday party , then people pay well into the hundreds for a kim kardashian appearance because she is their idol .
` she 's very popular in that age group because she 's such a good role model ' , miss patton added .
` at the moment i have a full time job and do the kim kardashian stuff as a side hobby , but now because there 's the appetite out there for her , it 's something i 'd really like to do full time and create a business out of it .
' jo'anne has had so much success as a kim kardashian lookalike in leeds that she estimates earning up to # 36,000 over the course of the year .
the lookalike , who currently works as a pa , only has to put in around six appearances a month .
while she only works as kim 's doppleganger part-time , because there 's the appetite out there for her , she says it 's something she 'd really like to do full time and create a business out of it .
kim kardashian is a 34-year-old american socialite and tv personality who shot to fame after she starred with her family in the reality show keeping up with the kardashians -- commissioned shortly after a sex tape of her was leaked in 2007 .
kardashian is a somewhat controversial celebrity ,