for traffic policeman tony lepore , going on the beat is more than just a job ... he takes the term quite literally .
the twinkle-toed officer has become a crossroad sensation in providence , rhode island , after turning his daily car management duties into a highly-choreographed dance routine .
he spins on his heels , drops to his knees , falls back on his hands and springs back upright , all while blowing his whistle rhythmically as he points his white-gloved fingers frantically from side to side .
scroll down for video .
on the beat : tony lepore has become a crossroad sensation after turning his daily car management duties into a highly-choreographed dance routine .
mr lepore has been entertaining motorists since 1984 when he came up with the moves to alleviate boredom after he was transferred from night shifts foiling crime to traffic duties .
at the age of 65 he is now retired , but has become such a hit in the town that the mayor invites him back to the same busy intersection every christmas to bring a extra holiday cheer to commuters .
he says he was inspired by a prank shown on tv classic candid camera , and decided to add his own fancy footwork , gyrating and flamboyant arm movements to his traffic direction .
speaking in 2009 , he said : ' i saw candid camera and i thought , `` gee , maybe tomorrow i 'm going to try a couple of spins and hand movements '' ... but i did n't know if my bosses were going to like it .
' cop a load of this : mr lepore is now retired but his act had become so popular that he was invited by the mayor to reprise his act specially for the christmas season .
fancy footwork : he spins on his heels , drops to his knees , falls back on his hands and springs back upright .
feel the rhythm : he keeps the beat by blowing on his whistle rhythmically as he points his white-gloved fingers frantically from side to side .
hero : the vietnam veteran has had his share of serious police work , spending nine years on night duty in providence and being decorated for valour in the line of duty .
however , amused motorists loved him so