the wife of murdered nsw police officer bryson anderson has told a court that she lost ` her best friend ' the day that her husband was killed .
` i 've been denied the privilege of growing old with him , ' donna , detective inspector anderson 's widow , told the supreme court on monday according to nine news .
his accused killers , mitchell and fiona barbieri , wept in the dock of the courtroom as inspector anderson 's family and colleagues described the trauma and heartbreak they had experienced since his violent death on december 6 , 2012 .
scroll down for video .
det insp bryson anderson 's widow , donna -lrb- pictured -rrb- , told the supreme court on mondaythat she had ` been denied the privilege of growing old ' with her husband .
mitchell and fiona barbier -lrb- pictured being led from a police van at the sydney supreme court on monday -rrb- , killed the policeman at their rural oakville property in sydney 's north-west in 2012 .
the mother and son killed the decorated policeman at their rural oakville property in sydney 's north-west where he was stabbed to death following a protracted siege .
donna told the sentencing hearing that she and her deceased husband had met when she was 16 .
` he was my best friend ... we talked often and we talked easily , ' she said in court .
` being from a police family you know there is always risk .
i never dreamt this risk would become a reality .
mitchell -lrb- pictured -rrb- and wept in the dock of the courtroom as inspector anderson 's family and colleagues described the trauma and heartbreak they had experienced since his violent death on december 6 , 2012 .
bryson anderson was stabbed to death following a protracted siege in december 2012 in north-west sydney .
` as hard as the last two years have been for me ... bryson is the one that has been made a victim .
' inspector anderson 's elder brother , warwick , told the sentence hearing that it was a nightmare from which he could n't wake .
` you should save the tears that you shed in the dock , ' he told the barbieris .
` you will not be forgiven .
' donna and warwick