these are the eerie images of the abandoned shopping center which was once the biggest in the world .
photographer matthew christopher visited the dilapidated randall park mall just months before demolition work began a few weeks ago .
the haunting images show the dust-covered remains of what were once thriving shops and even a movie theater .
scroll down for video .
left behind : all that 's left of the once momentous randall park mall in ohio is an eerie shell of what it once was .
just dust : these haunting images show the dust-covered remains of what were once thriving shops and bustling stairwells .
in the 1970s : the mall in the 1970s was bustling with people and even hosted beauty pageants like the one seen here .
filled with people : now nothing but dust and breaking walls , the mall is nothing like the person filled hotspot it was in the 1970s .
once occupied : incredibly , 5,000 members of staff worked in this shopping hotspot when it was in its prime .
crumbling : dust and scattered materials are all that remain of randall park mall which will soon be demolished .
just visiting : photographer matthew christopher visited the dilapidated randall park mall just months before demolition work began a few weeks ago .
broken : randall park mall shut its doors in 2009 after being hit hard by the recession and its been deteriorating ever since .
blank space : incredibly , 5,000 members of staff worked at the shopping hot spot that also included a movie theater .
when the mall was opened in 1976 in north randall , ohio , usa , the town had a population of just 1,500 .
incredibly , 5,000 members of staff worked in its shopping hotspot .
randall park mall shut its doors in 2009 after being hit hard by the recession .
once a symbol of american retail , many malls have begun to decline and even close in recent years .
snapper matthew , who has photographed other abandoned buildings such as hotels , factories and churches , plans to photograph more malls in the future .
video by johnny joo .
see more at architectural afterlife .
not for sale : randall park mall , once the largest shopping center in the world , no longer sells popcorn