hallucinogenic drugs may actually be good for you , a team of researchers has concluded .
norwegian scientists have carried out extensive research on the effects of lsd - or trips - by studying drugs surveys from tens of thousands of americans .
the findings are at odds with the long held belief that lsd and other ` mind-enhancing ' drugs - such as mescaline and the drug psilocybin , found in magic mushrooms - result in flashbacks , paranoia and long term mental health problems .
norwegian scientists have carried out extensive research on the effects of ` mind-enhancing ' drugs - such as mescaline and the drug psilocybin , found in magic mushrooms - by studying drugs surveys from tens of thousands of americans .
researchers pal-orjan johansen and teri krebs from norway 's university of science and technology in trondheim examined the drug taking habits of more than 130,000 american citizens between 2001 and 2004 .
last year the duo even recommended that lsd could be an effective treatment for alcoholism .
some 22,000 of those surveyed had taken psychedelic drugs at least once .
their findings were published in the science journal plos one .
they wrote : ` there were no significant associations between lifetime use of any psychedelics , or use of lsd in the past year , and an increased rate of mental health problems .
rather , in several cases psychedelic use was associated with a lower rate of mental health problems .
' mr johansen said that previous studies on the psychedelic drugs had not proved that they caused chronic health problems in an interview with norway 's english-language news website , the local .
dr timothy leary phd -lrb- who died in may 1996 -rrb- an american writer psychologist , was an advocate of psychedelic drug research and use .
he is pictured here holding a press conference in new york .
mrs krebs added : ` everything has some risk ; psychedelics can elicit temporary feelings of anxiety and confusion , but accidents leading to serious injury are extremely rare .
` over the past 50 years , tens of millions of people have used psychedelics and there is just not much evidence of long-term problems .
' instead , they said , the idea that the drugs caused mental health problems came from a small number of case