by .
dan bloom .
published : .
13:10 est , 30 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
14:45 est , 30 january 2014 .
child porn : pundit ross mcfarlane , pictured , downloaded the images four months after he was convicted .
a sky sports commentator has been spared jail after he viewed child pornography for a second time just four months after he was last in court .
former professional golfer ross mcfarlane , 52 , was an occasional pundit for the tv channel - where chiefs , unaware he had any convictions at all , have said he will never appear again .
he used two computers to search for images of children as young as seven , despite a court ordering his internet use to be restricted .
police were alerted by the tracking software installed after his previous offence , which found he was viewing photos of adults having sex with children .
he had been convicted of making indecent images of children in march 2012 and was handed a two-year community order and a sexual offences prevention order .
a fixture on sky viewers ' screens .
since 2001 , mcfarlane initially denied he had been looking for child .
porn and said he had accessed legal porn websites .
but in .
a second interview he admitted accessing the images and .
said he was very down and depressed as he was going through a divorce .
` the searches he had made included pre-teen models and drunk teens , ' said graham smith , prosecuting .
when police searched his home late last year , they found another , untracked laptop with more pornographic images .
graham smith , prosecuting , said : ` in july 2012 officers became alarmed due to the nature of the websites he was accessing .
` in october whoever was using the .
computer was searching out indecent images and in november they -lrb- the .
officers -rrb- seized his laptop .
' aylesbury crown court heard the websites included references to teens and young girls .
most of the photos were of girls as young as seven who were scantily-clad but not nude , but some were of child sex , the court heard .
mr smith said of the 162 images found on the monitored hp laptop , 132 were at