victoria 's secret caused huge a backlash when it unveiled campaign slogan ` the perfect body ' splashed across an image of skinny models .
more than 27,000 people signed a change.com petition started by three students asking for an apology , and for the initiative to be scrapped .
and a few days later , the us lingerie firm changed the wording of the advertisement - but that has n't stopped similar brands poking fun at the ridiculous message of the original slogan .
scroll down for video .
the final ten contenders for star in abra feature in the powerful new image recreating the notorious vs advert .
a new campaign from curvy kate - a lingerie brand for women with bigger boobs - recreates that notorious image using models of all shapes and sizes .
the d + label says its image is 'em powering ' , especially with the widespread call for real models alongside campaigns like #droptheplus - sparked by a model who was labelled ` plus ' because she was bigger than sample size - an australian size 4 .
it coincides with the shortlist of their annual global star in a bra contest , where a ` real woman ' wins the job of being its lingerie model .
hopefuls enter online and the winner becomes the face and body of curvy kate , and gets a year-long modelling contract with bridge models limited , a trip to the mediterranean and # 1,000 spending money .
victoria 's secret caused huge consumer backlash when it unveiled its campaign last year .
the final ten contenders feature in the powerful new image .
brunette emma webley , who is pictured centre-left in the group shot , says : ` making the top 10 -lrb- and hopefully winning -rrb- is a brilliant opportunity for me to spread my belief that everyone should be confident about their body , no matter what shape or size they are .
` to feel body confident you just need to be happy with who you are and surround yourself with positive people .
confidence , a warm personality and a smile is the most beautiful thing a girl can have .
' the next stage in the competition is to get support with public votes , which can be done through the star in a bra website .
curvy