criminals are being locked up for longer as the government keeps its promise to be tough on those who break the law , new figures show .
convictions of celebrity sex abusers are believed to be partly responsible for a larger number of sex offenders being prosecuted , as victims feel more confident about coming forward to expose their abusers .
the average jail term now stands at 15 1/2 months , three months longer than the average in 2004 , and prisoners are getting longer sentences now than they have done for 20 years , ministry of justice moj -rrb- figures reveal .
jailed celebrities : rolf harris , 84 , left , and stuart hall , 84 , right , were both jailed for indecently assaulting girls .
a source close to justice minister chris grayling told mailonline : ` criminals who break the law and ruin the lives of decent hardworking people have to realise they will go to prison .
' a slap on the wrist is n't acceptable for those who make others ' lives a misery .
' the average custodial sentence length -lrb- acsl -rrb- , or length of time people are sentenced to , has increased year on year over the last decade , according to the moj 's new criminal justice statistics update .
the new figures , which do n't include life or indeterminate sentences , show that while fines are the most commonly given punishment by all courts , offenders who are sent to jail are facing a longer period inside , particularly sex offenders .
criminals jailed for sex offences are jailed for longer than any others , with an average sentence of 58.7 months .
the custody rate for these offenders is also up , with 60 per cent of those convicted of sex offenders being sent to prison , second only to robbers , of whom 64 per cent are jailed .
this is thought to be due in part to an increase in the number of celebrity sex offenders being convicted for abuse giving victims confidence to come forward .
in the last year alone , celebrity publicist max clifford , broadcaster stuart hall and former children 's television presenter rolf harris have all been jailed for sex offences .
in july , rolf harris was jailed for five years and nine months after being found