by .
steve doughty for the daily mail .
britons are far more likely to work beyond the retirement age than any of their counterparts in the main eu nations , official figures revealed yesterday .
nearly one in five continue in employment after the age of 65 in the uk -- more than three times the number in france and almost double that in germany .
and growing evidence suggests they often do so to help support their grandchildren .
scroll down for video .
nearly one in five continue in employment after the age of 65 in the uk -- more than three times the number in france and almost double that in germany -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
only in a handful of the eu 's less developed countries is there a higher proportion of working pensioners than in the uk .
figures for 2012 , published by the eu 's statistics arm eurostat , found that 19.4 per cent of britons aged 65 to 69 were in employment .
in france , which has failed to shrug off the recession and where unemployment remains at record levels , only 5.9 per cent had jobs .
that compares with 12.7 in the netherlands , 11.1 in germany , 8 in italy and 6.6 in belgium .
across the 28 nations of the eu -- where the average employment rate among over-65s was 11 per cent -- only estonia , romania and portugal had a higher proportion of people working beyond the retirement age .
and those three countries all have far less developed economies than the uk .
there is growing evidence that many work past their retirement age for financial reasons , separate research shows .
in particular , pensioners are increasingly under pressure to help out their children , who are faced with the difficulties of raising their own young families .
they use the cash they earn to pay for childcare and extras for the grandchildren -- but it means they have less free time to help look after them .
a study commissioned by insurance and pensions company aegon uk found that 29 per cent of workers in britain intend to remain in employment at least part-time during the early years of their retirement to increase their incomes .
it suggested that the growing number of people staying in work into their late