mps are to spend just two and a half days a week in parliament after michael gove told them they were not likely to be needed on thursdays .
the government chief whip has informed tory mps that there will be no major legislation on thursday afternoons for the foreseeable future .
it means they will arrive in westminster on monday lunchtime and could leave on wednesday afternoons .
scroll down for video .
chief whip michael gove has told tory mps that thursdays will be one-line whips , which means there will be no major legislation or debates .
the house of commons has all but ground to a halt in recent months , with almost no legislation to debate .
the coalition has reached a logjam , with the tories and lib dems unable to agree on major new laws with six months until the election .
this week saw the final stages of the childcare payments bill debated on monday and the small business , enterprise and employment bill passed last night .
but today the government has given labour time to force a vote on the european arrest warrant .
tomorrow is given over to backbench business on ` money creation and society ' and ` devolution and the union ' .
mr gove has sent an email to tory mps making clear that in future all thursdays will be a one-line whip -- meaning that are not required to attend .
the commons was almost empty during a debate on iran on thursday november 6 .
the scene is likely to be repeated in the coming weeks .
david cameron suffered a humiliating first defeat on a coalition bill today after more than 40 mps rebelled in a vote to help pubs buy cheaper beer .
the government had opposed plans to make it easier for pubs to purchase drinks from different brewers , but ministers were left embarrassed after they failed to head-off the backbench rebellion .
chief whip michael gove faced shouts of ` resign ' and ` well done , chief whip ' , after 17 conservatives and 24 liberal democrats voted against the coalition government in its first legislative defeat since 2010 .
the rebellion was particularly embarrassing for lib dem business minister jo swinson , who had spoken for the government during the debate , after the rebels included her