by .
reuters reporter .
published : .
11:40 est , 11 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
11:43 est , 11 october 2012 .
the pakistani schoolgirl shot by a taliban gunman because she championed education for girls and other western values was today transferred to a specialist hospital .
surgeons yesterday announced malala yousufzai , 14 , was in a stable condition after removing a bullet from her neck .
but following taliban threats to kill her , authorities in pakistan decided to move her to a hospital in the army garrison town of rawalpindi for her own safety .
scroll down for video .
outrage : activists carry photographs of malala yousafzai during a protest rally against her assassination attempt in lahore yesterday .
malala was shot , along with two other .
girls , by a gunman who boarded her school bus in swat on tuesday .
the .
would-be assassin blasted her in the neck and head but she survived .
one of the other victims has now recovered , while the other remains in a critical condition .
authorities today announced they have identified her attacker and offered a 10,000,000 rupee -lrb- # 119,000 -rrb- reward for his capture .
attacked : malala yousafzai was shot on her way home from school .
regional governor masood kausar said : .
` the security agencies are closely working with each other and they have .
a lot of information about the perpetrators .
we hope our security .
agencies will soon capture them and bring to justice .
' the shooting has drawn condemnation .
from world leaders and many pakistanis .
yesterday there were protests .
against the taliban across the country in support of malala .
her father , ziauddin yousufzai , who .
runs a girls ' school , said his daughter had defied threats for years , .
believing the good work she was doing for her community was her best .
protection .
` pray for her , ' her distraught uncle faiz mohammad said as malala was taken from the hospital in peshawar to the armed forces institute of cardiology in rawalpindi .
a husband-and-wife team of two .
british doctors who were attending a seminar in pakistan today joined .
local surgeons in treating yousufzai .
and yesterday , white house spokesman jay carney said the