by .
peter campbell , city correspondent .
published : .
18:41 est , 2 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
18:58 est , 2 december 2013 .
chris train said that in order to receive the ` luxury ' of electricity , customers would have to pay for billions of pounds worth of infrastructure .
a power boss sparked uproar yesterday by saying the amount of electricity families in britain use is a ` luxury ' .
the extraordinary claim by chris train , a senior director of the national grid , coincided with energy companies refusing to rule out more price rises .
mr train warned that providing ` the luxury of electricity that we desire ' would mean customers paying billions more to upgrade the power network .
his comments -- described as ` hugely misjudged ' by critics -- came as the big six energy firms made a mockery of the government 's latest attempt to bring down bills .
ministers unveiled measures which they promised would take # 50 off the average bill .
but power firms will not pass on the savings until deep into the winter months , leaving customers paying higher rates over christmas .
and despite trimming their tariffs , every major supplier yesterday left the door open for another crippling increase .
it left energy secretary ed davey forced into the embarrassing admission that despite the # 50 cut in green levies that energy firms have to pay , he was unable to promise that bills will not rise again .
mr train made his comments when he was asked about the security of britain 's energy supplies .
critics accused him of being ` out of touch ' with the struggles ordinary families face in paying their bills .
labour energy spokesman tom greatrex said : ` it 's a hugely misjudged comment .
` electricity is not a luxury .
the reality is it 's hard for all but a handful of people to live without it .
` if parts of the energy sector ca n't understand that then little wonder that public anger over energy is the way that it is .
' ann robinson , director at price comparison site uswitch , said : ` to use the word luxury was misguided .
despite protests over sky-high bills last week , energy companies