despite a lack of consistency and cutting edge , brendan rodgers still believes his 10th-placed liverpool team can challenge for a top-four finish in the premier league this season .
unfortunately for rodgers , the history books firmly suggest otherwise with no team since the premier league 's inception finishing higher than sixth after being 10th at christmas .
a third decent performance in a week saw martin skrtel salvage a point with a header in the seventh minute of added time as they drew 2-2 with arsenal on sunday afternoon .
brendan rodgers believes liverpool can finish in the top four despite being 10th at christmas .
martin skrtel celebrates after scoring a dramatic equaliser against arsenal in injury time at anfield on sunday .
in 1993 , graeme souness led his liverpool to sixth place after spending christmas in 10th .
ian rush , pictured playing against ipswich , scored 14 domestic goals as liverpool finished in sixth in 1993 .
speaking after the game , rodgers declared : ` can we now challenge for the top four ?
yes .
absolutely .
the most important thing is that we are moving in the right direction again .
' while liverpool have at times impressed with the pace , pressing and passing which was associated with their run to second place last season , they have collected just 22 points from their 17 games which finds them languishing in mid-table .
the last club to finish as high as sixth after a spending the festive period in 10th was , in fact , liverpool in 1993 .
during that season , with club legend graeme souness at the helm , liverpool were had earned 28 points from their opening 20 games , winning eight compared to liverpool 's six victories since the start of the current campaign .
rodgers may be backing his side to make history , but with liverpool 's frontline of mario balotelli , fabio borini , daniel sturridge and rickie lambert scoring just two premier league goals between them so far , reds fans will be calling out for a star striker such as ian rush , who bagged 14 league goals for the club during the 1992-93 campaign .
there 's little doubt that liverpool will be in far better shape after the return of injured frontman sturridge .
in his absence others