by .
daily mail reporters .
and associated press .
published : .
10:03 est , 8 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
18:10 est , 8 january 2014 .
former congresswoman gabrielle giffords today celebrated her incredible recovery from the shooting that nearly took her life three years ago - by leaping thousands of feet out of an airplane .
giffords , 43 , was shot in the head in the january 2011 attack in tucson , arizona , by gunman jared loughner in a horrific attack that left six others dead and 13 wounded .
now the face of the national gun control effort , she has made a grueling but remarkable recovery , learning how to talk and walk again .
brave giffords skydived to mark the third anniversary of the attack .
the shooting will also be commemorated with bell-ringing , flag-raising ceremonies and church events across tucson .
after the dive giffords blew kisses to the media , waved , and described the experience as ` wonderful .
' amazing : gabby giffords comes in to land her skydive , three years after the assassination attempt in tucson that nearly ended her life .
brave : gabby giffords tweeted this picture of preparations for the skydive with husband mark kelly .
the former congresswoman leapt from a plane to mark the third anniversary of the shooting that nearly killed her .
get ready !
tv host savannah guthrie -lrb- right -rrb- tweeted this photo of gabby giffords just before going up in the plane .
happy : gabrielle giffords blew kisses to the media , waved , and her skydive ` was wonderful ' according to her facebook page she did the tandem skydive jump with her friend , former navy seal jimmy hatch .
savannah guthrie of abc 's today show announced the plans on wednesday morning and the event will be aired on thursday .
` today , .
gabby giffords is going to do something that is incredibly courageous .
and inspiring and a little bit surprising - she 's going to sky-dive here .
in arizona to commemorate the three-year anniversary and all of the .
progress that she 's made , ' the show 's co-anchor said .
guthrie .
continued : ` she is an incredibly brave person .
she 's someone who used .
to love