by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
08:40 est , 29 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
01:46 est , 30 may 2013 .
kate upton is ` not thrilled ' that lingerie brand victoria 's secret used her old photos in their new catalogue .
the blonde pin-up was stunned to discover old images of her posing in the brand 's black body bra gracing the pages of the lingerie brand 's new catalogue without her permission .
a source told mailonline : ` kate is not thrilled victoria 's secret is using these photos .
` she is not contracted to work with victoria 's secret and was not notified before the images , taken in 2011 , were used .
' surprise appearance : kate upton is ` furious ' that her photo from 2011 was used in the new victoria 's secret catalogue -lrb- pictured -rrb- , without her knowledge .
just last year , the lingerie giant branded her look ` too obvious ' kate , 20 , is seen wearing a black body by victoria bra on the back of the newest victoria 's secret catalogue .
kate upton visits `` late night with jimmy fallon '' at rockefeller center .
the photos surfaced online on .
tuesday much to the 20-year-old star 's surprise since she was branded .
too ` obvious ' looking to model their underwear in 2012 , after a .
spokesperson insisted they would never use her .
kate 's popularity is on the rise , .
with the last year seeing her land covers for the likes of vogue and .
sports illustrated magazines as well as campaigns for mercedes-benz and .
accessorize .
the model also made fhm sexiest women in the world 2013 list , ranking at number 8 .
but her appearance in the catalogue certainly came as a surprise after model booker for victoria 's secret sophia neophitou told the new york times : ` we would never .
use kateâ $ ¦ she 's like a footballer 's wife , with the too-blond hair and .
that kind of face that anyone with enough money can go out and buy .
' ms neophitou appears to be alone in her opinion of miss upton though .
the model , who shot to fame after landing the cover of the