olivier giroud might have played a key role in arsenal 's champions league exit against monaco , but the french forward 's form otherwise is as good as any other striker in europe .
only lionel messi can match his statistics in 2015 .
giroud has 11 goals in 15 games so far this calendar year , a ratio that puts him ahead of ballon d'or winner cristiano ronaldo as one of europe 's leading marksmen and his strikes have helped arsenal to become the barclays premier league 's form team .
their french centre forward 's impressive streak has helped arsenal move to within a point of second-placed manchester city and they look all-but certain to qualify for the champions league in one of the most competitive battles for the top four in recent years .
olivier giroud has been in fine form for arsenal so far in 2015 , notching 11 goals in just 15 appearances .
cristiano ronaldo , real madrid 's prolific forward , has a lower goals per game rate than giroud in 2015 .
player .
appearances .
goals .
goals/game .
giroud .
15 .
11 .
0.73 .
ronaldo .
15 .
10 .
0.66 .
ronaldo and messi are generally seen as unachievable benchmarks for most players in terms of goalscoring , but giroud is holding his own with the portuguese forward .
messi , though , has 20 in 19 games averaging 0.95 goals per game .
even the prolific harry kane at north london rivals tottenham hotspur can not quite match giroud .
his 13 goals in 18 games in 2015 giving him a rate of 0.72 , just slightly lower than the 28-year-old frenchman .
after scoring both goals in arsenal 's 2-1 win over newcastle united , giroud 's efforts are being appreciated by his manager as well as his critics .
giroud gets ahead of newcastle defender mike williamson to score the first of his two goals at the weekend .
the french striker scored a second goal within four minutes , nodding in a corner with ease .
asked if giroud is world-class , manager arsene wenger said : ' i think so and he is scoring the goals to prove it .
but i believe there is still room for improvement .
` technically , he is a much better player than he was