by .
tamara cohen and daniel martin .
published : .
18:34 est , 26 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
02:34 est , 27 february 2013 .
` diabolical catastrophe ' : ten tory mps are calling for nhs chief sir david nicholson to quit for presiding over the scandal at stafford hospital .
ten tory mps are calling for nhs chief sir david nicholson to quit for presiding over the ` diabolical catastrophe ' at stafford hospital .
charlotte leslie , mp for bristol north west , has drawn up a commons early day motion calling for him to ` face consequences ' for the scandal in which up to 1,200 patients died needlessly .
two other mps compared the scandal to the cover-up over the 1989 hillsborough football tragedy , suggesting that officials and former ministers may have known more about the appalling abuse and still have questions to answer .
the growing clamour in parliament for sir david to fall on his sword increases the pressure on david cameron , who repeated yesterday that he had his full backing and is ` doing a very good job ' .
however , miss leslie attacked the ` thunderous silence around the nhs ... which goes well beyond stafford ' .
she called for sir david , former health secretaries and other officials to reveal what they knew about high mortality rates and whistleblowers , and said that nhs failures could be widespread .
fourteen more trusts are being investigated over 7,000 deaths from 2006 to 2010 , according to figures released by the conservatives .
miss leslie said that up to 2,800 of those people ` should have been saved ' because they died after 2008 after the horrors at mid staffordshire had been exposed .
the mps are calling for sir david to resign as chief executive of the nhs because of his previous role as head of the west midlands strategic health authority , which managed mid staffordshire hospitals but failed to spot the abuse .
a tory source said sir david was a ` dead man walking ' , but believed that he was being kept on to oversee crucial nhs reforms as 200 commissioning boards take control of budgets on april 1 .
miss leslie said : ` there has been a thunderous silence around the nhs and the mid staffs