by .
ellie zolfagharifard .
published : .
19:02 est , 28 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
19:02 est , 28 january 2014 .
the british public has voted online shopping as the biggest technological development of the 21st century , just ahead of internet banking .
a third of those surveyed claim the ability to buy from websites rather than going into stores has had the biggest impact on their lives .
but the research also found brits are often slow to adopt new technology , with 92 per cent holding off until they 've seen others try it first .
the british public has voted online shopping as the biggest technological development of the 21st century , just ahead of internet banking .
1 .
being able to shop online -lrb- 29 per cent -rrb- .
2 .
online banking -lrb- 24 per cent -rrb- .
3 .
mobile internet devices -lrb- 22 per cent -rrb- .
4 .
digital tv recorders -lrb- such as sky + , virgin and tivo -rrb- -lrb- 17 per cent -rrb- .
5 .
streaming films and tv online -lrb- three per cent -rrb- .
this means 39 million people in the uk feel too nervous to try the latest advances and just eight per cent will give new devices and software a go .
over half like to wait until new tech has proved itself in the market , while 19 per cent need to see friends or family take the plunge first .
it seems that once people get past their initial reluctance , most see the advances of the digital age as a good thing .
almost all who took part in the survey said technology makes their lives easier , according to the research by energy firm e.on .
the top five technology developments of the 21st century also included mobile internet , digital tv recorders and online film streaming services .
over half like to wait until new tech has proved itself in the market , while 19 per cent need to see friends or family take the plunge first .
streaming films online and digital tv services both made it into the top five technology developments of our time .
nearly half of brits confess to being sceptical in the early days of internet shopping , but two thirds now regularly buy from