he is typically a stoic commander-in-chief .
but now , barack obama 's former top adviser has revealed in a new book what happens when the president loses his famous cool .
david axelrod , obama 's top strategist during his 2012 presidential campaign , claims the 53-year-old once cussed at him in front of others and stormed out of a debate-prep session in a fit of rage .
in his book , ` believer : my forty years in politics ' , he describes how he attempted to offer obama some constructive criticism prior to his first debate with republican nominee , mitt romney .
scroll down for video .
first-hand account : david axelrod -lrb- left -rrb- , who was barack obama 's top strategist during his 2012 presidential campaign , has revealed in a new book what happens when the president -lrb- right -rrb- , 53 , loses his famous cool .
under pressure : axelrod claims obama -lrb- right -rrb- cussed at him and stormed out of the room in a fit of rage after he offered the politician constructive criticism before his disasterous 2012 debate with republican nominee mitt romney -lrb- left -rrb- .
however , obama refused to accept his advice , axelrod writes .
instead , in an unexpected move , the us leader reportedly exclaimed : ` motherf **** r 's never happy !
' before storming out of the room in front of stunned onlookers , according to business insider .
` that was a first , ' axelrod says in his book .
` obama and i had been working together for a decade , through some pretty hairy moments , but he had never before lost his temper in this fashion .
' he added : ` he certainly never attacked me so harshly , especially in front of others .
' and perhaps obama could have done with heeding axelrod 's advice - as his first debate proved to be disastrous , with 67 per cent of viewers declaring that romney had won it , according to a poll .
only 25 per cent said the same of the president , whose poor performance was watched by more than 60million americans in october 2012 , the poll by cnn/opinion research revealed .
video from university of chicago .
together : obama -lrb- right -rrb- reportedly refused to accept