by .
bianca london .
we bargain-hunting brits are happy to scrimp on staycations and budget for our weekly shop - but when it comes to weddings , we are less skilful at saving our pennies .
according to a new study , the average brit spends an eye-watering # 440 for every wedding we attend - that amounts to an entire week 's salary every time someone ties the knot .
and with most of us attending five weddings per year , our matrimonial attendance is costing us a total of # 2,180 every year .
hey big spender : the average brit spends a whole week 's wages being a wedding guest and most attend five a year , which tots up to # 2,180 !
not surprisingly , the british women .
surveyed saw their outfit as being the most important part of being a .
wedding guest .
with so many cameras flashing and potential facebook tags awaiting , it comes as no surprise that a staggering 70 per cent of women choose to spend more on their outfit .
than they do on their accommodation .
accommodation came in second place when it came to costs , with 61 per cent shelling out over # 150 for an evening of celebration .
when it comes to a wedding gift , over half of those generous wedding guests surveyed said they spend over # 100 on a present for the happy couple .
the least amount of money gets spent on alcohol , with 44 per cent spending over # 50 on tipples on the big day .
helen north , head of marketing for fashion brand kaleidoscope who commissioned the survey said : ` we all know that weddings are a billion pound industry in the uk , and that they can be a very costly affair for the bride and groom .
but what about the guests ?
splashing the cash : 70 per cent of women choose to spend more on their outfit than accommodation , with the least amount of money being spent on alcohol .
` we commissioned this survey as we wanted to reveal the expenditure the average guest faces attending the nuptials of our nearest and dearest .
` the cost of weddings is always considered from the perspective of the bride and groom , but just how much