by .
lucy crossley .
published : .
13:44 est , 16 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:56 est , 16 november 2013 .
two fathers had to be physically separated when they became embroiled in an angry row over parking outside their children 's primary school .
the heated exchange , which was caught on camera , came just days after another father was punched in the face outside the school in an argument over dangerous parking .
police have now been called in to patrol the streets around st margaret 's primary in whalley range , manchester , in the mornings and afternoons as the headmistress called for an end to ` violent behaviour ' , and expressed her fears that one of her pupils could be killed .
scroll down for video .
force : two fathers had to be physically separated when they became embroiled in an angry row over parking outside their children 's primary school in manchester .
filmed : the heated exchange , which was caught on camera , came just days after another father was punched in the face outside the school in an argument over dangerous parking .
argument : one of the fathers can be seen climbing out of his vehicle to challenge another , who had stopped on the wrong side of the road and was refusing to move .
the shocking video was taken outside the church of england school at rush-hour and shows the two men squaring up to each other after one blocked a t-junction on double yellow lines .
one of the fathers can be seen climbing out of his vehicle to challenge another , who had stopped on the wrong side of the road and was refusing to move .
another parent had to separate the two men , who hurled abuse at ane another , before one banged on the other 's car .
shocking : the video was taken outside the church of england school at rush-hour and shows the two men squaring up to each other after one blocked a t-junction on double yellow lines .
intervention : another parent had to separate the two men , who hurled abuse at ane another , before one banged on the other 's car .
danger : the incident came just a week after an eight-year-old boy was struck by