it 's the most wonderful time of the year on earth - but it seems the universe , too , knows how to throw a good festive party .
a stunning image released by nasa has shown a kaleidoscope of colour as two colliding galaxies put on a spectacular light show .
but while impressive to look at , the image also has scientific value - revealing a large number of super-bright sources of x-rays that may indicate a new type of black hole .
scientists in massachusetts and texas have revealed a spectacular light show taking place in two colliding galaxies -lrb- shown -rrb- .
the galaxies in question are ngc 2207 and ic 2163 , which are 130 million light-years from earth in canis major .
the two galaxies in the image , ngc 2207 and ic 2163 , are located about 130 million light-years from earth in the constellation of canis major , and together measure 180,000 light-years across .
the image is a combination of data from three telescopes : the chandra x-ray observatory , the hubble space telescope and the spitzer space telescope .
colliding galaxies like the pair featured in the image are well known to contain intense star formation .
shock waves , like the sonic booms from supersonic aircraft , form during the collision , leading to the collapse of clouds of gas and the formation of star clusters .
in fact , researchers estimate that the stars associated with the ultraluminous x-ray sources -lrb- ulxs -rrb- are very young and may only be about 10 million years old .
in contrast , our sun is about halfway through its 10-billion-year lifetime .
it was compiled by scientists from the massachusetts institute of technology , the harvard-smithsonian center for astrophysics in cambridge and the harvard medical school in boston -lrb- all in massachusetts -rrb- , and the sam houston state university in huntsville , texas .
chandra is used to spot x-rays coming from the galaxy , which appear pink in the image .
the reason there is so much pink is that the galaxies contain one of the most numerous collections ever found of so-called ultraluminous x-ray sources -lrb- ulxs -rrb- .
both galaxies , like our own milky way , contain a number of star systems called x-ray binaries .
these consist of a star in a tight orbit around