by .
aap .
an australian convert to islam who used the internet to urge people to join ` jihad ' in iraq and syria and claimed he was in the middle east , has been arrested in the philippines , local police say .
robert edward cerantonio , 29 , who also goes by the name musa cerantonio , was detained on friday in the central filipino city of cebu where he is believed to have been hiding from australian authorities.the region 's deputy police chief , superintendent conrado capa , said he will be deported to australia .
born in melbourne , cerantonio is one of extremist group islamic state 's most prolific jihadists.the abbott government earlier this week listed the group as a terrorist organisation when it pushed through amendments to the criminal code .
scroll down for video .
musa cerantonio was arrested by local police in the philippines on friday , days after he claimed on twitter he was on the way to the middle east .
cerantonio was arrested on friday in lapu-lapu city in the philippines .
in a telephone interview on friday , supt capa told aap that cerantonio had ` been in cebu since february ... for the most part , he keeps to himself in his rooms , in hotels or apartments ' .
` in one broadcast on his website , he called on brother muslims to join the war in iraq and syria .
' supt capa said cerantonio was arrested and would be deported because the australian government cancelled his passport , making him an illegal alien .
however , mr banas said there is ` no evidence linking him to any terror act ' .
his arrest comes more than a week after he tweeted on social media he had arrived in the middle east to join his brothers of the islamic state - which is also known as the islamic state of iraq and levant and islamic state of iraq and syria .
` al-hamdulillah i have arrived in the land of khilafah in ash-sham !
may allah honor all muslims during this blessed time with his obedience , ' he posted on twitter .
two days earlier , he tweeted : ` insha'allah i will be arriving in ash-sham very shortly , keep us in your du'a , getting ready to travel .
'