by .
sophie freeman .
it was once assumed that a young couple would get married and start a family as soon as they could .
today they are more likely to live together to see if they 're truly compatible before they consider tying the knot .
however , a social scientist is now saying that getting married earlier actually makes a stronger partnership .
in his new book , the curmudgeon 's guide to getting ahead , charles murray says those who get married in their twenties have a stronger partnership than those who marry later in life .
charles murray believes young people should be more open to what he calls a ` startup marriage ' in their 20s , rather than waiting for a ` merger marriage ' in their 30s .
in his new book , the curmudgeon 's guide to getting ahead , he describes startup marriages as those in which the couple generally meet at university , or at the start of their careers , when they have little money and personal success is not yet assured .
he claims they can make you happier than today 's popular ` mergers ' , where the pair meet and settle down later , when they are already doing well in their jobs and have achieved some level of success on their own .
dr murray claims startups are more likely to achieve a ` certain kind of symbiosis , where two people become more than the sum of the individuals ' .
his advice on marrying young echoes that of author susan patton , whose latest book , marry smart , has provoked uproar by urging women to find a husband while at university .
dr murray , an american whose 1994 bestseller , the bell curve , sparked controversy for its analysis of iq and class , compares the benefits of a start-up marriage with the early days of computer giant microsoft .
` for one thing , you will both have memories of your life together when it was still up in the air , ' he said .
charles murray believes young people should be more open to what he calls a ` startup marriage ' in their 20s , rather than waiting for a ` merger marriage ' in their 30s .
` i 'm willing to bet that bill