by .
sam webb .
published : .
19:18 est , 20 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:23 est , 21 february 2013 .
if you were hoping for a little respite from the cold weather , the prospects are not looking good .
a cold snap will take hold of britain over the next few days as freezing winds sweep across the nation .
strong gusts of up to 50mph will mean that temperatures hovering around freezing point could feel more like -10 degrees in some areas .
the chilly winds and overnight frosts will cover all of britain , while the east will be affected by light snow flurries .
large swathes of the south-west and west coast will be sunny today and tomorrow , while the east faces snow flurries and clouds .
wrap up warm : a pair of horses in the peak district near hartington , derbyshire , are swaddled in blankets to escape the cold .
a freezing east wind forced the horses to huddle up together against a dry stone wall .
in the west midlands night temperatures are expected to plunge to -4 c , while tomorrow could see london and the south-east hit by snow .
the temperatures are much colder than normal for this time of year , a weather expert said , when we should expect averages of around six to eight degrees .
billy payne , a forecaster for meteogroup , the weather division of the press association , said : ` it 's certainly going to feel much colder today and over the weekend .
among the snowdrops : rose cheeseman , three , wraps up warm at kingston lacy house in dorset as extreme cold returns to britain today .
` temperatures are expected to stay just above freezing point throughout the day , but with the wind chill factor it could feel more like than -5 degrees , or even -10 degrees where the winds are strongest .
` they could hit around 50mph in cornwall , while the rest of britain will see gusts of around 30mph and higher in exposed areas .
` these temperatures are very cold for this time of year .
we expect cold weather in february but it is impressively cold really .
' on saturday there is an increasing .
risk of snow flurries coming