russian oligarch boris berezovsky died penniless and # 300m in debt , including # 46m owed to hmrc .
boris berezovsky , once known as russia 's second richest man , died penniless and in debt , including owing the taxman # 46million .
the former tycoon , an outspoken critic of president vladimir putin , was worth an estimated # 1.9 billion .
but after he was found dead it was revealed berezovsky died penniless and with debts of more than # 300million - including # 46million owed to the british taxman .
sitting at the high court , mr justice morgan said his estate was insolvent .
he said because mr berezovsky was a debtor unable to pay his debts , his estate became the debtor and was now insolvent .
the next stage of the process would be a creditors ' meeting .
accountants grant thornton were appointed to handle most of the administration of the estate and told the court that hm revenue and customs officials had calculated that the estate had a tax debt of # 46 million .
the 67-year-old one time billionaire was found hanged at his ex-wife 's # 20million home in ascot in berkshire in march 2013 .
his family do not believe he killed himself and last year a coroner recorded an open verdict into his death .
his death has been shrouded in mystery , with his daughter previously claiming the russian government could be responsible and last year alexander lukashenko , the leader of belarus , claimed he did not believe the russian oligarch was actually dead .
probate records reveal that he died without a will and left an estate valued at ` nil ' in england and wales .
scroll down for video .
in may 2014 another high court judge had analysed litigation involving the estate and mr berezovsky 's former partner elena gorbunova .
ms gorbunova had become embroiled in a high court battle with mr berezovsky in late 2012 - after complaining that she had not been given millions he had promised .
and mr justice mann had been told - at a high court hearing in london in may - that following mr berezovsky 's death ms gorbunova had claimed an interest in two french properties .
berezovsky was was found dead at his ex-wife 's # 20 million home in ascot