by .
lizzie parry .
published : .
10:08 est , 3 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:41 est , 3 november 2013 .
this was the miraculous scene as rescue workers plucked two people from their car after it crashed through a motorway bridge , leaving them hanging precariously in mid-air .
the driver and passenger of the car were ` extremely lucky ' to escape following the dramatic accident on the m6 in merseyside today .
the impact left the car 's back wheels dangling off the side of the bridge , which crosses over the a580 carriageway below .
rescue teams worked to lift the car , dangling precariously off the bridge which crosses the a580 below , cutting one motorist free and rescuing another .
one is said to have suffered a leg injury .
the accident happened in the southbound carriageway at haylock shortly after 8.30 am .
rescue teams cut one person free from the wreckage before rescuing the other and then firefighters worked to lift the car back on to the road .
a spokesman for the highways agency said the rescue efforts took almost an hour , with the pair safely helped from the car by 9.45 am .
firefighter chris parrington , a member of the search and rescue team who attended the call-out , said : ` we were called to the flyover of the roundabout near junction 23 of the m6 .
` when we arrived the back of the car was overhanging part of the east lancashire road , but the car was relatively stable and pretty level .
` we had to use winches and cables to secure the vehicle before the two occupants could be helped out .
` we had to use hydraulic cutters and a reciprocal saw to remove the door to release the driver .
` both occupants of the car walked out assisted by firefighters and members of the north west ambulance service 's hazard area response team .
` they were extremely lucky with a drop of more than 30 feet to the carriageway below .
' the north west ambulance service said one of the motorists suffered a leg injury .
the pair were both taken to hospital for checks .
no other vehicles were involved .
the crash and subsequent rescue mission resulted in significant delays