by .
associated press .
university of connecticut alumnus rick mastracchio would have liked to deliver this year 's graduation address to the school of engineering in person .
but he 'll be out of town on may 10 - orbiting the globe on the international space station .
so uconn has arranged for the 54-year-old astronaut give the speech from space .
his recorded address will be shown on the video boards at gampel pavilion to about 5,000 people , including more than 400 graduating seniors and their families , and several members of mastracchio 's family , including his wife , candi .
above the world : astronaut rick mastracchio will deliver his speech from the international space station .
' i remain a bit nervous , ' said kazem .
kazerounian , the dean of the engineering school , who helped set up the .
unusual graduation speech .
` we .
have never tried anything like this before , and i know that the world .
will be watching us .
so , while i 'm excited , i still have to have my .
fingers crossed .
' mastracchio , .
waterbury native who earned a bachelor 's degree in electrical .
engineering and computer engineering from uconn in 1982 , will receive an .
honorary doctorate .
he is .
wrapping up his fourth trip into space , an eight-month stint aboard the .
space station , and has spent more than 51 hours on space walks outside .
the orbiting laboratory .
he recorded the speech over the weekend and beamed it back to nasa , which was converting the file thursday to send to uconn .
the astronaut graduated from uconn in 1982 with a bachelor 's degree in electrical engineering and computer engineering .
this wo n't be mastracchio 's first contact with a connecticut audience from space .
last month , he and colleague steve swanson did a live question-and-answer session from the space station with children at sandy hook elementary school , which has a new building since the december 2012 shooting that killed 26 people .
this is at least the third astronaut to give a commencement speech from space , nasa spokesman jay bolden said .
the first two both occurred at the university of north dakota , including an address in august by astronaut karen nyberg