by .
daily mail reporter .
more than 60 labour mps are employing staff on zero hours contracts despite the party 's campaign against them .
labour leader ed miliband has repeatedly hit out at the growing use by employers of ` exploitative ' contracts that offer staff no guarantee of any work .
but figures produced by the independent parliamentary standards authority reveal that mps employ 151 staff on zero hours contracts .
labour leader ed miliband campaigns against zero hour contracts despite his mps employing workers on them .
of these , 62 are employed by labour mps , 77 by conservatives , five by liberal democrats and seven by independents and the minor parties .
mr miliband was challenged over the figures yesterday as he gave a round of interviews about low pay .
he told bbc radio four 's today programme : ` i would be surprised by that , but what we have got to do is set the right framework in law .
' the labour leader yesterday prompted fresh speculation he has had voice training to improve his public image .
ed miliband , who is known for his nasal drone , appeared to have a slower and softer voice as he toured studios to promote his policy on the minimum wage .
lance price , a former spin doctor for tony blair , suggested he was displaying signs of media training .
he said : ` much improved delivery from ed miliband -- calmer , no longer pleading .
that training is working .
' but a labour source said it was ` not the case ' he has had voice coaching .
steve turner , of the unite union , said it was wrong for labour mps to employ staff on zero hours contracts .
he said said : ` it will appal ordinary people to discover that the country 's lawmakers are using `` hire and fire '' contracts .
` parliament passed the laws that are supposed to protect pay and conditions -- our mps ought to be upholding them , setting a high standard for employers .
` we are calling on those mps using zero-hours contracts to move their staff on to secure contracts immediately .
' ipsa did not release the names of mps using zero hours contracts , so it is not possible to know