a thai surrogate mother has vowed to care for the critically-ill baby she gave birth to before he was suddenly abandoned by his australian parents .
pattharamon janbua - the surrogate mother of the six-month-old boy with down 's syndrome - has had her hopes of a spirited survival for gammy heightened in the days since he has been receiving treatment for a serious lung infection .
aided by an incredible fundraising effort for his medical costs , which now stands at more than $ 155,000 , ms pattharamon said she wants to ` take care of gammy ' as her own .
' i wo n't give my baby to anybody , ' she told fairfax media .
scroll down for video .
thai mother pattharamon janbua broke down after telling of her pain for baby gammy .
ms janbua said she loved the six-month-old boy like he was her own child .
the thai surrogate mother has received more than $ 182,000 in donations to care for gammy after he was abandoned .
her hopes of a spirited survival for the six-month-old comes after she had all but conceded on friday that he would die because of his illness .
bangkok-based media outlet , the thai rath newspaper , reported ms janbua believed her son 's death was unavoidable .
she has been by his bedside as he battles a lung infection , according to the thai rath newspaper .
' i think the baby will not make it because his lung infection is too serious , ' she told a thai rath reporter .
the 21-year-old has two other children aged six and three , and scores of australians have also offered to adopt the baby .
the first two targets were $ 25,000 and $ 150,000 and were surpassed on friday and saturday .
more than 2,712 people have donated in the three days since the hope for gammy page went live and the new target is set at $ 200,000 .
ms pattharamon said she ` did not expect ' to see such a large donation of money pool in , and it has given her renewed hope after she was reduced to tears on friday .
the 21-year-old broke down when she spoke about how the baby she was paid to carry was was rejected by his australian parents .
she told of her