the messy divorce between chef bobby flay and actress stephanie march just got uglier .
on sunday , the new york post 's page six alleged that the marriage breakup was the result of flay having an affair with his assistant elyse tirrel , who 's 28 .
but the celebrity chef 's business partner laurence kretchmer moved swiftly to dismiss the claims , saying that if flay , 50 , had been having an ongoing affair with an employee , he would know about it .
scroll down for video .
the other woman ?
it was alleged sunday that chef bobby flay has been having an affair with his assistant eliyse tirrell and that it led to the breakdown of his marriage to stephanie march .
secret affair : page six claimed flay , 50 , has been seeing tirrel , who 's 28 , for three years and that according to a friend of march , the actress learned of the relationship with the former hostess just after thanksgiving 2014 .
page six reported that tirrell is a ` singer/actress who worked as a hostess at the chef 's bar americain in 2008 and became his assistant .
' the gossip site claimed that flay , who filed for divorce from march , 40 , in april , has been cheating on the law & order : suv star for three years with tirrell .
march 's friend maia madison , a writer and actress , told page six that march arrived ` sobbing uncontrollably ' at her home just after thanksgiving after finding out about the affair .
madision went on to say that tirrell ` is about to become the monica lewinsky of the food world .
' messy divorce : flay filed for divorce earlier this month saying that his 10-year marriage to law & order : svu star march has ` irretrievably broken down ' after the story ran , flay 's representative released a statement to the media saying : ` we will continue to refrain from responding to the continued efforts by certain parties to spread rumors and innuendo .
' ` this specific allegation was in a letter sent from one attorney in this case to the other .
it was written and then leaked specifically to try to insert this story into the press , and that 's unfortunate