eight-time grand slam champion andre agassi believes american men 's tennis has to ` regroup at grass roots level ' if it ever wants to boast a world number one again .
the united states take on great britain in the davis cup in glasgow this weekend , hoping to avenge last year 's 3-1 defeat in san diego .
world number five andy murray will lead the charge for britain and goes into the first-round world group tie as the stand-out singles player , with america 's john isner and donald young ranked only 20th and 47th respectively .
usa legend andre agassi -lrb- pictured in 2009 -rrb- says america must ` regroup ' its grass roots tennis set-up .
world number five andy murray will lead the line for great britain at the davis cup this coming weekend .
usa 's donald young stretches to return a shot to ivo karlovic during the delray beach open on february 22 .
john isner of the united states plays a backhand during his third-round match at the australian open 2015 .
it is a far cry from the days of agassi , who lifted the davis cup in 1990 , 1992 and 1995 alongside the likes of seven-time wimbledon champion pete sampras and four-time major winner jim courier .
the last time america produced a male grand slam winner was 2003 , when agassi won the australian open and andy roddick triumphed in flushing meadows .
` being the next andy roddick or the next andre agassi will still leave you shy of winning tournaments these days .
that 's the truth , ' agassi told press association sport .
` will we ever have a number one player again ?
that 's achievable , of course it is , but the four guys at the top now - roger federer , rafael nadal , novak djokovic and andy murray - they have redefined what this sport is all about over the last 10 years .
` you need something unique these days to make inroads , especially growing up in a country that does n't have red clay courts .
american tennis great pete sampras won the wimbledon championship seven times during his career .
agassi has singled out switzerland 's roger federer as one of the ` four guys at the top now ' he has also placed