by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
08:48 est , 31 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:11 est , 1 january 2014 .
jailed : driving instructor ben holloway has been sentenced to six years in prison for dealing class a drugs .
a driving instructor turned breaking bad-style drugs dealer has been jailed for six years after being caught with cocaine and amphetamines worth # 5million he planned to sell to save his family home .
benjamin holloway , 26 , claimed he turned to drug dealing to raise # 20,000 to stop his property being sold to pay for debts he incurred when his business went under .
birmingham crown court heard that the ` hard-working ' instructor became increasingly desperate to provide for his family and became mixed up with dangerous drugs gangs .
the case echoes the plot of the hit us tv crime drama breaking bad , in which respectable chemistry teacher walter white turns to drug dealing to provide for his family after learning he has terminal cancer .
white , played by bryan cranston , sets up a laboratory making the drug crystal meth to make a lot of money fast .
holloway was arrested after police pulled over his ford focus during routine checks on motorists in birmingham on august 14 .
officers discovered a huge haul of cocaine and amphetamines in his car .
they then swooped on his # 130,000 home in redditch and found more than 50kg of amphetamines in his garden shed .
police also recovered drug-making .
equipment and five phones that had been used to make calls to gang .
members in spain and holland .
home : holloway was desperate to avoid selling his house in redditch , worcestershire , pictured .
desperate : when police searched the property , they found 50kg of amphetamines in this garden shed .
sentencing .
holloway , who pleaded guilty to conspiracy to supply cocaine and .
amphetamine , judge roderick henderson said : ` you are a hard worker who .
had never been in trouble with police but you became involved in .
desperately serious offences .
` you were more than just a courier and had played a significant role in the conspiracy .
' police .
found holloway was living beyond the means of a driving instructor , .