former x factor contestant simone battle was struggling with financial problems when she took her life , according to reports .
the 25-year-old g.r.l. singer was found hanged in the closet of her west hollywood apartment on friday morning .
the los angeles county coroner ruled her death a suicide .
friends and family have told authorities that battle had been ` depressed over money issues ' , tmz reported on tuesday .
the family said they did n't understand her money struggles because she was enjoying success with the girl group , including a collaboration with pitbull , and had just finished a tour overseas .
the group also performed on abc 's ` good morning america ' last month .
loss : simone battle , 25 , took her life in her hollywood home last week after struggling with money woes , according to her family .
her breakout was in 2011 's x factor , right , where she made the final 17 .
the family also reportedly told police that battle had been worried she would never make it big .
battle , who was a finalist on the x factor in 2011 , was last seen alive at 3.45 am on friday - about four hours before her body was found , according to assistant chief coroner ed winter .
her father anthony battle , who found her body , said his daughter had never showed any sign of depression , and said that they texted every day .
` she will be greatly missed and loved , ' her father told mailonline .
` she was an exuberant person and a very loved person .
' star : battle , pictured center , was a member of the girl group g.r.l. from left : lauren bennett , natasha slayton , battle , emmalyn estrada and paula von oppen at the maxim hot 100 event in california last june .
successful : simone is pictured chatting on good morning america last month with her bandmates .
battle posted this picture of herself in florida two months ago .
battle first started singing professionally after her breakout on the u.s. version of the x factor in 2011 .
she made it to the top 17 and was mentored by judge simon cowell .
at the time of her death , battle was in the girl group