by .
becky evans .
published : .
14:32 est , 27 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:34 est , 22 april 2013 .
a railway worker put the lives of passengers at risk by letting an untrained friend stand in for him for more than two weeks so he could study for a degree , a court has heard .
oluwaseun oyesanya , 36 , allowed olutoba olubode to wave off trains from station platforms even though he did not have a licence and had not been trained , westminster magistrates ' court heard .
the hearing was told the deception could have led to a crash and passenger deaths if a train had been cleared to leave denmark hill station at the wrong time .
the deception took place between october 15 and 27 last year at denmark hill station .
he was standing in as a despatcher , .
who conducts safety checks before trains depart and have to undergo .
training and obtain a licence .
chair .
of the bench spyros elia told oyesanya it was ` but for the will of god .
that somebody was n't injured , perhaps even fatally , and maybe more than .
one person .
' adjourning for sentencing , he said : ' i just can not stress how serious this is .
` we .
feel that the sentencing powers available to us in this court are not .
sufficient to deal with it with the severity it deserves .
' the ruse took place between october 15 and 27 last year , when oyesanya , who has no previous convictions , was employed at denmark hill station by railway company southeastern .
he gave olubode a fake identity badge , along with a personal crash course and a set of training books .
alec .
williams , prosecuting , said the measures let his friend ` effectively .
home-school himself in how to become competent in despatching trains .
' he said the scam went unnoticed until january this year when oyesanya turned up at the station to go about renewing his licence .
westminster magistrates ' court heard it was ` but for the will of god ' that someone was not injured or killed .
` colleagues caught sight of him and were .
rather confused that the gentleman they