one week after tmz broke the story that a neighbour had made a sworn deposition that a ` glass crack pipe ' was found following the fire that broke out in actress ashley greene 's west hollywood apartment last year , the sheriff 's investigators have debunked the claim .
building manager adrian mayorga is among several residents suing the twilight star - citing respiratory damage - after her unit went up in a flames on march 22 , 2013 , which was originally said to have been caused by an unattended lit candle .
but while mayorga insists in his sworn statement that he was told by one of the men involved in the cleanup that a glass crack pipe had been found in the apartment , a report obtained by tmz on sunday that was filed by the sheriff 's arson/explosives unit shows no such finding .
scroll down for video .
claim debunked : one week after ashley greene 's former building manager claimed a ` glass crack pipe ' was found following the fire that broke out in her west hollywood apartment in march last year , a report filed by the sheriff 's arson/explosives unit has dismissed the claim .
according to the website , this could mean one of two things : that no such pipe exists or that it was simply missed in their filing .
the documents also reportedly state that there was no evidence of arson and they do not rule out the cause as accidental .
in initial reportings of the incident , greene , her boyfriend at the time - alleged to be actor ryan phillippe - and her brother were said to have been sleeping in the apartment on march 22 when an unattended candle set a living room couch ablaze .
despite mayorga 's version of events , a source was quick to dispute his claim , telling us weekly that no crack pipe was found at the scene .
tragedy : greene , ryan phillippe and her brother were reportedly sleeping in the apartment on march 22 , 2013 when an unattended candle set a living room couch ablaze , with the sheriff finding no evidence of arson and not ruling out the cause as accidental .
` it 's all hearsay from unnamed sources - mayorga 's claiming he heard from a friend of an