by .
amanda williams .
published : .
04:39 est , 7 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
04:48 est , 7 december 2012 .
two underworld crime bosses were branded the ` merchants of death ' after being caught buying a military grade sub-machine gun for use in a vicious turf feud .
` mr bigs ' sohail aurengzeb , 28 , and biny amin , 45 , were detained during a swoop by armed police after officers secretly trailed them as they completed an arms deal with another racketeering gang operating 100 miles away .
the pair paid up to # 15,000 in cash for a skorpian sub-machine gun - which fires 1,000 rounds of ammunition per minute and is used by the czechoslovakian army - to be used in a deadly drugs war they were fighting with rival gangs in greater manchester .
` mr bigs ' biny amin , 45 , -lrb- left -rrb- and sohail aurengzeb , 28 -lrb- right -rrb- were caught buying a military grade sub-machine gun for use in a vicious turf feud .
weapon of war : the skorpion is a military grade sub-machine gun designed for the czech army .
police found the gun stuffed in a bag along with rounds of hollowpoint ` dum dum ' bullets in the front passenger footwell of a vw golf being used by one of their lackeys - or ` runners ' .
they also arrested five suspects in birmingham over the sale and trafficking of the firearm and seized two other firearms .
aurengzeb was a convicted drug dealer who turned his terraced house in oldham into a ` mini fortress ' covering his windows with iron bars and installing cctv cameras to check on unwelcome visitors .
convicted gunman amin was known as a ` driver ' who was once a member of a motoring crime gang which in the 1990s used a modified casio watch to unlock cars with central locking systems and disable their car alarms .
today aurengzeb was beginning a 15 year sentence after he admitted possession of a firearm and ammunition with intent to endanger life and drug offences .
amin , formerly of longsight , manchester was jailed for 14 years after being convicted by a jury of possession of a firearm and ammunition with intent to endanger life .
after the case