by .
andrew levy .
published : .
09:41 est , 21 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
22:51 est , 21 february 2013 .
inquest : david pattrick -lrb- pictured with his wife susan , 64 , in canada in june 2004 -rrb- was found dead , face down in vomit and faeces , in a toilet cubicle .
an nhs consultant has blamed a hospital system which allowed different doctors to look after the same patient for the death of a pensioner who was found collapsed in a toilet .
david pattrick , 69 , was discovered lying on the floor of the cubicle two days after a gall bladder operation .
an inquest heard he had complained of severe abdominal pain , which his widow , susan , 64 , said staff at colchester general hospital failed to investigate properly .
giving evidence at the hearing , the hospital 's professor of surgery , roger motson , said a system which allows different surgeons to check on post-operative patients had led to confusion about mr pattrick 's care .
` a pool list was introduced to try to treat patients more quickly , ' he said .
` it breeds uncertainty as to who is looking after a patient .
it 's a reflection of doctors ' working hours and never would have happened in the past .
' mr pattrick , a retired banker from marks tey , near colchester , was admitted to the hospital in december 2010 , to have his gall bladder removed .
he was told he would be able to return home the day after the routine operation but the surgeon discovered he had an infection and opted for a different procedure .
he was put on antibiotics and his vital signs were monitored but on december 22 he was found collapsed in the toilet .
a post mortem examination revealed he had died from septicaemia , or infection of the blood .
treatment : mr pattrick was found dead in a toilet cubicle in colchester general hospital in essex in 2010 .
the surgeon who performed the operation , dr james wright , told the inquest in chelmsford : ` in my opinion he was making good progress to getting better and going home .
' david patrick is pictured with his wife susan .
but mr pattrick