by .
simeon gholam .
follow @@ simgholam .
neil warnock has backed brendan rodgers to succeed roy hodgson as the next england manager , but does n't believe the liverpool boss will be leaving his post any time soon .
in an interview with talksport , warnock spoke about england 's world cup failure , and how they can go forward from it .
but he also does n't believe that hodgson will leave the job ` in a million years .
' when called upon to name who he thought should be england 's next manager , the former leeds and qpr boss felt that the fa need look no further than merseyside .
video scroll down for roy hodgson : i will continue leading england .
next in line ?
brendan rodgers should be the next england manager , according to neil warnock .
possibility : everton boss roberto martinez could also take the helm .
contender : hull boss steve bruce could also be a possibility .
he said : ' i think if you look at brendan rodgers at liverpool and roberto martinez at everton .
they wont leave , but -lsb- the fa should -rsb- give somebody like that a five-year contract and say `` go with the kids '' .
` he -lrb- rodgers -rrb- changed liverpool around .
he went in there and knew how they wanted to play straight away , got andy carroll out and got them playing .
` and on the international scene it 's got to be like that .
` his major .
problem is if luis suarez is now swallowed up by real madrid or .
barcelona , because if he is , liverpool will not be anywhere near the same .
team .
` like with gareth bale , when they want somebody they go out and .
get them .
if i was brendan i 'd be more concerned than i was last .
summer .
' tough to take : wayne rooney -lrb- centre -rrb- and steven gerrard -lrb- right -rrb- look dejected after losing to uruguay .
safe : hodgson 's position as manager i secure , according to fa chairman greg dyke .
warnock also believes that rodgers will be ` delighted ' if his captain steven gerrard calls time on his international career .
` the temptation will be