a thrill seeker has been left in a critical condition in intensive care after a freak gust of wind slammed him into a sea wall as he was kitesurfing .
mark warren , 45 , broke both his legs and suffered two broken ribs after being picked up and launched into the solid concrete seawall at chalkwell beach in essex .
mr warren was immediately airlifted to addenbrooke 's hospital , cambridge , with life-threatening injuries after the horrific incident .
the freak accident happened in chalkwell beach , after the strong gust of wind slammed the kitesurfer into a concrete wall .
doctors say he remains in a critical , but stable , condition and is due to have an operation to repair his heart valve in the next couple of days .
the keen kitesurfer - who has more than eight years ' experience - is believed to have been caught out by a freak gust of wind during treacherous conditions on wednesday afternoon .
concerned brother ian , 47 , from billericay , essex , said : ` he had never been injured before .
` this was just a freak gust of wind that caught him at the wrong moment .
` mark has been kitesurfing for about eight years and he also loves playing golf and football .
` he is so full of life and looks so much younger than he is .
' kitesurfing expert simon mudd , who runs the nearby essex kitesurf school , said even experienced surfers can be caught out by freak gusts of wind .
he said : ` this accident involved an experienced kitesurfer - it was a freak thing which just caught him out .
' the keen kitesurfer -lrb- not pictured here -rrb- who has more than eight years ¿ experience and has never been injured before .
meanwhile police continue to search for a missing 52-year-old man who got into trouble in water off southend yesterday - less than two miles down the coast from chalkwell .
a full blown search and rescue operation was launched at 11.30 am yesterday after a member of the public spotted a man desperately clinging to a mooring buoy around 400 yards out to sea .
two rnli lifeboats , southend coastguard , a search and rescue helicopter from raf wattisham , in suffolk , and a boat