by .
emma clark .
published : .
16:08 est , 24 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
01:41 est , 25 october 2012 .
ellie tweed , 18 , was killed when she became trapped inside the car which caught fire moments after crashing into a lorry .
a teenager who killed a friend in a car crash following an all-night halloween party said she will ` never forgive herself ' as she was jailed today .
eleanor coleman , 19 , had taken ecstasy and cannabis while out celebrating with friends in norwich town centre wearing fancy dress costumes .
but as she drove home at around 5am her fiat punto veered off the road and crashed into the back of a parked lorry .
the car burst into flames and lorry driver peter jolly managed to save coleman 's life by dragging her out of the car moments before it exploded .
he called to passers-by for help , who were able to pull other passengers out of the smashed car , a court heard .
but front seat passenger ellie tweed , 18 , was trapped inside the burning car and died , norwich crown court heard .
coleman was given 15 months custody today after she admitted causing the death by careless driving .
judge peter jacobs said : ` you were tired and not in the mindset to drive at all .
` you will regret this for the rest of your life .
' the horror smash happened on november 1 last year on the a47 in runham , near great yarmouth , suffolk .
coleman , who had been partying in norwich , suffered a head injury and has no recollection of what happened .
tests showed she had taken ecstasy and cannabis although there was no evidence that was under the influence when the crash happened .
miss tweed died inside the fiant punto which was unreocognisable after following the crash .
it is unknown what caused the crash but the three other passengers received serious injuries and those sitting in the back had not worn seat-belts .
a letter written by coleman , which was had handed to the judge and read aloud in court , said : ` i hate myself for everything that has happened and will never forgive myself .
' after the case steve