an overjoyed mother who had given up after suffering multiple miscarriages in six years has finally given birth .
stephanie maundrell-merritt had decided to stop trying to have more children after she tragically lost eight babies in pregnancy , all between the ages of six and 12 weeks .
the heartbroken 38-year-old and her husband adam had decided to move on with their lives when mrs maundrell-merritt fell pregnant unexpectedly .
stephanie maundrell-merritt is overjoyed after giving birth to daughter ophelia hope after suffering multiple miscarriages .
nine months later and , in the early hours on new year 's eve , the long-awaited baby ophelia hope was born to the ecstatic couple .
` all we had was hope - that 's why her middle name is hope , ' explained mrs maundrell-merritt who said she spent her whole pregnancy in fear of losing her daughter .
' i look at her and see she 's the reason the others did n't go right because without the miscarriages she would n't be here .
` it 's been a real shock - i spent nine months in denial hoping against hope .
it only dawned on me that i was having my baby when i was actually in labour .
' stephanie , of ipswich , suffolk , had suffered her first miscarriage with her ex-husband , the father of her 18-year-old son josh caley .
happy families : mrs maundrell - merritt with baby ophelia hope , husband adam -lrb- left -rrb- and stephanie 's son josh caley -lrb- right -rrb- who were all delighted to welcome the latest addition to the family .
but she went onto lose a staggering seven more babies after marrying mr merritt until the couple finally agreed to stop trying to start their own little family .
` because of the hormones i got to a point where i said ' i ca n't do this any more , ' added stephanie .
` we just said ` we have tried everything ' .
` we were at peace .
we were n't going to have our own child and you 're trying to move on with your life .
' the mother-of-two said medical experts could never exactly pinpoint why she was having so many miscarriages .
` that 's what i found the hardest .
it got to the point