2014 has seen another 12 months of tantalising sporting action .
from events such as the world cup to the commonwealth games and ryder cup - there has been a plethora of moments that have captivated us all .
sportsmail have captured these historic moments step-by-step through our own brilliant photography team .
below , sportsmail 's andy hooper picks out his favourite taken images from 2014 .
video scroll down to see the making of sportsmail 's andy hooper 's iconic commonwealth games image .
sportsmail 's andy hooper photographed some of england 's stars ahead of this summer 's commonwealth games held in glasgow .
the favourite of my images this year has to be hadrian 's wall , not because it 's my best image but because it 's creative , took a lot of planning , was technical to shoot and retouch .
this image was used as a preview to the glasgow 2014 commonwealth games in the summer .
it 's supposed to be a bit of fun with participating athletes dressed up in st george 's cross kilts and kit !
i wanted the english team to look warrior-like and invading the games by leaping over hadrian 's wall .
including preparation , planning and shooting this image took three months .
athletes are spread all over the country and were involved in heavy training in the lead up to the games so i could only photograph them individually at their respective training camps .
as these were all elite athletes it was impossible to get them to hadrian 's wall , they only get one day off a week and the last thing they want to be doing is spend it travelling to scotland .
the invictus games took place in september celebrating the sporting achievements of men and women who have been injured in battle .
this summer 's world cup was held in brazil , a local lad showcases his samba skills on a beach ahead of england 's match against italy .
despite a poor world cup , wayne rooney has since reached 100 england caps - here he visits his old primary school our lady of st swithins , in liverpool ahead of his century of appearances for the three lions .
rooney celebrates with the england fans after scoring their third goal in a 3-1 win at scotland