a japanese passenger plead guilty friday to assaulting a flight attendant while in a drunken stupor on a flight from osaka , japan , to honolulu , hawaii .
the passenger , kenji okamoto , 30 , plead guilty in federal court to interfering with the duties of a flight attendant by assaulting and intimidating him .
according to a criminal complaint , okamoto , who is from kyoto , was flying first-class on a delta air lines flight from .
osaka for his honeymoon last month when flight attendants noticed he was .
drunk before takeoff .
drunken passenger kenji okamoto , 30 , was arrested after assaulting a flight attendant during a transpacific flight .
okamoto had been drinking in celebration of recent marriage and upcoming honeymoon .
okamoto told authorities later that before .
boarding the plane , he had four glasses of beer and one glass of wine .
he continued drinking champagne and wine upon boarding the plane .
on the flight , okamoto got upset when one of the flight attendants would n't take his .
meal tray away .
this caused okamoto to allegedly throw ' a roundhouse type punch ' at another flight attendant who intervened in an attempt to diffuse the .
situation .
okamoto struck the flight attendant in his arms , which were raised to protect his head , according to the complaint .
after being restrained by crew members , okamoto apologized while crying , remained calm for the remainder of the flight .
and eventually fell asleep .
` okamoto apologized for .
his actions by repeatedly saying ` i 'm sorry ' and bowed down on his knees .
and placed his head on the floor , ' the complaint said .
during an interview with authorities , okamoto said he 's in the .
construction business and was ` drinking heavily because he was .
celebrating his honeymoon with his wife ... that he married on april 20 , .
2014 .
' the federal detention center , in honolulu , hawaii .
okamoto was denied bond after being arrested due to lying about previous criminal convictions he had gotten in japan .
the incident happened `` like a flash , '' said okamoto .
he claimed not to remember what exactly happened but that he .
was upset because he felt like he was