scotland 's ukip leader is today facing calls to resign after he compared the country 's only muslim minister to the convicted terrorist abu hamza .
in conversation with the scottish daily mail , david coburn , who was elected as an mep last year , referred to ` humza yousaf , or as i call him , abu hamza ' .
mr yousaf , the snp 's minister for europe and international development , said the ` islamophobic ' comment was one of the worst insults he had ever received .
david coburn -lrb- left -rrb- , scotland 's ukip leader , is facing calls to resign after he compared the country 's only muslim minister , humza yousaf -lrb- right -rrb- , to convicted terrorist abu hamza .
he has written to party leader nigel farage to call for mr coburn to be expelled and is also planning to complain to the eu ombudsman and european parliament president martin schulz .
the row comes in the same week that mr farage was embroiled in a racism row , after he suggested most of britain 's race relations laws should be scrapped .
first minister nicola sturgeon said comparing her colleague to a ` convicted terrorist ' was ` reprehensible ' and said mr coburn should ` face consequences for that ' and be kicked out of ukip .
last night , mr coburn -- who is also standing to be the mp for falkirk in may 's general election -- offered his ` sincerest apologies ' for his comment .
ironically , earlier this year he sparked controversy by branding the snp a ` racist party ' .
hook-handed abu hamza was earlier this year handed a life sentence by a new york judge for supporting terrorism .
abu hamza was this year handed a life sentence by a new york judge for supporting terrorism .
the hate cleric was convicted last may of multiple charges , including hostage-taking and plotting to set up a terrorism training camp in america .
his trial followed his extradition from the uk to the us in 2012 at the end of an eight-year legal battle .
mr coburn 's comment was made during a telephone conversation , in which he spoke about his appearance on bbc two show the big immigration debate on tuesday .
he claimed that mr yousaf was