lerner offered a defensive opening statement during a may 22 house oversight committee hearing , and then refused to answer questions .
republcians argued that she waived her fifth amendment rights .
lois lerner , the irs official who presided over a partisan program that targeted conservative organizations because of their political beliefs , will retire on monday with a full pension package , a source at the department of treasury told mailonline .
lerner , 62 , has been a federal government employee since at least 1981 , making her eligible for the most robust retirement package the federal government offers career employees .
in may lerner herself launched the scandal that would eventually claim her job , by answering a planted question about how the irs handled politically oriented groups that applied for tax-exempt status .
in less than a day , tea party groups were complaining loudly that their applications had been stalled , in some cases for more than three years .
less than two weeks later , lerner refused to testify in a congressional hearing about the irs 's conduct , invoking her fifth amendment right against self-incrimination .
but by making an opening statement defending herself , house republicans said , she waived that right .
congressional staff told reporters .
that an internal irs review board had concluded lerner was guilty of .
neglecting her duties , and was about to propose that she should be .
fired .
scroll down for video .
the irs scandal has had the opposite effect on tea party groups from what lerner may have intended , galvanizing them against what they see as an intrusive government .
tea party patriots held an ` audit the irs ' rally on june 19 in washington .
rep. sander levin , the ranking democrat on the house ways and means committee , told the washington times that while an accountability review board was set to recommend lerner 's ouster , it found no evidence of political bias .
lerner .
is still subject to subpoena and may return to testify in either the .
house ways and means or oversight committee .
that investigation could .
have resulted in her termination .
initially , .
she claimed that the irs 's politically skewed targeting of conservative .
groups was driven by a handful of rogue employees in the cincinnati