madcap matt cotterell has created a unique memento of 2014 - by taking a selfie every day of the year and posting the pictures on facebook .
the 27-year-old set himself the challenge to take a daily snap of himself to document his activities over the last 12 months .
the 365 snaps include selfies with relatives and professional footballers and djs , at family weddings and on holiday .
scroll down for video .
madcap wannabe dj matt cotterell took a picture of himself every day for a year so he can remember 2014 .
matt took pictures of himself at various events , here he is celebrating halloween in wolverhampton .
matt , who works at western power distribution , posted his first picture on 1 january last year of him posing at his favourite football club wolverhampton wanderers fc .
he managed to secure his sporting heroes , former wolves legend , steve bull and the team 's striker nouha dicko , for two photos .
matt 's selection of snaps also acts as a reminder of the fads and crazes that defined 2014 , and included the als ice bucket challenge , which took the web by storm throughout august .
matt , of codsall , staffs , said : ` the idea started off as a joke suggestion really but my friends seemed to like it and encouraged me to take it up .
` i 'm not a keen photographer by any means and at first i was struggling for ideas but by the end of january i could n't give up , i was in too deep .
matt started 2014 in the wolves ticket office with sporting heroes steve bull , left , and nouha dicko , right .
matt took a screen shot from a video so he could have a photograph of himself doing the ice bucket challenge .
matt went on to say : ' i started the year working at the wolves ticket office , and got to meet some footballing idols , like steve bull and nouha dicko .
' i have had a lot of fun , i guess i picked quite a good year in general .
looking back , i seem to have spent the majority of my time with friends , family and work colleagues .
` the ice bucket challenge one was