a group of black attorneys have called for the second officer connected to the fatal shooting of south carolina father walter scott to be arrested .
national bar association officials said that officer clarence habersham , 37 , who was the second policeman to arrive at the dead man 's body after shooter michael slager , should be fired and prosecuted for filing a false report .
the call comes after slager , who has been fired from the north charleston police and charged with murder last week , is thought to have falsified reports on the circumstances that led to scott 's death .
warning : graphic content below .
scroll down for video .
the national bar association is calling for north chareston officer clarence habersham , 37 -lrb- right -rrb- to be arrested for falsifying a report about the actions of michael slager , 33 -lrb- left -rrb- , during the death of walter scott .
habersham -lrb- right -rrb- was the second office to arrive at the body of scott , 50 , and did not report slager 's actions leading up to the shooting .
scott , 50 , a coast guard veteran , was pulled over for a broken tail light last saturday by slager , who shot him five times in the back as he ran away from the traffic stop .
the father of four 's death sparked nationwide debate about police brutality and bias against black people after a witness published video contradicting the police account of the event .
slager , 33 , who is white , said that he felt ` threatened ' by scott , who is black , during a confrontation over his taser , but video shows the civilian running away before being shot .
habersham , who approached the body after slager went to go grab the taser that fell , can be seen examining scott .
slager then drops the taser next to the dead body in the presence of habersham .
habersham then used his radio to report that scott had gunshot wounds to his chest , right side , and backside .
however , the black officer gave a two-sentence supplemental report and said that he tried to render aid to the body , which no one in the video does .
on april 4 , 2015 i officer habersham responded to