by .
charlotte kemp .
splashed out on a new sheer summer dress ?
dug out those white trousers for the weekend ?
then you , like me , risk the scourge of sunshine dressing : the dreaded visible panty line -lrb- vpl -rrb- .
while winter woollies and thick fabrics hide all manner of underwear sins , your summer wardrobe is another matter entirely .
vpl was cited as sixties supermodel twiggy 's pet hate this week , when she advised women of a certain age to spend as much time looking in a rear view mirror before leaving the house , as they do in their bathroom one .
but how do you banish vpl ?
the good news is there 's an astonishing array of ` invisible ' knickers said to be undetectable beneath even the flimsiest of clothing .
summer scourge : charlotte is n't loving this unsightly case of vpl .
but are these new breed of second skin undies really as effective as they are claimed to be?i road-tested 12 pairs ranging from # 3 to # 75 under a sheer frock and a pair of tight white trousers to find out which work and which do n't .
florence and fred no vpl nude knickers , # 3 , tesco.com .
these .
are a hipster style with a generous cut where it counts across the .
rear .
the material has been laser cut so there are no seams , meaning the .
knickers sit flat against the skin .
the lace panel might show up under .
some dresses but was totally invisible under light-coloured trousers .
great value , too -- i 'm stocking up .
score : 5/5 .
sloggi invisible light hipster in camel , # 9 , sockshop.co.uk .
i tried the shimmery caramel shade , which was a little dark for my skin tone but would look very natural against tanned skin .
these .
have laser cut , scalloped edges at the back to avoid the seams that can .
give that tell-tale line under clothes and there 's no label to get in .
the way either -- the washing instructions are printed on the fabric .
instead .
but they are let down by the vertical back seam visible beneath .
the sheer dress .
quite .
tight and high cut at the