zimbabwe 's president marked his 91st birthday celebrations with a terrifying speech in which he threatened to seize land and animal sanctuaries owned by white people .
thousands of loyal supporters attended the $ 1million party at the lavish resort town of victoria falls near the world-famous waterfall .
in the televised address , robert mugabe vowed to ` invade ' the farms and animal sanctuaries still owned by whites - who he claims still own vast amounts of the country 's land .
he added : ` zimbabwe has lots of safaris but very few are african .
most are white-owned .
in our region , we have the most safaris and animals .
our people can not keep suffering .
' scroll down for video .
oppressive : zimbabwe 's president robert mugabe threatened to evict white farmers from their lands during a speech on his 91st birthday party .
living in luxury : mugabe addressed thousands of loyal supporters at the $ 1million party at the lavish resort town of victoria falls .
celebration : the youth officials who organised the elaborate affair encouraged mugabe to hold his position as president until he dies .
threats : in the televised address , robert mugabe vowed to ` invade ' the farmland and animal sanctuaries still owned by white people .
when the country gained independence in 1980 , white farmers who made up less than one per cent of the population owned around 70 per cent of the best farming land .
but in april 2000 , mugabe and his zanu-pf party pushed through controversial land reform which allowed the government to confiscate white-owned land and distribute it to black farmers without having to pay them compensation .
now the commercial farmers union which represents white farmers in the country says fewer than 300 , out of the previous 4,500 , remain one land following the purge .
during the hour-long speech on february 21 , mugage said he would allow whites to keep their animal sanctuaries if the united states removes sanctions imposed on him , his wife and members of his inner circle .
flanked by his two deputies , senior government officials , his children and wife grace , he added : ` we can do things for ourselves .
we do n't need the white man to continue to guide us .
'