manchester united fans have claimed that they are being ripped off after first yeovil town and then cambridge united hiked ticket prices for their fa cup clashes with the premier league giants .
louis van gaal 's side will travel to the abbey stadium to face the league two minnows in a fourth round clash on january 23 and away supporters have hit out after being charged # 30 .
although that figure is considerably less than admission at most premier league clubs furious united followers point out that fans of luton , cambridge 's opponents in the third round , paid # 19 .
manchester united fans have reacted angrily after finding out their clash at cambridge will cost # 30 for a ticket .
the view of the terrace at the r costings abbey stadium which will be packed to the rafters ... but it will cost united fans more to attend than it did luton in the third round .
they are also seething about their own third round trip to huish park .
tickets there were also priced at # 30 -- double the # 15 accrington stanley fans had been asked to pay in the second round .
one united fan , @fergusmufc , took to twitter to vent his frustrations .
he tweeted : ' i see the magic of the cup means cambridge can increase they 're -lrb- sic -rrb- ticket prices by over 50 % like yeovil and no one says a word .
' ` in the grand scheme of what we are charged week in week out # 30 is n't the worse but it 's the principal of the increase .
' the tunnel where the cambridge and manchester united players will line up prior to the fa cup fourth round .
the r costings abbey stadium - home of league two side cambridge united , who will host united .
andrew kilduff , from fans group stretford end flags , pointed out that the match would cause a transport nightmare for united supporters .
` we often hear the fa referring to the magic of the fa cup , ' he said .
` that magic is created not just by the teams competing but by the fans .
scheduling the game for a friday night with such away travel issues is not good for travelling fans .