by .
bianca london .
published : .
10:59 est , 29 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
11:34 est , 29 january 2014 .
it seems they do n't call it retail therapy for nothing : shopping really does make us happy .
so , ladies , you never have to feel guilty about hitting the shopping centre again because new research claims that it can reduce our sadness .
the piece of research , called the benefits of retail therapy : making purchase decisions reduces residual sadness , which features in the journal of consumer psychology , claims that shopping helps us exert control and therefore reduces feelings of sadness .
retail therapy ... literally : a new study has found that shopping can actually boost our mood and reduce sadness .
` sadness is strongly associated with a sense that situational forces control the outcomes in one 's life .
thus shopping , by restoring control over one 's situation , can reduce sadness , ' the researchers explain .
the study showed two groups : ` browsers ' - window shoppers - and ` choosers ' , twelve different items .
the study found that 79 percent of the choosers felt that they were more in control while choosing , while just 2 percent of the browsers felt that way .
researchers also found that the choosers were three times less sad than the browsers .
the perfect excuse to hit the shops ?
researchers claim that sadness is strongly associated with a sense that situational forces control the outcomes in one 's life .
thus shopping , by restoring control over one 's situation , can reduce sadness .
according to the huffington post , this is backed up by a 2011 paper that claimed shopping helps boost our mood and that ` the consumption of self-treats can be strategically motivated .
' while treating ourselves to .
something nice may improve our mood , there has also been plenty of contradictory research over the years .
a study from the .
university of chicago suggests that shopping as a cure for loneliness is .
futile - and could in fact make us feel more lonely .
in .
fact , the very act of fending off loneliness by shopping can create a .
vicious cycle where one shops because they are lonely