by .
jonathan o'callaghan .
teaching kids to ride a bike is a tricky business .
and showing them how to brake and stop can be equally challenging .
but now a company has designed a new product that can stop them riding into danger with an automatic brake .
scroll down for video .
the minibrake , pictured , is a device designed to keep your child safe by slowing their bike to a stop .
called minibrake , the $ 80 -lrb- # 50 -rrb- device is a remote-controlled bike brake system .
it is composed of two parts , a remote control for the parent and a small brake on the rear of the bike .
using the control , a parent can stop their kid heading for danger .
the product , the company claims , brings the bike to a safe and smooth stop .
this ensures that , even if travelling at speed , ` your kid will not fall over when the brake is applied , ' they say on their indiegogo crowdfunding page .
the makers must raise $ 75,000 -lrb- # 45,000 -rrb- in order for production of the device to begin , however .
the brake stops the bike when a parent presses the button on the remote control or when it goes out of range .
when switching on the product , it automatically tests itself for right operation .
the product automatically stops the bicycle when the batteries run out .
when reaching the 164ft -lrb- 50m -rrb- range , the product automatically stops the bicycle .
as an extra safety measure , when anything blocks the signal .
between the remote control and the bike , the brake is automatically .
applied .
a moving bike is safely and smoothly stopped approximately within 20in -lrb- 50cm -rrb- .
the product automatically switches off when the bike is not in use to .
avoid batteries running out of power due to an unswitched button .
the product contains a ` black box ' , which logs all braking events .
to install the device an allen key is needed to screw it onto the back of small bicycles .
a simple friction brake is then raised or lowered to slow the bike .
the brake is lowered when the parent pushes the button on the remote control if