the biggest ever foreign takeover of a british company is on the cards after american drugs giant pfizer revealed it was preparing a # 60billion bid for astrazeneca .
london-based astrazeneca , which produces drugs combating diabetes , high cholesterol and cancer for millions of patients , has already rejected two offers from the maker of viagra this year , saying they ` very significantly undervalued astrazeneca and its prospects ' .
and yesterday , pfizer 's chief executive ian read admitted that if its takeover bid was successful there are no guarantees that thousands of manufacturing jobs at astrazeneca will remain in the uk .
overtures : pfizer has admitted making two multi-0billion pound approaches for uk rival astrazenica .
the firm is one of the largest in britain and one of the world 's biggest pharmaceutical companies .
it has eight factories in the uk and has expanded across the globe to sell billions of pounds worth of its products in more than 100 countries .
if the deal goes ahead it will be the latest in a long line of british firms to have fallen prey to foreign takeovers , including cadbury and boots the chemist .
a merger would create the world 's biggest pharmaceuticals firm , worth # 150billion .
pfizer , whose best-known drug is erectile dysfunction treatment viagra , decided to go public about its takeover intentions after astrazeneca ` declined to engage ' in full-blown merger talks .
however , the gmb trade union claimed a deal would see the us giant shift uk-based jobs to the far east .
a spokesman said : ` this is not good news .
' in 2011 , pfizer closed its main research plant in sandwich , kent , with the loss of 2,400 jobs .
pfizer now has 28 days to either table a firm offer or walk away .
once it has made an official bid , astrazeneca would need to seek approval from its shareholders .
business secretary vince cable said : ` my priority is ensuring there are high-skilled jobs and long-term investment in research and development in the uk .
the chief executive of pfizer has informed me of his intentions , and i have emphasised the importance of these points .
' by alex brummer .
if ever there was a moment to be fearful for britain 's future