by .
amanda williams .
an investigation has been launched after a mother claimed her two-month-old baby was dragged down the road by a bus while still in her pram .
karen sharp said she had only managed to get the front half of her daughter 's pram off the bus in barrow town centre , when she claims the driver pulled away - taking her with him .
she said only screams from other concerned passengers alerted the driver to his mistake - saving two-month-old isabelle from a serious injury .
the bus firm disputes her version of events .
karen sharp had only managed to get the front half of her daughter 's pram off the bus in barrow town centre , when she said the driver pulled away - taking her with him .
mrs sharp , from barrow , said she was left shaken by the incident .
she said : ` my daughter and i had got on the bus to go for lunch with no problem .
` but when we went to get off i had only got the front of the pram off the bus and i was still taking the back end off when the driver pulled away .
` everybody on the bus was screaming and shouting for him to stop .
' the incident happened at around 11.20 am on wednesday and was witnessed by at least six passengers .
only screams from other concerned passengers saved two-month-old isabelle from a serious injury by alerting the stagecoach bus driver to his mistake .
mrs sharp 's daughter was diagnosed with down 's syndrome at birth and has undergone a number of tests for associated medical problems , which she and her husband aaron are still awaiting results for .
the little girl was shaken as the pram was dragged alongside the bus but unharmed , mrs sharp said .
mrs sharp , 34 , said : ` this could have been so much worse .
i 'm not looking for the driver to be sacked , i want him to realise that next time he could cause someone serious damage .
' only screams from other concerned passengers saved two-month-old isabelle from a serious injury by alerting the driver to his mistake .
a spokesman for stagecoach said : ` we are sorry for any distress this customer experienced