the professional footballers ' association has launched a major political drive for rule changes to ensure a minimum of four home-grown players in starting line-ups for every club match from the premier league down .
pfa chief executive gordon taylor met jon cruddas , the mp leading the labour party 's policy review , on monday to push the union 's position aimed at increasing the number of english players at the top of the professional game .
taylor also plans to meet the government to argue the case for quotas of home-grown players , with each starting xi having four with at least one trained by the club .
james milner was one of only four home-grown players on the pitch when manchester city met chelsea .
gordon taylor says milner 's man of the match performance shows english players should get a chance .
it would need the agreement of the football association , the premier league and the football league to bring in the rules , but winning political support from the main parties would be a big boost to the pfa .
taylor said fa chairman greg dyke 's announcement of moves to reduce the number of non-european union players in english football was welcome but ' a drop in the ocean ' and that radical action is needed .
taylor told press association sport : ` the key is starting on the field of play and to have at least four home-grown players of which one should be club-grown .
with so much money going into youth development we need to see some return from that .
` look at sunday , there were only four english players in the manchester city v chelsea teams and the best player on the pitch was one of them , james milner .
` we have a meeting with the head of the labour party 's policy review about our concerns on youth development .
the fall-out rate has been so high that if we were a university we would probably have been closed down .
pfa chief executive gordon taylor complained that the fall-out rate for english talent is much too high .
greg dyke has announce plans to limit the number of non-eu players but the pfa say it is n't enough .
` unless we tweak the system with regards to quotas i do n't