chelsea return to anfield on saturday seven months after wrecking the kop 's title dream , with jose mourinho 's players promising a lesson in how to handle the pressure of title race .
a prickly media exchange between mourinho and brendan rodgers , friends and colleagues turned foes , followed the clash last april when the liverpool boss accused the londoners of ` parking two buses ' and said it was ` not difficult ' to coach a team to defend in numbers .
rodgers eventually sent a conciliatory message to his former mentor , but he must have been bruised by the defeat .
perhaps , in some ways , his team are still feeling the effects .
they have won only seven of 18 since .
jose mourinho -lrb- left -rrb- and chelsea ruined liverpool 's title dream last season in a spiky encounter .
steven gerrard 's slip allowed demba ba to race through and score the opening goal in a 2-0 victory .
ba 's strike changed the complexion of the game and allowed chelsea to pick liverpool off on the counter .
with the defeat liverpool blew their big chance to win a premier league title for the first time since 1990 .
and chelsea midfielder nemanja matic has stoked the fires again ahead of saturday lunchtime 's re-run , with an apparent jibe at liverpool 's attitude after last season 's encounter .
` nobody 's happy when you lose a game and they were n't happy after that game , ' said matic .
` many teams have tried to park the bus in front of the goal against us , but we win .
it 's not easy .
if you defend you have to know how to defend .
it was 2-0 .
we showed we have quality .
' liverpool were top of the barclays premier league in april , closing in on a first title since 1990 , when mourinho sent out a weakened team in a fixture which preceded a champions league semi-final .
it was a clash laced with enmity , with chelsea upset the game had not been moved to help their preparations for atletico madrid and rodgers angry with mourinho 's defensive tactics .
this time , the londoners are top of the league , unbeaten in 17 games this season and confident they