by .
victoria woollaston .
the fonz , played by henry winkler in happy days , pictured , is often considered cool .
a panel of experts recently voted apple the coolest brand in the uk -- but what makes a company cool ?
recent findings from chicago researchers suggest that coolness goes hand-in-hand with autonomy ; breaking the rules and going against the social norm .
but they claim that rule breaking and being different is only tolerated by consumers , when it is done for positive or worthy reasons .
` the marketplace values cool brands , ' said authors caleb warren from texas a&m university , and margaret campbell from the university of colorado .
' a cool image helped solidify harley davidson 's status as an iconic brand , rejuvenate sales of pabst blue ribbon , and vault apple into the ranking of ` the best global brand ' of 2013 .
` coolness excites consumers , adds symbolic currency to products , and drives consumer trends - everyone wants it , even if they ca n't define what ` cool ' actually is .
although researchers do not agree on a specific definition , previous studies have found four defining properties .
the first , according to the recent study , is that coolness is socially constructed and is not an inherent feature of an object or person - meaning objects and people are cool only to the extent that others consider them to be .
a panel of experts recently voted apple , maker of the iphone 5c , picutred , the coolest brand in the uk .
recent findings from chicago researchers suggest coolness goes hand-in-hand with autonomy and breaking the rules .
but they claim rule breaking is only tolerated by brands when it is done for positive reasons .
participants were shown a variety of water bottle shapes , pictured , that had the logos and branding removed , and were asked to rate each one in terms of coolness .
the researchers found a direct link between the bottles that were described as ` weird ' and ` unique ' and high cool ratings .
secondly , coolness is subjective and dynamic , and changes over time , and thirdly , coolness is perceived to be a positive quality .
finally , the researchers concluded that coolness requires more than