by .
snejana farberov .
hundreds of people armed with paddle boards gathered at doheny state beach , california , friday to pay tribute to the late surfing and sailing legend hobart ` hobie ' alter .
alter , who helped popularize water sports with the development of the foam surfboard and the ` hobie cat ' sailboat , passed away from cancer march 29 at his palm desert home .
he was 80 years old .
according to alter 's loved ones , he had always wanted to have a traditional hawaiian paddle-out memorial , which is exactly what he got friday at dana point .
scroll down for video .
hawaiian send-off : hundreds of surfers and rowers gathered around a hobie cat catamaran , off the shore of doheny state beach , calif. , to celebrate the life of surf and sailing entrepreneur and pioneer hobie alter .
last wish : before he passed away at age 80 last month , alter said he wanted a traditional paddle-out memorial held .
pioneer : hobart ` hobie ' alter -lrb- center -rrb- , pictured with his sisters carolyn wise -lrb- left -rrb- and lillian spencer -lrb- right -rrb- in december 2013 , has died aged 80 .
surfers from all over the world floated flowers in the water and raised their paddles in the air to salute the late pioneer of their sport .
his son , hobie jr , told cbs los angeles he never imagined so many people would come out to honor his father .
alter sr 's family released bowls filled with hawaiian soil , sand , ocean water and salt representing purification , the orange county register reported .
hawaiian priest eric keawe performed a prayer song as swarms of surfers in bright wetsuits floated in the clear blue water friday evening .
hobie cat catamarans festooned with .
multi-colored sails were scattered around the beach , while the first .
surfboard ever made by alter was on display at the surfing heritage .
foundation booth nearby .
fitting tribute : surfers from all over the world floated flowers in the water and raised their paddles in the air to salute their hero .
wide following : people from all over the world came out to california to take part in the floating tribute .
relic : the first surfboard ever made by