for a generation of women , carrie bradshaw was synonymous with sex , shopping and , above all else , shoes .
her walk-in wardrobe may have been crammed with designer clothes and handbags , but her skyscraper manolos , louboutins and jimmy choos were the real stars of sex and the city .
so it 's no surprise that sarah jessica parker has designed her own shoe range inspired by her character 's collection .
but are they anywhere near as stylish -- and are they as agonising to walk in as carrie 's towering shoes looked ?
ruby warrington puts them to the test ... will ruby warrington 's -lrb- right -rrb- feet survive the shoes of carrie bradshaw -lrb- left -rrb- ?
floral and feminine : sarah jessica parker teaming a floral dress with monochrome shoes on the set of sex and the city .
the maud , # 225the look : dainty and a very sensible three-and-a-quarter inch heel height .
the toe has a classy criss-cross effect and the delicate strap fastens with a gold buckle .
best for : everyday wear .
so comfortable and lightweight , i barely feel like i 'm wearing anything -- it 's like floating on air.worst for : rainy days -- but apart from that , a winner all round .
sjp shows it can be done!comfort rating : 5 .
a wardrobe must-have -- though the price is a little steep for me .
high and mighty : sarah jessica parker looks gorgeous with short hair and these fun wedge heels .
the inez , # 146the look : red suede espadrilles that make me feel like i 'm wearing fancy dress .
stylish , chic , sexy .
. .
these shoes are none of those things .
best for : nothing .
even for wedges , these are painfully uncomfortable.worst for : comfort and style .
they 're very narrow on the toe .
comfort rating : 2 .
not as painful as some , but for such relatively low heels at only three inches , they are awful .
classic carrie : carrie , the character played by sarah jessica parker in sex and the city had a ridiculous amount of shoes - so many she needed a whole wardrobe to house them !
the diana , # 217the look : very sexy black