lance armstrong has accused world cycling chief brian cookson of showing too much leniency in the sport 's ongoing battle against drugs .
cookson , the former head of british cycling , has left himself open to such accusations after the international cycling union allowed astana to retain their world tour licence despite five of their riders testing positive for banned substances .
and armstrong even cited the uci 's decision to ` rush ' through team sky 's request for chris froome to get emergency steroid treatment for asthma .
lance armstrong has blasted world cycling chief brian cookson role in the sport 's fight against drugs .
armstrong believes cookson -lrb- pictured -rrb- has been too lenient and has lamented him for certain decisions .
cookson 's predeccesor pat mcquiad -lrb- pictured -rrb- would have been ` lynched ' for decisions , says armstrong .
speaking in his latest interview , this time with the bbc , armstrong said cookson 's predecessor -- pat mcquaid -- would have been ` lynched ' had it happened on his watch .
` if mcquaid had made the same decisions cookson has made in his first year , he would have been lynched , ' said the man stripped of his seven tour de france titles for drug use .
do we like what we have got so far ?
' armstrong rode for astana after a four-year break from the sport in 2009 , but the team that is run by convicted drug cheat alexander vinokourov have seen five of their riders caught by testers in the last year .
it is also the team that boasts the winner of last year 's tour , vincenzo nibali .
armstrong said ` everybody thinks ' astana should have been kicked off the world tour , while he also criticised cookson for failing to get team managers like vinokourov and tinkoff-saxo 's bjarne riis -lrb- another former doper -rrb- to cooperate with the panel set up by the uci to investigate cycling 's drug culture .
armstrong was banned from the sport and stripped of his seven tour de france titles in 2012 .
the american has talked to the cycling independent reform commission twice and is now waiting to see if his efforts will be rewarded with a recommendation that his lifetime ban from sport should be reduced when circ delivers