the republican congressman tapped to deliver a spanish-language version of his party 's state of the union rebuttal tuesday night added in a little extra salsa , and it 's causing the gop some wednesday morning heartburn .
florida rep. carlos curbelo 's speech was billed as a ` spanish-language translated address ' offered alongside the higher-profile english delivery of iowa sen. joni ernst .
but he inserted lines about immigration and the white house 's new cuba policy days beforehand .
speaking in spanish , curbelo said republicans should ` work through the appropriate channels to create permanent solutions for our immigration system , to secure our borders , modernize legal immigration , and strengthen our economy .
' ` in the past , the president has expressed support for ideas like these , ' he said .
` now we ask him to cooperate with us to get it done .
' ernst did n't mention the contentious topic at all .
florida gop rep. carlos curbelo gave a spanish-language state of the union response address on tuesday night that did n't match the english version in several key respects -- adding lines about cuba and immigration .
iowa republican sen. joni ernst never mentioned president obama 's revamped cuba policy , and did n't advocate for changes in us immigration policy , but both items made it into the spanish ` translation ' curbelo raised hackles in the republican caucus after his election in november by suggesting that if president barack obama were to move unilaterally to mainstream millions of illegal immigrants , it might be perfectly legal .
` yeah , it can be -lrb- legal -rrb- , ' he told the hill newspaper in november , before obama outlined his ambitious proposal to guarantee 5 million or more people living in the u.s. illegally that they wo n't be deported while he 's in office .
curbelo added that obama should keep his powder dry and give the new congress a chance to act .
but he has already voted against legislation to undo obama 's executive actions , indicating that he favors giving many illegal immigrants residency paperwork and work permits .
the 34-year-old floridian also mentioned cuba on tuesday night , torching the obama administration for pledging to reestablish diplomatic ties there and open an embassy in havana .
curbelo called it `