the russian firm behind the world 's most widely used assault rifle has unveiled a plan for world domination -- in fashion .
siberian arms maker kalashnikov wants to expand business beyond its ak-47 rifles into a lifestyle brand as recognised and valuable as apple computers .
and even its most-famous product - arguably the world 's most widely used weapon of war - has been caught in the slick corporate makeover and rebranded a ` weapon of peace ' .
three brands : the company sells military , hunting and sport rifles under different names .
just like ck : investors watch at a corporate event to unveil the new corporate rebrand of kalashnikov .
shoppers will soon be able to buy kalashnikov-branded jumpers , trousers and sportswear as the firm struggles with a dip in russian military spending .
it has also been hit hard by us and eu sanctions that have affected the whole of the russian defence industry .
kalashnikov concern , the new name for the firm , unveiled a new red-and-black ` ck ' logo yesterday .
the firm said : ` the idea is that weapons should help keep the peace , uphold justice , dignity and the right to life .
` weapons make a man courageous , alert and create high sense of responsibility .
weapons protect the weak from the strong .
` with a weapon in hands , people can ensure a peaceful future for their families , the nation and the country .
' ` weapon of peace ' : the bizarre new slogan was adopted as part of the plan to be as big as apple computers .
guns : kalashnikov director alexey krivoruchko said that the company will also produce hunting accessories .
the company aims to increase revenue by a factor of four and expand production volumes of all items to 300,000 units per year .
sergey chemezov , head of rostec , the russian state-owned tech giant that holds a controlling stake in the company , said kalashnikov will make ` clothing for shooting sports and hunting ' .
kalashnikov director general alexey krivoruchko said that the company will also produce hunting accessories , including knives .
mr chemezov told ria novosti : ' a brand is a considerable asset for any leading company , although we have a long way to go to