a dallas nurse who recovered from ebola has been reunited with her dog bentley , who has spent 21 days in quarantine .
the king charles cavalier spaniel has undergone twice-daily check-ups by vets in hazmat suits at a secret naval base while his owner , nina pham , was treated for the deadly virus .
this morning , the pair were reunited privately on saturday at the secret location near the texan city where he had been isolated since she fell ill .
scroll down for video .
together again !
nina pham , 26 , clutches bentley as he is released from quarantine after 21 days .
thankful : the former ebola patient thanked vets for treating him as their own while she was in hospital .
private reunion : pham traveled to the naval base this morning to retrieve bentley from his isolation unit .
smiles : pham posed excitedly with her ` best friend ' mr bentley and one of the vets that cared for him .
as pham , 26 , underwent blood transfusions and hospital transfers to tackle the deadly virus , bentley underwent twice-daily check-ups by vets in hazmat suits at the decommissioned naval air base near dallas .
tearful , pham said at a news conference saturday that she was thankful for the thoughts and prayers for ` me and mr bentley , ' whom she called ` one of my best friends .
' pham was diagnosed with ebola last month .
she contracted the virus while caring for the liberian patient thomas eric duncan , who died on october 8 .
city spokeswoman sana syed said on thursday that the dog has tested negative for ebola and that his 21-day quarantine -- the ebola incubation period -- ends saturday .
pham recovered and was released october 24 from a washington , d.c.-area hospital .
ebola free : bentley , the cavalier king charles spaniel belonging to cured ebola patient nina pham , has been release from quarantine .
pictured above in a snap shared by dallas animal services on thursday .
where 's nina ?
pham had not been allowed to visit her dog as it could have caused bentley to become anxious .
under observation : workers in hazmat suits removed bentley from pham 's home , and took him to a special isolation room at a nearby naval