obama administration officials told a gathering of all 100 u.s. senators on wednesday that they were kept in the dark about saturday 's prisoner swap because the taliban warned that they would kill army sgt. bowe bergdahl if any information about the plan leaked to the public .
but georgia sen. saxby chambliss , the senior republican member of the senate intelligence committee , says he and california sen. dianne feinstein , his democratic counterpart on the committee , were told ` months and months ' in advance when the obama administration was planning to kill osama bin laden .
` it was like they did n't trust dianne and me , ' chambliss said during an interview on the fox news channel , describing his frustration with being kept out of the loop on the bergdahl hostage swap .
` and yet the two of us knew about the bin laden event leading up to the takedown of bin laden for months and months and months , ' he said .
yes to the al-qaeda raid , no to the taliban trade : sen. saxby chambliss told fox news that the obama administration briefed him and other senate intelligence committee leaders about the osama bin laden kill raid ` months ' in advance , and there were no public leaks .
navy seals killed terror mastermind osama bin laden in his pakistan bedroom in 2011 ; senators were briefed ` months and months ' in advance , chambliss said so finds it hard to fathom that he was n't trusted with plans for bergdahl 's release -lrb- right -rrb- .
` it 's just very puzzling about why they did n't notify anyone in congress about what was going on , ' chambliss added , referring to the negotiations for bergdahl 's release .
u.s. navy seals killed bin laden , the global leader of the al-qaeda terror network , may 2 , 2011 in a covert nighttime raid on his abbottabad , pakistan compound .
no information about that operation became public until president barack obama announced the news in a triumphant white house event .
the associated press first published an account of wednesday 's closed-door senate meeting where lawmakers heard explanations from from the white house about why the obama administration chose to carry out negotiations for bergdahl 's safe return in secret .
deputy national