by .
stephen adams .
a new investigation has been launched into child deaths following heart operations in bristol , almost 20 years after concerns were first raised there .
professor sir ian kennedy , who chaired the public inquiry into baby deaths at the bristol royal infirmary in the 1990s , will initially look at nine recent cases .
but a well-placed source said sir ian could end up investigating many more as other families came forward .
a new investigation has been launched into child deaths following heart operations .
it will focus on whether bristol children 's hospital had enough skilled nurses to care for very ill children .
the qc has been asked to head the independent review by nhs medical director professor sir bruce keogh , who agreed to the investigation after meeting bereaved families on friday .
when sir ian published his public inquiry report in 2001 he found that a ` club culture ' among surgeons had prevented young doctors from raising concerns about high death rates on the operating table .
the competence of bristol 's cardiac surgeons is unlikely to be called into question , however .
instead the new investigation will focus on whether bristol children 's hospital , sited next to the infirmary , had enough skilled nurses to care for very ill children .
families claim they had to clean up vomit and even give medicines themselves because of a lack of nursing staff .
several said their children were taken out of intensive care too soon .
in a disturbing echo of the original scandal , parents also claim their concerns have been ignored .
professor sir ian kennedy , who chaired the public inquiry into baby deaths at the bristol royal infirmary in the 1990s , will initially look at nine recent cases .
prof keogh said he agreed to the review after listening to the ` dignified and powerful ' arguments of bereaved families .
` it was clear .
. .
such a review would need to be independent of the nhs .
it must be led by the families .
it must be their review , ' he added .
among the deaths sir ian will investigate are those of sean turner and luke jenkins .
sean , four , died in march 2012 on ward 32 after corrective heart surgery , while