text messages released by mario williams ' ex-fiancee show that the football star urged her to keep the $ 785,000 diamond engagement ring he is now suing for custody over .
marzouki 's attorney is claiming that williams committed perjury in court by lying in his lawsuit .
by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
12:23 est , 25 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:30 est , 25 may 2013 .
an $ 100m nfl star suing his ex-fiancee to get back a $ 785,000 10-carat diamond engagement ring actually sent her texts saying she could keep it , according to her lawyer .
mario williams , defensive end for the buffalo bills worth over $ 30m with a $ 100m contract , is suing his ex-fiancee erin marzouki for the return of the ring after their relationship turned sour .
marzouki , who is counter suing to keep the ring levied accusations through her lawyer that williams lied in his lawsuit and repeatedly told her to keep the gift .
happier times : buffalo bills ' mario williams poses for a photo with his fiancee erin marzouki .
they 've since split and are suing and counter suing over the engagement ring .
her attorney , high profile texas lawyer anthony buzbee , released a series of text messages this week that make it seem as if williams has in fact urged marzouki to keep the ring , contrary the allegations filed in his lawsuit , according a report from ultimate texans .
in the messages williams writes , ` keep those material things .
it means nothing to me anymore , ' later adding ` keep it !
remember me by it .
' buzbee described williams actions as emotionally unstable and said the football player is confused as to whether he wants to be married or single .
blinged out : williams claims he wants the 10-carat $ 785,000 diamond engagement ring he bought returned , but marzouki released a series of text messages in which he instructed her to keep the ring .
buzbee also introduced into evidence an email written by williams earlier this year that asks marzouki to reconcile .
' i just want to verbally discuss and answer things .
knowing you have closed the door , ' williams wrote , ' i still ca n't say one