there are thought to be seven billion people living on our planet and this number is set to reach almost 10 billion by 2050 , according to un figures .
this population explosion is largely attributed to better healthcare and farming practices , with some experts arguing that industrialisation in the 18th and 19th centuries was the tipping point that allowed more humans to thrive .
however , one social scientist claims the human population explosion has its roots as far back as 2,000 years ago .
there are thought to be seven billion people living on our planet in crowded cities -lrb- stock image -rrb- and this number is set to reach almost 10 billion by 20150 , according to un figures .
a social scientists says that roots of the human population explosion lie 2,000 years ago , instead of in the industrial revolution as popularly thought .
aaron stutz , an associate professor of anthropology at emory 's oxford college in georgia created a new model of demographic and archaeological data to show when humans thrived .
in a paper published in the journal plos one , he claims that political and economic reforms helped to create more stable families , and therefore enabled more people to thrive .
` the industrial revolution and public health improvements were proximate reasons that more people lived longer , professor stutz said .
` if you dig further in the past , however , the data suggest that a critical threshold of political and economic organisation set the stage 1,500 to 2,000 years ago , around the start of the common era .
` the resulting political-economic balance was the tipping point for economies of scale - it created a range of opportunities enabling more people to get resources , form successful families and generate enough capital to transfer to the next generation .
' professpr stutz said : ` the industrial revolution and public health improvements were reasons that more people lived longer ... however , a critical threshold of political and economic organisation set the stage 1,500 to 2,000 years ago , around the start of the common era .
' an mock-up of a victorian cotton factory is pictured .
humans have used up the natural resources the world can supply in a year in less than eight months , campaigners warned last month .
the world