simon cowell with his dogs squiddly and diddly attending a press launch for britain 's got talent .
he treats them as if they are his children and used them as part of his ` baby training ' before becoming a father to son eric .
now simon cowell has installed an electric fence in his back garden to protect yorkshire terriers squiddly and diddly from the threat of a fox attack .
the tv personality 's decision , after an urban fox was spotted prowling the grounds of his # 12million west london home , saw him branded ` ridiculous ' by neighbours yesterday .
cowell , 54 , bought the puppies last year with his girlfriend lauren silverman , 36 , and named them after his favourite 1960s cartoon about a musical squid , called squiddly diddly .
the animals have travelled across the atlantic with them as cowell works on each country 's version of x factor and the got talent franchise .
yesterday , workmen were seen entering his large detached mansion with electrical equipment .
it is thought the wire , which is similar to that used to keep cattle in fields , would produce a small non-fatal shock that would deter rather than injure any foxes .
council officials were consulted before the fence was put up to make sure it did not break local government planning laws .
but residents living on the road think it amounts to ` over-kill ' for two little dogs .
the actress rosemary macvie , 78 , who has lived on the road her whole life , said : ` he should not be on this street .
he has so much money , he does n't know what he wants to do with it .
` -lsb- the electric fence -rsb- is dangerous for cats .
the foxes do n't harm pets -- i 've seen cats see them off when they 're in the garden .
` foxes only come out at night , so why does n't he shut his little dogs in ?
hey 've no right to put up this fence -- it 's ridiculous .
` this used to be a proper neighbourhood once where everyone knew each other .
' another neighbour , stathes kulukundis , 72 , a shipbroker who has lived on the road for 40 years ,