early humans living in africa almost two million years ago came in a range of shapes and sizes , just as people do today , a new study claims .
researchers have found that some species were short - measuring under five feet tall - while others would have grown to heights of almost six foot .
the study is the first in 20 years to compare the body size of humans who lived between 1.5 million and 2.5 million years ago .
early humans living in africa almost two million years ago came in a range of shapes and sizes , just as people do today , a new study claims .
this image shows the skeleton of the ` nariokotome boy ' -lrb- homo ergaster -rrb- .
three species are generally recognised to have roamed africa during this time frame : homo habilis , homo rudolfensis and homo ergaster .
researcher dr jay stock , from cambridge university 's department of archaeology and anthropology , said : ` if someone asked you ` are modern humans six foot tall and 70kg ?
' you 'd say ` well , some are , but many people are n't , and what we 're starting to show is that this diversification happened really early in human evolution .
' nutrition and local environmental factors probably played a role in making some early humans larger than others .
experts also believe that sexual dimorphism -lrb- pronounced differences in appearance between males and females , such as size -rrb- might have played a part too .
` however , almost all studied ... groups include smaller and larger individuals and assessing sex based on the isolated and fragmentary postcranial remains of early homo is nearly impossible , ' they say in the study .
another possibility , thought to be less likely , is that there were numerous species belonging to the human family homo that varied in appearance .
measurements of fossils from sites in kenya , tanzania , south africa , and georgia in eastern europe , revealed significant regional variation in the size of early humans during the last ice age .
some groups , such as those living olduvai , tanzania , measured just 4.8 feet on average , while those from the koobi fora region of kenya grew to heights of 5.8 feet .
the evidence also