by .
helen lawson .
published : .
03:37 est , 30 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:40 est , 30 may 2013 .
brooklyn 's district attorney charles hynes has been accused of using hotel rooms as ` private jails ' in a lawsuit .
brooklyn 's district attorney has been accused of using locked hotel rooms as ` private jails ' to interrogate witnesses and pressure them into giving false testimony in court .
the office of charles hynes is said to have routinely held trial witnesses against their will , according to new court papers filed by a lawyer representing a man suing for $ 150million for a wrongful murder conviction .
in court papers , joel rudin said : ` hynes 's office was running a private .
jail system where witnesses were illegally interrogated and forcibly .
detained indefinitely .
' the papers were filed in connection with a lawsuit by rudin 's client jabbar collins , who spent 15 years in jail for the murder of a brooklyn rabbi .
his conviction was overturned when it emerged that key prosecution witnesses had been coerced into giving false testimony by prosecutors and police .
during a deposition , former da 's office employee christopher salsarulo described how witnesses were treated during their detention .
he said : ` once they 're handcuffed , .
they 're in their underwear and you speak to them a little bit more , `` are .
you going to fight us ?
you like pants ?
'' ' ` you know , if that 's the case , if .
they 're compliant , we dress them and give them water , whatever they need .
so they would be comfortable .
' rudin also highlighted evidence from paralegal liz fitzgerald , who said that prosecutors ' signatures on arrest warrants were forged by paralegals on their behalf , which is illegal .
he wants hynes and prosecutor michael vecchione to face a deposition over the allegations , reports the new york times .
the judge who overturned collins ' conviction for the 1995 murder of abraham pollack said vecchione had threatened a heroin addict with physical harm and prosecution if he did not testify for the prosecution .
the hotel room interrogations are said to have taken place during the 1990s , reports the new