former denver broncos tight end nate jackson lasted six years in the nfl , and his revelations about the easy sex , constant drug use and horrific injuries of his football career make for incredible reading .
in his memoir , slow getting up : a story of nfl survival from the bottom of the pile , jackson , now 34 , tells of the women that approach players in clubs and pain-killing injections before every game .
but most alarming is jackon 's catalog of gruesome injuries .
' i dislocated my shoulder multiple times , separated both shoulders , broke my tibia , broke a rib , broke my fingers , tore my medial collateral ligament in my right knee , tore my groin off the bone , tore my hamstring off the bone twice , ' he writes .
despite his injury problems , jackson signed a $ 2 million contract -lrb- plus added escalators -rrb- with the broncos in 2008 , before moving to the cleveland browns for the 2009 nfl season .
reserve : tight end nate jackson was at the denver broncos between 2003 and 2008 .
pain : nate jackson # 89 of the denver broncos -lrb- right -rrb- hits the ground with will allen # 25 of the new york giants in 2005 .
jackson 's memoir tells of how his nfl career ravaged his body with scores of injuries .
wracked by physical problems , he was .
released by cleveland before the games began .
jackson then signed with .
the las vegas locomotives of the ufl but never played for the team .
before retiring .
in an adaption of his book by deadspin , .
jackson also describes bone chips , concussions , strains , tears , spine .
trauma , nerve damage , tendinitis and possible brain damage .
but .
he explains that to try and make it as an nfl player he constantly had .
to conceal the pain .
` no matter how bad anything hurt , i could get .
through practice without showing it , ' he remembers .
casual sex provided jackson with .
some relief , and he describes the groupies that chase nfl players in clubs .
as ' a mob of bloodthirsty jersey chasers ' or ` approachable vampires .
' he tells of a typical night out