souleymane s , the man who suffered racist abuse from chelsea supporters as they denied him entry to a train on the paris metro has declined jose mourinho 's invitation to stamford bridge , as police investigate a separate incident at st pancras station .
police have appealed for witnesses after reports of racist chanting at st pancras by fans returning from france after chelsea 's 1-1 draw against paris st germain on tuesday .
this second incident happened on wednesday evening as the club were reacting with shock and disgust at the footage of the first , which showed a group of fans singing : ` we 're racist and that 's the way we like it ' as they pushed souleymane .
jose mourinho admitted he felt ` ashamed ' by the racially-motivated incident involving chelsea fans .
the commuter , souleymane s , has declined mourinho 's invitation to attend a game at stamford bridge .
mourinho , pictured during chelsea training on friday , was dismayed and disappointed by tuesday 's incident .
commuter souleymane s attempts to board a train but is refused entry by fans travelling to the match .
the man attempts to forcibly gain entry to the metro train but struggles with passengers already on board .
the amateur footage goes on to show passengers in the carriage following the disgraceful incident .
' i appreciate mr mourinho 's invitation , but i ca n't get my head around being in a stadium at the moment , ' souleymane told le parisien , after the chelsea manager had offered him the chance to see the second leg of the champions league tie on march 11 , to prove what the west london club was really like .
souleymane received a phone call from france 's president francois hollande after the attack .
psg have been in touch and chelsea have suspended five fans from stamford bridge pending further investigation .
british transport police -lrb- btp -rrb- are investigating the st pancras incident which was reported by a traveller who had been on the eurostar train with chelsea supporters returning from the game .
superintendent gill murray said : ` racist chanting was reported by a member of the public who was disgusted by the behaviour of the men who had travelled on the 6.40 pm service from paris gard du nord .