a primary school has banned its pupils from watching next week 's solar eclipse amid fears the children will be blinded .
whitchurch primary school in cardiff said it will not let children watch the natural display outside , even if they have bought special glasses with solar filters .
instead , the primary school will show the eclipse on a live feed inside the school premises .
whitchurch primary school in cardiff said it will not let children watch friday 's solar eclipse amid fears they could be blinded .
the partial solar eclipse is due to take place at 8.45 am on friday , march 20 , and will be visible for thousands of kilometres .
the decision came following an email which was reportedly sent to the schools by cardiff council .
the memo advised schools to read a leaflet from the royal astronomical society on how to observe an eclipse safely .
advice in the leaflet states that ` the sun is so bright that just looking at it can blind you , so you 'll need to prepare beforehand ' .
a council spokeswoman said : ` we are not telling schools they should not allow children out .
` we have left that decision to the schools .
we are providing schools with a copy of the royal astronomical society 's advice .
' cardiff council sent advice to schools from the royal astronimical society , explaining how the eclipse can be watched safely .
pictured : a solar eclipse in the faroe islands .
it goes on to state ` there are various ways to observe it -lrb- the eclipse -rrb- safely , using both everyday materials and telescopes or binoculars ' .
these can also include eclipse viewers , colanders , pinhole viewers , and mirrors .
it is believed the schools were left to provide the equipment themselves .
a second school in the area , fairwater primary school , said it would not be making any changes to the school day to accommodate the eclipse .
meanwhile , bryn hafod primary school , also in the area , said it needed to do a ` health and safety assessment ' before it would make a decision on whether to allow children to watch the eclipse .
during the landmark event , the moon will pass between the sun and the