by .
rebecca english , royal correspondent .
published : .
10:38 est , 21 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
01:46 est , 22 april 2013 .
the duchess of cambridge welcomed in the first signs of spring today in a mint green coat .
kate was at windsor castle attending the national review of the queen 's scouts for the first time in place of the queen , who is celebrating her 87th birthday privately .
a volunteer in the scout association , kate , 31 , who is expecting her first baby in july , looked obviously pregnant for the first time in an extremely short pastel mulberry coat , fawn pill box hat and her favourite nude lk bennett heels .
scroll down for video .
kate middleton attended the national review of the queen 's scouts for the first time in place of the queen .
her baby bump looked quite pronounced in her short pastel coat that she teamed with her favourite nude heels .
chatting : the duchess of cambridge , showing visible signs of pregnancy , meets scouts during the national review of queen 's scouts at windsor castle in berkshire .
happy : the duchess of cambridge is given flowers -lrb- left -rrb- and walks with chief scout bear grylls -lrb- right -rrb- .
kate has worn her whiteley cappuccino hat on several previous occasions , including the epsom derby .
the event is a day of celebration , bringing together 400 queen 's scouts and their invited guests to celebrate the achievements of young people and young adults who have achieved the prestigious award .
it is gained by carrying out regular community service for a year , learning new skills , completing a four day expedition in unknown terrain ; taking part in a residential project and then sharing what has been learned with their peers .
during the event , the duchess of cambridge spent time talking with some of the 400-plus queen 's scouts from around the uk and the commonwealth .
the duchess also met gallantry award holders , who have been nominated for their bravery and heroism and meeting adversity in their everyday lives .
the duchess also met gallantry award holders , who have been nominated for their bravery and heroism .
the duchess of cambridge look was finished off with a