by .
peter allen .
a firearm was used to kill a former soldier who believed he was a suspect in the alps murders case , it emerged today .
the 50-year-old was found dead in his flat in the village of ugine , eastern france , on tuesday .
police , who found evidence of a ` violent disturbance ' , are working on the theory that he committed suicide .
scroll down for video .
scene : police investigate the scene of the murder in the forest near chevaline and lake annecy in 2012 .
victims : engineer saad al-hilli -lrb- left -rrb- , the british-iraqi man killed alongside his wife and mother-in-law .
sylvain mollier -lrb- right -rrb- , a french cyclist , was also shot dead in the attack .
a ` firearm ' was used to kill the .
unnamed man , a trained marksman who served in a parachute battalion of .
the french foreign legion , said annecy prosecutor eric maillaud .
he had been spoken .
to by detectives investigating the bloodbath which claimed the lives of .
three members of the al-hilli family , from surrey .
sylvain mollier , a french cyclist , .
was also shot dead in the attack , which took place close to lake annecy , .
in eastern france , in september 2012 .
mr .
maillaud said the man knew mr mollier and his family , and left a ` six .
or seven page note ' saying he was ` disturbed ' by the questioning because .
it ` made him feel like a suspect ' .
one .
theory in the baffling case is that mr mollier , 45 , was the main .
target , and that one or more local marksmen could have been responsible .
investigation : police outside the al-hilli home in surrey in june 2013 , almost a year after the killings happened .
comments : eric maillaud , the prosecutor in annecy , eastern france , said the parachutist left a ` six or seven page note ' saying he was ` disturbed ' by the questioning because it ` made him feel like a suspect ' gun collector : eric devouassoux , a 48-year-old old former policeman , was arrested over the killings in february and spent four days in custody .
intriguingly , mr