by .
freya noble for daily mail australia .
and daniel piotrowski for daily mail australia .
and aap .
the adult daughter of baby gammy 's father david has broken her silence , admitting she was responsible for whispers that the farnells believed baby gammy was dead .
in an interview published by local newspaper the bunbury mail , jane farnell said she had told friends the baby , who has down syndrome , had died because it was simpler than ` dragging them into all the confusion ' .
` my parents never said gammy had died , that came from me , ' the newspaper quoted ms farnell saying .
scroll down for video .
jane farnell -lrb- left -rrb- with david farnell -lrb- centre -rrb- and wendy farnell -lrb- right -rrb- .
the farnell family : featuring jane -lrb- far right -rrb- , david -lrb- far left -rrb- and wendy -lrb- right of david -rrb- .
pattaramon janbua , pictured here with surrogate child gammy , has claimed she was asked to abort him and his twin sister pipah seven months in to her pregnancy .
` the only reason i told my friends that he had died was that it was easier than dragging them all into the confusion .
' ' i thought it would be easier to say he had passed away and then have to explain it later on if he came home .
' ms farnell added that baby gammy 's twin sister , pipah , was a happy little girl who only cried during teething .
she said that mr farnell , a convicted child sex offender had done a ` terrible thing ' in the past , but she believed in the integrity of the child protection system .
overnight pattharamon janbua claimed on thai rath news that david and wendy farnell asked her to abort both children when she was seven months pregnant .
ms janbua also said the agents and doctors caring for were aware that gammy had down syndrome early into her pregnancy .
furthermore , she said she used someone else 's name and id to register for surrogacy as she was only 19 when she made the agreement with an agency .
` it was the agent ... she said that they -lrb- the farnells -rrb- wanted to abort both of the children '