ukip leader nigel farage has been accused of putting ` fear in people 's hearts ' by scaremongering about immigration in a ferocious attack by a tory minister .
anna soubry told mr farage ' i do n't like your tone ' and accused him of spreading ` prejudice ' instead of using facts .
the outspoken defence minister also appeared to draw parallels between ukip and the rise of fascism , claiming mr farage was using tough economic times to ` turn to the stranger and you blame them ' .
scroll down for video .
clash : ukip leader nigel farage became embroiled in an angry exchange with defence minister anna soubry .
row : the pair exchanged verbal blows during a heated episode of bbc 's question time from boston in lincolnshire .
the extraordinary criticism from one .
of the tory party 's rising stars will alarm strategists who had warned .
against alienating disaffected voters who had switched to the uk .
independence party .
david .
cameron has been careful not to repeat his 2006 claim that ukip is a .
` bunch of fruit cakes and loonies and closet racists ' , insisting he will .
now not ` insult ' those who have chosen to support the anti-eu party .
there .
was anger in downing street when veteran cabinet minister kenneth .
clarke suggested some ukip politicians are racists and its members are .
` clowns ' .
his remarks , .
which came just days before the local elections in may , which saw huge .
gains for mr farage 's party , were disowned by colleagues .
however , appearing on bbc 's question time last night ms soubry tore into mr farage 's populist anti-immigration rhetoric .
ms soubry said : ` i do n't like your tone , mr .
farage .
you do not talk facts .
you talk prejudice .
that 's what you talk .
you scaremonger and you put fear in people 's hearts .
` look , times are tough .
we know that .
but .
when times are tough , there 's a danger and history tells us when things .
are not good , you turn to the stranger and you blame them .
` and you .
should n't .
that is wrong .
and i 'm proud