by .
deni kirkova .
published : .
11:50 est , 23 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:54 est , 23 june 2013 .
regency costumed guests arrived in their dozens at the carriage house for dinner during the pride and prejudice ball at chatsworth house in derbyshire yesterday .
celebrating the 200 years since the publication of jane austen 's famed novel of the same name , the pride and prejudice ball at the stately home , believed to be the inspiration for pemberley , mr darcy 's residence , staged a costume evening to remember .
with capacity for 100 or more , the .
vast majority of austen fans turned out in full georgian costume - a key .
point of the ball , though the fancy dress was n't compulsory .
tickets were # 65 per head .
a champagne reception in the painted hall was followed by .
a a tour of the north .
wing , a grand five course dinner .
regency costumed guests arrive for the pride and prejudice ball at chatsworth house yesterday .
afterwards guests were invited to take part in period dancing following a demonstration .
by professional jane austen dancers .
attendees yesterday surely enjoyed themselves more than elizabeth .
bennet , who meets mr darcy for the first time at a similar event and .
takes an early dislike to him .
chatsworth house is believed to be the .
inspiration for pemberley , the residence of the novel 's romantic hero .
mr. fitzwilliam darcy as austen is known to have visited the home in .
1811 while staying at the rutland arms in bakewell while penning the .
masterpiece .
she wrote the novel : ` the .
eye was instantly caught by pemberley house , situated on the opposite .
side of the valley into which the road into some abruptness wound .
` it .
was a large , handsome , stone building standing well on rising ground , .
and backed by a ridge of high woody hills ; and in front , a stream of .
some natural importance was swelled into greater , but without any .
artificial appearance .
its banks were neither formal , nor falsely .
adorned .
' a costumed couple walk hand in hand in the grounds where the 2005 pride and