it seemed like the ultimate feel-good story , a health fanatic who managed to ward off a terminal brain cancer diagnosis simply through eating well and using a natural and holistic approach to life .
australian blogger belle gibson shot to stardom on social media and gave hope to cancer sufferers worldwide after she revealed that she had prolonged her life despite shunning conventional medical treatment and relying on her own ` whole life ' concept .
now , however , friends close to the mum-of-one have said that she may have fled overseas to avoid confronting claims that her remarkable cancer survival story is not all it seems .
scroll down for video .
doubts cast : belle gibson , 26 , is the entrepreneur behind the whole pantry recipe and health app .
questions are now being asked about whether she has ` misled ' followers over both charity donations and her health .
huge hit : the whole pantry app and cookbook , which ms gibson claimed helped her in her fight against terminal cancer has proved a success with 300,000 apps downloaded .
with a huge following online , melbourne-based gibson , 26 , last year launched ` the whole pantry ' , a healthy eating app and book inspired by the recipes and regime that the health guru claimed she followed .
doubts over ms gibson 's cancer survival story surfaced after it was revealed she failed to donate up to # 151,000 in profits from the health and lifestyle app to charity .
the blogger has also admitted that she may have been ` misdiagnosed ' .
friends say information surrounding ms gibson 's original diagnosis has mysteriously begun to be ` erased ' in recent days but previously her story has been well documented .
she has stated that her health problems began when she was 20 , when she experienced problems with her sight , memory and walking .
a stroke followed and ms gibson was told that she had ` malignant brain cancer ' with just four months to live .
two months into a gruelling chemotherapy and radiotherapy routine , ms gibson said one specific incident prompted a treatment ` epiphany ' .
after passing out in the grounds of a melbourne hospital , she claims she awoke determined that she would attack the disease without the help of conventional