by .
louise boyle .
published : .
11:37 est , 17 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:48 est , 17 october 2013 .
a college freshman has been given the devastating news that she is unlikely to ever walk again after being hit by a stray bullet during a night out with friends .
martha childress , 18 , has been paralyzed from the waist down after she was shot in the early hours of sunday while waiting for a cab in the college party town of five points , south carolina .
she was allegedly shot by 20-year-old michael juan smith who pulled out a gun during an argument with two men nearby around 2.30 am .
neither of the men were shot but one bullet caught miss childress in the side of her ribcage , causing her to collapse .
college student martha childress , 18 , was hit by a stray bullet as she waited for cab in the early hours of sunday in the college town of five points , south carolina .
michael juan smith -lrb- right -rrb- has been charged over the shooting .
miss childress , who is a freshman at the university of south carolina and from greenville , is still recovering in hospital today but is aware of her devastating prognosis .
martha 's uncle , jim carpenter , told the state that his niece will likely never walk again .
mr carpenter said : ` she knew when she came out of surgery .
she told her parents she could n't feel her legs .
' he added : ` sometimes she is lying there in the bed and thinking and trying to process what has happening to her .
' the bullet lodged in miss childress 's spinal cord , damaging her liver and kidneys .
she is recovering from surgery at palmetto health richland in columbia , south carolina where she has been visited by her parents and younger brother workman who attends high school in greenville .
she tweeted on monday : ` thanks to everyone who 's kept me in their constant thoughts and prayers through this difficult time !
the support means so much to me .
' she followed up on wednesday that country music star hunter hayes had called to wish her well .
university of south carolina student