sony pictures ' ` the interview ' has made more than $ 31 million from its online and on-demand release , according to the studio .
sony announced digital figures tuesday for the film spanning its first 11 days of release since debuting december 24 .
sony had previously said the film made $ 15 million in its first four days online , so demand for the seth rogen comedy has slightly declined as sony has added more platforms .
scroll down for video .
sony pictures ' ` the interview ' has made more than $ 31 million from its online and on-demand release , according to the studio .
james franco , left , and seth rogen , right , star in the film .
while $ 31 million constitutes the most lucrative digital release for a hollywood film , ` the interview ' stood to make more in a wide theatrical release .
it had originally been forecast to earn about $ 30 million in its opening weekend alone .
still , the significant total represents a sizable recoup for sony after the film appeared dead .
the film follows a entertainment television talk show host and his producer , who score an interview with north korean leader kim jong-un .
the cia recruits the two men to assassinate kim .
james franco plays television host dave skylark , with seth rogen playing his producer aaron rapoport .
randall park portrays kim jong-un .
after hackers the fbi have said are north korean threatened violence in theaters showing the film , north america 's top theater chains pulled out of showing ` the interview ' and sony canceled its release entirely .
premise : ` the interview ' follows a entertainment television talk show host and his producer , who land an interview with north korean leader kim jong-un .
the cia recruits the two men to assassinate kim .
sony said in a december 18 statement picked up by media outlets ` in light of the decision by the majority of our exhibitors not to show the film , we have decided not to move forward with the planned december 25 theatrical release .
we respect and understand our partners ' decision and , of course , completely share their paramount interest in the safety of employees and theater-goers .
' but cobbled-together release in independent