ryanair has lost its appeal against a # 6million penalty that was levied against the no-frills airline for violating france 's labour laws .
the dublin-based carrier was previously found guilty of hiring and paying local staff from marseille under irish contracts to save money on taxes .
instead of paying up to 45 per cent in social charges -- the normal figure in france -- ryanair paid just 10.75 per cent in irish charges .
ryanair has lost its appeal against a # 6million penalty for breaching france 's employment laws .
in their decision to throw out ryanair 's case , appeal court judges agreed with a lower court 's ruling that ryanair was guilty of ` clear social dumping ' and that the case was ` an issue of unfair competition against other airlines that respect national legislation .
' the decision was hailed by jean-victor borel , lawyer for france 's ursaff social security collecting agency , who said : ` the message of the court is clear .
european law is not an instrument designed to defraud the social security ' .
ryanair 's actual fine was # 167,000 but it was also ordered to pay # 6.3 million in damages and interest to unpaid social security agencies .
the airline had profits of nearly # 450million in the last financial year .
but it appears the court battle will have another chapter as europe 's largest low-cost airline has instructed its lawyers to immediately appeal the ruling by the marseille courts to the french supreme court .
in a statement , ryanair said the ruling is contrary to eu law on mobile transport workers and follows similar cases against easyjet in 2010 and cityjet and vueling in 2012 .
the airline said it will also appeal any attempt by the french authorities to seek double payment of social insurance payments which have already been fully paid in ireland ` in respect of work which takes place entirely on irish aircraft and therefore on irish territory .
' ryanair had four planes and 127 employees at marseille provence airport -lrb- marignane -rrb- .
ryanair spokesman robin kiely said : ` ryanair will appeal this ruling to the french supreme court on the basis that european employment law clearly allows mobile workers on irish registered aircraft to pay their taxes and social taxes in ireland .