myleene klass won a whole new legion of fans after she took on ed miliband over his ` mansion tax in november last year .
the former singer tore into the labour leader 's plans to tax properties worth more than # 2million , calming it would hit ` little grannies ' and not the super-wealthy .
however , it has emerged that the 36-year-old tv presenter 's crusade may not have been so selfless , as she recently bought a # 3million house in north london .
scroll down for video .
taxing issues : myleene klass has just purchased a # 3million home in london , which would come under labour 's proposed mansion tax .
miss klass tackled ed miliband on live tv over labour 's proposed mansion tax , claiming the tax would his ` grannies ' and londoners living in garage-sized homes .
ms klass and mr miliband went head to head on itv 's the agenda in november , where she accused the labour leader of not understanding what you would get for # 2million in london .
` for me , what is so disturbing is the name in its own right : `` mansion '' , ' ms klass fumed .
` immediately you conjure up in your head these barbie-esque houses but in london , which is where 80 per cent of the people who are going to be paying this tax actually live , have you seen what that amount of money can get you ?
often it 's like a garage .
'' the people who are the super-super rich buying their houses for # 140 million , this is not necessarily going to affect them because they 've got their tax rebates and their amazing accountants .
it 's going to be the little grannies who have lived in those houses for years and years .
' ms klass is thought to have purchased the multi-million pound home in an affluent area of the capital last summer , but it is not yet known if she and her two daughters have moved in .
myleene has recently purchased a # 3million eight-bedroom home on this leafy street in north london .
` mellow in yellow ' : myleene klass has been documenting her recent holiday on social media sites .
` love is ... ' : the tv