an indiana anesthesiologist shot dead his wife minutes after the last guest left their wedding party early on sunday morning after an alleged alcohol fueled argument over a pre-nuptial agreement turned tragic .
dr. george ` scott ' samson , 54 , is said to have told his new wife , kelly ecker , 50 , that she would ` never get her hands on his money ' during the wedding reception at the ohio building in terre haute on saturday evening .
according to witnesses , the argument became increasingly bitter when the wedding after-party moved to samson and ecker 's mansion , with guests deciding to leave at 1.17 am on sunday morning as the fighting escalated .
scroll down for video .
tragedy : george ` scott ' samson and kelly ecker married on saturday evening and returned to samson 's terre haute home for their wedding party .
shock : kelly ecker with her friend 's charlene bloodworth -lrb- left -rrb- and britany wright -lrb- right -rrb- .
the pictures are believed to show kelly in her wedding dress on saturday eveninf .
three minutes after the final guest departed , ecker , who is a nurse at the same hospital as samson , made the first of three terrified 911 calls claiming her husband was going to kill her .
the first two frantic calls to the dispatcher ended abruptly , but moments later ecker phoned back , her trembling voice pleading for help , before a volley of gunshots rang out and the phone line cut .
less than half-an-hour later , officers who who responded to the couple 's terre haute home discovered the body of ecker , fatally shot in the head and neck and in the basement the body of samson , who had taken his own life with a 45-caliber semi automatic pistol .
according to advance indiana , the reception had been changed from the newlywed 's home to the ohio building at the last minute and the marquee tent set up in their garden still hauntingly sits outside their home .
police said that samson shot his wife multiple times with a 40-caliber handgun and records show that the terre haute doctor held a federal firearms license , which effectively enabled him to trade and sell weapons from his property - in a manner similar to a gun