ed miliband 's clique of millionaire advisors are acting like a ` berlin wall ' stopping labour connecting with ordinary voters , backbench mps have warned .
the labour leader is facing mounting criticism over his sacking of shadow minister emily thornberry over her ` snobby ' tweet of a family home draped in england flags last week .
former welfare minister frank field said the incident was ` the most serious thing that has happened ' to labour - ` because it gives vent to what everybody 's guts are telling them about us ' .
labour shadow cabinet minister rachel reeves added that the gaffe had harmed labour 's chances of winning the next election .
scroll down for video .
labour leader ed miliband 's north london elite which is stopping labour being in touch with its supporters , claimed frank field .
she said : ' i was angry when i saw it , because i am working hard , as are other labour mps and activists around the country , trying to get a labour government back in six months time and she set that process back .
' it came after mr field accused the labour leader of surrounding himself with a clique of wealthy out-of-touch aides and mps who did not understand ordinary workers .
he said : ` it 's the north london set we 've got to control .
they are a berlin wall trying to prevent us reaching out to our voters and like the berlin wall they 've got to be demolished .
' mr field added : ` ed 's trying to move us on immigration and welfare and with one blast of a tweet she wrecks that and puts us back to square one .
the real problem we have is that there 's a whole group of them .
' his remarks came as fellow labour mp david lammy - who grew up on a council estate close to tottenham 's infamous broadwater farm -- said the party had ` lost touch ' with ordinary voters .
he said : ` by and large , modern labour politicians come from liberal , professional backgrounds .
barking mp margaret hodge also appeared to take a swipe at the labour leader this morning .
on your bike : the labour mp cycling away from her home last week