by .
snejana farberov .
published : .
12:38 est , 31 august 2012 .
| .
updated : .
09:07 est , 1 september 2012 .
at least five los angeles police officers are being investigated in connection to the death of a 35-year-old mother of two who was allegedly stomped and kicked in the genitals during an arrest last month , police said on friday .
alesia thomas was found not breathing in the back of a patrol car after resisting arrest in an incident that was captured on a dashboard camera .
` i take all in-custody death investigations very seriously and directed the officers involved be removed from field duties until further details are known , including what part intoxicants and physical conditions contributed , ' lapd chief charlie beck said .
` i 'm confident we will get to the truth , no matter where that leads us .
' scroll down to hear from lapd .
tragic : alesia thomas , a 35-year-old mother of two , died in police custody after being allegedly stomped on and kicked by officers .
the incident took place on the morning of july 22 after two children aged three and 12 were abandoned at the lapd 's southeast station , police said , according to the los angeles times .
commander bob green , who is in charge of the southeast area station , told the los angeles times that thomas tried to surrender custody of the children to police because she was a drug addict and felt she could not care for them .
following an investigation , officers had determined that thomas was the kids ' mother .
officials arrived at her home in the 9000 block of south broadway and briefly questioned her , after which they proceeded to arrest her on suspicion of child endangerment .
according to police and eyewitnesses , the 35-year-old , who was described as a large woman , began ` actively resisting arrest .
' in an effort to subdue her , one of the officers performed a leg sweep and knocked her off her feet , while two others handcuffed thomas behind her back , the lapd said .
according to ktla , one of the cops told thomas , ` get your fat a ** in the car .
' a female officer then threatened to