by .
william turvill .
an editor has apologised after her magazine mocked a cancer survivor for wearing a ` lame ' tutu while running a marathon .
lucy danziger , the editor-in-chief of self magazine , said she was ` personally mortified ' after her magazine made fun of monika allen , a brain cancer survivor from san diego .
a photograph of ms allen , dressed as wonder woman in a tutu , was in the magazine captioned : ` a racing tutu epidemic has struck nyc 's central park , and it 's all because people think these froufrou skirts make you run faster .
now , if you told us they made people run away from you faster , maybe we would believe it .
' lucy danziger , the editor of self magazine , has apologised after her magazine mocked cancer survivor monika allen -lrb- pictured right , with her friend , taramae baize -rrb- for wearing a tutu in a marathon .
however , after ms danziger realised the mistake , she issued an apology on twitter saying : ` @glamrunner apologies from me and @selfmagazine .
we applaud you for supporting girls & wish monika speedy recovery ' .
the editor wrote on the magazine 's facebook page yesterday : ` on behalf of self , we sincerely apologize for our inadvertent insensitivity .
' i .
have personally reached out to monika and her supporters online to .
apologize for the misstep and tell them we are trying to remedy the .
situation .
` at self we support women such as monika ; she is an inspiration and embodies the qualities we admire .
we .
have donated to her charity and have offered to cover her good work in a .
future issue .
we wish her all the best on her road to good health .
' she also told nbc 7 that an apology had been issued both to ms allen , who she described as an ` inspiration ' , and her supporters .
ms danziger said : ` in our attempt to be humorous , we were inadvertently insensitive and we deeply apologize .
' ms allen 's photograph featured under this caption in the bc meter section of self magazine .
ms allen was recently contacted by the magazine asking for permission to use her