james webster -lrb- pictured -rrb- was warned he could yet face jail for filming up women 's skirts as they leaned over supermarket freezers in maidenhead .
a man has been warned he could yet face jail for lurking behind women as they bent over supermarket freezer counters and used a hidden camera to film up their skirts , a court has heard .
james webster , 35 , took photos as his victims leaned against the display cabinets in the aisles and eventually attracted suspicions as other shoppers saw him moving the bag he was carrying so that he could get a clear up-skirt view .
today webster was waiting to discover his fate after magistrates ordered a pre-sentence report to be carried out by the probation service .
the court heard that an upset shopper alerted management who found the 35-year-old , who sports long dreadlocks with beads weaved through them , positioning his hidden camera underneath another woman 's skirt as she leaned over a freezer .
webster had cut a hole in the bag through which he placed the lens of a camera so he could covertly film between women 's legs .
prosecuting , joanna mcglew told magistrates in slough , berkshire , that an upset shopper had noticed the dreadlocked voyeur and raised the alarm .
` the defendant was in lidl in maidenhead , ' she added .
' a shopper was observing him and he saw him acting in an odd manner .
` he saw the defendant crouching down and mr webster kept moving a bag , which he kept with him , under the skirt of a girl and the girl seemed unaware of this .
` he then saw a lens protruding from the satchel .
he was upset by this and reported it to management .
' she told the court that the store manager arrived to see webster trying to slide the spy camera bag under the skirt of another woman leaning over in the freezer section .
` he saw a female customer bend over one of the freezer aisles and saw mr webster manoeuvre a bag to a position under the girl 's skirt , ' miss mcglew added .
webster , who at the time was living in shared accommodation in white waltham , near maidenhead , berkshire , was confronted by security guards