an inspirational seven-year-old has overcome having both of her legs amputated by learning to skateboard and has even mastered skating tricks .
rosie davies was born with spinal segmental dysgenesis -lrb- ssd -rrb- , a life-threatening spinal condition , which meant her legs had been stuck in a cross-legged position .
the rare condition meant that her vital organs , including her kidneys , were being slowly crushed and that a double amputation was her only option .
scroll down for video .
seven-year-old rosie davies , who despite having to have both legs amputated , has learned how to skateboard .
rosie with her mother mandy collett .
ms collett says her daughter has learned to push herself along and has even mastered tricks .
rosie was born with spinal segemental dygenesis , which meant she had to have both of her legs amputated .
rosie , of walsall in the west midlands , underwent pioneering surgery lasting 13 hours two years ago , which resulted in both of her legs being removed .
but despite the operation , which took place at the royal orthopedic hospital in birmingham , the seven-year-old has learned to skateboard , mastering tricks .
proud mother mandy collett said : ` since the surgery , rosie has changed dramatically .
` she can now stand up on her skateboard , pushing herself along , and even does tricks .
rosie pictured shortly after having her legs amputated at the royal orthopedic hospital in birmingham .
during the surgery both of her legs were removed and a section of bone was then used to help bridge the gap in her spine .
' i called her my little buddha because of the way her legs were .
` when she was born i was told she would be stick on a bean bag all her life , but she has proved everyone wrong .
' spinal segemental dysgenesis is a rare developmental malformation , which occurs duirng pregnancy or at birth .
it causes a malformation in the spinal cord and can be discovered during pre-natal screening .
babies who are born with the condition like rosie usually have a gap in their backbone , causing mobility problems .
in rosie 's case the gap in her spine meant her legs were contorted up against her stomach and she was running out of space