by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
12:21 est , 19 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:15 est , 19 january 2013 .
explorer : ernest shackleton buried whisky bottles when he abandoned his desolate hut in the antarctic to set off on an expedition .
three bottles of rare 19th century scotch whisky left behind by antarctic explorer ernest shackleton have finally been returned to his desolate snowbound base .
they came home today after a distiller first flew them to scotland to recreate the long-lost recipe .
but not even new zealand prime minister john key , who personally returned the stash , got a taste of the contents of the bottles of mackinlay 's whisky .
they were discovered 102 years after the explorer was forced to leave them behind and buried them under floorboards .
' i think we 're all tempted to crack it open and have a little drink ourselves now , ' mr key joked at a ceremony handing over the bottles to antarctic heritage trust officials at new zealand 's antarctic base on ross island .
the whisky will be transferred in march from ross island to shackelton 's abandoned hut at cape royds and replaced beneath it as part of a programme to protect the legacy of the heroic era of antarctic exploration from 1898 to 1915 .
bottled in 1898 after the blend was aged 15 years , the mackinlay bottles were among three crates of scotch and two of brandy buried beneath a basic hut shackleton had used during his dramatic 1907 nimrod excursion to the antarctic .
the expedition failed to reach the south pole but set a record at the time for reaching the farthest southern latitude .
shackelton was knighted after his return to britain .
the bottles of rare 19th century whisky , pictured , were discovered 102 years after the explorer was forced to leave them behind .
a crate of the rare mackinlay 's whisky found under the floorboards of shackleton 's hut .
snow home : the interior of ernest shackleton 's hut at cape royds , where he buried the crates of whisky under the floorboards .
snowbound : ernest shackleton 's ship , the endurance , stuck on ice during his imperial trans-atlantic expedition of 1914-1918 .
shackelton 's stash was discovered frozen in ice