stella mccartney has long held the torch for the ethical treatment of animals in fashion and food .
the fashion designer uses no animal products in her designs and has been a vegetarian since childhood , a lifestyle that was championed by her mother linda and father paul .
but the 43-year-old is now calling on fellow consumers to pay more attention to what goes into their meals and garments - by thinking about that final product came from .
stella mccartney attends an event to honour kate moss last april .
the designer is calling on consumers to be more aware of where their food and fashion comes from .
in a new interview with the business of fashion -lrb- bof -rrb- magazine , she said : ` the consumption of animals - whether you 're wearing them or eating them - is extraordinarily damaging to the planet .
` there are over a billion animals killed a year for food , half of which do n't even get eaten .
and there 's over 50 million animals killed just for fashion .
' ` if you 're mindful of how you 're approaching your life , then you see the connection .
you ca n't avoid the connection .
` the connection between food , illness , environment .
i want to see everything as a whole , so that 's how i approach life , and that 's how it comes into my business .
' at the start of her fashion career , many criticised stella - who helped kick off the vegetarian movement meat free mondays with her father - for her refusal to produce and clothes with leather , fur or feathers .
but while the mother-of-four is something of a pioneer in ethical high fashion , she concedes that finding high-quality substitutes is a challenge .
stella and her father paul following the stella mccartney green carpet collection during london fashion week in september 2014 .
` material is hard , ' she said : .
` clearly leather is a great material .
it wears well .
it moves .
you can wash it .
it 's real .
one of the hardest things is to design something that is desirable and then to take that design and make it in a way that is not conventional .
` we 're sourcing