by .
hugo gye .
renting a home is now significantly cheaper than buying one thanks to the non-stop house price boom , with the gap growing over recent months .
for every # 1 spent by a homeowner on repaying the mortgage , a renter in an equivalent property pays just 93p , according to new figures .
just one year ago , renters were paying only four per cent less than homeowners , but as house prices have continued to soar buying a home has become increasingly unaffordable .
boom : house prices have risen by around 11 per cent in the past year , making home ownership unaffordable .
the price of the average home in the uk has risen by 11 per cent over the past year , to a new high of # 260,000 .
by contrast , the cost of renting rose by 3.7 per cent in the year to april , according to figures from property firm countrywide .
more ... new loan checks cause 20 % fall in mortgages : more borrowers being rejected since stricter vetting introduced .
compare the best buy mortgage rates and get free professional advice .
across the nation , the average monthly rent stands at # 873 , up from # 837 a year ago .
the company says that for every # 1 of mortgage repayments by a homeowner with a 10 per cent deposit , the average renter has to pay only 93p .
that gap is even wider in london , epicentre of the housing boom , where renters pay just 86p compared to mortgage repayments .
regional variation : this map shows how renting is better value in the south of england and the midlands than in the north-east , wales and scotland .
renting is now cheaper than buying in all but three of the capital 's 33 boroughs , as areas such as hackney , tower hamlets and croydon have become increasingly fashionable with buyers .
the gap between renting and buying has widened in all parts of the uk bar south wales and north-east england , where house prices have fallen in recent months .
other data support countrywide 's figures - statistics compiled by the economist suggest that british house prices are overvalued by more than 30 per cent in comparison to rents .
unlike other countries such