a chinese couple who left to go into town to do some shopping returned to find their home had been demolished by a factory owner who wanted to expand his business .
fan jianguo , 85 , and his wife shao , 83 , had refused to give up the lease on the property , but without their knowledge liang chin negotiated directly with the landowner to take over the land .
then when the couple left their home the 53-year-old sent in a demolition crew to destroy the property .
scroll down for video .
a chinese couple who left to go into town to do some shopping returned to find their home , pictured above , had been demolished by a factory owner who wanted to expend his business .
fan jianguo , 85 , and his wife shao , 83 , had refused to give up the lease on the property and had been in a dispute with the factory owner for eight years ; the couple had lived in their home for 40 years .
factory owner liang chin negotiated with the owner of the land that the couple 's home was on to secure the land and demolished the couple 's home as soon as they went out .
the couple had lived in the house together for 40 years and had only left ` for a few hours ' .
mr jianguo said : ` we did n't just lose our home , we lost everything we possessed .
photographs , jewellery , all our furniture from the tv through to the kitchen sink , and all of our clothes apart from those that we were wearing .
everything was destroyed .
' the police force responsible for the village of longkou , near guangzhou city in southern china 's guangdong province said they are powerless to act as it was a civil matter .
the couple are now trying to get the money together for a lawyer so they can sue the factory owner .
local council spokesman long chu said there was nothing the council could do , although it was now trying got find the jianguos alternative accommodation .
mr chu said the property was knocked down ` as a result of the dispute ' between the couple and the factory owner lasting eight years .
he added that technically the