by .
mark duell .
published : .
10:04 est , 6 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:05 est , 6 february 2013 .
a 48-year-old benefits cheat who swindled more than # 10,000 of taxpayers cash claiming he was disabled was caught push-starting a friend 's car while working as a hotel chef , it emerged today .
stuart collier , of tamworth , staffordshire , claimed he could barely walk and suffered dizzy spells if he stood up for too long - but he was later exposed as a fraud , cannock magistrates ' court heard .
investigators caught him working six different jobs between 2007 and 2011 while claiming disability benefits after a tip-off that he was a pastry chef at a top hotel in sutton coldfield , west midlands .
scroll down to see the video .
caught on camera : investigators filmed stuart collier hulking around heavy tool-boxes -lrb- left -rrb- and jogging along as he pushed a friend 's car -lrb- right , circled -rrb- .
investigators filmed collier hulking around heavy tool-boxes and jogging along as he pushed a friend 's car , and they also found that he had taken on jobs as a chef at two football clubs .
he was even discovered to have set up a limousine service and also worked as a lecturer .
collier admitted a charge of failing to notify change of circumstances when he appeared at court today .
the court heard he falsely claimed a total of # 10,639.50 over four years .
collier was handed a four-week suspended prison sentence by the court and ordered to pay # 100 in costs .
` the defendant said he had suffered arthritis in his knee since 2003 , he claimed he suffered dizzy spells if he walked further than a few metres , ' giles rowden , prosecuting , said .
` he said he had balance problems and on some days had difficulties even raising himself from a chair .
however the dwp -lrb- department for work and pensions -rrb- were told he had been working in a kitchen .
` when they began their investigation they found he had been involved with six different jobs .
he found work as a kitchen assistant , driver , lecturer , pastry chef , chef and even founded his own online business from