by .
mia de graaf .
published : .
11:04 est , 21 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:30 est , 21 december 2013 .
hundreds of druids and pagans have gathered to experience the winter solstice at stonehenge today .
the crowds dressed in bronze age clothing danced , chanted , and pressed their heads against the rocks the celebrate the dawn of the shortest day of the year .
they were joined by 3,500 visitors at the site to watch the sun rise at 8.09 am .
ritual : druids and revellers sing incantations as they celebrate the winter solstice at stonehenge today .
chief druid arthur pedragon led the winter solstice service as the sun rose at 8.09 am today with a bouquet .
as the sun set at 3.53 pm , a girl basks in the dusk at glastonbury tor , shortly before the solstice at 5.11 pm .
it is the only time the meticulous layout of the stones appears to align .
at dawn , the sun casts a line of light directly connecting the altar stone , the slaughter stone and the heel stone .
while many left the newly developed â # 27million site soon after sunrise , the new age tribes will stay for the full spiritual experience until well after the sun sets at 3.53 pm .
the precise moment of the winter solstice , when the sun reaches its southern-most point , changes every year .
tonight it will be at 5.11 pm .
gathering : more than 3,500 people were clustered around the site when the sun finally rose .
eclectic : people flock to the wiltshire site wearing mystical costumes to honour the rising of the sun .
ian temple , arch druid of dorset , dressed as the green man for the event which will last well past sunset .
the winter solstice is regarded as more important than summer as it was the time when bronze age clans would slay cows , finish fermenting their wine , and mark the start of a new year .
the druid merlin strode around the aylesbury fields clutching a sword in the blustery weather .
the winter solstice is regarded as more .
important than summer as it was the time when bronze age clans would .
slay cows , finish fermenting their wine ,