by .
lucy crossley .
published : .
06:08 est , 15 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
07:17 est , 15 january 2014 .
a jobcentre worker has been suspended after messages sent from her facebook account told an unemployed father-of-three to ` start paying taxes or hang yourself ' .
in comments posted from the account belonging to jobcentre official dawn-marie sanders , scott bignell was told he was ' a drain on society and take up too much oxygen ' .
the department for work and pensions , which oversees the jobcentre , said is had suspended a member of its staff while the facebook exchange was investigated .
rant : in an expletive-filled comment sent from dawn marie sanders 's facebook account , scott bignell was told : ` start paying taxes or hang yourself ' the alleged discussion had been started by a mutual friend of the pair after an episode of controversial channel 4 series benefits street , which follows the lives of benefit claimants living in a street in birmingham .
in the expletive-ridden post which was later circulated on the internet , messages from mrs sanders 's account stated : ` do us all a favour and hang yourself .
i have rope ... no cost , it 's free for you .
' mrs sanders , of farnborough , hampshire , has claimed her account was hacked , and that she had not sent the messages .
her facebook profile has since been removed .
probe : the department for work and pensions , which oversees the jobcentre , said is had suspended a member of its staff while the facebook exchange was investigated -lrb- file photo -rrb- .
mr bignell , 44 , a former handy man from plymouth , devon , responded and said that he did not claim any benefits , telling the newspaper that there were others in ` genuine need ' .
a dwp spokesman said that a member of staff , which it would not confirm was mrs sanders , had been suspended following the claims , and that it was investigating the facebook exchange as well as claims the staff member had been hacked .
` we take allegations of this nature very seriously and we are investigating , ' said the spokesman .
' a member of staff has been suspended