adolf hitler 's personal copy of mein kampf which was found in his munich apartment after his death in 1945 is to go up for auction .
the book , a 1932 version of the fuhrer 's autobiography , is believed to be the only of hitler 's personal copies in existence .
auctioneer craig gottlieb , who has sold nazi memorabilia in the past , believes it could fetch more than # 62,000 in the online sale .
a copy of mein kampf found in adolf hitler 's munich apartment in 1945 is expected to fetch # 62,000 as it goes up for auction online .
while it is likely that hitler owned many copies of his own autobiography , he almost certainly read this one as it was found in his personal library - making it one-of-a-kind .
mein kampf -- or my struggle - is the autobiographical manifesto by nazi leader adolf hitler , where he outlined his political ideology and future plans for germany .
the book was written by hitler following the failed munich putsch in november 1923 and was first published in july 1925 .
hitler 's personal copy was part of a group of the german leader 's belongings that were liberated from his munich apartment in 1945 by us soldier joseph ben lieber .
the book , along with others from his library , was sold to gottlieb last year along with hitler 's hat , shirt , medals , and other items .
the manifesto , which hitler wrote in prison after the failed beer hall putsch of 1923 , even has the german leader 's own bookplate on the inside cover .
the text was found in the fuhrer 's munich apartment after the defeat of germany in 1945 by us soldier joseph ben lieber who kept it until now .
mr gottlieb added : ` the chain of custody of the book is unbroken since 1945 .
` this particular artifact is one of the most profound in the group , which makes the provenance that supports the artifact so crucial to its value .
' ` this artifact is historically significant and i would love to see it go to a museum .
` however , market realities are such that it will probably find a home with a book collector who appreciates its historic significance .
'