by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
01:54 est , 11 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:15 est , 11 november 2013 .
frank sinatra continued to look out for ex-wife mia farrow long after their split and even more than 20 years later he remained concerned about her well-being , claims a new book by lawyer alan dershowitz .
high-powered attorney dershowitz represented farrow in her long custody battle with woody allen in the early 1990 's after their ended over his relationship with her adopted daughter soon-yi .
in his new book , taking the stand , dershowitz reveals that sinatra personally called him during that time to offer his help in farrow 's battle .
mia farrow and woody allen parted in the early 1990s after she discovered that he was involved in a sexual relationship with her adopted daughter soon-yi .
dershowitz writes of receiving a phone call from sinatra , reports the new york post .
` he immediately got down to business , ' wrote dershowitz .
`'' i love mia .
we were married , you know .
she 's a great girl .
woody 's trying to bully her .
he ca n't be allowed to get away with that .
what can i do to help ?
''' when dershowitz told sinatra that he had the case under control , he claims that sinatra said : ` well , beyond the legal case , what can i do to call woody off ?
' wary of sinatra 's tough-guy reputation , dershowitz wrote : ` i nervously told him to leave it to the lawyers , and that any approach to woody allen would be used against mia and would likely backfire .
' sinatra and farrow were married briefly during the 1960s , but she vanity fare recently that they ` never really split up ' in a recent interview with vanity fair , farrow stated that her son ronan -- born in 1987 while she and allen were still together - could ` possibly ' be the biological son of sinatra .
in the same article she claimed that she and sinatra , who were married between 1966 and 1968 , ` never really split up .
' news of sinatra 's keen interest in farrow 's custody case with allen over their children