moscow zoo has unveiled its newest , and surely a contender for cutest , new resident - a rare red panda named zane .
the one-year-old female made the journey to russia from ireland 's dublin zoo in mid-october but she was under quarantine until this week .
zane appears comfortable in her new surroundings , albeit a bit lonely given she will live alone in the enclosure at least until next year when the zoo aims to introduce a second red panda .
zane , the one-year-old red panda from dublin zoo , settles into her new habitat in moscow zoo .
the red panda , also known as a firefox or red cat-bear , grooms while sitting on a tree branch .
zoo director anna kachurovskaya said the visitors to zoo would ` help it to cope with the loneliness ' .
red pandas , sometimes nicknamed firefoxes , lesser pandas or red cat-bears , are slightly larger than a domestic cat and live to around eight years .
they hail from the temperate forest regions across bhutan , china , india , myanmar and nepal , but their numbers are significantly under threat .
the world wildlife fund estimates less than 10,000 adult red pandas are left in the wild with the species listed as ` vulnerable ' in the iucn red list of endangered species , one level short of being officially endangered .
with less than 10,000 of the elusive red pandas left in the wild , zane is a rare treat for zoo visitor .
red pandas hail from the temperate forest regions across bhutan , china , india , myanmar and nepal .
hunting , accidental capture -lrb- getting caught in traps meant for other animals -rrb- and a loss of habitat is compounding the red panda 's already delicate existence - the animals , like their bamboo eating namesakes , are fond of food sources that are notably void of nutrition .
zoo director anna kachurovskaya said : ` the red panda is a foodie , so he will choose very young twigs , very young leave , very young plumules -lrb- roots -rrb- .
the trouble is that this part of the plant is not very nutritious .
that 's why she has to spend up to 13 hours in search of food and eat up to 30 per cent of