the house where sandy hook killer adam lanza began his murderous gun rampage has been demolished .
councillors in newtown , connecticut , decided to knock down the large , picturesque house on yogananda drive , and tear apart its foundations , to stop it being a ` constant reminder ' of lanza 's brutal 2012 massacre .
lanza , 20 , gunned down his mother , nancy , inside the home before moving on to the sandy hook elementary school , where he murdered 20 first-graders and six members of staff .
demolition : police watch as wrecking machinery finishes work on yogananda drive in newtown , connecticut , where adam lanza began the murderous sandy hook rampage by killing his own mother .
before : the 3,100-square-foot home was set in two acres of its own land in the exclusive town .
newtown authorities were given the house by the bank which acquired it , and voted to destroy it .
killer : lanza , pictured above in two photos from some time before the 2012 killing , spent most of his time inside the house after dropping out of school .
the killer spent most of his life at the home , which his parents bought in 1998 before they divorced .
in the years leading up to the horrific shooting , lanza spent increasing amounts of time inside its walls , where he spent hours playing video games , and would communicate with his mother by email .
an exhaustive report into lanza 's life by state officials concluded that he was allowed to slip into a ` padded ' world , in which he rarely had contact with the outside world - which may have contributed to the killings .
no more : the home , pictured above four days after the december 2012 killing , had already been completely emptied and everything inside burned in the hope of preventing a trade in looted sandy hook memorabilia .
gone : plans by the newtown council call for the plot to be left empty and greenery planted there .
parents : nancy lanza , right , lived with her son in the home .
her ex-husband , peter lanza , left , lived in newtown with them until he divorced nancy .
lanza , who was on the autism spectrum and had other psychiatric problems ,