president obama is prepared to act unilaterally and suspend sanctions on iran in order to help resolve nuclear talks by a self-imposed november 24 deadline , according to a report .
a senior white house official says , while the president lacks the power to lift the sanctions , he can and intends to suspend them in order to help negotiate away iran 's power to build nuclear arms .
` we would n't seek congressional legislation in any comprehensive agreement for years , ' the official told the new york times .
feeling the pressure : obama plans to sidestep congress and suspend iran sanctions in his quest to resolve nuclear talks by self-imposed november 24 deadline .
western governments want iran to cut its uranium enrichment capacity so that it would take a long time to purify enough uranium for an atomic weapon .
tehran , which says all its nuclear work is for peaceful ends , has rejected demands to significantly reduce the number of enrichment centrifuges below the 19,000 it has now installed , of which roughly half are operating .
the u.s. official said gaps in negotiating positions must be narrowed in a way that ` ensures that all of the pathways for fissile material for a nuclear weapon are shut down .
' congress may not agree with those pathways , but they 've known about the possibility of lifting sanctions since earlier this year when negotiators testified about the necessity to do so , reports the times .
as of last week , it remained unclear just how close obama and his allies were to meeting their self-imposed deadline .
iran 's foreign minister said on thursday that nuclear talks in vienna this week were difficult but that progress was made and possible solutions discussed , sources who attended his briefing for iranian media said .
mohammad javad zarif spoke after a meeting on wednesday with u.s. secretary of state john kerry and european union foreign policy chief catherine ashton that lasted some six hours in the austrian capital .
` it was very difficult , serious and intensive ... but instead of focusing on problems , we discussed solutions as well , ' he said , the sources told reuters .
` there was progress in all the fields .
' zarif also said he would next meet with kerry and ashton