by .
james rush .
published : .
09:18 est , 19 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:43 est , 19 april 2013 .
david price , the leader of a gang of travellers who ripped off victims across the country , claimed he had spent some of the # 1.3 m gained on big fat gypsy wedding-style presents .
the leader of a gang of rogue traders which made more than # 1.3 million by conning elderly people tried to get out of repaying the cash by claiming he had spent some of it on big fat gypsy wedding-style presents .
david price led a gang of travellers who ripped off victims across the country by massively overcharging for unnecessary and shoddy home maintenance or gardening jobs , carefully picking the most vulnerable householders .
he and members of his family from brigg , humberside , were jailed at teesside crown court in 2011 for fraud and money laundering .
a proceeds of crime act hearing was held this week .
price , 44 , who is currently serving more than seven-and-a-half years , told the hearing he spent thousands on weddings for others in his community , jewellery and furs from bond street , his horses and vans , as well as gambling and cigarettes .
he told the court the show big fat gypsy weddings showed how travellers often clubbed together to pay for lavish ceremonies and splashed out on generous presents .
but judge howard crowson , sitting yesterday at teesside crown court , said : ` in mr price 's evidence there was an attempt to persuade me that it is part of his culture to provide lavish gifts at weddings and a reference to popular television in support .
` if i regarded popular television as a guide to behaviour in the general population i would do a disservice to the general population .
` mr price produced no evidence of any such purchase and mentioned not a single person to whom he had made such a gift .
' the gang was found to have benefited from their crimes by a total of # 1,338,047.40 and must repay # 413,948.35 of that - but should their assets increase in future , they could be forced to pay back the full amount .
price now faces a longer jail term if