west ham showed their support for the newly set-up dylan tombides foundation ahead of kick-off against crystal palace with players and club staff wearing shirts and scarves honouring the memory of their former academy product .
tombides , the west ham player who lost his battle with cancer last year , now has a foundation bearing his initials and squad number and players from both teams sported shirts featuring ` dt38 ' during the warm-ups at villa park .
manager sam allardyce and co-owner david gold also wore foundation scarves during their pre-match preparations ahead of the lunchtime kick-off .
co-owner david gold -lrb- second left -rrb- and manager sam allardyce -lrb- centre -rrb- sport dt38 foundation scarves .
the foundation was set up in memory of dylan tombides and crystal palace players including mile jedinak -lrb- third left -rrb- also joined in by wearing shirts bearing his initials and squad number for the new foundation .
aaron cresswell , carl jenkinson and mark noble -lrb- left to right -rrb- all sport dt38 shirts during the warm-up .
tombides , 20 , died last april after being diagnosed with cancer three years previously .
tributes to tombides poured in , with the dt38 foundation structured to raise awareness and provide support for those suffering with testicular cancer .
fans also planned a minute 's applause 38 minutes into the barclays premier league clash .
` on april 18 , 2014 , dylan 's organs failed and we said goodbye to our beloved son and brother , ' the striker 's mum , tracylee , said .
new west ham signing nene shows off his dt38 shirt while he warms up ahead of his first hammers game .
stuart downing and cresswell stretch during their preparations for the game against palace on saturday .
donations are collected for the dylan tombides foundation outside upton park ahead of kick-off on saturday .
` if we had known about testicular cancer and what we needed to do to catch it early , we would have insisted on an ultra sound when we went to the gp .
it breaks our heart to think that this could have been prevented .
` dylan was robbed of a future that he dreamed of as a young boy .
it robbed taylor of a brother and it robbed my husband and i of watching our beautiful