by .
david kent .
germany 's world cup support network spread across the globe - from the stands at the maracana to silverstone - as they conquered france 1-0 in their quarter-final on friday .
bastian schweinsteiger 's better half sarah brandner 's beaming grin in the crowd at the rio de janeiro stadium told the story of their triumph as they set up a semi-final meeting with brazil or colombia .
she and the rest of germany 's travelling faithful will be hoping this wo n't be their team 's last appearance at the venue , with the final to be held there on july 13 .
video scroll down to watch f1 driver nico rosberg races around the track .
thumbs up : bastian schweinsteiger 's girlfriend sarah brandner gives her approval to germany 's efforts at the maracana .
attentive : model brandner , 25 , has been going out with the bayern munich star since 2007 .
going through : schweinsteiger raises his arms in celebration after germany beat france 1-0 in rio de janeiro .
beautiful support : brandner with sami khedira 's girlfriend lena gercke -lrb- centre -rrb- and mario gotze 's other half ann-kathrin broemmel -lrb- right -rrb- .
meanwhile , nico .
rosberg will be hoping the win is the start of a big weekend for his country as he .
looks to claim another formula one victory in the british grand prix .
the .
leader of the driver 's championship was in a race of a different kind .
after friday 's second practice session as he hurried through the .
silverstone complex to make a screening of the match in rio de janeiro .
proudly .
clad in germany 's home shirt , mailonline sport columnist rosberg got .
his wish when a mats hummels header was enough to send les bleus .
packing .
` yes !
great match boys !
now everything is possible .
congrats from .
silverstone , ' he posted on twitter with a picture of him celebrating out .
of his seat .
national pride : nico rosberg cheers on germany as they beat france 1-0 for a place in the world cup semi-finals .
racing for it : rosberg runs through the silverstone complex to catch the 5pm match in .
rosberg could n't help himself in giving .
lotus 's