a new york court ordered the maker of monster energy drink to pay $ 1.7 million to the beastie boys for copyright infringement although the company claimed they owe no more than $ 125,000 .
attorneys for adam ` ad-rock ' horovitz and michael ` mike d' diamond of the beastie boys asked the court to order the company to pay nearly $ 2.5 million in legal fees to cover their costs in the copyright violation case that began in august 2012 .
in june 2014 , a manhattan federal court jury awarded the rappers $ 1.7 million in damages .
beastie boys : a new york court ordered the maker of monster energy drink to pay $ 1.7 million to the beastie boys for copyright infringement although the company claimed they owe no more than $ 125,000 .
$ 2.5 million : attorneys for adam ` ad-rock ' horovitz -lrb- left -rrb- and michael ` mike d' diamond -lrb- right -rrb- of the beastie boys asked the court to order the company to pay nearly $ 2.5 million in legal fees to cover their costs in the copyright violation case that began in august 2012 .
the group first sought the $ 2.5 million in 2012 for false endorsement and copyright infringement after california-based monster energy co. allegedly used part of several of the group 's songs in a promotional video on monster 's website , rolling stone reports .
the group also posted a 23-minute medley of the group 's songs on the site and made it available for download .
the company admitted wrongly using the group 's songs in the video that was online for five weeks , but holds that an employee thought the company had permission to use the songs , according to rolling stone .
mca : the suit was filed just months after adam ` mca ' yauch , one of the group 's members , died from cancer in may of 2012 .
the songs were reportedly taken from a live set done by dj z-trip , an american disk jockey and producer , at a monster-sponsored festival in canada .
when the monster employee sent a draft of a video using the footage to the dj asking if he approved , the dj replied ` dope !
' this allegedly led the employee to believe the dj was approving monster