nico rosberg is too polite to say what precisely he finds irritating about the team-mate with whom he is locked in the battle of his career .
sitting in an air-conditioned room away from the dry heat of the bahrain paddock , he goes so far as to say this of lewis hamilton : ` i know exactly how he is functioning .
i understand him really , really well .
all his attitudes .
i can tell why he is doing whatever he is doing .
sometimes he annoys me .
some character traits .
' go on , then , tell us what it is that gets under your skin .
lewis hamilton waves after qualifying on pole position for the bahrain grand prix on saturday .
hamilton 's mercedes team-mate nico rosberg was third six-tenths of a second behind hamilton .
hamilton has dominated roberg this season and has got pole in every race during the current campaign .
` i do n't want to give details , ' says rosberg , diplomatic to the core .
at this point the door of the mercedes hospitality area , in which rosberg and i are sitting alone , opens fast and loudly .
it is hamilton invading the quiet of the interview .
he turns to face the door he has just walked through and slammed shut , his head down , and shouts in an almost childlike way : ` phew , phew , man , it 's hot , ' deporting himself as if he is about to pass out from heat stroke .
` you see ... ?
' says rosberg , his eyebrows arched .
the daunting task he faces against his extraordinary team-mate was made vividly clear under the lights in qualifying for sunday 's bahrain grand prix .
not only will he start behind hamilton for the fourth consecutive race but behind the ferrari of sebastian vettel , who is emerging as a putative title contender .
rosberg 's corner .
keke rosberg .
the 1982 world champion attended pre-season testing with friends but rarely goes to races and does not give interviews .
nico said he got his father 's advice before the last race in abu dhabi but he generally gives his son space .
vivian rosberg .
nico 's long-term girlfriend turned wife .
she attends a few races