by .
scarlett russell .
most of us reserve fancy dress for a themed birthday party or halloween .
but british adults are embracing ` cosplay ' -- dressing up as their favourite superhero characters from film , comics and gaming .
london comic con takes place in may and london super comic convention in march are both held at the excel centre at royal victoria dock .
scroll down for video .
this morning hosts phillip schofield and holly willoughby chat to their british guests about their love of ` cosplay ' - dressing up as superheros or gaming characters .
guests -lrb- from man going clockwise -rrb- ryan cooper , phillipa dickinson , lesley jagger and lauren stables discuss their love of ` cosplay ' on this morning .
phillipa dickinson , pictured here , made her own hircine costume .
she went to her first superhero convention at 15 and says it was an ` amazing experience ' men and women across the country , many of whom have traditional 9-5 office jobs ditch their suits , ties and pencil skirts behind on the weekend , favouring facepaint , latex and armour .
over the weekend they attend conventions with like-minded cosplay fans .
lauren stables , lesley jagger , phillipa dickinson and ryan appeared -- in full costume gear - on this morning to talk about their love of superhero role playing .
` cosplay is a grat big fancy dress party that everybody is invited to , ' said lauren , who sat on the famous purple sofa dressed as judge cassandra anderson from the judge dredd comic book .
lauren stables , left , and lesley jagger , right , are cosplay fans , where you are encouraged to dress as characters from comic books , films or games .
ryan cooper , pictured here , is dressed as dovahkiin - ` dragonborn ' in the tongue of the dragons - a mortal hero with the ability to use the magic of the dragons , and the protagonist of the elder scrolls v : skyrim game .
lauren stables , pictured here , says she loves the cosplay experience and often gets fans asked to ` beat them up and arrest them ' wearing a shiny black costume with .
huge gold armour-style shoulder pads and holding a helmet , she said : `