by .
fiona macrae .
published : .
19:23 est , 5 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
06:01 est , 6 january 2014 .
the royal college of midwives says the nhs coped with almost 130,000 more births in 2012 than the service was designed for -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
older mothers with high expectations are putting maternity wards under increasing strain , midwives have warned .
the obesity epidemic is also contributing to a ` buckling ' maternity service , according to the royal college of midwives .
it says that the combination of a baby boom and staff shortages means the nhs coped with almost 130,000 more births in 2012 than the service was designed for .
in other words , it is lacking resources to deliver one in five of the 700,000 babies born in england each year .
in its annual state of maternity .
services report , the rcm says the situation is exacerbated by growing .
numbers of complex pregnancies .
there are also concerns that older mothers have idealised views about the care they should receive .
` the importance of complexity on the midwifery workload has been often overlooked , ' says the report .
` one example of rising complexity is the continuing growth of births to older women .
' in .
2012 , there were almost twice as many babies born to women aged over 40 .
than a decade earlier -- the biggest rise in birth rate in any age .
group .
the rcm says that .
while older women are as entitled to maternity care as their younger .
counterparts , they are likely to require more support during pregnancy .
and labour .
they are more .
likely to miscarry , as well as to have complicated pregnancies and to .
deliver babies that are underweight or premature .
stillbirths are more .
than twice as common in over-35s than younger women , while deterioration .
of their eggs with time also leaves them at greater risk of having .
babies with down 's syndrome and other genetic disorders .
it is claimed that older mothers can also be more demanding , as they have had time to build up a ` rose-tinted ' view of the type of care they should receive .
the obesity crisis is adding to the