she 's widely touted as one of the most naturally beautiful women in hollywood , and now the secret behind jessica alba 's flawless complexion has been revealed .
the actress , 33 , has been unveiled as the face of the braun face - and epilator that doubles as a deep-pore cleansing brush - and she credits the gadget for giving her glowing skin .
speaking about the # 69.99 product , jessica said : ` it does n't matter whether you 're going for a red carpet look , or want a day without any make-up on ; we need to be able to count on beautifully cleansed skin as our foundation .
` braun face gives women the confidence and freedom to either wear make-up or not .
' scroll down for video .
flawless : jessica alba , 33 , has been unveiled as the face of the braun face - and epilator that doubles as a deep-pore cleansing brush - and credits the gadget for giving her that famous dewy glow -lrb- she is the ambassador , though !
-rrb- .
the makers claim that the sonic cleansing technology gently but thoroughly sweeps away make-up , pollution and impurities while preparing the skin to absorb beauty products more efficiently .
in the flick of a switch , it transforms into a facial epilator to remove hairs on the eyebrows , upper lip and chin .
jessica has been working with the beauty giant since march this year and the stylish mother-of-two is the perfect advert for the healthy lifestyle she advocates in the accompanying imagery .
speaking about their choice , a spokesperson for the beauty brand said at the time : ` jessica alba is a strong , passionate woman and an advocate for others - she is the perfect ambassador to talk about the role beauty and our products play in helping women to feel their best .
` braun admires her for her principles , her talents and her ability to juggle a demanding acting career with being a great mum .
' poster girl : jessica has been working with the beauty giant since march this year and is the perfect advert for the healthy lifestyle she advocates in the accompanying imagery .
perfect choice : speaking about their choice , a spokesperson for the beauty brand said at the time