by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
10:45 est , 15 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
14:38 est , 15 january 2014 .
katy holmes , 33 , was caught having sex with a stranger on the bonnet of a car in a quiet residential street in blackpool .
two people caught having sex on a car bonnet in broad daylight had only met each other minutes before their steamy clinch , a court has heard .
katy holmes , 33 , was caught in the act with a stranger on the bonnet of a red peugeot in a quiet cul-de-sac in blackpool , lancashire .
single holmes escaped jail for her involvement in the .
lewd offence which occurred at around 9.45 am after she met the stranger while buying a bottle .
of water from a nearby shop .
following the incident in december last year , holmes told police : ` the man started flirting with me .
we had met at .
the newsagents .
i was on the way home .
` what happened was consensual - but i accept people who saw what was going on might think it lewd and offensive .
' however , a disgusted mother spotted the seedy rendezvous while with her young child and immediately called the police .
don green , prosecuting at blackpool magistrates ' court on tuesday , said : ' a witness saw what was going on through the front window of her home .
` holmes was smiling and laughing and appeared to be enjoying what was going on .
' when officers arrived in the quiet cul-de-sac in blackpool where the offence took place , the man fled by scaling a metal fence .
an officer caught his ankles but he kicked out and escaped .
holmes , who cried throughout her court hearing , admitted committing an act outraging public decency by behaving in an indecent manner .
the seedy offence took place on the quiet hyde road in blackpool , lancashire , at around 9.45 am on a december morning last year .
holmes told police she had met the man just minutes before .
steven townley , defending , said : ` this is an unusual offence which is a difficult case to sentence .
` she has no convictions for any similar offences .