rachael thompson , 40 , has been found guilty of slashing her baby boy 's heels with a razor blade .
a mother faces jail for slashing her baby son 's feet with razor blades and causing ` horrific ' injuries .
rachael thompson , 40 , was found guilty of slicing the four-month-old 's heels , as the jury heard that the wounds could only have been caused deliberately .
thompson took her son into hospital two days after attacking him , claiming the injuries were an accident .
she said the boy had somehow cut himself on a razor which had fallen into his bath .
jo martin , prosecuting , said thompson told medics she had been bathing the child when she left him with her partner .
she claimed she had come back to find the child 's feet bleeding and a razor blade lying in the tub .
but derriford hospital a&e nurse emma congdon contacted social services when she became suspicious about why thompson had waited two days to bring her son in .
she said the mother told her the baby had ` kicked ' the razor into the bath .
she told the court the boy 's wounds were ` horrific ' , adding : ` you would not leave a four month old baby on its own in the bath .
' ms martin said police consulted an expert who said a falling razor would be unlikely to slice into a baby 's feet .
and even if it did , it would cut in a ` criss-cross ' fashion rather deliver a clean , identical wound to both heels , she said .
at a hearing earlier this month , an expert who tried to reconstruct an accident using a wooden model of a baby 's leg covered in pig skin could not replicate the wounds .
the boy spent a night in hospital before being released .
plymouth crown court in devon , where thompson was found guilty of slicing her son 's feet .
the child still lives in plymouth , devon , with thompson and her partner trevor parkins , who have another son together , aged 15 months .
thompson , a former nursing auxiliary and dental nurse , also has a 22-year-old son from an earlier relationship .
thompson has a history of self-harm and