when opportunity knocked les ferdinand paid attention .
from non-league southall to the england team and most recently to a desk in his office behind which he sits in his designer knitwear while queens park rangers train .
he 'd rather be out on the grass , he explains , but this interview is keeping him indoors and , when the director of football picks a route through the mud to pose for a photograph , the temptation for some is too much to resist .
` f *** ing hell les , we 've only won one game , ' yells joey barton , from the midst of a nearby finishing drill , his verbal arrows more accurate than anything from his feet , as usual .
les ferdinand believes english kids are made to look mediocre but he thinks they just need an opportunity .
the former england international wants to bring the stan bowles spirit back to loftus road .
the other players titter and ferdinand laughs along .
the mood is relaxed ahead of saturday 's game at hull city where chris ramsey tries to build on victory at sunderland , the first away points of a difficult campaign , before they fly to dubai for a training break .
` in a short space of time , there 's been a positive turn , ' smiles ferdinand .
` the reaction has been great .
we want to be a premier league side .
we know the figures .
we also know the first year up is the hardest .
our focus is on staying in this division and everyone to a man is confident of doing it .
' survival is vital with financial fair play penalties hanging over qpr if they slide into the football league and a large part of ferdinand 's role is to set down principles to keep the club within its means based around growing their own players .
ferdinand says qpr 's premier league survival is vital for the club and he 's confident they can do just that .
ferdinand explains : ` in this country , we 'll buy someone from abroad for # 20m who has been playing professional football for years and we all go : ` give him a year to 18 months to settle in ' .
` yet we 'll take