a man armed with a 6in kitchen knife who was rugby-tackled to the ground by police outside buckingham palace after he attempted to see the queen has painted many pictures of the royal family .
david belmar , of haringey , north london , admitted trespass and possession of a bladed article after he tried to run through the palace 's north centre gate just before 11.30 am on monday , a court heard yesterday .
when police searched belmar after bringing him to the ground , they found the kitchen knife wrapped in a plastic bag in his jacket pocket .
the 44-year-old has posted a gallery of paintings , including portraits of the queen , kate middleton , prince charles and princess anne .
scroll down for video .
portraits of the duchess of cambridge painted by buckingham palace intruder david belmar .
belmar , who said he wanted to talk to the queen about his benefits , painted her portrait and posted it online .
david belmar painted a series of portraits , including a pencil drawing of himself .
he also painted the mona lisa and piccadilly circus .
he has also included portraits of piccadilly circus , the mona lisa , jesus christ and self-portraits in his facebook gallery , and posted a photograph of himself wearing a - shirt that says ` artist ' .
his simple paintings and pencil drawings also depict barack obama , arnold schwarzenegger and his mother .
the artist wanted to discuss his benefits with the queen , a court heard .
yesterday , edward aydin , prosecuting , told .
westminster magistrates ' court in central london : ` in police custody , he .
said to police `` i wanted to see the queen .
i 'm not happy about my .
benefits '' .
' david belmar painted this picture of jesus and a picture of himself .
he also painted pictures of various celebrities and iconic landmarks .
he added that .
belmar , who has mental health issues , has a fixation with the queen and .
received a caution in 1989 for lighting fireworks and throwing them into .
the grounds of buckingham palace .
the .
queen was not in the building at the time of the incident , buckingham .
palace said .
district judge quentin purdy adjourned sentencing so that