the fate of flight fu 9525 that was deliberately crashed into the alps has chilling similarities to a number of other aircraft believed to have been downed by flight crew .
germanwings pilot andreas günter lubitz locked his captain out of the cockpit before ploughing the airbus a320 into the mountain at more than 400mph , killing all 150 on board .
the final moments of the doomed jet were revealed by french prosecutors who said lubitz 's sole aim was to ` destroy the plane ' .
it echoes a number of recent aviation tragedies and could explain what happened to flight mh370 - which vanished last march while flying from kuala lumpur to beijing with 239 people on board .
scroll down for video .
first picture : germanwings pilot andreas günter lubitz -lrb- above -rrb- locked his captain out of the cockpit before ploughing the airbus a320 into the mountain at more than 400mph , killing all 150 on board .
germanwings pilot andreas günter lubitz locked his captain out of the cockpit before ploughing the airbus a320 into the mountain at more than 400mph , killing all 150 on board .
above , workers at the crash site today .
lubitz 's actions could explain what happened to flight mh370 - which vanished last march while flying from kuala lumpur to beijing with 239 people on board .
above , file image of a malaysian airlines aircraft .
recent analysis of satellite data taken from the lost malaysian airlines flight indicates the aircraft may have been deliberately flown off course - suggesting the pilot took actions similar to lubitz 's .
other pilots believed to be responsible for fatal air crashes include herminio dos santos fernandes , who was captain of moza lam flight 470 that crashed in namibia in november 2013 .
air crash investigators think the embraer 190 jet was flown into the ground by the captain after his copilot went to the toilet , killing all 27 passengers and six crew .
fernandes was believed to have had serious personal problems at the time of his death .
when his co-pilot went to the toilet , flight data information recovered from the scene found that fernandes manually changed the aircraft 's altitude from 38,000 feet to almost 600 feet below ground level .
he also pushed the aircraft 's throttles back to idle