by .
jessica jerreat .
published : .
16:37 est , 13 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:12 est , 14 august 2013 .
a police officer called out to reports of a ` vicious dog ' terrorizing the streets has ended up adopting the abandoned , affectionate pit bull .
when officer dan waskiewicz arrived at a baltimore street he said he found people yelling at the frenzied pit bull , which was charging around .
realizing that the dog was just nervous and neglected , the officer called the pit bull , which immediately came over and started licking him .
scroll down for video .
police dog : officer waskiewicz is given a big lick by bo in the back of his police cruiser .
` being a dog lover , i got .
out of my car and called the `` vicious dog '' over to me .
the dog came over .
with its tail between its legs and panting , ' he told modified k9 .
instead of seeing a dangerous animal , officer waskiewicz said he realized the pit bull was scared .
he offered it water and the dog licked him then jumped into his cruiser , in may last year .
concerned that the dog would be put to sleep if it was picked up by the dog pound , officer waskiewicz drove the affectionate pit bull to an animal shelter instead .
on the way to the shelter the dog continued to lick the officer , before curling up next to him and falling asleep .
praise : baltimore humane society presents officer waskiewicz with a certificate of appreciation .
a couple of days later , when he contacted the shelter to see how the dog was settling in , he discovered it had still not been claimed - so he decided to offer it a forever home and renamed it bo .
his kind actions earned the officer a certificate of appreciation from baltimore humane society last summer .
` so often we hear stories where law enforcement officers rush to judgment with violent action , ' baltimore humane society 's jen swanson told cbs dc .
poster pup : bo and dan waskiewicz have appeared in a campaign against animal cruelty .
she added : ` when dan waskiewicz answered the call he first observed