she 's the former tv journalist turned princess who is set to become queen of spain within weeks .
but princess letizia is famous for more than simply being the wife of the spanish king-in-waiting .
the 41-year-old mother-of-two has also carved out a name for herself as a royal style icon and even , on one memorable occasion , managed to outshine the ultra-glamorous carla bruni .
her current wardrobe of tailored sheath dresses , sky-scraping court shoes and eye-catching jewels is all a far cry from her early days as a newsreader , when she embraced the bland armani suit and was rarely seen in public wearing anything else .
style reinvention : from boxy ill-fitting blazers .
to on-trend city suits , letizia , pictured above this afternoon , has .
come a long way since her days as a newsreader .
bland : .
before marrying in to the spanish royal family , letizia 's newsreader .
job meant she clung faithfully to grey tailored trouser suits .
but since .
marrying felipe , prince of asturias , prince of gerona , prince of viana , .
duke of montblanc , count of cervera and lord of balaguer , in 2004 , her .
wardrobe has undergone a remarkable transformation .
out .
went grey suits and in came a more colourful , feminine style - .
although , as a recent appearance at the a reception for members of the .
patronage of the prince of asturias foundation at the royal palace in .
madrid revealed , she 's yet to give up the black .
so what .
are the secrets of princess letizia 's enviable style ?
like the duchess .
of cambridge , she knows what suits her lean body shape and is .
partial to a knee-length shift dress and a bracelet sleeve .
she .
adores a leg-lengthening nude heel and is almost as addicted to her .
magrit suede tan court shoes as kate is to her nude patent l.k bennett .
` sledge ' heels .
scroll down for video .
assured : spain 's queen-in-waiting princess letizia , pictured here with angelica rivera , wife of mexico 's president , has become increasingly stylish since her marriage .
glamorous : the 41-year-old , seen here on the steps of the zarzuela palace in madrid , has swapped