by .
daily mail reporters .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu said saturday that he has given the country 's security forces the permission to use ` all measures ' to find three teenagers who authorities say were kidnapped in a jewish settlement on the west bank .
the three teens have not been seen or heard from since thursday evening or friday morning , and an islamic extremist group called dawlat al-islam has reportedly taken credit for the abductions .
' -lrb- they were -rrb- kidnapped by a terror organization , there is no doubt about that , ' netanyahu said in a nationally televised address saturday .
scroll down for video .
demands : israeli president benjamin netanyahu says it is the responsibility of the palestinian government to find three israeli teens kidnapped by terror group .
netanyahu went on to say that ` it is the responsibility ' of the palestinian authority to help find the young men .
the prime minister says that he has asked palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas ` to do everything to help bring them back in peace .
' the organization , linked to isis , distributed pamphlets about the kidnappings in hebron , haaretz reported .
israel security services are investigating the claims .
isis are the group of bloody-thirsty jihadists behind this week 's iraq insurgency .
israeli soldiers searched the west bank on friday for the missing teenagers , who are also feared kidnapped by palestinian militants .
men pose with automatic rifles and a stationary machine gun , with the isis flag propped up behind them .
an extremist group linked to the jihadists has claimed responsibility for the alleged kidnappings of three teens in israel .
israeli soldiers deploy near the west bank city of hebron on friday .
israeli soldiers searched the west bank on friday for three missing teenagers from nearby settlements , one of them a u.s. citizen , amid fears palestinian militants abducted them , authorities said .
authorities .
offered little detail , with local media only reporting the hitchhiking .
teenagers left their yeshiva , or religious seminary , on thursday night .
and had not been seen since .
soldiers near hebron combed the rocky hills .
of the west bank searching for them on friday .
the disappearances come after the formation of a palestinian unity government following