a terrorist attack on an all-boys school in northen nigeria killed 48 students and teachers and injured 79 after a suicide bomber detonated during morning assembly .
the perpetrator was dressed in a school uniform , and entered the schoolyard in potiskum , yobe state , on monday morning before carrying out the attack among the students .
local police believe boko haram is responsible for the attack on the secondary school , which follows a ` western curriculum ' .
bomb : at least 48 teenagers died , and 79 were injured , after a suicide bomber dressed in school uniform detonated during morning assembly at a secondary school in yobe state in northern nigeria .
the massacre came just a day after the release of a new boko haram video in which the group 's leader , abubakar shekau , again rejected nigerian government claims of a ceasefire and peace talks .
students at the government comprehensive senior science secondary school in potiskum were waiting to hear the principal 's daily address when the explosion happened , just before 8am .
` there was an explosion detonated by a suicide bomber , ' national police spokesman emmanuel ojukwu said , adding that boko haram was believed responsible .
` so far , the number of the dead is 48 , while 79 are injured .
i counted the bodies , mostly students and a few teachers , ' a .
nurse at potiskum general hospital said .
' a teacher who survived the blast with minor injury said the .
bomber dressed like a student and was also on the assembly .
ground with the students , ' she said , asking to remain anonymous .
survivors : students from the government comprehensive senior science secondary school are being treated at the general hospital in potiskum .
aftermath : a teacher from the school who survived the suicide attack said the death toll is likely to rise .
adamu alkassim said the scene was a mass of abandoned footwear , blood and flesh , as the victims were taken to the potiskum general hospital , just 330ft away .
mariam ibrahim , a teacher at the government comprehensive senior science secondary school said the bomb went .
off as she was arriving and students were at morning assembly .
potiskum resident aliyu abubakar said he heard the explosion