director kevin smith has landed in hot water for sharing on social media a heart-breaking photo showing him cradling the body of his dying dog mulder .
the 44-year-old filmmaker and actor posted a message on facebook wednesday morning telling his fans that his faithful 17-year-old dog , mulder , was sick and nearing the end .
hours later smith posted the sad news that his mulder , ` my buddy-man ' had passed away , writing , ` thank you for 17 years of sheer joy and affection .
it took a dog like you to make me a better person .
' last goodbye : director kevin smith shared this touching image of him embracing the body of his very sick dog , mulder , on his social media accounts wednesday .
target of criticism : the director of clerks and tusk was called out by some reddit users for allegedly trying to draw attention to himself by sharing the photo .
in an earlier post , smith had outlined the deep love he had for his dog and how he took him everywhere with him after the 17-year-old pooch 's health began to fail .
` as i 've spent the last year carrying him around like hodor , ' smith wrote , referring to a character from game of thrones , ` i 'm not taking this terribly well .
` they never tell you when you get a dog , but there is a price to pay for being the recipient of 17 years of unconditional love , loyalty and companionship : they take a huge chunk of your heart with them when they go .
' he then added : ` mulder was beyond worth it .
f *** , this hurts ... ' at around 1pm on wednesday , the director of cult film clerks and the recent horror flick tusk , posted an update announcing the passing of his four-legged companion .
clearing up any misconception that the earlier picture was taken after mulder had passed away , smith revealed in a later facebook update that he was holding his dog in the picture to reduce his suffering as he reached the end .
` he was still fighting to stay above ground - which is why i 'm holding him on his back -lrb- he could n't breath laying on his