it seems these two real estate agents saved their dirty tricks for the bedroom .
coldwell banker realtors robert lindsay and jeannemarie phelan have allegedly been caught on camera having sex numerous times in a new jersey home which they were trying to sell about two years ago .
now they 're being sued by the owners , denville 's richard and sandra weiner , who claim the agents deliberately steered away potential buyers so they could use the house for their ` sexual escapades ' .
dirty tricks : realtors robert lindsay -lrb- left -rrb- and jeannemarie phelan -lrb- right -rrb- have been accused of having sex in a new jersey home which they were hired to market and sell .
the weiners also claim lindsay , a former passaic county board of realtors president , made a duplicate .
key and intentionally over-priced the home to discourage buyers from december 2011 to january 2012 .
northjersey.com reports the couple is suing both lindsay and phelan for committing the ` ultimate breach of trust ' and coldwell for violating the realtor code of ethics .
according to the suit filed on december 6 , the weiners began working with lindsay and coldwell in early 2010 when lindsay repeatedly told them the wayne home would sell for $ 650,000 .
the couple contracted him to list it in december 2011 .
that 's when the trouble allegedly began .
on december 27 , 2011 , security cameras allegedly captured the agents hugging and kissing in the kitchen before undressing and having sex on the weiners ' bed .
the suit says footage shows the pair allegedly hooking up many more times until they were busted by cops on january 23 , 2012 .
` sandra weiner happened to be checking the video cameras feed at .
the time and saw strange people in the house with what she thought were .
flashlights , ' the suit states .
` the house was dark at the time .
the weiners called the .
local police , who then went to the house .
` the police opened the .
door to the house and found lindsay pulling up his pants .
lindsay lied to police by telling them that he was there to .
prepare the house for an open house .
` instead , lindsay and phelan were .
at