by .
olivia fleming .
published : .
13:54 est , 6 april 2012 .
| .
updated : .
14:51 est , 6 april 2012 .
the blog sea of shoes chronicles dallas native jane aldridge and her infatuation with designer shoes .
co-managed by her divorced parents , the blog features miss aldridge 's own styling ideas , shopping finds and vast luxury shoe collection , which has led to a devoted following of over 400,000 hits per month .
started five years ago after her parents invested ` several hundred thousand dollars , mostly in shoes ' , the now 20-year-old has decided to skip college in favour of moving into her own apartment to continue the blog .
new season stilettos : the parents of 20-year-old jane aldridge admitted to spending $ 70,000 on her blog , mostly for shoes .
when a reporter revealed that her parents estimate the investment in her blog ` runs several hundred thousand dollars , ' neither miss aldridge nor her .
mother judy , denied it , admitting it was ` closer to $ 70,000 ' .
however , after online fashion sites .
began to highlight the expenses incurred her .
parents , miss aldridge hit back yesterday calling the profile ` grossly exaggerated .
and highly stylized ' on twitter .
the .
less-than-flattering profile was first published in the texas monthly , .
where the blogger lives , and painted a picture of her daily life where .
she documents her pricey designer shoe collection .
the reporter , jason sheeler wrote about miss aldridge 's reservations on attending college , and her mother 's disdain for her younger daughter 's affinity for shopping at sales .
both points have since garnered attention from various fashion sites .
mr sheeler reported in the profile : ' `` why should i go to college ?
'' jane asked me a few months ago , as .
she grabbed a glass of champagne off a passing tray at a boutique party .
we both attended .
`` i 'm already doing what i want .
'' ' he continued : ` we pass by the discounter nordstrom rack -lrb- `` gross !
'' says judy .
`` carol made me go there one time , and i wanted to punch myself '' -rrb- .
sea of shoes :