by .
bianca london .
designing a clothing range , working on her solo pop career and fronting beauty campaigns - is nicole scherzinger the hardest working girl in showbiz ?
judging by her latest gig , it would seem so .
the former pussycat doll is again the face of herbal essences ' new range and looks every inch the moroccan goddess in the campaign imagery .
nicole , who has been the brand 's ambassador since last year , has unveiled the latest collection , moroccan my shine .
new campaign : nicole scherzinger has just been unveiled as the new face of herbal essence 's latest range .
speaking about the product range , she said : ' i love the shampoo and conditioner , it keeps my hair super shiny and also smells .
amazing .
` it 's a little bit of gorge-wah magic in a bottle and after .
shampooing and conditioning , my hair is restored to touchable best .
' aside from her duties with the haircare giant , the former x factor judge , 35 , has been busy creating a new clothing line for missguided , which went on sale earlier this month .
glossy locks : nicole wears a feminine pink dress and chunky jewellery as the face of the beauty brand 's latest campaign .
firm fan : speaking about the new product she 's promoting , nicole said : ` it 's a little bit of gorge-wah magic in a bottle and after shampooing and conditioning , my hair is restored to touchable best ' the debut 30-piece collection aims to .
take influence directly from nicole 's statement style , uniting her .
favourite signature looks with the season 's most coveted trends .
` it 's .
inspired by the catwalk mixed with my personal style .
i would describe .
it as clean , sexy , strong , ' she told mailonline at the time .
hawaiian-born nicole , who was ranked .
vh1 's sexiest artist of all time this year , also opened up her beauty bag for femail - .
and fans will be pleased to hear that she loves a good budget buy .
' i .
love dr murad toner and i really like the bliss triple oxygen instant .
energising eye masks , they 're really tingly and