by .
chris parsons .
updated : .
04:55 est , 20 february 2012 .
a computer expert who ` plotted a # 350,000 fraud ' is facing jail today after admitting he stole the personal details of more than eight million people .
edward pearson , 23 , also admitted he illegally obtained the credit card details of 400 paypal customers in an 18-month scam .
his 21-year-old sociology student girlfriend also admitted trying to pay for luxury hotel stays using the stolen paypal details .
stolen : edward pearson admitted to obtaining the credit card details of 400 paypal customers -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
cassandra mennim pleaded guilty to obtaining services dishonestly after admitting telling staff at two luxury york hotels she would make payments of around # 700 using stolen credit card details .
pearson , originally from blandford forum , dorset , admitted three counts relating to fraud offences .
he confessed to having access to more than 400 compromised paypal accounts and the illegally obtained personal details of more than eight million people .
pearson wrote the two pieces of software used to accumulate the vast amount of data discovered on the computers .
prosecutors have previously stated that pearson plotted with miss mennim to pull off a # 350,000 fraud .
the couple appeared side by side in the dock at southwark crown court this morning .
pearson pleaded guilty to one count of possession of articles for use in fraud and two counts of making or adapting an article for use in frauds .
mennim , dressed in black suit and blue top , pleaded guilty to two counts of obtaining services dishonestly after the court heard she targeted the cedar court grand hotel and lady anne middleton 's hotel , both in york .
all the offences were carried out between january 1 , 2010 , and august 30 , 2011 .
pearson 's girlfriend cassandra mennim tried to pay for a luxury hotel stay at the cedar court grand hotel in york .
mennim also used paypal details to tell staff she would pay for an expensive stay at lady anne middleton 's hotel , in york .
pearson and mennim were originally charged with conspiracy to commit fraud between the same dates and conspiracy to supply drugs , but today entered not guilty pleas to the two counts .