liverpool boss brendan rodgers needs to explain his team selection against real madrid to the fans , uefa president michel platini said on wednesday .
rodgers incurred the wrath of some reds supporters on social media sites when he left steven gerrard , raheem sterling , jordan henderson , mario balotelli and philippe coutinho out of the starting line-up , with an eye on the weekend 's premier league encounter with chelsea .
champions league rules state clubs must field their strongest sides but uefa is not considering any action .
platini pointed out liverpool only lost 1-0 in spain last night compared to an apparently stronger line-up losing 3-0 at anfield .
real madrid striker karim benzema celebrates after scoring the winning goal against liverpool on tuesday .
reds boss brenda rodgers opted to rest seven first-team players for the trip to the bernabeu .
alberto moreno -lrb- right -rrb- attempts to chase down gareth bale -lrb- left -rrb- during liverpool 's champions league defeat .
platini , speaking on his first visit to st george 's park , england 's national football centre in burton-on-trent , said : ` first of all he has to explain to his fans why he put this team - not to me , not to you .
` are you sure it was not the best team ?
how can i say that ?
the coach of liverpool , if i say something , he 'll say , `` oh , michel platini , i put my best team of the moment .
'' and i would be stupid .
` if i am the coach of liverpool i say , `` it 's my best team .
how you can prove it 's not your best team ?
'' i ca n't interfere with that .
' i think we give a lot of money to the national associations , to the clubs to have their best teams .
but they want to win , everybody , because there is the prize money , there is many things .
the best team is what the coach put .
' steven gerrard , glen johnson and jordan henderson -lrb- from left to right -rrb- started on the bench against real .
uefa president michel platini -lrb- right -rrb- believes rodgers should have to explain his team selection to the fans .
platini