by .
graham smith .
published : .
07:40 est , 13 march 2012 .
| .
updated : .
14:39 est , 13 march 2012 .
mitt romney is today hoping to seal his status as the republican presidential front-runner with a thus-far elusive victory in the conservative deep south .
the pivotal primaries in alabama and mississippi come as a new poll appears to prove just how non-progressive some gop voters in the region are .
an astonishing 29 per cent of republican voters in mississippi believe that interracial marriage should be illegal .
front-runner : mitt romney addresses supporters outside the whistle stop cafe in mobile , alabama , yesterday .
a poll has revealed that 21 per cent of gop voters in the state oppose interracial marriage , rising to 29 per cent in mississippi .
this number falls to a still significant 21 per cent among self-declared gop supporters in alabama , according to the survey by public police polling .
in mississippi , 54 per cent said they were in favour of mixed-race marriage , a figure that increased to 67 per cent in alabama .
interracial marriage has been legal across the u.s. since june 1967 , when a supreme court ruling banned anti-miscegenation laws then enforced in 16 states .
today 's closely-forced primaries in alabama and mississippi offer mr romney a key opportunity in a region that has been slow to embrace him .
the primaries are also poised to render a possible final verdict on newt gingrich 's southern-focused candidacy .
with polls showing an unexpectedly tight race in the conservative heartland states , mr romney made a campaign appearance yesterday in alabama - a clear indication he is eyeing a potential win there .
the former massachusetts governor campaigned with southern comedian jeff foxworthy and poked fun at his own lack of hunting skills , saying he hoped to set out with an alabama friend who ` can actually show me which end of the rifle to point ' .
meeting the public : the former massachusetts governor greets supporters inside the cafe .
still fighting : fellow candidate newt gingrich addresses the alabama republicans forum at the alabama theater in birmingham last night .
battling to become mr romney 's main conservative challenger , mr gingrich and rick santorum both spoke at an energy forum in mississippi and