by .
john stevens and alan roden for the daily mail .
david cameron has insisted he will not resign if scotland votes to quit the united kingdom in two weeks ' time .
the prime minister said it would ` break my heart ' if the 307-year-old union were to end -- but stressed it was ` absolutely right ' to give scottish voters the chance to leave .
the pro-union no campaign has seen its lead slip from 22 percentage points to just six in the past month .
david cameron , visiting a school in wales , today insisted he will not resign if scotland votes for independence , as ed miliband told labour voters in lanarkshire that the tories are already on the way out .
sir bob geldof has urged scotland to reject independence , saying nationalism is a ` very dangerous political animal ' .
the live aid organiser added : ` i know this -- i 'm irish .
it 's a cheap .
political trick which twists the understanding of who we are .
` i .
understand the emotional impulse towards independence .
but always .
consider `` independence '' in inverted commas , because what the f *** does .
it mean ?
we are entirely dependent on one another .
none of us , in our .
private lives or our political constructs , are ever independent .
' last night it was rumoured that .
nationalists have seen private polling data that puts them in the lead .
for the first time in more than year .
on a visit to scotland yesterday , mr .
miliband announced labour would draft in party heavyweights including .
lord prescott for a last-ditch campaigning blitz next week .
gordon brown .
will also appear in a joint rally with mr miliband .
the labour .
leader , who has 41 mps in scottish seats , admitted he is under pressure .
after polls showed that up to a third of his party 's supporters back .
independence .
critics said he had only made a handful of visits north of .
the border , despite a pledge earlier this summer that there was ` no .
bigger priority ' than keeping scotland in the union .
appearing in .
blantyre , south lanarkshire , where party founder keir hardie was