by .
sara nathan .
and ashley collman .
captain phillips actor barkhad abdi was stopped by immigration officials returning to the u.s. last month after traveling to london to receive the bafta award for best supporting actor .
the somali-born actor who made his first film appearance as a pirate involved in the 2009 hijacking of the mearsk alabama , was flagged for his criminal history including arrests for drug possession and credit card fraud .
abdi , a permanent resident of the u.s. , now faces a hearing with customs and border protection this week that carries the possibility of deportation , a source told the star tribune .
however , that same source said it was unlikely 28-year-old abdi would actually be deported since customs officials usually only do that in the most serious cases .
scroll down for video .
flagged : captain phillips actor barkhad abdi was stopped by immigration officials returning to the u.s. last month after receiving the best supporting actor award at the baftas in london .
criminal history : the somali-born actor was stopped for his criminal record including arrests for drug possession and credit car fraud .
me & mr hanks : oscar winner tom hanks played captain richard phillips in the movie inspired by the 2009 maersk alabama hijacking , during which merchant mariner captain phillips was taken hostage by pirates in the indian ocean led by abduwali muse .
the pair pose at the golden globes .
but , as mailonline has learned , barkhad .
has also been charged with a number of offenses ranging from card fraud .
to giving a police officer a fraudulent name .
on august 18 , 2012 , barkhad was arrested by black hawk county sheriff 's county office in iowa , along with four others after cops were called to a disturbance on mm 60 near gilberstville .
a police report from the time states : ` on arrival , two subjects were holding another subject down on the ground after he had allegedly ingested a plant leave material called ` khat ' and drank a partial bottle of liquid tylenol .
` the combination of the two caused the subject to lose control of his faculties and attempt to jump out of a moving vehicle .
` deputies during their investigation found suspected marijuana in the vehicle as well