maxine carr , now 37 , served 21 months in jail for providing child killer ian huntley with a false alibi .
maxine carr met her ` besotted ' new husband on facebook and spent months exchanging messages with him online before revealing her shameful past , it has emerged .
the 37-year-old , who served 21 months in jail for providing killer ian huntley with a false alibi after he murdered holly wells and jessica chapman , both ten , in 2002 , is said to have initiated the romance after finding him online .
carr , who now lives under a new identity thanks to a lifelong anonymity order , spent months exchanging messages with the man who she ended up marrying in a # 5,000 private ceremony last week .
according to sources , former teaching assistant carr ` entranced ' her lover , who is now said to be ` utterly devoted ' to her despite knowing about her shameful past .
a source told the sun : ` he 's lovely and does n't like drama .
he 's totally under the control of maxine .
` it took time for him to get to grips with who she was , but by then he was utterly devoted .
' he apparently had no idea of her real identity until she revealed it to him several months after finding him online , much to the surprise and shock of his family .
however , despite her past , the pair recently splashed out on a wedding at a three-star country hotel where guests enjoyed a three-course banquet and sparkling wine .
after exchanging vows in front of a registrar , the newlyweds posed for photographs on the hotel 's patio before toasting their nuptials with friends and family .
the former girlfriend of soham murderer huntley wore a # 2,000 ivory dress for her big day and was given away by her 71-year-old mother .
following the ceremony , the newlyweds departed for a honeymoon at a family-friendly resort , although it is not known whether they travelled abroad or remained in the uk for the romantic break .
due to her lifelong anonymity order , carr assumes a completely new identity and is said to have changed her appearance so she is not easily recognisable .
scroll down for video .
schoolgirls holly wells