by .
luke salkeld .
published : .
17:28 est , 1 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:57 est , 2 november 2013 .
a pet rabbit has apparently become the latest victim of false widow spiders .
only hours earlier one-year-old molly had been hopping happily around the garden .
but she was found dead in her hutch after it was infested by the poisonous creatures .
recently false widow spiders have put several people in hospital after biting them and even caused a school to be closed temporarily .
victim : the body of the pet rabbit , called molly , was found next to a spider 's web with five false widows crawling around .
molly 's owner samantha davies found her dead when she went to feed her two rabbits , molly and milly .
when the 21-year-old removed molly 's body , she found a hammock-shaped web and up to five spiders scuttling around the hutch .
after using the internet to identify them as false widows , miss davies became worried for the safety of her 18-month-old daughter , rosie .
she contacted her local environmental health department in the hope of having her home treated for infestation .
her request was declined , but an officer told her he was 98 per cent certain the spider was responsible for molly 's death .
yesterday miss davies , a kitchen assistant , said : ` we could n't believe it when we saw the spiders .
i was really upset when molly died .
devastated : samantha davies , 21 , pictured with her 18-month-old daughter rosie and partner scott barnes , was told by an environmental health officer he was 98 per cent certain the pet 's death was caused by the spiders .
` i really did n't want the spiders around my daughter .
we asked environmental health if they could help us , but they refused .
` if it had been a rat , they would have done something , but not with poisonous spiders .
' miss davies , who lives with her partner scott barnes and their daughter in mountain ash , south wales , has since disinfected the hutch where milly still lives , and killed the spiders she found last weekend .
venomous : the false widow spider has caused a school