an anonymous letter sent to dr. martin luther king jr. in which he is called a ` filthy abnormal animal ' and urged to kill himself has been made public for the first time in its unredacted form .
an anonymous letter sent to dr. martin luther king jr. in which he is called a ` filthy abnormal animal ' and urged to kill himself has been made public for the first time in its unredacted form .
the letter , written in 1964 by an fbi deputy posing as a disillusioned civil rights activist , was an attempt by j edgar hoover to unsettle the civil rights leader just days before he received the 1964 nobel peace prize .
a heavily censored version of the ` suicide letter ' has been published before , but a yale university historian recently unearthed an unredacted copy .
beverly gage was researching a book about hoover in the national archive when she accidentally came across the letter .
` i was surprised to find a full , uncensored version of the letter tucked away in a reprocessed set of his official and confidential files at the national archives , ' she told the new york times .
former fbi director hoover feared king so much that he had classified him as ` the most dangerous and effective negro leader in the country ' .
with his agents desperately searching for something they could use to destroy king , the only thing they could find was about his extramarital affairs .
when hoover learned that king would be the recipient of the 1964 nobel peace prize , he stepped up his attack , instructing his agents to send king the anonymous note in which they threatened to divulge details about his affairs if he did n't take his own life .
scroll down to the letter in full .
former fbi director hoover left , feared king so much that he had classified him as ` the most dangerous and effective negro leader in the country ' , while the original letter was recently uncovered by yale university historian beverly gage , right .
the typewritten note , featuring misspellings and deliberately poor grammar , was written by an agent called william sullivan .
it was accompanied by a cassette recording containing evidence of king 's now well documented extramarital liaisons , which