by .
emily allen .
published : .
06:08 est , 17 august 2012 .
| .
updated : .
06:55 est , 17 august 2012 .
anthrax is very rare but it 's a bacterial infection caused by bacillus anthracis -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
a drug user has died after being infected with anthrax , health experts said .
the health protection agency said that a person who injected drugs died in hospital in blackpool .
the name of the person or the hospital has not been disclosed .
the hpa said the source of the infection is presumed to be contaminated heroin .
the news comes after a spate of cases in europe since early june .
the hpa said it is ` unclear ' whether the case in blackpool and another case in scotland - which was confirmed at the end of july - are linked to the european outbreak .
anthrax is a rare bacterial infection and is primarily a disease of herbivorous mammals , though other animals and some birds can also contract it .
bacillus anthracis spores can survive in the environment for years or decades .
dependent on the dose and route of exposure , the symptoms may develop within a week of taking heroin .
an hpa spokesperson said : ` the patient .
comes from the north west of england and was taken to hospital earlier .
this week and died shortly afterwards .
` the infection was cultured in the laboratory and the results came back last night that it was anthrax .
` it is very difficult to identify the .
source of the anthrax because the spores are miniscule .
we do not know .
where it may have originated .
` we are telling people on the ground who .
work with drugs users to be aware of the danger and look out for gashes .
that develop around injection sites .
addict : heroin users have been warned to look out for signs of infection which include redness or .
excessive swelling or high temperatures , chills or headache .
` you can treat anthrax with antibiotics .
if caught early , otherwise it can be fatal .
that is the vital message we .
are trying to get out .
' since june there have been seven .
confirmed cases of the infection - one