an apache combat helicopter has crashed during a night-time training mission in idaho , killing both pilots on board .
the defence department will investigate the crash after the idaho army national guard helicopter went down only two miles south of its training base near boise international airport .
it was n't immediately clear whether the crew was heading to or returning from a mission .
police and military officials discuss how to manage the crash site after the helicopter went down about 7pm .
pilots fly an idaho national guard helicopter away from the crash site where two of their colleagues were killed .
a coroner 's van drives past the police cordon and towards the crash site where two men were killed .
colonel tim marsano , a national guard spokesman , confirmed the two men had been killed in the crash but would not identify them as their relatives had yet to be notified .
he told kboi2 : ` it is a very difficult evening for us in the idaho national guard .
we do n't know the reasons why -lsb- it crashed -rsb- .
we ca n't speculate at this point .
' it was confirmed there was no fire or explosion in the crash , which occurred about 7pm , and the two men 's bodies were not burnt .
prior to the crash , the idaho army national guard had 16 apache helicopters at its gowen field training base .
it has a training area about 20 miles south of gowen field , but pilots also train over other areas .
major general gary sayler , commander of the idaho national guard , released a statement expressing his condolences to the victims ' families .
` the men and women of the idaho national guard are united in grief at the loss of two of our brothers in arms , who gave their lives while training to defend our nation .
` our thoughts and prayers are with their families .
' boise firefighters initially responded to the crash but then turned the scene over to the national guard , fire chief dennis doan said , while ada county sheriff 's deputies secured the site and blocked media access .