by .
daily mail reporter .
the wife of formula one motor racing team chief sir frank williams has died after a two-year battle with cancer .
lady virginia williams , 66 , passed away peacefully at home last thursday with her husband and family at her bedside .
a statement from the williams grand prix team said : ` it is with great sadness that we .
report the death of lady virginia williams , wife of williams founder and team principal sir frank williams .
loving : lady virginia williams and her husband frank .
she was his ` rock ' after his car accident .
` lady virginia , or ` ginny ' as she was .
better known , died peacefully at the family home .
ginny had been bravely .
battling cancer for the past two and a half years .
author : lady williams told of her life with husband frank in a book .
` it goes without saying that virginia .
williams played an enormous role in getting sir frank through the .
aftermath of his road car accident and she had been a rock in his life ever since .
` ginny will always be an integral part of williams ' history and success , and today we pay tribute to a much loved member of the williams family who will be sorely missed .
` please respect the family 's wishes for privacy at this time .
' in a moving tribute , mclaren racing chairman ron dennis described lady williams as a ` truly great lady .
' he said : ` i 'm extremely saddened to hear the news .
ginny , as we always called her , was friendly and fun , yet also a tower of strength and intelligence .
` she supported my old friend frank through many triumphs and disasters , treating those two imposters just the same , over a long and happy marriage .
` she 'll be missed not only by the williams family , to whom we offer our condolences at this very difficult time , but also by the entire motorsport community worldwide .
' the williams have three children , claire , jonathan and jaime .
in 1991 , lady williams wrote an extraordinary book , ` a different kind of life , ' about her relationship with