by .
kerry mcdermott .
published : .
08:33 est , 14 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:51 est , 14 may 2013 .
david cameron paid tribute to the spirit of boston 's people today as he visited the site of the marathon bombings that devastated the city a month ago .
the prime minister was accompanied by massachusetts governor deval patrick as he toured the memorials that have been piling up in copley square since the atrocity that left three people dead and more than 260 injured .
` everyone in the uk stands with your great city and your great people , ' mr cameron told reporters gathered in the square .
scroll down for video .
tributes : prime minister david cameron walks with massachusetts governor deval patrick along the route lined with flowers and american flags in boston .
mr cameron said it was crucial to challenge the ` narrative of violent extremism ' .
that meant ` standing for the values that we believe in ' , such as freedom , democracy and diversity .
` we know how important it is to stand up and say the terrorists will not win , ' the premier added .
` we will never give in to terrorists .
' the tribute came on the second day of mr cameron 's three-day trip to the us .
in washington yesterday , he held talks with president barack obama on issues including syria , iran and global trade .
however , he has been unable to escape the spectre of tory jousting over the eu at home .
memorial : the prime minister looked solemn as he surveyed the makeshift memorial that has been created in boston 's copley square , where mourners have left flowers , messages , t-shirts and running shoes .
` believe in boston ' : the explosions close to the finish line of the marathon on april 15 left three people dead and hundreds injured .
mr cameron appeared solemn as he surveyed the hundreds of tributes to the victims of the bombings ; from candles , flags and handwritten messages , to t-shirts and running shoes .
the makeshift memorial has been growing ever since the april 15 explosions close to the finish line of the world-famous boston marathon .
spectators krystle campbell , 29 , lu lingzi