by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
published : .
07:01 est , 23 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:18 est , 23 october 2013 .
to be happy is to be alone -- or at least live in some of the most remote parts of the british isles .
by contrast those who live in over-crowded cities like london and liverpool are more likely to be anxious , unhappy and unsatisfied with life .
however experts analysing the wellbeing of the nation reveal the overall happiness of the nation may have been boosted by falling unemployment and the london olympics .
happy nation : in the last year happiness has increased in scotland and northern island , but have fallen in the south of england .
areas with the highest average ratings for happiness : .
1 .
eilean siar -lrb- western isles -rrb- , orkney and shetland , scotland .
2 .
dumfries and galloway , scotland .
3 .
scottish highlands .
4 .
gwynedd , wales .
5 .
perth and kinross , scotland .
areas with the lowest average ratings for happiness : .
1 .
bedford , bedfordshire .
2 .
merseyside , north west england .
3 .
stoke on trent , west midlands .
4 .
north lanarkshire , scotland .
5 .
caerphilly , wales .
people who live in orkney , shetland and eilean siar report the highest levels of life satisfaction , self - worth and happiness across the whole of great britain , new data shows from the office for national statistics .
locals also have very low levels of anxiety , coming second in the table only to dumfries and galloway , the ons said .
dawn snape , head of personal wellbeing at the ons , said : ` it looks like eilean siar is the place to be .
' but on a regional basis london had the lowest average rating for life satisfaction and the highest average rating for anxiety , both higher than the uk average .
in a breakdown of council areas , people living in stoke-on-trent in the west midlands have the lowest levels of self-worth and life satisfaction .
people in the area are also unhappy - reporting the third lowest levels of happiness in the nation behind bedford and merseyside .
worthwhile : people