how france manager didier deschamps must wish he had this group of legends to call upon in his quest for euro 2016 glory .
thierry henry , marcel desailly , zinedine zidane and patrick vieira all took to the stade de france turf before france 's defeat to brazil on thursday night to celebrate their position as national centurions .
together , they are four of just six players to be capped more than 100 times by les bleus , with deschamps another and all-time leader lilian thuram making up the list .
-lrb- left-right -rrb- zinedine zidane , thierry henry , marcel desailly and patrick vieira celebrate 100 caps for france .
the group are just four of the six players to have appeared more than 100 times for france .
henry -lrb- left -rrb- shares a joke on the stade de france pitch with former international team-mate desailly .
all four players are also world cup and european championship winners with france .
lilian thuram - 142 caps .
thierry henry - 123 .
marcel desailly - 116 .
zinedine zidane - 108 .
patrick vieira - 107 .
didier deschamps - 103 .
thuram possesses 142 caps , with henry second on 123 and defender desailly third with 116 .
zidane is next up with 108 , then vieira on 107 and finally current boss deschamps on 103 .
and of the six , four started the 1998 world cup final on the same paris pitch where they became champions , while vieira came off the bench during the 3-0 triumph and henry was an unused substitute - although he was france 's top scorer in the tournament with three goals .
all six of them also started the final as france beat italy 2-1 in extra-time to win euro 2000 .
france coach didier deschamps -lrb- left -rrb- is another national centurion as they were honoured alongside french president francois hollande -lrb- third left -rrb- and french football federation president noel le graet -lrb- third right -rrb- .
-lrb- top row -rrb- henry , vieira and zidane , -lrb- bottom row -rrb- deschamps , lilian thuram - france 's all-time most-capped player who did n't appear at the ceremony - and desailly all in action for their country .
henry , with his ticket in hand , chats to fellow france legend zidane ahead of the