by .
daily mail reporters .
published : .
14:58 est , 31 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
12:23 est , 1 january 2013 .
a new york times journalist who has worked as a correspondent in china since 2000 has been forced to leave the country following the paper 's report about the prime minister 's family wealth .
chris buckley , a 45-year-old australian reporter known for his balanced reporting and rigor , flew out of beijing with his partner and 12-year-old daughter on monday after authorities failed to renew his annual media accreditation and residence visa before the december 31 deadline .
he had sought to update his paperwork after leaving reuters , a news agency and rejoining the times in september .
despite numerous requests , authorities did not act in time and he has now flown to hong kong , the times reported .
report : in october , the new york times revealed chinese prime minister wen jiabao 's family 's wealth .
a times correspondent in china , chris buckley , has now failed to have his visa renewed .
requests to transfer visas in the country are usually processed within weeks and buckley has reportedly received no official explanation about why he has not received his .
the delay could be seen as retaliation for an october 25 news report about the family wealth of the chinese premier , wen jiabao , the sydney morning herald reported .
the report revealed mr wen 's relatives had acquired at least $ 2.7 billion in assets .
within hours of it being published , the powers-that-be in the communist state blocked the paper 's website both in english and chinese .
searches for the publication 's site .
as well as the names of mr wen 's family members were also barred on the .
country 's main microblog service with the chinese government describing .
the feature as a ` smear ' .
kicked out : the new york times -lrb- new york hq pictured -rrb- said buckley has now flown to hong kong .
but it was just one in a series of foreign reports about how leading communist party families have acquired enormous wealth despite their professed socialist ideals .
bloomberg has also been blocked in china since a june 29 investigative report that close relatives of new