a former royal marine killed fighting islamic state extremists was last night described as a ` one-man army ' who was ` very angry about the middle east ' .
konstandinos erik scurfield , 25 , was hit by mortar fire while battling alongside kurdish forces near the syrian city of qamishli .
he is believed to have flown to the region after becoming horrified by atrocities carried out by is and his fellow fighters said he was the first to volunteer for ambushes and assaults .
scroll down for video .
last message : in the video message mr scurfield says he was in syria of his ` own free will ' and had gone there ` to help ' konstandinos erik scurfield -lrb- kneeling -rrb- pictured with jordan matson -lrb- second from right -rrb- , a former us soldier .
the marine 's family , who live in a detached former farmhouse in royston , near barnsley , south yorkshire , were devastated at being told of his death on monday .
in a statement , they said : ` his flame might have burned briefly but it burned brightly with love , courage , conviction and honour and we are very proud of him .
' last night video footage emerged of the afghanistan veteran in syria wearing combat gear , jeans and a black t-shirt .
speaking to the camera he says : ` my name is konstandinos erik scurfield .
i came here on my own free will and i came here to help .
' it also emerged that he was questioned by police last october on suspicion of going to syria to fight jihadists .
on camera : mr scurfield introduces himself to the camera before giving a short message explaining why he has gone to fight isis .
mr scurfield -lrb- pictured -rrb- , one whose fellow-fighters said he ` gave his life combating terrorism for his nation ' he was preparing to fly from the us to turkey after contacting a kurdish group on facebook .
he was returned to his unit in arbroath , scotland , but decided to leave the armed forces before christmas so he could travel to the war-torn region to fight .
konstandinos erik scurfield was stopped from joining kurdish forces last october when he was still a serving royal marine .
he had been training