by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
21:15 est , 26 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
03:51 est , 27 november 2012 .
a student in connecticut drowned at his high school 's pool after he lay on the bottom for 17 minutes while his classmates splashed and swam above him .
malvrick donkor , 14 , slipped below the water during a swimming class at manchester high school on wednesday .
surveillance video reportedly shows no splashing or struggling to swim .
he was only found after other students began to leave the pool after class ended and spotted him at the bottom of the deep end .
tragic : no one noticed that malvrick donkor was drowning for 17 minutes - until students started to get out of the pool when class ended .
` there 's no splashing , no flailing like you would typically think of , ' a source who watched the cctv tape told the hartford courant .
` he just slipped under water .
other kids were swimming over the top of him , not knowing he was down below .
' it is unknown how many adults were supervising the students and how the lifeguards never spotted malvrick drowning .
the swimming teacher , thayer redman , has been suspended with pay , though the school district wo n't comment on whether they are investigating the teacher for misconduct .
mr redman is the boy 's track and field .
coach at manchester high school and was one of eight finalists for the .
national coach of the year in 2011 .
consequences : the pool at manchester high school is closed and swim classes have been canceled ` indefinitely ' as administrators try to figure out how no one saw the student drowning .
suspended : thayer redman , the swimming teacher , has been put on administrative leave with pay .
he is a well-respected track and field coach .
the pool has been closed and swimming classes have been suspended indefinitely .
hundreds of students , parents and teachers turned out at the school for a memorial service to member malvrick on monday .
` while we all want to better understand what happened , our focus at this time is on helping all members of the school community through this huge loss ,