things have n't been going well for manchester united flop anderson since he left old trafford to return to brazil , but at least on wednesday his own errors were outshone by the stupidity of a team-mate .
the brazilian midfielder was sent off for internacional after a first-half off-the-ball shove on ypiranga erechim striker otacilio neto that also saw his opponent sent off for retaliating with an elbow .
but fortunately for anderson , his colleague fabricio stole the limelight by swearing at his own fans and becoming the third player to be shown the red card , reducing internacional to nine men in the 1-1 draw in porto alegre .
former manchester united midfielder anderson shoved otacilio neto off the ball to earn a red card .
neto also saw red after he retaliated by by appearing to aim an elbow at anderson in porto alegre .
the two players listen to the referee as he reaches for his card from his back pocket on wednesday night .
anderson shows his shock to be shown the red card for what he believed to be an innocent challenge .
while some players offered their hands in apology to the fans after being repeatedly booed , fabricio took a different route and showed two middle fingers to the crowd leaving referee luis teixeira rocha with no choice but to give him his marching orders .
the 28-year-old left back reacted by tearing off his shirt , throwing it to the floor and shouting ` i 'm leaving , i 'm leaving , ' as he walked down the tunnel .
he has already been suspended until the end of the week by his club .
anderson ended his seven-and-a-half year association with united in february by signing a four-year deal with internacional , but his return to brazil has not gone as planned .
internacional 's fabricio was also sent off later in the game for aiming his middle fingers at booing fans .
fabricio threw his shirt to the ground after being shown the red card and shouted ` i 'm leaving , i 'm leaving ' having missed a penalty on his debut , he was substituted later in february after just 36 minutes needing oxygen while playing in the high-altitude estadio hernando siles in la paz .
while internacional sit top of the table in the campeonato