by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
14:50 est , 19 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:09 est , 21 december 2013 .
a third athlete on the american olympic delegation has revealed that he is gay .
figure skater brian boitano announced that he is homosexual in a statement released today in response to his inclusion on the presidential delegation to sochi , where russia 's anti-gay propaganda laws will be in effect .
` i am many things : a son , a brother and uncle , an athlete , a cook , an author and being gay is just one part of who i am , ' the 1988 olympic gold medalist wrote .
back on the ice : brian boitano , seen here at an event on december 11 , won a gold medal in the 1988 calgary games and today he came out as gay .
` first and foremost i am an american athlete and i am proud to live in a country that encourages diversity , openness and tolerance .
i hope we can remain focused on the olympic spirit which celebrates achievement in sport by peoples of all nations .
' in addition to his gold medal from the calgary olympics in 1988 , he also came in sixth place in the 1994 games and is a two time world champion .
he had never addressed his personal life before today , but felt compelled to do so in light of the sochi games .
` it has been my experience from competing around the world and in russia that olympic athletes can come together in friendship , peace and mutual respect regardless of their individual country 's practices , ' he wrote .
then and now : boitano 's career high was the gold medal win in 1988 -lrb- left -rrb- but also won two world championships and a sixth place distinction in the 1994 games .
boitano will be one of three openly gay athletes who will be traveling to russia as part of the delegation , which president obama is sending in his place as neither he nor michelle or vice president joe biden will be attending .
this is the first time since 2000 that the u.s. will not send a president , former president , first lady or vice president to the