when kim kardashian was announced as the face of the new issue of fashion bible love magazine , complete with edgy bleached brows , it signaled the end of her transformation from super eek to super chic .
the metamorphosis has been no mean feat , for while she might now be a firm favourite with designers , kim 's initial foray into the fashion world was much more humble - as a stylist for none other than paris hilton and lindsay lohan .
in fact , a pre-fame kim also worked as a personal shopper and she would regularly be dispatched to pick out new outfits for the the heiress and troubled film star .
scroll down for video .
kim kardashian , 34 , is on the new cover of katie grand 's love magazine .
it signals the end of her transition from lowly stylist to fashion favourite , that included a vogue cover and the announcement of an ad campaign for balmain .
battle of the brows : kim posed with cara delevingne last year shortly after the shoot had taken place .
it was n't just her lack of a-list quality that forced kim into the fashion doldrums though , despite her day job , back in the mid-noughties , her personal style left a lot to be desired .
from bright gold dresses to garish satin , she rarely made a ` best-dressed ' list in the early part of her career .
but fast forward nearly ten years and it 's a completely different story .
to say kim has become a darling in the fashion world would be somewhat of an understatement - in recent fashion weeks she has been front row in paris , new york , london and milan .
not only that , she and her husband kanye west were recently revealed as the new faces of balmain and she counts givenchy 's creative director ricardo tisci as a close personal friend .
it has n't been an easy transition though , for a long time kim was shunned by the designers who now adore her .
just over two years ago , during a photoshoot for elle magazine at the end of 2012 , many designers refused to lend their clothes to the reality star .
pals with paris : before she found global fame , kim worked