darron gibson is hoping for a chance to play himself into contention for a showdown with world champions germany as he continues his comeback from an injury nightmare .
the 26-year-old made his first appearance for club or country in more than 10 months in ireland 's 2-0 friendly victory over oman last month following a gruelling fightback from a cruciate ligament problem .
he played the full 90 minutes of club everton 's 1-1 europa league draw with krasnodar in russia last thursday and with james mccarthy missing from martin o'neill 's squad through injury , will hope to get the nod for saturday 's euro 2016 qualifier against gibraltar in dublin and the intensely difficult trip to germany which follows three days later .
darron gibson hopes his injury nightmare is behind him as he pushes for a place in the republic of ireland team for their euro 2016 qualifiers with gibraltar and germany over the coming days .
gibson suffered a cruciate ligament injury in ireland 's world cup qualifier with kazakhstan back in october 2013 and was on the sidelines for 10 months .
gibson said : ' i played in the european game during the week and i felt physically strong , so i think i am ready .
hopefully i do get the chance and i do have an influence so i can play on tuesday .
' i think any player enjoys playing in games like that .
they are some of the best players in the world , so it 's good to see how you fare against them .
` obviously , the first few games i played , it was just about getting minutes under my belt .
but i think i am ready to play properly now , i think i am match-fit and ready to go .
` it 's been all right .
it 's been a bit frustrating not playing in the premier league , but i have got two games in in the last two and a half weeks , so i 'm happy enough coming into this week .
' ireland will face group d minnows gibraltar - who lost their opening game against poland 7-0 at home - at the aviva stadium knowing goal difference could be important , but taking nothing for granted .
gibson made his return for club everton in