by .
david derbyshire .
published : .
17:57 est , 28 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
17:57 est , 28 september 2012 .
as generations of parents will gladly testify , bath time often turns into a battleground when toddlers are involved .
and as these adorable pictures show , it 's not just human babies who get all steamed up when it 's time to take a dip .
two-year-old mr bernie -- one of 330 orphaned apes at the orangutan care centre and quarantine in borneo -- will do just about anything to avoid taking a plunge .
with four strong hands able to firmly grasp the sides of the bath , getting him into the warm , soapy water can be a soggy struggle .
i 'm the king of the swimmers : two-year-old mr bernie - one of 330 orphaned apes at the orangutan care centre and quarantine in borneo - will do just about anything to avoid taking a plunge .
not happy : in the wild , orangutans usually shy away from water , preferring to keep themselves clean through picking out bugs and dirt with their long fingers .
but at the orphanage there are no ape mums to help out .
in the wild , orangutans usually shy away from water , preferring to keep themselves and their babies clean through picking out bugs and dirt with their long fingers .
but at the orphanage there are no ape mums to help out .
some toddler apes -- such as charlie , pictured here in a green towel -- are fans .
mister bernie , however , is not .
he was brought to the orphanage in july 2010 .
a spokesman from the centre said : ` he was a scrawny , scared little thing with hair matted from sticky sap .
after a long bath , some motherly attention , and countless bananas , mr bernie started thriving in his new home .
he is now strong , healthy and handsome .
' the centre was set up in 1998 to help orphaned and rescued orangutans learn the skills they need to live independently in the wild .
located in the village of pasir panjang near tanjung puting national park , a team of surrogate human mums live with the youngsters day and night .
each