it is no secret that male animals will go to great lengths to pursue a female and can take to extreme measures to hold on to her even if their affection is unrequited .
but canadian scientists have discovered that the innocent-looking male guppy fish has evolved barbs on its penis to force ` unreceptive females ' to mate with it .
university of toronto research found that claws are used by the male fish to treble the amount of sperm transferred to females who resisted advances .
canadian scientists have discovered that the innocent-looking male guppy fish has evolved barbs on its penis to force ` unreceptive females ' to mate with it .
the evolutionary biologists believe the species has evolved to benefit males at the expense of females , especially when their mating interests differ .
lucia kwan at the university studied the bizarre clawed genitalia of the fish .
genitalia differ greatly in animal groups , even among similar species and the research for these difference have baffled scientists for years , although there is a school of thought that says sexual conflict between males and females might be the reason .
sexual conflict occurs when the fitness .
interests of males and females differ , which is rooted in differences in .
egg and sperm sizes .
males invest less than females in reproduction because sperm is cheap to produce , and larger eggs are most costly to make .
this difference results in a conflict in .
which males are interested in mating with as many females possible while .
females are more selective with their mates .
ms kwan 's research shows the male guppy grows claws on its genitals to make it more difficult for unreceptive females to get away during mating .
the researchers examined the role of a pair of claws at .
the tip of the gonopodium of the male guppy -lrb- poecilia reticulata -rrb- -- .
essentially the fish 's penis .
ms kwan said : ` our results show that the claws are used to increase sperm transfer to females who are resisting matings .
' a canadian scientist surgically shaved the barbs off of the penises of some male guppies to investigate the relative advantages of claws for mating with ` unreceptive females ' .
she compared the amount of sperm transferred .
pictured left is