driver error is likely the cause of a crash involving a school bus and an empty freight train that killed two people and injured 12 more in northeastern north dakota , police said tuesday .
evidence at the snow-covered scene indicates the 62-year-old bus driver braked but did n't stop in time to prevent the crash monday afternoon near larimore , highway patrol lt. troy hischer said .
the bus driver and a 17-year-old girl , who have not been named , were killed .
` there 's no indication that the brakes did n't work properly .
the driver was on the brakes - you could see that he was trying to stop .
we believe the brakes worked properly , ' hischer said .
tragic : a 17-year-old student and 62-year-old bus driver were killed when a bnsf train hit their vehicle .
` we believe it was driver error at this point - he became complacent , or something else was going on , ' he said .
authorities were examining the bus for mechanical problems and planned to interview passengers to determine if the driver was distracted .
the larimore public school district bus was heading north on a county road when it was struck by a westbound bnsf railway freight train at a crossing with no crossing arms .
the train struck the bus on the passenger side , near the doors .
on impact , the bus driver and a 17-year-old student were ejected from the vehicle and killed .
larimore is about 100 miles north of fargo .
the ages of the students on the bus ranged from five to 17 .
some of the injured suffered broken bones and three were said to be in ` very serious condition ' .
emergency : a further 12 people were injured in the crash at 3.45 pm near larimore , north dakota .
investigation : driver error is likely the cause of the crash police said tuesday .
officials with altru health system in grand forks confirmed monday night that they had received ten patients , six of whom were admitted and three of whom were transferred .
one patient was released .
the hospital did not immediately have an update early tuesday .
hischer said he has responded to numerous fatal crashes in his 21 years in law enforcement but was still shaken