angelina jolie was made an honorary dame during a private audience with the queen today in recognition of her campaigning against sexual violence .
the hollywood actress , 39 , was presented with the insignia of an honorary dame grand cross of the most distinguished order of st michael and st george at a reception at buckingham palace .
the monarch herself received oscar-winning jolie , who starred as lara croft in tomb raider , mr and mrs smith , and changeling , and who was named by forbes as hollywood 's highest paid actress .
the actress was accompanied to the palace by her husband , brad pitt , and their children , sources told mailonline , and they were all introduced to the queen , although they did not have official pictures taken .
scroll down for video .
hollywood actress angelina jolie was made an honorary dame by the queen in recognition of her work against sexual violence .
jolie , 39 , also known as mrs brad pitt , was recognised for her work in this year 's queen 's birthday honours .
the actress was given her dcmg during a private midday audience with the monarch in the 1844 room at buckingham palace .
the honorary dame grand cross of the most distinguished order of st michael and st george was presented to jolie in london today .
a buckingham palace spokesman said : ` the audience itself between miss jolie and the queen was private .
her majesty presented her with the insignia in its box .
mr pitt and the rest of the family were introduced to the queen afterwards , however .
' as an american citizen , it is highly unusual that jolie has received an honour from britain .
foreigners are only occasionally awarded them -- there was an honorary knighthood for bob geldof , who is irish , after live aid .
it is also unusual for a damehood to be bestowed upon someone so young .
the honour is generally bestowed later in life , after a recipient has earned a lower honour such as an obe or a cbe .
because she is a foreign citizen jolie may not be addressed as dame , though she can use the initials dcmg after her name , but received the award on an honorary basis for her work at