by .
peter campbell .
under pressure : christopher bailey with model rosie huntington-whiteley .
burberry shareholders have voted against an ` obscene ' # 28million pay package received by the new boss of the fashion house .
chief executive christopher bailey was handed 1.35 million shares in the business prior to taking the top job earlier this year .
but in a humiliating blow for the company , 53 per cent of investors voted against the controversial measure -- one of the biggest revolts in british boardroom history .
it is only the sixth time that a major uk firm has seen its pay arrangements defeated in a ballot .
however , it is likely mr bailey will get to keep the awards because the vote is not binding .
the burberry boss , who had been creative director at the design label , was appointed to the top job earlier this year , replacing angela ahrendts who left to join technology giant apple .
from the outset mr bailey 's pay and perks have raised eyebrows .
as well as a base salary of # 1.1 million and pension contributions of # 330,000 , he was entitled to receive up to # 6.6 million from two annual incentive schemes .
he was handed free shares worth # 1.8 million when he took the post and an executive discount of 80 per cent .
mr bailey also receives an unexplained ` cash allowance ' of # 440,000 , which is paid in monthly instalments .
the company refused to say what this was for .
but the measure that galled shareholders was free shares worth # 20million , handed to him before he took the job and only disclosed once he became chief executive -- a post that requires the firm to reveal his rewards .
unlike most schemes used by other companies , mr bailey is due to receive a payout from these shares irrespective of burberry 's performance , providing he stays with the firm for five years .
the investment management association , which advises pension funds on how to vote , gave the company an ` amber ' warning over the scale of its pay deals , and corporate governance group pirc labelled the payouts ` excessive ' .
burberry chairman sir john peace , who is now facing calls to resign , told shareholders