eventually he snapped , trudging off the field after 75 minutes and wondering when his next game in a chelsea shirt will be .
this has been brewing for a while , simmering in the background at a time when jose mourinho needs his first choice striker out on the pitch in the final , decisive nine games of the season .
diego costa , this hot-head in a chelsea shirt , has tweaked his hamstring again and mourinho will expect his prized forward to barter his way out of spain 's two games during the international break .
this time the complaint felt legit , particularly as the score was delicately balanced at 2-2 at the kc stadium when costa signalled for help .
chelsea striker diego costa was forced off with a hamstring injury during the blues ' 3-2 win over hull city .
costa -lrb- left -rrb- talks to manager jose mourinho -lrb- right -rrb- before he is substituted at kc stadium on sunday .
his replacement , loic remy , answered the sos by scoring chelsea 's winner with his first touch .
it was a shame to see costa disappear down the tunnel , particularly after he had joined harry kane at the top of the scoring charts in the barclays premier league with a rasping effort to put chelsea 2-0 ahead .
instead spain , who have a euro 2016 qualifier against ukraine to play on friday , and a friendly with holland the following tuesday will dictate when the forward plays again .
mourinho has an uneasy relationship with spain coach vicente del bosque and with that in mind , his adopted country are likely to demand that he is assessed by their own doctors .
` when the team needs a goal with 15 minutes to go and the striker has a lot of experience with hamstring injuries and says it 's over , it 's over .
` we know his hamstring is not strong .
now he has 15 days without football , but we never cry about our injured players .
` he has had this problem since he tried to play in the champions league final against atletico madrid .
he has this fragility .
' there has been talk of an operation at the end of the season , some serious discussions between chelsea 's medical staff