exactly 19 years ago on wednesday , kathy bush made national headlines when she was arrested and accused of deliberately making her 9-year-old daughter ill for attention .
all grown up , kathy 's now 27-year-old daughter jennifer spoke out for the first time on the anniversary , saying she has repaired her relationship with her mother and believes she was never abused .
` jennifer made it very clear : she thinks her mother never abused her , ' fort lauderdale lawyer robert buschel , who defended kathy in her criminal trial and released jennifer 's statement on wednesday , told the sun sentinel .
scroll down for video .
ripped apart : in 1996 , at the age of 9 , jennifer bush was taken from her family after her mother kathy -lrb- right -rrb- was accused of making her ill on purpose .
jennifer spent the first years of her life in and out of hospitals , as doctors struggled to find a solution to her near chronic illness that caused digestive issues and seizures .
chronically ill : in the first years of her life , jennifer was in and out of the hospital as she battled chronic illness .
a health care worker later reported kathy bush to authorities , suspecting the woman of purposefully poisoning her daughter with extra doses of medicine .
faced with mounting medical bills , kathy started lobbying for health care reform and would often speak publicly and with publications about her family 's battle to take care of jennifer .
kathy even visited the clinton white house to raise awareness of the issue .
then , in 1995 , a health care worker reported to police suspicions that kathy may have been intentionally making jennifer sick by giving her extra doses of medicine .
police and child welfare authorities launched an investigation , and after a year amounted enough evidence to arrest kathy on child abuse charges .
kathy 's lawyer blames the investigation on menchausen syndrome by proxy - a syndrome that had grown in notoriety at the time of his client 's arrest .
those with the syndrome enact pain on others in order to draw pity and attention to themselves .
after the arrest , jennifer was taken from her family and put in foster care where she remained until she was 18 .
after a