notts county have appointed ricardo moniz as their new manager just a week after the club announced that he was unable to commit to the role .
the former tottenham and hamburg coach pulled out of the running due to ` family reasons ' at the end of march but on tuesday moved to meadow lane on a three-year deal .
the 50-year-old dutchman has six games to save his new side from relegation into sky bet league two , with the magpies currently one point from safety .
notts county have appointed former tottenham and hamburg coach ricardo moniz as their new manager .
moniz has six games to save notts county from relegation to league two with the club one point from safety .
notts county have been without a permanent manager since the departure of shaun derry on march 23 , with paul hart and mick halsall taking caretaker charge of their recent games .
but moniz , who steered red bull salzburg to austrian league and cup glory in the 2011/12 campaign , will now take the reins .
the club have confirmed that dave kevan will be moniz 's assistant , with strength and conditioning coach mike edwards and goalkeeping coach kevin pilkington remaining in their posts .
the league one club have confirmed that dave kevan will be moniz 's assistant at meadow lane .
magpies chairman ray trew told the club 's official website : ` as i have said previously , i set out on our search for a new manager with an open mind but with a determination to find someone who would be able to bring a new level of excitement to notts county .
' i think in ricardo we have found that because , having spoken to him at length , his footballing philosophy is one of structured attacking play , which i hope is something that our fans will buy into , because i know that when i come to meadow lane i want to be entertained , i want to be excited by what i see out there on the pitch .
` results , of course , are the yardstick by which managers are ultimately judged , but if we can play the sort of football that gets people off their seats and instil in our players the desire to take games to our opponents