by .
daily mail reporter .
bought by a family in kosovo when she was just three weeks old and kept illegally in an apartment , ema the bear cub 's future looked bleak .
and lonely .
but this is actually the tale of three little bears , with a happy ending .
three weeks later , not only did local police rescue ema from the flat in peja , she has also been introduced to two other cubs - of the same age , and discovered in the same town - who are probably her brothers .
three bear cubs rescued from two family homes in kosovo may actually be related .
the female cub , ema -lrb- above -rrb- , was bought by a family in the city of peja when she was just three weeks old and kept illegally in their apartment .
ema , who weighs less than 7lb , is currently being nursed back to health by workers from four paws charity .
the authorities first became aware of the case after the family posted details on facebook outlining how they acquired and kept the young bear .
last wednesday , police and the environment ministry staff confiscated the female brown bear cub .
and yesterday , the other two cubs - which have been named ron and oska - were found at another family 's home in the same city , in the west of kosovo .
a health check will now be carried out to determine whether the three are siblings .
the trio are currently being looked after by the international animal welfare organisation four paws at its bear sanctuary in prishtina .
two other cubs , named osca and ron , were also rescued from kosovo and are the same age as ema .
charity workers think the trio could be related but will have to carry out further medical checks to be certain .
the bears , who are weak and underweight , are being nursed back to health using cat milk and honey .
` the environment ministry and police acted in exactly the right way , by seizing the cubs immediately and informing us ' , said four paws project leader carsten hertwig .
` we 're calling for the animal dealers who sold little ema to be found and brought to justice .
` there should