cristiano ronaldo is scoring goals at a ratio of more than two-a-game as he goes into this week 's champions league match with liverpool at anfield .
after a brace in a comfortable 5-0 away win against levante he moved to 15 goals in seven league games -- it 's a record start to the season in the spanish league and it gives him a better scoring average than most teams in europe .
he will score over 70 this season if he continues at his current rate .
real madrid made light work of levante .
livepool will be a far tougher test but carlo ancelotti 's team are starting to resemble the side that won last season 's european cup .
real madrid forward cristiano ronaldo celebrates scoring first goal against levante on saturday afternoon .
real madrid : casillas , carvajal , pepe , nacho , marcelo -lrb- arbeloa 73 -rrb- , rodríguez , modric -lrb- medran 79 -rrb- , kroos -lrb- illarramendi 68 -rrb- , isco , hernandez , ronaldo .
subs not used : khedira , bale , navas , arbeloa , illarramendi , medran , llorente .
goals : ronaldo 13 -lrb- pen -rrb- , 61 , hernandez 38 , rodríguez 66 , isco 82 .
ref : ignacio iglesias villanueva .
att : 23,506 .
real madrid were without an under-the-weather karim benzema and the injured sergio ramos .
gareth bale watched the game from the bench and luka modric hobbled off with a bruised foot in the second half .
if all four are fit to play against liverpool the real madrid coach 's most difficult job will be to decide who to leave out .
levante came into the game not having scored at home yet this season but they have a habit of making life very difficult for real madrid and might have fancied their chances against an injury and illness-affected opposition .
but ancelotti had said in the week that naming ronaldo in his starting xi is worth a goal start for his team and so it proved again .
ronaldo almost scored inside the first two minutes when found with a long ball out of defence from luka modric but he shot uncharacteristically wide of the target .
real madrid 's talisman does n't need three chances to score and with his second opportunity from the spot he