by .
liz hull .
last updated at 12:33 am on 11th february 2012 .
having lost two of her beloved horses to the great war , schoolgirl freda hewlett was distraught that her pony betty would soon be called to the front line as well .
in desperation , the youngster and her brother wrote a heart-breaking letter to lord kitchener , pleading with the secretary of state for war to ` spare ' their 17-year-old mare .
signed ` your troubled little britishers ' , the note must have touched bureaucrats in the war office , who agreed betty could live out her days at the family 's farm in haigh , near wigan .
beloved pet : a picture of betty the pony was included in the letter sent by the two children .
pleading for mercy : in the heart-warming letter -lrb- pictured above and below -rrb- the two children beg for their beloved pony betty to be spared from war service .
now the letter , and its reply , have been put on display as part of an exhibition at the imperial war museum north in salford .
the exhibition seeks to explain the facts behind michael morpurgo 's children 's novel war horse , which has been made into a movie by steven spielberg .
in the film , farm boy albert fails to persuade a cavalry unit not to enlist his horse , joey , which goes on to experience the full horrors of the trenches culminating in the battle of the somme .
but miss hewlett apparently had more success by appealing directly to whitehall .
mercy letter from lord kitchener : the reply from the war office reveals the pony was spared from war service .
` touched ' : lord kitchener - pictured here in his famous ` wants you ' poster - replied to the children , sparing their pony from the front line .
her letter , which is dated august 11 , .
1914 , and is addressed to ` dear good lord kitchener , ' explains that the .
family have already lost two horses to the cavalry and that they are .
` very afraid ' of losing betty as well .
the note , which includes the farm 's .
three-digit phone number ` wigan 515 ' , adds : ` please spare