by .
peter allen .
published : .
13:43 est , 16 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
05:05 est , 17 september 2012 .
the cyclist shot dead in the alps may have been the ` main target ' of the massacre , french police say -- not the british al-hilli family .
investigators made the extraordinary claim as sylvain mollier , who worked in the nuclear industry , was ` temporarily buried ' in a secret ceremony yesterday .
this went against the wishes of the 45-year-old 's family , who had asked for him to be cremated .
crime scene : the bullet-riddled bmw where the bodies of saad al-hilli , his wife , iqbal , and mother-in-law suhaila al-allaf were discovered along with his daughters zeena and zainab .
it is believed forensic experts still want to examine his body for clues , which would have been impossible if the remains had been destroyed .
just 30 people attended the funeral , .
which took place at 6.30 pm last night - a day when the burial site is normally closed .
it was deliberately .
kept hidden from the media , employees told french broadcaster rtl .
french investigators are examining the theory that he may have led a ` double life ' and been the intended target of the shooting .
until now the investigation had focused on the deaths of british aerospace engineer saad al-hilli , 50 , his wife ikbal , 47 , and his mother-in-law suhaila al-allaf , 74 , who were shot in the countryside near annecy in their bmw estate car .
mr al-hilli 's seven-year-old daughter zainab was discovered badly beaten by a passing british cyclist shortly after the attack .
burial : relatives of sylvain mollier at ugine funeral home after police refused to allow them to cremate him as they continued their investigation .
her four-year-old sister , zeena , was found unscathed hiding under her dead mother 's skirt eight hours later .
the family , from claygate , surrey , had been camping near lake annecy when they were attacked .
victim : saad al-hilli , 50 , the father murdered near the village of chevaline , near lake annecy , in the haute-savoie region of france .
it had been thought that mr mollier was killed because he witnessed the shootings