bike helmets are the latest product to get the ` smart ' upgrade .
a team of students has devised a helmet with built-in sensors and smartphone functionality to provide data after a crash .
the so-called ` black box ' helmet can also call emergency services , talk to the cyclist and provide hands-free calling .
scroll down for video .
students at oregon state university and intel have devised a ` smart ' bike helmet -lrb- shown -rrb- that collects data during a crash .
the ` black box ' has accelerometers and sensors to work out what happened .
it also records the rider 's distance , speed and direction at all times .
the helmet was devised by students at oregon state university in partnership with intel .
its potentially live-saving features include accelerometers , speakers , a microphone and an led headlamp .
together the features provide the rider with information while cycling , or data in the event of an accident .
in the event of a crash the helmet will also talk to the rider and ask if they are okay .
if they say ` yes ' or fail to respond , emergency services will be contacted on their behalf .
using a synced smartphone as well , the rider can be put through a few quick medical tests to see if they might be badly hurt .
all of the data from the crash can then be studied after to understand what happened .
the helmet syncs with an app that can provide medical questions to the rider after a crash or call emergency services by asking the rider questions via a speaker -lrb- shown above the led headlamp -rrb- .
and the helmet can also play music or allow for hands-free calling .
inside the 3d-printed outer shell is a regular bike helmet -lrb- shown -rrb- .
the product is only in the prototype phase at the moment so no potential release date or price has been announced .
- bluetooth radio .
- magnetometer .
- gyroscope .
- two accelerometers to detect a sudden impact .
- communications hardware to call pre-set emergency contact number .
- above-the-ear speakers .
- microphone .
- led headlight .
the helmet syncs with an android app on smartphones to transfer data .
this includes distance , speed and the direction