by .
emma glanfield .
these dramatic photographs show the moment a sex attacker clambered onto a roof and threatened to throw himself off during a 14-hour stand-off with police .
derek johnston , 39 , has been jailed for 11 years after breaking into the house and attempting to rape a woman who was inside with her children .
he was forced to flee out of the bathroom window and onto the roof when the victim 's mother arrived at the home .
derek johnston , 39 , clambered onto a roof in southampton , hampshire , and threatened to throw himself off during the 14-hour stand-off with police in july last year .
negotiators on a crane , left , desperately tried to coax johnston , right , down from the roof of the house in southampton , hampshire , in baking 27c heat in july last year .
officers sealed off surrounding streets while negotiators on a crane desperately tried to coax him down in baking 27c -lrb- 80f -rrb- heat .
police stood down as darkness fell and returned to the property in the early hours - only to find he had vanished .
officers finally found him hiding under a bed in the same house , in southampton , hampshire , the following day .
johnston broke into the home , hid in the garage , and pounced as his victim was using a washing machine , southampton crown court heard .
he held his hand around her throat before trying to rape her , as her children played upstairs.it was only when the woman 's mother arrived that the victim managed to bite johnston 's hand , cry out for help , and get away .
he made his escape as the woman 's mother escorted the children out of the house , on july 9 last year .
johnston broke into the home , hid in the garage , and pounced as his victim was using a washing machine , southampton crown court heard .
he then fled to the roof after his victim 's mother returned home .
in a video recording played to the court , the woman said : ` i thought he was going to kill me .
` i could hear my children running around upstairs and i thought i would be lying dead downstairs and no one