by .
james tozer for the daily mail .
and richard spillett for mailonline .
jonjo highton , 18 , described as ' a good-looking boy who did not deserve this ' , is believed to have been set upon by a group of men outside his house .
three men have been charged with murder after a teenager was hacked to death by a mob outside his home .
jonjo highton died from neck wounds after he was attacked by a group of knife-wielding men in preston , lancashire on saturday .
the 18-year-old was attacked in similar fashion in june last year in a so-called ` punishment slashing ' and needed major surgery to be able to walk again .
three suspects , owen whitesmith , 19 , arron graham , 22 , and craig walton , 26 , all from preston , will appear in court today charged over his killing .
five other men from preston remain in police custody under arrest for suspicion of murder .
police are still looking to trace a vehicle that may be connected with the incident .
det supt eddie thistlethwaite said : ` we are determined to thoroughly investigate the tragic and callous murder of jonjo highton .
` we continue to make good progress with this investigation , however we are still keen to trace people who may have been involved in the incident .
' i would encourage anyone with any information at all about the murder to contact the police before we visit you .
' i am continuing to appeal for information about the current whereabouts of a car which may have been involved in the crime , a blue vauxhall vectra , registration kg04 eju .
' jonjo died after a gang of men turned up at his home in two cars at 11.20 pm on saturday .
his death came a year after he was attacked while riding his bike .
in that incident , a group of men pulled up in a car and knocked him to the ground , raining down brutal kicks and punches .
that attack is thought to have stemmed from him becoming somehow caught up in a feud between rival gangs in preston .
last november , shaun tyrer , then 33 , and dylan cornwell , 17 , both admitted wounding with intent against jonjo .