out of work : chris hansen , the longtime host of dateline and to catch a predator , has not had his contract renewed by nbc .
the host of ` to catch a predator ' has been dropped by nbc after working for the network for 20 years .
it was announced on monday that chris hansen will not have his contract renewed by nbc and the network gave no explanation for the decision .
the move comes just three weeks after his mistress released photos to radaronline of her kissing the married tv host , which she said she made public to counter his dismissal of the relationship .
hansen previously said reports of the affair had been ` full of hurtful lies ' but 32-year-old kristyn caddell proved otherwise with the photo of them kissing .
miss caddell met 54-year-old hansen in palm beach , florida , when she was a news reporter for nbc affiliate wptv .
she claimed he led her to believe his 20-year marriage to mary joan was ending and he was therefore able to date .
the affair was initially reported two years ago by the national enquirer , but it was not until friday when any action was taken on part of the network .
in his two-decade career at nbc , hansen has won seven emmys for his work , as well as a number of awards for excellence in journalism .
` chris has been a valued member of the team and we thank him for his many contributions to dateline and nbc news over the last 20 years .
we wish him the very best , ' nbc said in a statement .
caught on camera : kristyn caddell says this photo , allegedly showing chris hansen and her kissing , proves their relationship .
he already alluded to his future plans , putting out a statement at the same time as the nbc release and saying that he is looking into ` hosting and executive producing projects that will be announced in the coming months ' .
hansen , a father of two sons who is best known for his show that worked to arrest sex predators , had previously claimed evidence showing his alleged affair was just a picture of him going out to dinner .
' i understand the perceived irony of the , you