by .
richard hartley-parkinson .
published : .
11:25 est , 28 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:50 est , 10 may 2013 .
gordon ramsay 's contract to run the restaurant at claridge 's hotel is not being renewed , it has been revealed .
his 12-year stewardship of the art deco dining rooms at the five-star mayfair hotel will end in june after talks aimed at reaching a new agreement broke down .
the notoriously fiery chef is understood to have withdrawn from negotiations after becoming annoyed at the length of time it was taking to finalise a new deal .
he has run the restaurant since 2001 when he clinched the deal with his former business partner and estranged father-in-law , chris hutcheson .
gordon ramsay 's time at claridge 's is coming to an end after a breakdown in talks about long-term contract renewal .
the restaurant was rated second in london for ` most disappointing cooking ' and fourth for ` most overpriced restaurant ' in the harden 's restaurant guide .
however , the five-star hotel 's dining .
rooms lost their michelin status in january 2010 a year after head chef .
mark sargeant , one of his most promising cordon bleu stars , quit .
after losing the coveted accolade , ramsay said : ` we are very disappointed to lose the michelin star , but we are going to work harder than ever to try to earn it back .
' the restaurant was later rated second in london for ` most disappointing cooking ' and fourth for ` most overpriced restaurant ' in the harden 's restaurant guide .
the kitchen nightmares star - known for his fiery temper - suggested the failure to retain its high ranking might be the result of a desire to offer more simple , cheaper , dishes to appeal to diners in the recession .
but there was concern among diners that he might have failed to give the venture enough of his time - as he was appearing on tv shows and opening overseas restaurants at the same time .
soon after mark sargeant -lrb- pictured with ramsay -rrb- quit as head chef , the restaurant lost its michelin rating .
2008 : gordon ramsay 's michelin-starred la noisette at london 's jumeirah carlton tower hotel closed after less than