by .
peter allen in paris .
published : .
04:41 est , 9 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:02 est , 9 july 2013 .
french first lady valerie trierweiler was today forced to pay legal costs to a writer who accused her of being the ` shared ' mistress of two married politicians .
it follows ms trierweiler withdrawing her claim of defamation against christophe jakubyszyn , who exposed the 48-year-old 's extraordinarily colourful love life .
mr jakubyszyn and fellow tv journalist alix bouilhaguet wrote a book called ` la frondeuse ' -lrb- the troublemaker -rrb- which ms trierweiler originally wanted pulped .
french president francois hollande and his partner valerie trierweiler .
the accusations over her fidelity were made in a biography of the first .
lady called the troublemaker .
it reveals how she was regularly sleeping with 58-year-old francois hollande , the future socialist president , at the same time as former conservative minister patrick devedjian , now 68 .
ms trierweiler , who works for the glossy celebrity magazine paris match , was still married to fellow journalist denis trierweiler while the affairs were taking place in the early 2000s .
both men were aware they were ` sharing ' ms trierweiler , but when mr devedjian refused to leave his wife , she stuck with mr hollande , says the book .
mr hollande was still with segolene royal , the mother of his four children , at the time of the four year-long affair , the book alleges .
ms trierweiler has never directly denied the accusations , and has now abandoned her libel claim for # 90,000 .
this is despite the first lady winning a privacy case against the writers , using notoriously strict french legislation designed to protect the personal lives of public figures from public scrutiny .
ms trierweiler was said to be sleeping with mr hollande at the same time as patrick devedjian -lrb- pictured right -rrb- .
following the withdrawal of the defamation case , ms trierweiler has to pay the equivalent of # 2,150 to mr jakubyszyn to cover legal expenses , and the same amount to his publishers .
ms trierweiler 's humiliation was blamed by her barrister , frederique giffard , ` purely on procedure .
' he pointed to the fact that she was awarded the equivalent of