a population of wild wood bison were successfully reintroduced to the united states to freely roam the plains of alaska for the first time in over a century .
the moment was captured on video and shows alaska department of fish and game biologist tom seaton leading 100 wood bison to freedom on a snowmobile .
the land mammals were freed from a temporary pen , where they had been kept for just over a week during the transition , and followed mr seaton to their new home .
they journeyed for a distance of about a mile and crossed the innoko river before reaching the grass meadows of lower innoko , which is surrounded by the yukon river .
wood bison are north america 's largest land mammal , but the native alaskan species disappeared from the state more than 100 years ago .
in the video the animals can be seen chasing after the snowmobile in a herd from within side a fenced track .
wood bison were imported from canada to the alaska wildlife conservation center in 2008 but restoration of the threatened species was delayed .
the population of wild wood bison were successfully reintroduced to the united states for first time in over a century .
alaska department of fish and game biologist tom seaton lead 100 wood bison to freedom on a snowmobile .
landowners did n't want their property listed as critical habitat with additional federal oversight .
the state and federal governments agreed to consider the alaska wood bison as ` experimental ' without the usual endangered species act requirements .
with the help of corporate and non-profit sponsors , the department moved 50 cows and 50 juveniles aged two or less to the village .
but the task was not without its risks as the large mammals were vulnerable to broken limbs , or if they fell , trampling .
two wood bison bulls photographed grazing at the alaska wildlife conservation center in portage , alaska .
wood bison cows resting and grazing at the alaska wildlife conservation center in portage , alaska .
alaska department of fish and game biologist cathie harms , said : ` when you 're transporting a very large , not completely domesticated animal , you always have to worry about injuries .
' to minimize jostling in the cargo plane the juveniles were transported in