a shocking video shows a teacher helplessly stuck in the middle of a classroom fight - with no one coming to her aid .
the footage , recorded by a teenage boy in the class at gibbs high school in st petersburg , florida , shows two young girls exchanging a war of words with their classmates egging them on .
the female teacher initially stands between the girls , trying to get them to calm down , but then the students start lashing out at each other - and she can do nothing but stand back and watch .
other students clear tables to make way for the fight , while they encourage the girls to scrap .
scroll down for video .
helpless : a teacher at a florida high school is caught on camera as she unsuccessfully tries to stop two girls from fighting in her classroom .
at one point she became a barricade between the girls .
the fighting students can be seen pulling each other 's hair , slapping each other 's faces and dragging each other across the floor in the four-minute footage .
the teacher can do nothing but abandon any effort to continue teaching the class .
at some point , she called for help , but it is not clear when , pinellas county schools spokeswoman melanie marquez parra told the tampa bay times .
a campus monitor , two administrators and another teacher responded to the fight , parra said .
on the video , a group can be seen pulling the two girls apart .
she would not reveal the grade or name of the teacher because it could identify the students .
st. petersburg police spokesman mike puetz told the times that officers were not called to the scene .
out of control : she can be seen left at the corner of the frame as she gets between the girls - but they push past her , with one girl grabbing the other 's hair , right .
violent : she drags the girl to the ground by her hair as a classmate films the vicious fight .
at a loss : the teacher stands by , right , and tries to tell students to calm down while the fight continues .
` the .
-lrb- school resource officer -rrb- was n't aware of this until