alan rogers , who admitted manslaughter after smashing the skull of neighbour fred hatch after wrongly believing he was involved in witchcraft .
a crazed pensioner killed his navy veteran neighbour with a claw hammer as he wrongly believed he was involved in witchcraft , a court heard today .
alan rogers , 73 , smashed the skull of 76-year-old grandfather fred hatch in the communal garden of their sheltered housing complex near cardiff .
mr hatch 's worried wife enid then went looking for her husband after he failed to return into the house from the garden .
she then discovered rogers standing over the bloodied body of her husband before fleeing to press a panic alarm .
today at cardiff crown court , rogers pleaded guilty to manslaughter and is due to be sentenced later today .
the court heard how after attacking his neighbour , rogers then calmly called the police and told them : ' i have just killed one of my neighbours and i have hit his head with a hammer .
' police and paramedics raced to the sheltered housing complex in dinas powys but they were unable to save mr hatch , who died in hospital .
as rogers was handcuffed by police officers , he told them : ' i have been waiting a long time to kill that man .
' police then interviewing rogers suspected he may have been suffering mental health problems when he started making strange statements about why he killed his neighbour .
prosecutor mike jones said rogers told police he had killed fred because he was involved in modern ` witchcraft ' .
mr jones explained : ` he told police he had a moral duty to himself to kill this person as these people were using modern technology the equivalent of witchcraft to harm defenceless sentient beings .
` he said fred had been in collusion with what he described as `` the man and his colleagues '' .
' the court was told the morning of october 8 last year began with mr hatch walking to the communal garden to spread grass seeds .
rogers told police he had ` been waiting for an opportunity to get this person ' and when he saw mr hatch walking back from the garden he ` opened his door and attacked .
' rogers then hit him