by .
associated press .
updated : .
10:05 est , 16 march 2012 .
when a georgia judge sentenced a former general electric supervisor to life in prison without parole for killing his subordinate 's husband outside a preschool , the case seemed far from closed .
that 's because the focus of the month-long trial was as much on the victim 's wife , andrea sneiderman , as it was on the accused .
after hemy neuman was found guilty but mentally ill yesterday of the november 2010 murder of russell ` rusty ' sneiderman , the question quickly became whether prosecutors would charge her with a crime in her husband 's death .
possible suspect : now that neuman has been convicted , all eyes turn to widow andrea sneiderman , who could have played a role in her late husband 's demise .
taken away : hemy neuman was sentenced to life in prison , but will receive mental aide whilst behind bars .
weeping : rusty 's father don sneiderman reacts after the reading of the verdict yesterday .
neuman 's defence attorneys and russell sneiderman 's family said they hope to see prosecutors investigate andrea sneiderman in the killing .
russell sneiderman 's brother , steve , said the family has long suspected andrea was involved in russell 's death , and the trial only confirmed their suspicions .
` why ?
what is she hiding ?
these questions must be answered and answered soon , ' he said .
steve seniderman added : ` we 'll have no peace until everyone involved in rusty 's death is held accountable for their actions .
in the meantime it 's clear to me that andrea is covered in rusty 's blood .
' dekalb county district attorney robert james said his office is reviewing the case and , when pressed after the trial on whether imminent charges would be filed related to the victim 's wife , he said : ` stay tuned .
' ` everybody 's asking that question , ' said mr james .
` and i 'm not going to stand up here and be disingenuous and say that 's something that 's not being considered .
' guilty : hemy neuman reacts to the verdict today as he faces the prospect of life in prison without parole .
andrea sneiderman