by .
cherry maslen .
published : .
16:00 est , 5 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:00 est , 5 october 2013 .
mario bassi knew the old methodist chapel near cinderford in gloucestershire was the home for him as soon as he walked through the door : he is 6ft 6in tall and it was a huge relief to have room above his head for once .
the spacious interior , large windows bringing in masses of light and the potential to create a unique home big enough for a family sold the victorian chapel to both mario and his wife caroline when they first saw it in 2004 .
it had already been converted into a house , but the bassis had their own ideas .
seeing the light : caroline and baby mariella sit in the suspended bubble chair above the glass floor - beneath them are mario , angelina and valentino in the hallway .
while it remains virtually the same from the outside as when it was built in 1869 , mario , 45 , and caroline , 38 , have transformed the chapel 's interior into a fantastic contemporary family home , with shiny red kitchen , glass floor and brightly coloured windows .
it 's an upside-down house , with the bedrooms -- seven of them -- on the ground and lower-ground floors , while the first floor , once a smaller mezzanine , is now a stunning open-plan living space with high ceilings , original timber floors and windows on all four sides flooding the area with light all day .
as you come through the wide glass and wood front door into the hall , a strikingly impressive staircase leads you up to the first floor .
the staircase was made locally , to mario 's own design , from oak and steel with clear glass balustrades .
although he has no training as a designer , mario , who used to be a management consultant and now runs a group of subway sandwich shop franchises , is fascinated by design and is not short on ideas .
he did the drawings using powerpoint , adjusting the dimensions so that even the oak handrail was the right fit for his larger-than-normal grip .
half-a-million home : the old methodist chapel near cinderford in gloucestershire , built in