by .
louise cheer .
foreign chefs , bricklayers and tilers will no longer require a sponsor to work in australia come july in a bid by the federal government to fill labour and skills shortages .
the three professions have been added to the skilled occupation list which means workers do not have to be sponsored by employers for a permanent visa .
but the move has been slammed by unions who say the government should be looking out for domestic workers instead of encouraging more overseas workers to come to australia .
foreign chefs will no longer have to be sponsored to come work in australia from july 1 .
the changes were made following advice from the australian workforce and productivity agency based on labour market , education and training , migration and general economic and demographic data , and stakeholder submissions .
assistant minister for immigration and border protection michaelia cash said australian residents would always come first .
` the abbott government believes that where there is an australian who is ready , willing and able to do the job , they should always be considered first , ' she said .
` however , it would be simplistic to say that there is always an australian willing and available to fill a particular position in various geographical locations within australia , and it is the role of the skilled migration program to fill the gap where such shortages exist .
` it is important to remember that a business that is forced to close due to an inability to source vital skilled labour is a business that employs no-one .
' a department of immigration spokesman said figures indicated chefs have been in shortage for the past 10 years , which threatens the sustainability of the hospitality and tourism industry .
he also said the vacancy rate for the sector was more than four times the national average , according to industry experts .
the union who represents chefs is united voice and its acting national secretary david o'byrne said he was ` very concerned ' about the move .
` we do n't think labour issues within the industry need for this to occur , ' he said .
` the hospitality industry is very good at and easily able to attract staff through the industry .
' mr o'byrne said instead of