the duke and duchess of cambridge will travel to one of the smallest and most remote nations in the world as part of the queen 's diamond jubilee celebrations next year .
tuvalu , a tiny group of islands in the south pacific , is delighted to host an official visit by the couple when larger rivals such as australia and new zealand will miss out .
its consul to the uk , iftikhar ayaz , told the mail yesterday that his country 's 10,400 inhabitants were ` very excited ' that such ` a small and faraway state ' had been chosen and promised william and kate a welcome they would not forget .
on tour : the duke and duchess of cambridge will visit malaysia , singapore , the solomon islands and tuvalu .
when the queen and prince philip .
visited tuvalu in 1982 , they were carried from their ship to the shore .
in garlanded canoes hoisted on the shoulders of dozens of handsome young .
men .
` i have had the .
pleasure of meeting the queen on several occasions and she still .
remembers the experience very vividly indeed , ' said mr ayaz .
` of course .
the duke and the duchess can expect the same welcome .
' buckingham palace yesterday announced dozens of visits by members of the royal family to mark the queen 's 60 years on the throne .
her majesty 's own itinerary will take in ten regions of the uk between march and july , as well as hosting four days of events over an extended bank holiday weekend in june .
remote : the tiny tuvalu island in the pacific ocean is at risk of disappearing in the next 50 years because of rising sea levels .
beautiful : tuvalu 's capital funafuti .
the duke and duchess of cambridge will be visiting the atoll next year .
the prince of wales and the duchess of .
cornwall will travel to australia , canada , new zealand and papua new .
guinea .
charles will make additional trips to the channel islands and .
isle of man .
prince harry will undertake his first .
solo tour on behalf of the queen , taking in belize , jamaica and the .
bahamas probably in early march .
prince andrew will visit india ;