by .
sara malm .
not-so-funny bunny : hidden inside the ear of the bronze sculpture of nelson mandela is the rabbit which pretoria officials demand be removed .
a 30ft sculpture of nelson mandela has angered south african officials as the sculptors left a ` signature ' on the artwork -- a sculpted rabbit tucked inside one of the bronze ears .
the bronze memorial , which was unveiled outside the government complex in pretoria , after mandela 's funeral on december 16 , is billed as the largest statue of the south african leader in the world .
officials demand that the miniature rabbit is to be removed from the statue , claiming it mocks mandela and his life 's work .
the department of arts and culture said it did n't know the two sculptors , andre prinsloo and ruhan janse van vuuren , had added a rabbit , said to be a discreet signature on their work .
the bronze rabbit , sitting on its haunches with one floppy ear , is about half the height of the ear canal .
` it does n't belong there , ' said mogomotsi mogodiri , a department spokesman .
` the statue represents what everyone in south africa is proud of .
' his department said in a statement that there are discussions on ` how best to retain the integrity of the sculpture without causing any damage or disfigurement .
' the giant work stands with arms outstretched , symbolizing mandela 's devotion to inclusiveness , outside the union buildings , where the his body rests .
earlier this week , south africa 's beeld newspaper quoted the artists as saying they added the rabbit as a ` trademark ' after officials would not allow them to engrave their signatures on the statue 's trousers .
they also said the rabbit represented the pressure of finishing the sculpture on time because ` haas ' - the word for rabbit in the dutch-based afrikaans language - also means ` haste .
' scroll down for video .
the 30ft bronze statue was unveiled day after mandela 's funeral in december .
the statue was unveiled after much anticipation following nelson mandela 's death in december .
paul mashatile , arts and culture minister , said the sculptors have apologized for any offense to those who felt the rabbit