following reports facebook manipulated the feeds of almost 700,000 users , the site has issued a statement claiming it ` never met to upset anyone ' .
during one week in 2012 , the social media giant edited feeds to highlight either positive or negative items , and then monitored responses .
the site has since apologised for the way the paper described the research , and any anxiety that was caused , adding , ` the research benefits of the paper may not have justified all of this .
' scroll down for video .
during one week in 2012 , facebook manipulated feeds of just over 689,000 users to highlight either positive or negative items , and then monitored responses over the course of a random week .
the site has since apologised for the way the paper described the research , and any anxiety that was caused .
the california-based firm carried out the experiment during a week in 2012 .
during that time , negative posts were deprioritised in the data feeds of 689,003 users , to see if it generated a more positive response .
posts were determined by the experiment to be positive or negative if they contained at least one positive or negative word .
the experiment affected around 0.04 per cent of users - or 1 in 2500 .
according to facebook , nobody 's posts were ` hidden , ' they just did n't show up on some feeds .
it found that negative posts elicited a .
swell of positive responses , but also that a reduction in positive news .
led to more negative posts .
` when .
positive expressions were reduced , people produced fewer positive posts .
and more negative posts ; when negative expressions were reduced , the .
opposite pattern occurred , ' said the researchers .
` the reason we did this research is because we care about the emotional impact of facebook and the people that use our product , ' said facebook data scientist adam d. i. kramer .
` we felt that it was important to investigate the common worry that seeing friends post positive content leads to people feeling negative or left out .
` at the same time , we were concerned that exposure to friends ' negativity might lead people to avoid visiting facebook .
we did