tony blair was last night improbably named philanthropist of the year by a leading magazine .
the former prime minister was handed the award to a ` muted ' response at a celebrity-packed gathering in central london .
it was in recognition of his ` philanthropy , establishing three charities ' .
gq magazine 's decision drew immediate criticism , with labour mp john mann saying last night : ` it sends the wrong message .
this sort of award should go to an unsung hero who has given up their time for charity .
' scroll down for video .
disbelief : tony blair accepted gq 's philanthropist of the year award at a glitzy ceremony in central london .
conservative mp rob wilson added : ' i can think of many awards tony blair might win but this was n't one of them .
' tory mp ian liddell-grainger said the award was a ' a slap in the face for all the damage he had done to the uk ' .
he said : ` this is the man that could split the union , having given scotland a parliament .
` and is advising dodgy countries around the world ... gq or generally queasy ?
' tory mp charlie elphicke pointed out that mr blair has advised kazakh leader nursultan nazarbayev , including on how to improve his image after his police killed 14 unarmed protesters .
he said : ` it is jaw dropping that he should be given this award given his involvement in spinning the alleged brutal massacre in kazakhstan .
` people will be greatly concerned and wonder if this was the right decision .
' gary lineker tweeted : ` apparently , tony blair has won gq 's philanthropist of the year award .
finally these awards have grasped irony !
' the gq men of the year awards are popular among celebrities with many a-listers attending last night , including kate middleton 's sister pippa and the model cara delevingne .
legacy : the decision to honour the former prime minister provoked immediate reaction on twitter .
on receiving his award at the royal opera house in covent garden , mr blair , 61 , said : ` i would like to dedicate this award to the people that work with and for my organisations .
' he and his