published : .
02:58 est , 14 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
03:01 est , 14 june 2012 .
oxfam is calling for an increase in the minimum wage to protect low-income workers from a ` perfect storm ' of benefit cuts , rising living standards and a lack of jobs .
the charity called for the rise as part of a package of measures ahead of today 's publication of official figures which they predicted would show an increase in the number of working people in poverty .
already six in every 10 of the 7.9 million working-age adults in poverty are not from jobless households , it said , because austerity measures are ` disproportionately impacting ' the low-paid .
pay rise : oxfam is calling for an increase in the minimum wage to protect low-income workers .
thousands more than last year are turning to food banks and other charity facilities as average earnings have shrunk 4.4 per cent , the report noted , while pay of ftse 100 company directors rose 49 per cent .
improving that rate requires actions such as reversing cuts to working tax credits and reducing the amount of the new universal credit people lose when starting a job , from 65 per cent to 55 per cent .
oxfam 's director of uk poverty chris .
johnes said : ` despite the government 's rhetoric about making work pay , .
having a job is no longer necessarily enough to lift someone out of .
poverty .
hard-pressed : more working-age adults in poverty now live in working households than in workless ones .
` more working-age adults in poverty now live in working households than in workless ones .
` the government is justifying huge cuts to welfare support for people on low incomes by saying this will incentivise work , but there simply are n't enough decent jobs available .
' ` we need to see income being distributed more fairly if we are to make any impact on reducing levels of poverty .
` if we carry on down this path , the uk will return to levels of inequality not seen since victorian times .
' a dwp spokesman said : ` over the last decade vast sums of money have been poured into the benefits system in an attempt to address poverty -