by .
jaymi mccann .
published : .
06:50 est , 7 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:05 est , 7 february 2013 .
a devoted wife died of cancer after washing her husband and son 's work overalls everyday for 20 years .
grandmother valerie ward , 78 , breathed in asbestos fibres as she shook out her painter husband eric and son adrian 's work clothes , with the couple both contracting cancer .
while eric survived valerie died just ten weeks after being diagnosed with mesothelioma on her lungs , an inquest heard .
valerie ward , 78 is pictured here with her husband of 58 years eric .
the couple are said to have done ` everything ' together .
a verdict of death by industrial disease was recorded confirming that she died from .
mesothelioma as the result of washing the overalls when her husband and son .
returned from aberthaw power station near cardiff .
her daughter avril ward , 49 , said : ` mum died probably 10 years before she should have .
` my dad worked at the power station for 20 odd years and was a fitter 's mate before he became a painter there .
` mum always washed his overalls after work .
she was n't aware of the dangers of the dust and fibres on them .
` he lost a lot of colleagues and friends to mesothelioma .
not a lot was known about it then and very little protection was offered at that time .
' husband eric , now 85 , is being treated for asbestos plaques in his lungs but has been left devastated mourning his wife .
avril said : ` mum and dad were sweethearts and had a fantastic life together .
` they did everything together and when dad retired they travelled the world and had 58 wonderful years together .
` it was just 10 weeks from when mum was diagnosed to when she died .
it was very quick .
' husband eric -lrb- left -rrb- is devastated following the untimely death of his wife of 58 years -lrb- right -rrb- .
eric with daughter avril who said that her mother wanted to have any compensation donated to the hospice she lived in .
her family won a compensation payment of # 8,775 which was