by .
jason groves .
published : .
09:14 est , 16 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
02:19 est , 17 june 2013 .
nick clegg launched a fresh assault on benefits for better-off pensioners yesterday .
calling for a debate on ` welfare for the wealthy ' , the deputy prime minister indicated he would like to see affluent pensioners lose benefits such as the winter fuel allowance and free bus passes before the election .
he condemned a climbdown by the department for work and pensions over its bid to stop sending the winter fuel allowance , which is worth up to # 300 a year , to british pensioners living in warm countries such as spain and greece .
welfare warning : nick clegg said today that further welfare cuts will have to be made but the liberal democrats would not allow the poorest to be targeted first .
iain duncan smith had planned a new .
` temperature test ' but the move has been blocked by downing street , .
partly because of concerns that some pensioners would lose out in a mild .
winter .
the move means an extra 120,000 expat .
pensioners living in europe are now likely to get the payments , which .
were restricted to those who had moved abroad after retiring in britain .
clegg said : ` we need to have a debate about .
welfare for the wealthy .
that is being blocked at the moment because the .
conservatives do n't want to have that debate , and that 's why we ca n't .
move forward with the wider reforms to our welfare system .
' the liberal democrat leader also .
hinted he had not abandoned hopes of getting a deal in the tense .
negotiations surrounding the comprehensive spending review for 2015-6 .
' i think the fact we are asking people on low incomes to pay through their taxes to basically pay the fuel bills of people who do n't need to heat their homes because they are living in sunny parts of europe and maybe did n't even work here , i think that lifts the lid on a wider problem in our welfare system , ' mr clegg told the bbc one andrew marr programme .
` yes , we need welfare reform .
we have