bruce jenner has reportedly told police there was no way he could have avoided a four-car crash that left one woman dead and seven injured as the driver of the lexus in front of him slammed on her brakes without warning .
former olympian jenner , 65 , smashed his cadillac escalade into the back of the victim 's vehicle on the pacific coast highway in malibu , california , on saturday .
the lexus was then pushed into the path of a hummer coming the other way , leaving the vehicle a crumpled wreck and the sole occupant , 69-year-old kim howe , dead .
scroll down for video .
bruce jenner , driving the black cadillac escalade has reportedly told police there was no way he could have avoided a four-car crash in malibu last weekend , which left one woman dead .
bruce jenner surveys the crash scene and the damage to the cars which were involved in the horrific smash .
a white lexus was pushed into the path of a hummer coming the other way , leaving the vehicle a crumpled wreck and the sole occupant , 69-year-old kim howe , dead .
yesterday it was reported that rather than a chain reaction causing the victim 's lexus to hit a toyota prius in front of her , jenner may have hit both cars .
but multiple sources have now told tmz that the keeping up with the kardashians star was unable to say if the lexus had already crashed into the prius before his car became involved , because it all happened to quickly .
the website also reports that law enforcement believes jenner may have been driving too close to the car in front of him and that drivers are supposed to leave enough space in between the vehicle they are following to prevent such accidents .
police are still investigating the cause of saturday 's crash and it is thought they have not drawn any conclusions yet as to why it may have happened and are probing all possibilities , including that jenner may have pushed the lexus into oncoming traffic .
law enforcement sources have also told the celebrity news site that one operating theory is that the prius had been stopped behind cars and , as a traffic light turned green , vehicles began moving .
it has been reported