by .
sam webb .
published : .
05:32 est , 17 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:29 est , 17 february 2013 .
princess basmah bint saud says she is the victim of an attempted blackmail attempt over a video showing her smoking and with her head uncovered .
she has gone public rather than pay the # 320,000 .
a saudi arabian princess is the victim of a blackmail attempt involving a video of her that could anger and shock the establishment in the hardline islamic state .
princess basmah bint saud bin abdulaziz al saud - more commonly known as princess basmah - is being held to ransom by a man who plans to embarrass her with a video - if she does not pay him # 320,000 .
the video shows her blowing a kiss and smoking with her head uncovered - taboos in strict saudi arabia .
but rather than bow to the demands of the man , london-based princess basmah , who campaigns for human rights in the kingdom , has exposed the extortion attempt on her website and through social media channels .
the plot began while princess basmah was on holiday at christmas at the gleneagles hotel in scotland , according to the daily telegraph .
she received a message on facebook from a man claiming to be a friend , who she refuses to name but described as a sheikh in his 30s from the united arab emirates .
she later discovered the account had been hacked by her blackmailer .
she said : ` he sent me a message saying how fascinated he is by my work , how he admired my writings and how i was a hero of the arab world .
' she continued corresponding and then had a long video conversation via the internet just after christmas .
` he was a young man .
he started getting emotional , saying he would be coming to see me and that i had to see him .
he said he was very attracted to me and i started to become suspicious .
' she felt the man , who resembled the sheikh , was trying to entrap her into saying potentially embarrassing things of a sexual nature and confronted him .
she was stunned when he admitted his deception and the fact he was