by .
ted thornhill .
munching just two and a half portions of fruit and vegetables daily may significantly reduce the risk of stroke , new research claims .
stroke risk decreases by 32 per cent with every 200 grams of fruit consumed each day and 11 per cent with every 200 grams of vegetables consumed each day , according to a study .
the conclusion came from analysis of 20 studies about the effects of fruit and vegetable consumption on risk of stroke published over the past 19 years .
food for thought : stroke risk decreases by 32 per cent with every 200 grams of fruit consumed each day and 11 per cent with every 200 grams of vegetables consumed each day .
stroke is a ` brain attack ' , according to the stroke association .
its .
website says : ` for your brain to function , it needs a constant blood .
supply , which provides vital nutrients and oxygen to the brain cells .
a .
stroke happens when the blood supply to part of the brain is cut off and .
brain cells are damaged or die .
` about .
a third of people who have a stroke make a significant recovery within a .
month .
but most stroke survivors will have long-term problems .
it may .
take a year or longer for them to make the best possible recovery .
sadly , in the most severe cases , strokes can be fatal or cause long-term .
disability .
' it says that members of the public can recognise a stroke using the fast test : .
1 -rrb- facial weakness - can the person smile ?
has their mouth or eye drooped ?
2 -rrb- arm weakness - can the person raise both arms ?
3 -rrb- speech problems - can the person speak clearly and understand what you say ?
4 -rrb- time to call 999 .
the stroke association says that failing any of these tests means it 's a medical emergency and it 's time to call 999 .
` improving diet and lifestyle is critical for heart and stroke risk reduction in the general population , ' said yan qu , the study 's senior author and director of the intensive care unit at qingdao municipal hospital , china .
` in particular , a