father of two glen turner was shot a number of times at croppa creek on july 29 .
the family of nsw environment officer glen turner who was gunned down in a remote country road have called for jail and confiscation of property in the worst cases where landowners ignore legislation .
ian robert turnbull , 79 , has been charged with murdering the compliance officer at croppa creek , north of moree , on july 29 this year .
he is yet to plead and is currently in custody and is due to appear in court on september 22 .
mr turnball 's nsw property had been at the centre of a land clearing dispute with the office of environment and heritage over illegally chopping down trees in the croppa creek area .
he was previously charged and pleaded guilty in the land and environment court with illegal land clearing between november 2011 and january 2012 .
mr turnbull , a wheat farmer , had previously been served notices by mr turner for illegally clearing vegetation on his property and in the croppa creek area .
as part of the independent biodiversity legislation review the turner family have submitted an emotional submission calling for legislation to be less ambiguous and ` clear and concise disincentives ' for landowners prepared to defy laws .
the review is looking at legislative and policy framework for the management of native vegetation , threatened species and other protected native animals and plants in nsw .
in their submission the family said : ` our loss is at times unbearable , our need for quiet solace paramount .
` we ask the panel give serious consideration to increasing penalties for non-compliance , given that it has been clearly demonstrated that the current system of penalties does not act as a deterrent .
` gaol terms should be a sentencing option .
` this legislation exists to place controls on those driven solely by self-interest and possessing a skewed idea of their rights as landholders to the detriment of the environment and other landholders .
` no landholder in australia has an unfettered right to deal with their land as they will .
` we refer in particular to the possibility of landholders being granted permission to cause irreparable damage to land by means of broadscale land clearing , resulting in degradation of water quality