by .
jessica jerreat .
an elderly couple had a lucky escape when their truck was struck by lightning as they drove through alberta in canada .
the dramatic moment their vehicle was turned into a fireball on saturday afternoon was caught on surveillance video from a nearby business .
the force of the strike melted parts of al and betty perry 's truck and trapped them inside when the vehicle 's electrical equipment failed .
scroll down for video .
fireball : al and betty 's pick up truck bursts into flames as lighting strikes it on an alberta road .
in the footage , the couple 's car is seen driving along a road next to power lines and under stormy skies .
lightning suddenly strikes the truck , and a halo of flames can be seen engulfing the vehicle as it continues down the road .
as the lighting hit their chevrolet , the airbags went off , the electrics malfunctioned - locking the windows and doors - and smoke started to fill the inside of the vehicle .
` it sounded like a sonic boom , ' mr perry said , as he described how everything lit up around them .
' i turned my body and put my two feet up .
and tried to kick the window out .
i do n't know how many .
times i tried , ' mr perry told wptv .
mr perry said he feared their truck would become a ` coffin ' and added that he was concerned for his wife because she was recovering from a stroke .
shocking : the lightning lights up the sky as it strikes a pick up truck on saturday .
impact : potholes mark the road surface at the points where the lightning made contact .
lucky escape : al and betty perry thought they would be overcome by smoke after their truck was hit .
fortunately , a police officer who had been driving behind them was able to break into the vehicle and help the couple to safety .
while the couple , who celebrated their 47th wedding anniversary just days after the strike , were given a clean bill of health by doctors , their truck did n't fare so well .
all of the air bags inside it had gone off , and the strike and