kelsey grammer forgave the man who raped and murdered his sister but said that he should not be released , during an emotional testimony at the killer 's parole hearing on tuesday .
the 59-year-old frasier star testified against 57-year-old freddie glenn who kidnapped and murdered his 18-year-old sister , karen elisa grammer , in 1975 when she was leaving her job at a red lobster in colorado springs .
' i accept that you live with remorse , but i live with tragedy every day , ' the cheers star said via satellite link at a colorado parole hearing .
' i accept your apology .
i forgive you .
however , i can not give your release my endorsement .
' scroll down for audio of kelsey grammer 's testimony .
kelsey grammer , pictured in may , said on tuesday that he forgave murderer and rapist freddie glenn -lrb- right -rrb- for killing his 18-year-old sister karen in 1975 but that he should not be granted parole .
the actor said that to bless the idea of glenn 's parole ` would be a betrayal of my sister 's life ' .
a prison spokeswoman said on wednesday that glenn 's parole request has been denied .
he will next be eligible for parole in 2017 .
glenn and accomplice michael corbett snatched miss grammer on july 1 , 1975 , while she was outside the red lobster restaurant , waiting for her boyfriend to finish work .
the thieves had tried and failed to rob the restaurant and reportedly thought that the 18-year-old , who was sitting in her car , could identify them .
a life cut short : karen was a teenager when she was kidnapped , raped and murdered after leaving her job at a red lobster in colorado in 1975 .
she was repeatedly raped over four hours at an apartment , according to kktv .
she was then told she would be let go and released from a car at a mobile home park .
glenn , who according to the trial had taken lsd , then slit the teenager 's throat and left her on the ground .
she managed to make it to a nearby home for help but no one was home and she died on the back porch .
her body was identified a week later by