mark hill-wood -lrb- pictured -rrb- was arrested on suspicion of fraud last week .
he has used a string of different identities to dodge the authorities and escape bitter victims .
a man accused of cheating the ex-wife of bankrupt tycoon scot young can be unmasked as a prolific fraudster and fantasist .
mark hill-wood , 50 , approached michelle young and offered to find her former husband 's missing millions .
she handed over thousands of pounds in the hope he would be able to break the deadlock after an acrimonious eight-year legal battle .
but mailonline can reveal hill-wood is a ` walter mitty ' career conman .
our investigation has uncovered that the fraudster has hidden behind a string of different identities to dodge the authorities and escape bitter victims .
he has been convicted of elaborate scams including cheating elite athletes in the run up to the olympics and conning harrods out of a # 200,000 watch .
the discovery is yet another twist to the incredible saga of the collapse of mr young 's empire and the bitter dispute over his lost wealth .
his death after falling onto railings outside his # 3m marylebone penthouse home has prompted fierce speculation about what happened to his fortune .
an inquest is expected to be opened this week but it could be several months before the full circumstances of his final hours are laid bare .
meanwhile mrs young , who has two grown up daughters , has indicated she will continue to fight to find her ex-husband 's money and get her # 20m divorce settlement .
she has employed a team of lawyers and private eyes in her search and was contacted by hill-wood in july .
he told her he had set up his own private detective agency known as fullproof intelligence , which is based at a postal box in the city .
here hill-wood -lrb- left -rrb- is pictured with british formula 1 driver david coulthard -lrb- right -rrb- .
the photo was taken after hill-wood received a package to attend the monaco grand prix .
left , hill-wood 's passport reveals his true identity .
right , he is pictured in monaco during the grand prix .
he once went by the name philip buffett and was labelled a ` fantasy fraudster ' by a judge in april .
mrs