jose mourinho has given his players permission to let their hair down following wednesday night 's clash against west ham .
off the back of sunday 's euphoric capital one cup final win over tottenham , the blues are straight back into action against the hammers on wednesday .
mourinho says his players ' celebrations after the wembley win were subdued due to the prospect of facing west ham .
the chelsea players looked in high spirits during training on tuesday after being promised two days off .
diego costa evades a tackle from ramires as the blues squad took to their cobham training ground .
capital one cup final opening goal scorer john terry slides in against chelsea team-mate cesc fabregas .
boss jose mourinho was certain that the 34-year-old would extend his contract before the end of the season .
spaniard fabregas pleads for a decision under pressure from ruben loftus-cheek during a training match .
but the blues boss will give his squad two days off after the west ham clash and has given them permission to enjoy themselves .
mourinho said : ` maybe they went out with some family for dinner -lsb- after wembley -rsb- , but i do n't think they did any crazy things because , the next day , i saw them in very good condition .
` they will have thursday and friday off , and i told them those are the best moments if they want to do something that people at their age sometimes like to do .
` but they enjoyed it so much after the game on the pitch and in the dressing room , but even on the bus going back to stamford bridge was a normal journey .
' eden hazard twists and turns in an attempt to shake off oscar as the brazilian tracks down the belgian .
hazard has been one of chelsea 's main threats this season with his speed and agility down the flanks .
kurt zouma was deployed as a midfielder against spurs but mourinho said he 'd return to a defensive role .
hazard -lrb- second right -rrb- puts a foot in to intercept a pass by spanish midfield playmaker fabregas -lrb- centre -rrb- .
gary cahill has been in and out of the chelsea squad lately , but managed a clean sheet against spurs .
ramires -lrb- centre