the older of the two boston marathon ` bombers 'm arried his muslim convert wife in a quickie ceremony in a cramped office above a mosque in front of just five friends and family , mailonline can reveal today .
tamerlan tsarnaev and katherine russell exchanged vows and were given an islamic blessing in june 2010 as they stood in front of a cluttered desk with a dusty filing cabinet to their side .
the few onlookers squeezed into the 8-foot-by-12foot room and would have had to move a patio chair outside so they could all fit .
it is not clear if their parents even attended the 15 minute service which did not end with the bride and groom kissing but instead concluded with a simple handshake from the imam .
cramped : this is the tiny office in the masjid of the quran mosque in dorchester , massachusetts , where tamerlan tsarnaev and katherine russell were married .
quickie wedding : tsarnaev called the imam at the mosque and asked ` out of the blue ' if he would perform the wedding ceremony .
secret ?
it 's unknown whether either tsarnaev 's family or ms russell 's family knew about the wedding or approved of it at the time .
the unlikely location of the mosque - a 15 minute drive from the home in cambridge , massachusetts , that the couple were sharing - suggests they may have wanted to avoid the scrutiny of their families as they ` just wanted to get married ' .
it is also not clear if their mothers and fathers approved of the wedding - tamerlan 's mother zubeidat arranged marriages for his two sisters - but by that stage katherine may have already been pregnant with their child , now aged around three .
a few months earlier she had quit her communications degree at suffolk college near the end of her third out of four years .
tamerlan set up the wedding by phoning imam taalib mahdee at the masjid al quran mosque in a run-down area of dorchester , massachusetts , out of the blue and asking him to officiate .
the ceremony took place in his third floor office above the mosque which is up a creaky and badly lit set of wooden stairs .
legally wed : tsarnaev and ms russell filed the paperwork to