by .
associated press .
ailing radio personality casey kasem was in critical condition with an infected bedsore at a washington state hospital , as his daughter and wife headed to court for another hearing in a dispute over his care .
the 82-year-old kasem was receiving intravenous antibiotics and other care thursday for a serious pressure ulcer he had when he was admitted on sunday , according to a statement from st. anthony hospital in gig harbor .
hospital spokesman scott thompson said friday he would make no comment beyond the statement .
radio legend casey kasem , 82 , is said to be suffering in critical condition with an infected bedsore .
jean kasem -lrb- left -rrb- is due back in court opposite .
step-daughter kerri -lrb- right -rrb- as the two continue to struggle over the radio legend 's care .
people reports that his two daughters are already in the hospital with him with his son on the way .
his health is reportedly alert but it is uncertain how badly his health has deteriorated .
meanwhile , a hearing was scheduled later in the day in kitsap county superior court in the dispute between kasem 's wife jean kasem and his daughter kerri kasem , who has said in a court filing that her father has a form of dementia .
jean kasem has been in control of her husband 's medical care and has controlled access to him as his children from an earlier marriage contested who should make decisions about his care .
on may 20 , while kasem and his wife were in washington state , los angeles superior court judge daniel s. murphy ordered jean kasem to comply with court orders allowing doctors to evaluate her husband , and also permit kerri kasem to see him .
jean casem is restrained by a friend as she shouts at kerri casem as she takes custody of the 82-year-old broadcast icon .
the judge also ordered jean kasem to surrender her husband 's passport and temporarily suspended her powers to determine her husband 's medical care .
the ruling came after casey and jean kasem were tracked down by kitsap county deputies on may 13 at the home of long-time family friends .
jean kasem said they were on a family vacation .
kitsap county is west of seattle .
daughter kerri kasem