a footballer has died after a celebration went tragically wrong in india 's mizoram premier league .
peter biaksangzuala died in hospital on sunday after falling on his head while attempting a somersault after scoring for bethlehem vengthlang fc - a club based in the north east indian province of mizoram .
the 23-year-old midfielder scored a 62nd-minute equaliser against chanmari west fc in tuesday 's league encounter and celebrated acrobatically - in a manner similar to record world cup goalscorer miroslav klose .
warning : this video contains graphic content .
peter biaksangzuala -lrb- ringed right -rrb- died from injuries suffered in his goal celebrations for bethlehem vengthlang fc in an indian mizoram premier league match on tuesday .
biaksangzuala wheels away in celebration after scoring the equaliser against chanmari west fc .
the 23-year-old attempted a somersault celebration in the indian mizoram premier league match .
the midfielder 's celebration -lrb- ringed bottom -rrb- goes horribly wrong as he lands on his head in tuesday 's match .
biaksangzuala mistimed his landing and his head took the brunt of the fall .
team-mates immediately rushed to his aid and he was carried off the pitch on a stretcher .
biaksangzuala was rushed to aizawl civil hospital where a ct scan revealed he had severely damaged his spinal cord and he was moved to an intensive care unit .
it was clear from the reaction of players and the referee that biaksangzuala was seriously hurt .
the referee waves on medical staff as players crowd round biaksangzuala on the pitch .
the mizoram premier league is at state level .
each state has their own league and on a national scale , play in the third tier of indian football .
he spent five days in hospital , as doctors unsuccessfully attempted to heal his injuries , and was pronounced dead in the early hours of sunday after being put on a ventilator .
a source said : ` he was trying to do germany 's klose signature flip stunt , but it misfired unfortunately .
' reports in india suggest that biaksangzuala had donated his eyes during the time he spent in the hospital .
in memory of the midfielder , bethlehem vengthlang fc have retired his shirt no 21 with the mizoram football association releasing a statement via their official facebook page .
the statement read :