a texas elementary school teacher has been charged with sexually assaulting a six-year-old kindergarten student .
the austin school district has fired 33-year-old alfredo andrade-gaytan .
andrade-gaytan taught a bilingual kindergarten class at a central austin elementary school .
alfredo andrade-gaytan : he has been arrested and charged with aggravated sexual assault of a child after a 6-year-old girl told her parents that andrade-gaytan had assaulted her .
unexpected : andrade-gaytan , a third-grade bilingual teacher , had been teaching a summer school program at reilly elementary .
according to an arrest affidavit , andrade-gaytan kept a six-year-old girl in the classroom while the remainder of the class went to recess and asked her if she 'd like to play a game .
. she was a student in andrade-gaytan 's summer kindergarten class at reilly elementary .
police tried to question andrade-gaytan on thursday , but he denied being alone with the girl .
the girl told a parent she had been assaulted .
investigators say she was taken to a hospital , and dna evidence has been found on her clothing .
on friday , andrade-gaytan allegedly called aisd police to confess , saying he wanted to talk about ` making a mistake .
' there is no evidence that other students had been or will be in any danger .
communication : a letter was sent home to parents explaining the situation .
school officials said that nothing came up on andrade-gaytan ¿ s criminal background checks when he was hired and subsequent checks were clean .
andrade-gaytan was removed from the classroom immediately following the allegations .
investigators do n't believe that andrade-gaytan knew the student , and he only had her in class one day .
people who commit sex crimes on children tend to choose targets they are more familiar with , said eric mendez , the district 's police chief .
` this is very disturbing .
this is not typical behavior , ' mendez said .
` usually in these types of incidents the suspect knows their victim or their intended victim for some time .
' as of late saturday , andrade-gaytan remained in the travis county jail on $ 50,000 bail .
it was unclear whether he had hired an attorney .
police chief eric mendez : the teacher came in yesterday and during an interview provided information and confirmed