by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
17:39 est , 27 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:09 est , 27 march 2013 .
a texas man was today convicted of murdering an austin mother whose husband spent 25 years behind bars before he was exonerated of her slaying in 2011 .
jurors in san angelo found mark alan norwood guilty of capital murder for the 1986 beating death of christine morton , who was attacked in her north austin home , and the 58-year-old was sentenced to life in prison .
morton 's husband , michael , was initially convicted in her death in 1987 , but he was exonerated and freed in 2011 after new dna testing was done on a bloody bandanna found near the couple 's home .
guilty : mark norwwod , pictured in wheelchair , is taken out of the tom green county courthouse in san angelo , texas , wednesday , march 27 , 2013 after being found guilty of the 1986 murder of christine morton .
justice : michael morton , left , and dale norwood embrace on the steps of the tom green county courthouse wednesday , march 27 , 2013 in san angelo , texas after a guilty verdict was handed down to norwood 's brother , mark norwood .
according to the san angelo standard-times , prosecutors said norwood beat and sexually assaulted the woman .
investigators said blood on the bandana led them to norwood , whose dna was in a national database as a result of his long criminal history .
norwood 's lawyer suggested to jurors that the dna evidence linking his client to the murder was contaminated .
dna testing was n't available when the blood on the bandanna was initially tested in 1986 .
the testing was n't done until michael morton 's attorneys spent years lobbying for it .
norwood , 58 , also has been indicted in a 1988 slaying of another austin woman who lived near the mortons .
prosecutors also told jurors that a gun norwood stole from the mortons ' home and later sold linked him to the murder .
morton testified at the trial , telling jurors about the missing gun .
brutal : prosecutors said norwood , pictured left on march 20 and right in his mugshot , beat and sexually assaulted the