harry redknapp insists qpr wo n't sign any more ` t **** rs ' who are n't interested in playing for the club following rangers ' recent struggles in the premier league .
redknapp 's side go .
into the new campaign having been promoted through the play-offs , .
spending just one season away from the elite , and with a squad that .
bares almost no resemblance to that which slipped down to the .
championship in 2013 .
jose .
bosingwa was criticised for laughing and joking as he left the field .
following the dire goalless draw with reading that sealed both sides ' premier league fate , but he was not the only marquee signing to .
fail at loftus road .
no nonsense : qpr manager harry redknapp insists the club wo n't sign the wrong type of player again .
parted : qpr boss harry redknapp split with defensive coach downes before the premier league season .
video new teams wo n't break into top seven - redknapp .
the likes of park ji-sung , julio cesar , chris samba and djibril cisse all came in on high wages and were soon deemed to be unwanted by the man in charge .
former .
england and manchester united captain rio ferdinand penned a one-year .
contract at loftus road on thursday , becoming redknapp 's first new .
signing of the summer .
the .
duo worked together at west ham , with redknapp handing a 17-year-old .
ferdinand his professional debut in 1996 , and both will be hoping for a .
positive reunion .
in signing 35-year-old ferdinand , redknapp is certain he is not falling into the same trap for a second time .
` we are determined not to make those mistakes again , ' he said .
' i .
think tony -lrb- fernandes , chairman -rrb- and the board have learned from that .
so we have got to make sure this time , as best we can , we make the right .
decisions and get the right characters in here .
hooperstar : rio ferdinand brings experience to qpr having signed a one-year contract .
next in line : cardiff 's steven caulker could follow ferdinand to loftus road and play alongside him .
` we do n't want people who are going to come