leicester are in discussions about taking andrej kramaric on a permanent deal after chelsea failed to guarantee that the player would return to them at the end of the season .
hnk rijeka striker kramaric wanted to sign for chelsea and had agreed personal terms but did not want to spend his time on loan elsewhere next season .
leicester are now exploring the possibility of offering extra bonus payments to entice kramaric for them .
video scroll down to see chelsea target kramaric in action for dinamo zagreb .
andrej kramaric looks set to join a premier league side with chelsea and leicester chasing his signature .
chelsea had planned to loan kramaric to leicester , here 's why they ca n't ... premier league rule v. 7.1 .
' a temporary transfer to a club may not take place in the transfer window in which the transferor club acquired the player 's registration .
' this pl rule wrecked the plan for chelsea to sign kramaric from rijeka then loan him to leicester and complicated the move .
but the rule only covers loan deals between pl clubs .
it would not have stopped chelsea signing kramaric and then loaning him abroad , as they did with kurt zouma last january .
chelsea now seem to have backed out of the deal altogether , leaving leicester to pick up negotiations to sign him permanently .
the player travelled to london on monday and is in discussions with both clubs .
chelsea had initially outlined an # 8million deal that would see the player loaned to leicester for the rest of the season .
but this has been complicated as premier league rule v. 7.1 states the loan deal between the premier league clubs would not be allowed , preventing him from joining leicester immediately after signing for chelsea .
leicester , who signed mark schwarzer from chelsea last week , have been keen to back manager nigel pearson in his bid to salvage their premier league status .
that is evident in their pursuit of a striker .
apart from their efforts to sign kramaric , they have made an offer to toronto for jermain defoe and have tabled an # 8m bid for mainz forward shinji okazaki .
the japan international has scored eight goals in 16 games this season but mainz want # 10m for the