by .
helen pow .
published : .
16:25 est , 12 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:29 est , 12 september 2013 .
a new jersey paint plant worker has died after he was overcome by fumes and fell on a vat of solvent .
henry campbell , 56 , of newark was checking the levels within the vat at hartin paint & filler corporation in carlstadt on wednesday while the plant was closed for the day .
but while carrying out the standard procedure he lost consciousness and toppled on top of the container , police say .
his body was found covering the opening of the vat at around 3:58 p.m. tragic : henry campbell , 56 , of newark was checking the levels within the vat at hartin paint & filler corporation in carlstadt , pictured .
it 's not clear why he lost consciousness , detective john cleary said .
he was taken , unresponsive , to hackensack university medical center and died wednesday night .
a co-worker at the plant , kalifi thomas , tried to save campbell and managed to pull him off the vat but could n't revive him .
thomas of elizabeth was treated and released .
dennis monks , carlstadt 's emergency services chief , told nj.com that the vat contained the chemical toluene and was capable of holding at least 500 gallons .
the accident occurred in a tank located behind a two-story , concrete manufacturing building , witnesses told the website .
hospital : campbell was taken , unresponsive , to hackensack university medical center , pictured , and died wednesday night .
monks said firefighters hosed down the two men to decontaminate them and emergency medical workers administered first aid .
the occupational safety and health administration arrived on the scene around 5 p.m. and is investigating the incident .
the bergen county hazmat team were also called .
according to the news website , hartin paint was cited in 2007 for serious violations involving flammable liquids and the storage of materials that created a hazard and a number of ` less than serious ' violations involving flammable liquids and respirators , which are used to protect workers .
the company was initially fined $ 3,000 , but eventually entered into a settlement that allowed it to pay $ 1,350 .
hartin paint has