two boys who were allegedly kidnapped by their parents last week and taken by boat to cuba think they went on a ` big adventure ' , their grandparents revealed today .
four-year-old cole hakken and his brother chase , two , grinned and posed at a press conference in tampa on thursday - the first time they have been seen publicly since returning from cuba .
just two hours earlier , their parents , joshua and sharyn hakken , made their first court appearance in tampa on kidnapping charges .
they remain held without bond .
before the boys appeared , their maternal grandparents patricia and bob hauser revealed that the youngsters do not know they were allegedly kidnapped .
scroll down for video .
safe : four-year-old cole and two-year-old chase grin for cameras after their ` vacation ' to cuba .
back home : chase and cole pose with their grandparents , with whom they live , and local law enforcement .
` they have been told that everyone heard about their sailboat trip to cuba - `` another country '' , as they call it , ' mrs hauser told the press .
` and their airport ride back to america , and that everyone wants to take their picture ... we are treating it as if they went on a vacation .
' she added that they are letting the boys share details of their ` adventure ' in their own time , saying that so far they have not described what they did on the trip .
when the boys came out of the house , they smiled and waved at the cameras - and cole even dropped to the ground to lay on his side and pose for pictures .
` thank you for taking my picture , ' chase said quietly as they were ushered back into the home .
mrs hauser told the press that the boys have undergone health checks and are well - aside from a few bug bites .
she added that authorities also retrieved the family dog , who was dehydrated .
protective : patricia and robert hauser escort their grandchildren during a news conference by their home .
taken : the boys were allegedly kidnapped by their parents after their grandmother gained custody .
she said it had been a fraught week since the boys were