arsenal are considering a # 7million swoop for celtic defender virgil van dijk in an attempt to solve their defensive headache .
speaking at thursday 's annual general meeting , manager arsene wenger confirmed he will look to sign a central defender in january .
and van dijk is emerging as a prime contender amongst the gunners hierarchy .
virjil van dijk could be on his way for arsenal for # 7million ... the gunners failed to sign him in the summer .
arsene wenger is looking for defensive cover and admitted he will sign one player in january .
groningen -lrb- 2010-2013 -rrb- .
games 62 goals 7 .
celtic -lrb- 2013-present -rrb- .
games 42 goals 5 .
arsenal looked into the prospect of signing van dijk , 23 , on transfer deadline day but could n't get a deal over the line .
but the gunners are set to revive their interest in january as they look to bolster their defensive options arsenal have nine first-team players unavailable for tomorrow 's clash against hull city .
wenger 's biggest concern is in defence , with laurent koscielny -lrb- achilles -rrb- , mathieu debuchy -lrb- ankle -rrb- and calum chambers -lrb- suspended -rrb- all unavailable for the repeat of last year 's fa cup final .
koscielny 's long-term fitness is major concern .
the achilles injury is a long-standing problem , which has deteriorated in recent weeks .
` it has got worse , he finds it difficult to play with at the moment , ' said wenger , who insisted france international does not require surgery .
` if you wait for it to be better , it can be a short time .
if you want to get rid of it completely , it is long term .
` we will monitor him and as soon as he can take enough pain again he will play .
' laurent koscielny will be out of the game against hull this weekend with a mysterious achilles problem .
young defender calum chambers is unavailable for the game against hull due to a suspension .
the fear is koscielny 's injury could manifest itself into a problem that could see him miss months rather than weeks , leaving wenger with the dilemma of whether to hand koscielny an extended break in hope that the achilles does not become