a median income family will pay an average total of $ 245,340 to raise a child from birth up until the time they graduate from high school .
and a large chunk of that sum will be eaten up by childcare .
a study by child care aware - a group that provides resources to parents and caregivers - that was published by cnn money on thursday showed that about 15 per cent of a two-parent family 's median income will go to daycare .
the most affected areas in the united states are in the northeast .
on average , a family in massachusetts are spending $ 16,549 per child , per year for childcare .
extreme : a new study by child care aware shows that parents are paying more for childcare each year than they are for college tuition .
forever rising : a recent brookings institution analysis of consumer price data showed that costs of services continue to rise fast but income levels -lrb- dotted line -rrb- move much slower .
childcare -lrb- blue -rrb- was the steepest .
literally through the roof : the cost of childcare has increased so exponentially between 1990 and 2013 that it does n't even fit on this chart .
families in new york are the hardest hit , paying an average of 16 per cent of their combined yearly income .
the situation is understandably worse for families at the poverty line , who can spend up to 85 percent of their income on childcare .
prices are somewhat lower in the south , with louisiana coming in at the cheapest , devoting only 7 per cent of their income to having their children looked after .
the study determined that of the 50 american states , 30 of them are paying more for childcare each year than they are college tuition .
the results come after a recent brookings institution analysis of consumer price data from the bureau of labor statistics , which were published by the huffington post .
a chart from the analysis shows that while income has slowly increased from 1990 to 2013 - taking a minor plunge around 2008 during the gfc - the price of goods and services have risen steeply .
the most concerning increase was childcare .
pricey : on average , a family in massachusetts are spending $ 16,549 per