a long-running dispute between neighbours over two inches of land boiled over in bizarre fashion when one was caught on camera ripping down a set of iron railings .
ex-lib dem councillor richard oglethorpe was filmed pulling down the fencing put up by the elderly couple next door before smashing what was left with a hammer .
john and susan newton , who run an engineering business , said yesterday it was the culmination of a seven-year feud that began when they built a side entrance to improve access to their home .
scroll down for video .
this is the shocking moment former lib dem councillor richard oglethorpe was caught on camera as he took a hammer to the iron fencing put up by neighbours following a row with over just two inches of land .
john and sue newton , from aigburth , were ` shocked ' when neighbour mr oglethorpe ripped down the railings .
they said mr oglethorpe 's actions -- which led to police being called -- made them even more determined to stand their ground .
the couple , who are replacing the fence , claimed the 53-year-old was a ` bully ' .
` once he got going with the railing there was just no stopping him , ' said mrs newton , 58 .
` he 's an absolute nightmare .
he just bullies us and he 's even got a file on me with everything written down and photos .
` we 've had to do the same and that 's why we have cctv cameras .
but we wo n't be moving .
all i want is just to get on with my life .
' the dispute , on a quiet street in aigburth , south liverpool , escalated into a blazing row between mr oglethorpe and 81-year-old mr newton last friday .
former cressington ward councillor richard oglethorpe was caught on camera pulling down the fence after a blazing row with his neghbours .
the former liverpool council cabinet member for the environment was having his driveway resurfaced , and tempers flared over the fence , which he is understood to believe is fractionally on his property .
as his stunned neighbours stood by , the father of two pulled down the wrought-iron fence with his bare hands before smashing its foundations with a hammer .
by the