by .
alex ward .
published : .
08:06 est , 20 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
08:07 est , 20 september 2012 .
a married father of two-year-old twin boys that collapsed and died while playing cricket at lord 's , tragically died of natural causes .
philip standing , 30 , had just bowled his second over at the seven-a-side team-building session with colleagues from lloyds bank and lpg law firm when he sat down , feeling unwell .
moments later the accountant from caterham , surrey fell off his chair face first and began convulsing on june 28 at the indoor centre at the famous cricket grounds in st john 's wood , london .
family left behind : philip standing , right , died of natural causes at lord 's indoor cricket centre , leaving behind his wife kate standing , left , and two-year-old twin boys ben and oliver , centre .
despite being treated by paramedics , doctors and friends he died in hospital just over an hour later .
a post-mortem found that mr standing , who was largely healthy and loved sport , suffered a sudden cardiac arrest and had a history of high cholesterol .
at westminster coroner 's court , colleague brenda fleming said in her witness statement that the match had been ` light-heated , ' and ` not very energetic .
' she said : ` philip had recently bowled his second over and moved around the field to change position before he left the field to sit down .
` although the hall was very warm this seemed unusual because the game was not very energetic .
` only moments before leaving the field he was chatting and joking and had not shown any signs of feeling unwell .
` someone gave him a bottle of water .
but before he managed to drink it he dropped it and fell face-first off .
the chair he was sitting on .
he fell face-first and did not use his arms .
to stop him .
` he was convulsing ... he was breathing and groaning at this point .
' at the hearing : mr standing 's family , including his wife , second from left , and his mother sue standing , third from left , heard how his post-mortem revealed he suffered a