a man who forced a boy , 12 , to hold paint buckets while standing outdoors in 90-degree heat for hours as punishment has been sentenced to life imprisonment plus 50 years .
omar andrew pitts , 32 , of college park , georgia pleaded guilty on friday to murder in the death of his girlfriend 's brother , jay ` tavious mahone , according to fulton county district attorney 's office .
when paramedics arrived at the scene around 3.40 pm , they tried to revive mahone , who was also made to wear a dress and makeup , and suffered from a heat stroke outside of his home on june 17 , 2010 .
he later died from blunt force trauma to the head while in hospital , according to a medical examiner .
pitts also pleaded guilty felony murder , child cruelty , aggravated assault and aggravated sexual battery .
omar andrew pitts -lrb- above -rrb- , 32 , of college park , georgia pleaded guilty on friday to murder in the death of his girlfriend 's brother , jay ` tavious mahone , according to fulton county district attorney 's office .
mahone , 12 , -lrb- above -rrb- was made to hold paint buckets while standing outdoors in 90-degree heat while wearing a dress and makeup for hours as punishment because he took off his shoes when he was asked not to .
mahone was reportedly being punished because he took his shoes off after being told not to , and was also kicked by pitts after he collapsed in the sun , according to district attorney paul howard jr. .
during the punishment , the boy frequently complained of thirst and fatigue before he collapsed and passed out in the sun , according to the da 's office .
he was then kicked several times by pitts which left bruises and bumps all over his body , according to the ajc .
mahone 's sister , sabrina powell -lrb- above -rrb- , was also arrested following his death , and remained in fulton county jail during pitts ' sentencing as she awaits trial .
neighbor hakim deen , who captured the assault on video from an upstairs window , said he saw pitts kicking mahone in the head .
he said : ` eight or nine times , he kicked him .
the boy