sephora cosmetic emporium has been taking the world by storm and now it 's australia 's turn with a sydney store set to open just 20 days before christmas .
australian women will be flocking to the westfield shopping centre in sydney 's pitt street mall come december 5 with the alluring temptation of the most luxurious and niche products on offer in the one non-stop beauty superstore which will span two storeys .
it begs the question - will the most die-hard of cosmetic fans camp over night outside the store to be the first experience the free samples and makeovers - not to mention the ever-attentive and stunning beauty consultants ?
scroll down for video .
sephora cosmetic emporium has been taking the world by storm and now it 's australia 's turn with a sydney store set to open just 20 days before christmas .
although the popular urban decay products will not be stocked on the shelves - there will be more than 30 new brands exclusively available to aussie customers including marc jacobs beauty , kat von d , make up for ever , tarte and formula x .
the beauty giant 's fans have not been able to contain their excitement since sephora made the big announcement on its facebook page on tuesday .
` finally there 's a date ' kerri-anne kasprzycki exclaimed as she tagged in four other friends .
australian women will be flocking to the westfield shopping centre in sydney 's pitt st mall come december 5 .
many women will be wishing for christmas stockings full of sephora goodies this year .
keen customers are already planning shopping expeditions and talking about saving their well-earned cash to spend up big at the new 600 square metre store .
` we should arrange a play date there !! ' mary storey suggested .
` gon na start saving now ' mande lee posted .
' i think i will have savings of 1k by then , all for sephora lol , ' jess le said .
jelena vlaisavljevic also plans to splash out : ` well i know where all my money will be going !
' fans have not been able to contain their excitement since sephora made the big announcement on its facebook page on tuesday .
while those who live outside of sydney are planning a special