just one district in britain has seen its proportion of migrants fall in the last decade .
the percentage of the population from abroad in dorset 's isle of purbeck - a rural peninsula near poole - was 0.9 per cent lower in 2011 than in 2001 , despite rising everywhere else .
in some parts of the country the proportion of migrants in the general population doubled , the report found , and in two areas it more than tripled , according to an oxford university report .
rural : dorset 's isle of purbeck features corfe castle -lrb- pictured -rrb- , retirement cottages , holiday homes ... and the status of the only district in britain where the proportion of migrants fell between 2001 and 2011 .
the biggest increase was in boston , lincolnshire , where the proportion of migrants almost quintupled from 3 per cent to 15 per cent of the town 's residents .
and in merthyr tydil , south wales , the proportion of migrants rose from 1.4 per cent to 4.5 per cent .
the figures were compiled by the migration observatory , a body based at the centre on migration , policy and society at oxford university .
experts looked at the changes in britain 's make-up between the 2001 census and the 2011 census .
although london still has by far the highest proportion of migrants per head of population , the biggest increases were almost all outside the capital .
hull , wrexham and aberdeen were among the biggest changers , with all seeing the proportion of migrants in the population more than double .
increase : boston , lincolnshire , has seen its proportion of migrants increase from 3 per cent to 15 per cent .
purbeck was the only place where the proportion of migrants fell , but even there , the actual number rose - by eight people .
the rural area is popular with tourists and has become a hotspot for holiday homes and retirement cottages , driving up the price of houses for everyone else .
most of purbeck is made up of woods and fields and it features corfe castle , a former fortress which was partially demolished in the english civil war .
nathan gadenne , director of booth & co estate agents in wareham , purbeck 's largest town , said :