five men are to appear in court this month to face football banning order hearings after a video which showed chelsea fans being racially abusive to a black on on the paris metro went viral .
police said each of the men , who have not been named , have been served a summons and will appear at waltham forest magistrates ' court on march 25 ` regarding a police application for football banning orders ' .
chelsea fans sparked outrage last month when they were filmed singing racist chants and refusing to let a black man on a train ahead of a champions league match against paris st germain .
scroll down for video .
this still shows chelsea football fans on the paris metro pushing a passenger to prevent him from boarding .
police said five men will appear in court ` regarding a police application for football banning orders ' a metropolitan police statement said the summonses were served today and yesterday .
football banning orders are issued by courts following a conviction for a football-related offence after a complaint by the crown prosecution service or a local police force , the home office website says .
they can last for between three and 10 years .
breaches of the orders can result in a sentence of up to six months in prison .
footage captured by a bystander before chelsea drew 1-1 with paris saint-germain appeared to show a man being pushed back on to the platform amid chants of ` we 're racist , we 're racist and that 's the way we like it ' .
the commuter , souleymane sylla , 33 , -lrb- pictured -rrb- said later he felt ` truly wounded to the bottom of my heart ' the commuter , identified only as 33-year-old souleymane , said later he felt ` truly wounded to the bottom of my heart ' .
he said : ` we 're in 2015 , are n't we , and we 're in france .
we 're in a civilised country and when you are in a civilised country there are certain things you ca n't do .
` for me , it 's a humiliation .
i was humiliated in my country .
i was humiliated in front of my family , humiliated in front of my mother and father .
' the development