by .
james rush .
published : .
19:37 est , 28 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:58 est , 28 august 2013 .
it has taken more than three years and cost # 189million to build , but europe 's biggest library is due to open in a matter of days in birmingham .
the new library of birmingham , which was designed to replace the birmingham central library , will officially open on september 3 .
it was designed by architect francine houben who has described the building as a ` people 's palace ' .
construction on the building started in january 2010 and was completed in april this year .
impressive : the new library of birmingham , which has taken more than three years to build and cost # 198m , is set to open on september 3 .
inside : along with the lending library , the building 's ten floors will house the city 's internationally important collections of archives , photography and rare books .
imminent opening : the new library has been designed to replace birmingham central library and is due to open in a matter of days .
futuristic : the library was designed by architect francine houben who has described the building as a ` people 's palace ' the library 's futuristic exterior of interlacing rings aims to reflect the city 's canals and tunnels .
along with the lending library , the building 's ten floors will house the city 's internationally important collections of archives , photography and rare books .
new facilities , meanwhile , such as a state-of-the-art gallery will allow the public to access the collections for the first time .
the library will also feature a new flexible studio theatre , an outdoor amphitheatre and a recording studio .
intricate : the library 's futuristic exterior of interlacing rings aims to reflect the city 's canals and tunnels .
collections : the city 's internationally-important archives and collections will be housed in a climatically controlled ` golden box ' of secure archive storages .
design : the library has been designed by architect francine houben who described the building as a ` people 's palace ' extensive : the library will also feature a new flexible studio theatre , an outdoor amphitheatre and a recording studio .
green :