by .
sara nathan .
published : .
14:13 est , 23 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:36 est , 24 december 2013 .
tom cruise has started the holiday season in style - by taking his seven-year-old daughter suri to disney world .
the a list star , 51 , has been spotted at the resort in orlando , florida - while his son connor tweeted his joy at joining his family , writing : ` disney world !!!!!!!! ' cruise is believed to be spending christmas with suri after his ex-wife , actress katie holmes took the little girl back to her hometown of toledo , ohio , for thanksgiving .
finally over : tom cruise has reached a confidential settlement with bauer publishing .
daddy 's little princess : tom cruise whisked daughter suri off to disney world in florida in july 2012 - where she dressed up as the little mermaid .
cruise was spotted at the theme park just days after reaching a settlement in his $ 50million lawsuit against the publisher of both life & style and in touch magazine .
holidaymaker sydney rae davis tweeted yesterday : ` in disney world , just had the best dinner of my life , and i 'm in the same building as tom cruise .
it 's a good day .
' cruise is a familiar face at disney world .
he was pictured enjoying a break with suri - dressed as ariel from the little mermaid - in august 2012 .
the pair were seen at a water park and for the best part of suri 's adventure , she got to stay in one of disney 's most coveted rooms , cinderella 's castle suite .
daddy daughter time : tom cruise launched a $ 50m action against bauer publishing insisting he had not abandoned daughter suri following his split from katie holmes in 2012 .
the room can not be booked at any price , but it 's often used by disney for charity events and promotions .
four stories above the magic kingdom sits cinderella 's castle suite , which is decorated as a 17th-century chamber , with a sitting room , bedchamber and bathroom off a private marble-floored foyer , reported people .
staying in the suite includes access to a 24-hour concierge , ready to make your