a lawyer who was by the side of corporal nathan cirillo in his final moments after being fatally shot has described the outpouring of love , support and aide she and other strangers used to try and keep the young man alive .
barbara winters was on her way to a meeting on wednesday morning when she passed the national war memorial , stopping to take a few photos of the guards on duty before heading off on her way .
seconds later , she heard four shots and , knowing exactly what had happened , ran not away from the noise but back towards the memorial and cirillo .
scroll down for video .
saint of a stranger : barbara winters -lrb- above in black -rrb- has described the final moments of corporal nathan cirillo 's life , and the five strangers who worked to save him .
helping hand : winters -lrb- above -rrb- , a lawyer , had just passed the national war memorial when cirillo was shot , and immediately ran back to help .
winters said she had an instinctive feeling that the guards had been targeted .
with four people already laying over the solider , and doing everything they could to help him , winters also got involved .
a nurse on her way to work , margaret lerhe , and another solider who was on guard were busy applying pressure to his wounds so as to stop his bleeding .
a fellow passerby was working to elevate the 24-year-old 's feet while a fellow corporal was by his head talking to him .
` you 're doing good , you 're doing good , buddy , ' he told cirillo .
` you 're breathing - keep breathing .
' gone to soon : cirillo -lrb- on left -rrb- photographed just minutes before he was fatally shot .
stand-up guy : the 24-year-old -lrb- above -rrb- would eventually die in the arms of the five strangers who worked to save him .
winters , who was recounting her story for the globe and mail , she got down , loosened the solider 's tie , said a prayer , and also began speaking to the brave young corporal , telling him , ` you 're a good man , you 're a brave man .
' he soon stopped breathing and lost