andy murray has been spotted out and about for the first time since landing in heathrow on tuesday after the tumultuous australian open .
but as he and fiancee kim sears donned wellies , hats and fleeces for a snowy dog-walk , his four-set defeat by novak djokovic on sunday was a world away .
the couple strolled with their border terriers maggie may and rusty near their # 5 million home in oxshott , surrey , yesterday .
scroll down for video .
kim kept her gloves on but andy looked at this smartphone while walking their dogs maggie may and rusty .
kim wrapped up in a burgundy and grey striped scarf that matched her snug trousers and gloves .
andy murry and kim sears enjoyed a stroll through snow-covered oxshott yesterday afternoon .
the 27-year-old scot smiled as he walked and chatted to kim , although at one point he checked his phone before his hands got too cold and he put them back in his pockets .
andy wore a black wool beanie and a grey jumper over a zip up top .
his trousers were by under armour , the us clothing brand he has a four-year deal with .
both he and kim , 27 , wore matching navy hunter wellies but she held on to the dogs ' leads .
the pet portrait artist pulled her hair into a loose bun but protected her ears with a grey headband .
a burgundy , grey and black scarf was knotted around her neck but she kept her navy jacket , worn over a loose grey top , open .
she wore snug claret-coloured trousers and matching gloves for their walk before they climbed into a grey land rover and drove away .
andy murray wrapped up warn in clothing by his sponsor under armour while kim held the dog leads .
this is the first sighting of the pair since landing in heathrow after andy 's four-set defeat in melbourne .
the walk will no doubt have done wonders for their jet lag after a 24-hour flight back from australia , which is 11 hours ahead of the uk .
andy was in the country for two weeks competing for the grand slam title with kim by his side .
and while andy 's defeat at the final hurdle grabbed headlines , it was