a suspicious email about the death of a dj-turned-conman was distributed this week .
a suspicious email about the death of a dj-turned-conman was distributed this week , as it was revealed that he racked up $ 250,000 in debts after setting up numerous fake businesses across australia .
the letter was sent to media outlets on tuesday night , including radioinfo , claiming dene broadbelt had taken his own life .
in 2014 fairfax media unveiled that the young fraudster , who goes by various aliases including dene broadbent , dean mussillon , nic lloyd and clay o'connor , had a series of ventures including a charity cancer walk .
the 21-year-old has reportedly moved back to his nsw south coast home and told the bay post/moruya examiner he had no knowledge of the letter .
radioinfo reports the email was sent by ` jason blackford ' , who delivered the news of mr broadbelt 's supposed death .
' i have to inform everyone of the sad news that dene broadbelt died unexpectedly on saturday night when he took his own life , ' the email reads , shared by radioinfo .
` there is to be a memorial service held asap -lrb- date and time will be announced as soon as possible -rrb- .
we would ask that dene 's final wishes are observed , and there are to be no flowers , donations to world vision would be welcomed instead .
' a contact number was provided for mr broadbelt 's mother , suzanne , for those who needed further details about his funeral service .
mr broadbelt has denied being a conman and further rejected claims that he faked his own death .
last year it was reported by fairfax media that mr broadbelt had incurred debts of more than $ 120,000 over an 18-month period from a number of scams .
at the time , he said he was filming a channel seven charity outback walk for cancer and also claimed to be working as a promoter for a national music festival as well as posing to be a dj talent agency chief .
however mr broadbelt has denied being a conman and further rejected claims that he faked his own death .
' i am not dead , ' he told the bay post/moruya examiner on wednesday .
' i made a mistake