most 13-year-olds resort to farcical excuses to avoid handing in homework .
why not hack your school 's online system and take the answers directly ?
and if it 's going to take months of filling your piggy-bank to buy the newest xbox game , why not hack an online store and lower the price to whatever you see fit ?
those are of some of the prospective antics of wang zhengyang , an adolescent who 's been dubbed china 's ` hacking prodigy ' .
scroll down for video .
wang zhengyang -lrb- pictured -rrb- is an adolescent who 's been dubbed china 's ` hacking prodigy , ' and has developed a profile in the chinese media .
tsinghua university in beijing , where zhengyang is already affiliated , despite being only 13-years-old .
the junior high student is already working with tsinghua university in beijing , and has developed a public profile in china .
but the media have accused zhengyang of using his hacking prowess for mischief .
zhengyang addressed these reports when he spoke at the 2014 chinese internet security conference in beijing .
despite online hackings nefarious reputation , zhangyang says he wants to use his powers for good .
` you have to attack the websites first to find its weaknesses , ' he said , and explained that the school website he hacked was not for his own class but the high school students at the same school .
and as for changing the price of an item on an online store from 2,500 yuan to 1 yuan , shanghaiist reported that ` he notified the online store of the security breach and did not make the purchase .
' in april , the teenager contacted a popular beijing-based software called company called qihoo 360 about a potential system flaw that could affect over 100 educational institutions in the country .
' i think those who hack all day for profit are immoral , ' zhengyang said at the conference .
` it is interesting to look for website security risks and i am overwhelmed with joy when i find one .
but i will not use my talent for something illegal .
' in april , zhengyang contacted a popular beijing-based software called company called qihoo 360 about a potential system flaw that could affect over 100 educational institutions in the