the harlequin -lrb- pictured -rrb- is eating other ladybirds , including the 2-spot and 10-spot , at such a rate it has become one of the world 's fastest spreading insects .
british ladybirds are under threat from a cannibal species from europe .
the harlequin ladybird , which is now the second most common in the uk , is eating other ladybirds - including the 2-spot and 10-spot - at such a rate , it has become one of the world 's fastest spreading insects .
since the harlequin was spotted in the uk in 2004 it has bred with astonishing ferocity and there are currently more than a billion .
hundreds of householders have reported plagues inside their homes .
a new study is the first to use dna analysis to identify prey species in the guts of harlequins showing their ` damaging effect on native species .
' originally from east asia , the harlequin is larger and more voracious than native british ladybirds that have become part of its diet .
although mainly an aphid predator , it is believed to be responsible for the decline of some other ladybirds through competition and cannibalism .
in total , 177 larvae were collected from the wild in england , france , germany , slovakia and the czech republic before being tested .
three of the four target prey species were detected in the guts of harlequins including the 10-spot ladybird -lrb- adalia decempunctata -rrb- found in 9.6 per cent , 2-spot -lrb- adalia bipunctata -rrb- in 2.8 per cent and marmalade hoverfly -lrb- episyrphus balteatus -rrb- , also in 2.8 per cent .
the only insect tested for , and not detected , was the green lacewing -lrb- chrysoperla carnea -rrb- , said the study published in entomological science .
in total , 177 larvae were collected from the wild in england , france , germany , slovakia and the czech republic and then tested .
three of the four target prey species were detected in the guts of harlequins including the 10-spot ladybird -lrb- found in 9.6 per cent -rrb- and the 2-spot -lrb- pictured -rrb- at 2.8 per cent .
dr peter brown , of anglia ruskin university in cambridge , said : ` this study shows harlequin ladybirds in the wild commonly prey on a number of insects other than just aphids .
since