by .
anna edwards .
published : .
08:00 est , 29 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:37 est , 29 november 2013 .
a fugitive briton wanted over a # 1.5 million fraud in south africa has been found working as a teacher in the uk - after the police were tipped off by a pupil .
broker mike hale , 63 , left pietermaritzburg four years ago after 20million rand -lrb- # 1.55 million -rrb- went missing from his insurance firm .
authorities there put out a search warrant and contacted interpol in a bid to track him down .
but mr hale , a former captain of the great britain water polo team , arrived back in the uk and passed background checks to become a supply teacher in cornwall .
accused mike hale denies any wrongdoing and says he left south africa because of stress .
the ex-sportsman was brought to the attention of the authorities when a school pupil read about his case on facebook and recognised him .
the 13-year-old girl posted details of her detective work online along with a picture she took of mr hale - and soon more students came forward to confirm the sighting .
among them was former falmouth school student daniel templeton , who was taught pe by mr hale 18 months ago .
he wrote : ' i thought , `` oh my god , that 's really him '' .
' i just find it ridiculous .
surely he must have gone through the system ?
' police in south africa are now waiting to extradite mr hale who is no longer working as a teacher after penryn college and falmouth school informed the police about the developments .
the ex-sportsman , pictured with his partner , went undetected for years but was finally exposed when a school pupil read about his case on facebook and recognised him .
the alleged conman left south africa in 2009 after the money went missing from the accounts of his company mjcm insurance brokers in pietermaritzburg .
he is accused of 20 cases of fraud affecting 200 people , including his wife of 13 years and his brother-in-law .
mr hale denies any wrongdoing and says he fled south africa because of stress .
he said : ` my attorneys are dealing with it .
there