at least 50 sports fans were killed when a suicide bomber detonated his explosives vest in a crowd watching a volleyball tournament in east afghanistan .
a further 50 people were injured after the bomber blew himself up in the middle of spectators watching an inter-district tournament in yahyakahil , paktika province .
paktika provincial spokesman mukhles afghan said the explosion ripped through the crowd as they watched the tournament final .
most of the casualties were civilians , he said .
scroll down for video .
afghan children play volleyball : at least 50 afghan sports fans have been killed after a suicide bomber detonated his explosives vest in the middle of a crowd watching a volleyball tournament .
file picture .
` the suicide attacker was on a motorcycle , he detonated himself in the middle of a volleyball match , ' attaullah fazli , deputy governor of paktika province , told afp .
' a lot of people including some provincial officials and the police chief were there .
about 50 people have been killed , and 60 injured , a lot of them seriously .
' mr afgha told ap : ` there were too many people gathered in the one place to watch the game .
dozens of others are wounded and we have reports that many of them are in critical condition .
` we need urgent help from the central government because we might need to transfer wounded people to kabul for treatment , ' he added .
paktika , bordering pakistan , is one of afghanistan 's most volatile regions , where a taliban-led insurgency is waging an intensifying war against the government in kabul .
today 's attack is one of the deadliest so far this year , a time when attacks are escalating alongside a contentious election , the inauguration of president ashraf ghani in september , and the withdrawal of western troops .
about 12,000 international troops will remain in afghanistan next year to train and support afghanistan 's security forces .
the latest attacks come as it was revealed u.s. president barack obama signed a ` secret ' order allowing the pentagon to continue to target taliban fighters even after the military withdrawal .
the president 's decision , made during a white house meeting with national security advisers , also gives the military the green light to