a nine-year-old boy got through airport security and onto a plane without a ticket , it emerged last night .
security officials at minneapolis-st paul international airport screened the boy , whose exploits echo the leonardo dicaprio film catch me if you can , at the airport shortly after 10.30 am on thursday .
but the unidentified child from minneapolis , minnesota , slipped through a security checkpoint and then boarded delta air lines flight 1651 - which left for las vegas , nevada , at 11.15 am .
leaving : a 9-year-old runaway passed through this security checkpoint at minneapolis airport without a ticket .
the flight crew became suspicious and .
contacted las vegas police , who met the boy upon landing and gave him to .
child protection services , a metropolitan airports commission spokesman .
said .
a security video also showed the boy at the airport terminal on wednesday , the day before his trip , officials said .
he .
took a bag from the carousel that did not belong to him and ordered .
lunch at a restaurant outside of the security checkpoints , mac spokesman .
patrick hogan said .
he ate and then told the server he had to use the bathroom , left the bag and never returned to pay .
the owner of the bag was identified .
and the bag was returned to him , mr hogan said .
at this point , this is a .
delta and -lsb- transport security administration -rsb- issue , ' he added .
` this .
is a rare incident .
' in a statement to minneapolis tv station kare-11 , delta officials said : ` we are investigating the incident and cooperating with the agencies involved .
' leaving : the runaway boy flew to las vegas from minneapolis-st paul international airport on a delta plane like this one , pictured .
it was only discovered mid-air that he had no ticket .
kare-11 reported that authorities believe the nine-year-old boy is a runaway from the twin cities .
` he had to pass three levels of security , ' said terry trippler , an air travel expert with theplanerules.com , to the tv station .
` he had to pass three levels of security .
you have the tsa , the gate agents , and the flight crew and