luis suarez is available to make his la liga debut in the first el clasico of the season after the fixtures placed real madrid vs barcelona the day after his biting ban ends .
the striker is eligible to make his barcelona debut on october 26 with his four-month ban for biting italy 's giorgio chiellini ending the day before , and is likely to do so at the bernabeu .
suarez signed for barcelona from liverpool in a # 75million five-year deal , and will play in the second el clasico of the season alongside new team-mates lionel messi and neymar on march 22 .
video scroll down to see luis suarez get locked out and pose for photographs with fans .
d-day : suarez will have his last appeal heard by the court of arbitration for sport in lausanne on august 8 .
new signing : suarez signs one barcelona fan 's lionel messi shirt after his move to the nou camp outfit .
day in the sun : suarez is available to play from the end of october following ban .
return date ?
luis suarez could make his first barcelona appearance against real madrid .
big draw : barca fans will be keen to see their new man in action against their fierce rivals .
real madrid vs barcelona - oct 26 .
barcelona vs real madrid - mar 22 .
real madrid vs atletico madrid - sep 14 .
atletico madrid vs real madrid - feb 8 .
barcelona vs atletico madrid - jan 11 .
atletico madrid vs barcelona - may 17 .
copa del rey final - may 30 .
opening day matches on aug 24 .
sevilla vs valencia .
levante vs villarreal .
barcelona vs elche .
granada vs deportivo .
rayo vallecano vs atletico madrid .
eibar vs real sociedad .
real madrid vs cordoba .
celta vigo vs getafe .
almeria vs espanyol .
malaga vs athletic bilbao .
all games subject to change for tv schedule .
there is , however , a chance fixtures could change , should the tv schedule call for the el clasico to be broadcasted on a different date .
barcelona themselves tweeted : ` real madrid-fc barcelona will take place on 25/26 october at santiago #fcblive #clasico ' should they move the showdown to the day before , suarez would not be