by .
sophie borland , claire ellicott and tim shipman .
published : .
19:35 est , 18 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
02:51 est , 19 february 2013 .
hospital managers behind one of the worst health scandals in living memory won glowing praise from the head of the nhs .
at the height of the mid staffordshire scandal , sir david nicholson toured wards and in a follow-up letter said ` well done ' for ` progress in target areas ' .
the visit came in october 2005 -- a year in which 300 patients are thought to have died because of poor care .
by 2009 , the total stood at 1,200 .
at the height of the mid staffordshire scandal , sir david nicholson toured wards and in a follow-up letter said ` well done ' for ` progress in target areas ' bereaved families , who are calling for sir david to quit , say many lives could have been spared had he investigated the health trust .
in other developments in the nhs crisis : .
the letter obtained by the mail shows the nhs chief visited mid staffordshire 's two hospitals -- stafford and cannock chase -- while he was in charge of the regional health board .
it is thought the visit was on october 27 and was followed by a letter of congratulation to the chief executive .
it noted improvements on hitting targets for waiting times in casualty , cancer treatment , surgery and outpatients .
yet that month an elderly woman who had suffered a stroke was sent home by a casualty doctor who misdiagnosed her as having a urine infection .
the visit came in october 2005 ¿ a year in which 300 patients are thought to have died because of poor care .
by 2009 , the total stood at 1,200 .
she fell into a coma two days later and died .
julie bailey , who set up the campaign group cure the nhs after her mother died at the trust , said : ` he should have been asking questions of the trust 's chief executive , not congratulating him .
` the care was just disastrous from 2004 and it became a longstanding problem .
he is ultimately responsible .
how can he carry on in his job after all this