they .
send the information to a small detachable transmitter on the back of .
the shirt , which sends transmissions to the smartphone via bluetooth .
they have become a must-have gadget for many a fitness fanatic .
but if you 're the kind of person who wo n't leave the house without a sports watch , it may soon be time to ditch it .
inventors have unveiled a new digital running shirt which has all the features of an electronic tracking device and more .
scroll down for video .
in the sports arena , the 'd - shirt ' , pictured , by french company cityzen sciences was demonstrated with a team of basketball players .
it is made from a special fabric woven with sensors which record a wearer 's heart rate , gps location , route , speed and altitude .
the ` d-shirt ' is made from a special fabric woven with sensors which record your heart rate , gps location , route , speed and altitude .
the shirt is made from a smart sensing fabric woven with integral micro-sensors .
they .
send the information to a small detachable transmitter on the back of .
the shirt , which sends transmissions to the smartphone via bluetooth .
the transmitter on the garment must be detached before washing .
transmissions .
can only be made up to 10 metres away from the phone , so if it is left .
at home the data will arrive when the runner returns .
if the runner or their personal trainer takes the phone with them , it means they can monitor the run in real time .
the phone can store and analyse data from the fabric , showing the person 's route and how fast they are going .
the .
app provides a summary at the end of each session , showing your route , .
time , speed , heart rate and number of calories burned .
the garment , which is lightweight and washable , sends the information to an app on your smartphone via bluetooth .
it means you can record your progress during the run and view a summary of your performance on your return .
it allows a friend or personal trainer to monitor you at a distance during a workout - a feature which may be