a plane which crashed during an attempted landing in a tropical storm , killing 49 people , is believed to have been due to pilot error .
the official report on the october 2013 crash of lao airlines flight qv301 , which had six australians on board , was released on friday and presented to the friends and family of the victims .
the crash has raised further questions about the safety of airlines operating out of southeast asia , with a 20 % increase reported in people flying in the region .
gavin 's father , geoff rhodes , 71 -lrb- right -rrb- , said after some hesitation about travelling to laos , he and gavin 's sister , melissa rhodes-smith -lrb- left -rrb- , flew to the hear the report delivered .
along with the australian nationals , seven french , five thai , three south koreans , two vietnamese , as well as individuals from china , myanmar , taiwan and the us died in the crash .
the lao airlines flight tried to land at pakse international airport in laos in the middle of a heavy storm , but pilot yong sam was forced to ascend again after failing the attempt .
the 56-year-old cambodian had more than 30 years flying experience , with the report noting that he was a skilled pilot used to flying the aircraft .
despite a recommended height of 990 feet , yong sam reached an altitude of only 600 feet before attempting to execute another landing , hitting an island in the mekong river and killing all those on baord .
the official report on the october 2013 crash of lao airlines flight qv301 , which had six australians on board , was released on friday and presented to the friends and family of the victims .
the victims bodies were recovered from the water over several weeks , with some victims found almost 20 kilometers downstream from the crash site .
locals gather at the scene of the lao airlines crash in the mekong river .
` it was raining but the pilot continued the approach and lastly decided to go around at an altitude below -lrb- recommended levels -rrb- in a steep right turn , ' the report said .
` it impacted the trees on an island in the mekong , the fuselage struck the bank and