republican presidential candidate rand paul smacked around democratic rival hillary clinton at a campaign stop in new hampshire this morning on the eve of the former obama administration official 's first visit to the granite state as a proclaimed 2016 candidate .
` when hillary clinton travels there 's going to need to be two planes , one for her and her entourage , one for her baggage , ' paul said during remarks at a new hampshire gop summit taking place in nashua this weekend .
` i 'm concerned that the plane with the baggage is really getting heavy and teetering ' paul said , predicting that she 'd soon have new questions to answer about her family foundation 's donations from foreign actors .
scroll down for video .
` when hillary clinton travels there 's going to need to be two planes , one for her and her entourage , one for her baggage , ' rand paul said during remarks at a new hampshire gop summit taking place in nashua this weekend .
then secretary of state hillary clinton is pictured here walking from her airplane on october 31 , 2012 upon her arrival at zagreb airport in croatia .
clinton is now running for president and will campaign in new hampshire this week .
clinton embarked on a cross-country trip in an armored van she nicknamed ` scooby ' last weekend for the first leg of her presidential bid .
she ditched the van within days and flew back to the east coast , travelling coach .
the wealthy democrat was spotted at the omaha , nebraska , airport on the way back carting her own luggage .
paul has been suggesting since he announced his bid for the oval office in early april that clinton , a former first lady , u.s. senator , secretary of state and board member of the bill , hillary and chelsea clinton foundation would ` soon ' face a day of reckoning over the charity 's fundraising practices .
' i think there is big news coming on the clinton foundation , ' paul told fox news during a new hampshire swing earlier this month .
' i think there are things that went on at the clinton foundation that are going to shock people .
' ' i think they 're going to make people question