by .
lucy crossley .
published : .
07:54 est , 10 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
03:47 est , 12 march 2014 .
victim : the body of corporal geoffrey mcneill , 32 , was discovered at clive barracks in tern hill , shropshire .
another soldier has been arrested on suspicion of murder .
a soldier has been arrested on suspicion of murdering an army corporal at their barracks just hours after a reported late night brawl in a nearby town centre .
the body of corporal geoffrey mcneill , 32 , was discovered at clive barracks in tern hill , shropshire , at around 9am on saturday .
a 23-year-old soldier , who served at the same barracks near market drayton , has been arrested on suspicion of murder and was being questioned by detectives at shrewsbury police station today .
speaking on behalf of the victim 's family , one of his three brothers , jason mcneill paid tribute to the soldier .
` geoff was born in ballymoney , northern ireland , and dedicated his life to the 1st battalion , royal irish regiment , ' he said .
` he served his country with the highest degree of honour and dedication .
` he was a much loved son , brother , uncle and friend and touched the lives of all who had the pleasure of meeting him .
` the family would like to give thanks for the continued support of the army , police and all who knew and loved geoff .
our love for him remains as strong as ever .
rest in peace soldier .
faugh-a-ballagh .
' people living and working near the camp told how the night before cpl mcneill 's body was found , a fight had broken out between two soldiers in market drayton , around six miles away from tern hill .
the market town is a popular location for servicemen to unwind when they are off-duty and has six pubs within a mile radius .
killed : a 23-year-old has been arrested on suspicion of murdering corporal mcneill .
` drink involved ' : workers in the town of tern hill , shropshire , speculated that alcohol may have been involved .
` brawl ' : one worker at a shop in the town said that a fighter among the soldiers