by .
neil ashton in sao paulo .
on wednesday robin van persie , spearheading holland 's forward line , ran out of ideas .
this was not his night .
at the end , after 120 desperate minutes here in sao paulo , they could n't even turn to him from the penalty spot in the shootout .
he had been taken off in extra-time , replaced by klaas-jan huntelaar at a time when holland coach louis van gaal desperately needed a goal .
one chance was all van persie wanted , one opportunity to seal holland 's place in the world cup final against germany on sunday .
it felt like it would never come and it never did .
video scroll down to watch robin van persie play beach tennis with patrick kluivert .
frustration : robin van persie could not produce a one of his trademark displays in semi-final with argentina .
helpless : van persie and his team-mates could only watch on as holland lost 4-2 on penalties .
miss : ron vlaar missed the first penalty as holland were knocked out of the world cup in the semi-finals .
quiet night : van persie did not produce a one of his best displays against argentina .
bruised : argentina defender ezequiel garay -lrb- left -rrb- was aggressive and resolute against van persie -lrb- centre -rrb- .
well-marshaled : van persie -lrb- right -rrb- could not get the better of argentina defender martin demichelis .
stretching for it : van persie was trying to find his best form but he was unable to breakdown argentina .
video argentina scrape through to final .
no matter where he went , his path to glory was blocked by the bruising presence of martin demichelis and ezequiel garay .
the argentina defence was on to the striker him , fully focused on keeping van persie quiet .
they did a decent job of it .
demichelis was eventually booked , cautioned for tripping arjen robben at the start of the second half .
well , it was always going to happen .
the city defender has a decent game in him at times and this , despite the caution , had the makings of one of them .
van persie is van gaal 's man , the striker who can turn games with those clinical finishes from his