the man known to millions as neighbours star harold bishop has landed himself a new role -- teaching sex education .
actor ian smith has been unveiled as the face of a new video series to support teachers delivering health and sexual wellness education in schools after la trobe university discovered just 59 per cent of teens in australia reported using condoms when they last had sex .
the 76-year-old plays a grandfather in the series called ` ask grandad ' , in which he teaches young people how to put on a condom .
in an interview with kiis 101.1 's matt tilley and jane hall , the aussie tv legend joked : '55 years in the business and here i am teaching sex education .
' actor ian smith has been unveiled as the face of a new sex education video -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
he plays a granddad who offers advice on how to use condoms in the video .
smith explained that he was inspired to help because he never received proper sex education himself .
` it is one of my youngest memories , i asked my grandfather ... and him telling me a few things about life which my parents never ever did , ' smith said .
' i remember my sex education from my father , i had just gone to bed and was reading a book when he walked in and gruffly sort of threw a soft cover book on the bed called know your body and that was it , ' the actor added .
smith , who joined neighbours as harold bishop in 1987 - when kylie minogue and jason donovan were still in the cast - and fell in love with madge ramsay who was played by anne charleston , admitted that he got ` slightly embarrassed ' while filming with condoms .
ian smith joined neighbours as harold bishop in 1987 and has run the show 's coffee shop and general store .
smith will return to ramsay street for the show 's 30th anniversary episode .
` but i thought why am i embarrassed ?
do you want kids to grow up like you did ?
, ' he told kiss 101.1 .
the australian research centre in sex , health and society at la trobe university in melbourne , victoria , teamed up with ansell