the founder of the controversial ground zero mosque allegedly spent more than $ 3 million that had been donated to charity to fund a first-class lifestyle that involved ` lavish trips , luxury sports cars and personal real estate .
' imam feisal abdul rauf was slapped with a $ 20 million lawsuit by , robert leslie deak , a major backer to his nonprofit who alleges the wild spending in the papers filed in manhattan supreme court .
rauf 's charity , the cordoba initiative , received $ 3 million from the malaysian as well as another $ 167,000 from private donors .
that money was meant to counter anti-islamic sentiment but instead went to rauf 's private life , the lawsuit alleges .
big spender : imam feisal abdul rauf allegedly spent more than $ 3 million that was meant for charity for personal gain .
deak also claims that rauf ` falsified ' the nonprofit 's ` tax returns for 2008 , 2009 and 2010 by failing to report receipt of funds from foreign sources and transfers of funds .
' rauf 's lawyer adamantly denied the allegations , the new york post reported .
` he 's going to vigorously defend them and show that it has no basis , ' the lawyer , paul knight , said of his client.rauf served as the imam of the ground zero mosque until being ousted in january 2011 .
the mosque drew criticism from family members of those who died on 9/11 because it is just two blocks from the site of the terror attacks that killed nearly 3,000 .
the mosque and community center opened in september 2011 but only after its developer admitted they should have done more to calm concerns of those who lost loved ones on 9/11 .
controversial : the ground zero mosque , also called park51 islamic center , is two blocks from the site of the 9/11 terror attacks .
left is an artist 's rendering of the final version of the community center , while the picture on the right shows it as it currently stands .
too close for comfort ?
: map shows the proximity of the park51 facility , also called the ground zero mosque , in relation to the site of the 9/11 terror attacks .
the developer , sharif el-gamal , said he wanted a