researchers testing a major upgrade to a telescope have spotted a bizarre supernova remnant that looks uncannily like a manatee .
w50 is one of the largest supernova .
remnants ever viewed by the vla , measuring nearly 700 light years .
across , and covering two degrees on the sky -- the span of four full .
moons .
the unique 20,000 year old phenomenon was spotted following a major upgrade to the national science foundation 's -lrb- nsf -rrb- karl g. jansky very large array -lrb- vla -rrb- .
scroll down for video .
w50 , the supernova remnants , which look uncannily like a manatee .
florida manatees are gentle giants that average around 10 feet long , weigh over 1000 pounds , and spend up to eight hours a day grazing on sea plants .
florida manatees are gentle giants .
that average around 10 feet long , weigh over 1000 pounds , and spend up .
to eight hours a day grazing on sea plants .
they occupy the remainder of .
their day resting , often on their backs with their flippers crossed .
over their large bellies , in a pose closely resembling w50 .
dangerous .
encounters with boat propellers injure many of these curious .
herbivores , giving them deep , curved scars similar in appearance to the .
arcs made by the powerful jets on the large w50 remnant .
` optically bright astronomical objects , .
those visible to the eye and optical telescopes , often are nicknamed for .
their earthly likenesses , such as the whirlpool galaxy and owl nebula , ' said the national radio astronomy observatory in a statement .
when the vla 's giant w50 image reached .
the nrao director 's office , heidi winter , the director 's executive .
assistant , saw the likeness to a manatee , the endangered marine mammals .
known as ` sea cows ' that congregate in warm waters in the southeastern .
united states .
the enormous w50 cloud formed when a giant star , 18,000 light years away in the constellation of aquila , exploded as a supernova around twenty thousand years ago , sending its outer gases flying outward in an expanding bubble .
the remaining , gravitationally-crushed relic of that giant star , usually a black hole , feeds on gas from