a two-year-old virginia boy who was born without both thumbs is learning to use his hands for the first time after doctors were able to recreate the digits using his index fingers .
connor woodle was born in charlottesville in 2012 with a condition called thumb aplasia , which affects one in about 100,000 infants .
doctors said it was incredibly rare for a child to be born without thumbs but still have four normally-functioning fingers on each hand .
but connor 's parents worried it was an ailment that would substantially affect him for life .
scroll down for video .
the boy born without thumbs : connor woodle was born without thumbs on both hands but with eight normally-functioning fingers .
rare condition : thumb aplasia affects aly about one in every 100,000 .
adjustment : as he grew older , connor adjusted to life without thumbs , and would pick things up like a crab .
worried : connor 's father , jason woodle , was the first to notice his son 's hands when he was born .
` my first thoughts were : how is he going to be able to function in the world ?
' his father , jason woodle , told today health .
` everything from five-fingered gloves to being able to reel in a fishing rod to being able to play a video game .
' ` even something as simple as hitting a space bar on a keyboard -- we take our thumbs for granted .
' as he got older , connor adjusted to not having thumbs and would use his fingers like a crab claw to pick things up .
but his parents wanted more for him .
after an assessment at the university of virginia hand center , doctors believed they could perform a surgery called digit pollicization .
the procedure involved removing connor 's index fingers , shortening them , and then attaching them to the place where he thumbs would have normally been .
concerned parents : jason and joan woodle went to great lengths to ensure the best for their son .
expert : orthopedic surgeon at the university of virginia hand center , dr. bobby chhabra , was the doctor who decided to perform the digit pollicization on connor .
the end result would still leave him only four fingers , but