by .
tim shipman .
published : .
19:50 est , 25 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
02:36 est , 26 february 2013 .
george osborne faces calls to slash capital gains tax as a report shows past increases have failed to create revenue .
official figures examined by the adam smith institute show putting up the tax in 2010 actually cost the treasury income .
its report finds people held on to assets -- such as property or shares -- rather than selling them , to avoid the higher tax rate .
capital gains increase : official figures examined by the adam smith institute show that chancellor george osborne putting up the tax in 2010 actually cost the treasury income .
osborne raised cgt from 18 per cent to 28 per cent for most taxpayers in june 2010 , nearly three months into the tax year .
this unusual timing means the impact of the change can be easily measured .
figures from hm revenue & customs show a 76 per cent drop in transactions that attract cgt , and a 64 per cent reduction in tax paid .
if the new regime had run for a full year the amount raised by the levy would have plunged from # 6.9 billion to # 2.5 billion .
` clearly , many people sought to realise .
gains before the rate increased , knowing that the coalition agreement .
committed the government to a sharp increase in cgt rate , ' the report .
says .
reductions : the report fuelled calls by tory mps including adam afriyie -lrb- left -rrb- and brian binley -lrb- right -rrb- for the chancellor to slash taxes in the budget next month .
` cgt is effectively a voluntary tax , paid .
only when people choose to dispose of assets .
if they perceive rates to .
be too high , they choose to keep assets .
wales could bring in a lower tax band for the middle classes to attract business .
the treasury is said to support calls for the welsh assembly to be able to vary tax rates .
welsh tories would use the powers to .
cut tax for the middle 40 per cent band - but they are unlikely to win .
control of the labour and plaid cymru-dominated assembly .
` the adam smith