by .
lee moran .
last updated at 1:59 pm on 16th september 2011 .
down to work : helle thorning-schmidt arrives at the danish parliament this morning .
neil kinnock is finally getting a taste of leading a country - after his daughter-in-law swept to victory to become denmark 's first female prime minister .
helle thorning-schmidt , dubbed a ` gucci diva ' for her penchant for designer clothes , led a ` red bloc ' of parties to oust centre-right lars loekke rasmussen from office .
it came despite allegations , published days before the election , that saw her forced to dismiss rumours she had separated from her husband and that he was gay .
she now begins the tricky task of .
piecing together a centre-left government - to deal with the country 's .
growing economic crisis .
celebrating with supporters in the early hours of this morning , the 44-year-old , who married the former labour leader 's son stephen in 1996 , said : ` we did it .
today is a day of change .
` make no mistake : we have written history .
today there 's a change of guards in denmark .
' it followed a speech from ramussen , who said : ` there is no parliamentary support for our government .
` so tonight i hand over the keys to the prime minister 's office to helle thorning-schmidt .
and dear helle , take good care of them .
you 're only borrowing them .
' her father-in-law famously lost to john major 's conservatives in the 1992 general election after leading the polls for months .
while .
he blamed sustained personal attacks on him by the press , critics said .
voters were turned off by labour 's tax plans and his premature triumphalism at a sheffield party rally .
there had been fears that his son 's wife could suffer from the same ` kinnock curse ' in the lead-up to polling day .
but social democrat thorning-schmidt 's ` red bloc ' won a slim majority of five seats in denmark 's 179-seat parliament .
turnout was a high 87.7 per cent .
the social democrat leader is embraced by a supporter after claiming victory in the parliamentary election .
victorious : thorning-schmidt waves to supporters , alongside her husband stephen kinnock