a florida adult entertainment club shaped like breasts is getting a major reduction next month .
the city of winter park bought the jiggle joint currently called christie 's cabaret but nicknamed the ` booby trap ' for $ 990,000 this week and they plan on demolishing the structure .
winter park planning manager jeff briggs told the orlando sentinel that the city council wanted the ` heinous ' structure removed as soon as possible .
bye bye boobies : the city of winter park bought the club nicknamed the ` booby trap ' for just under $ 1 million and they plan to tear it down next month .
briggs said that buyers have expressed interest in buying the land from winter park once the joint is gone and said the city will do what it needs to sell .
the club , once known as club harem and club rio , was annexed by winter park a decade ago .
adult entertainment establishments would normally be prohibited on the zoned land , but the gentleman 's club was grandfathered in when the property was annexed into the city in 2004 .
a man named john prevatt and his two sisters inherited the land about 50 years ago and leased it to a man who built the ` booby trap ' .
other land operators tried to make the structure less titillating by painting it white and adding a dome in between the two other structures .
back in december the city commission voted unanimously to buy the business and then demolish it , despite some who said the city should pursue legal action over land zoning .
` the owner of the property has offered to sell us that property .
they were asking for $ 1 million for it , and we got them down to $ 990,000 , ' said city manager randy knight in december meeting .
first amendment rights : the city thought about suing the club over zoning issues but feared that the argument would become about freedom of speech , which the city can not overturn .
knight said that they did n't want a lawsuit with the club because it would become about the first amendment rather than about zoning since the business has been operating for years .
' i think we need to be very judicious about why we