by .
ruth styles .
published : .
17:37 est , 5 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:37 est , 5 june 2013 .
shopping is more pleasurable than sex for more than half of british women , a new survey has revealed .
fifty-five per cent said that a good day out at the shops is a bigger thrill than spending time between the sheets , even though 10 per cent of items purchased will never make it out of the wardrobe .
a retail-addicted 11 per cent told researchers that shopping is always better than love-making , regardless of the circumstances .
thrill : for more than half of british women , a day shopping is better than a night of passion with their husband .
the study of 2000 british women , all of whom were in relationships , also found that the average woman thinks about shopping six times a week compared with four times a week spent indulging in ` sexy ' thoughts .
worryingly , the study also found that shopping can be a source of tension for couples , with 37 per cent saying that joint shopping trips are often the cause of a heated row .
as a result , the majority of women prefer to shop with friends or alone , with just 16 per cent saying that they wanted to spend more time shopping with their partners .
even children were seen as a better choice of shopping partner - 23 per cent of the mothers polled said their husbands were more trouble than their offspring .
is he the reason ?
tesco recently revealed that spanish model jon k would front their f&f clothing range .
host : australian actress holly valance is to front the new shopping show .
holly valance , the host of tlc 's new .
tv series ultimate shopper , which commissioned the study , said : ` for .
many of us ladies , a great day out at the shops is the ultimate .
indulgent guilty pleasure .
` the .
odd impulse buy that never gets worn is a small price to pay given how .
much satisfaction a spot of retail therapy can give !
` we .
hope our new series ultimate shopper will remind people just how much .
fun shopping can be and how