lewis hamilton will not jeopardise his chances of winning the spanish grand prix by repeating the erratic driving style he deployed at the last race in china .
hamilton , who will again start on pole position here in barcelona , slowed down and weaved during the parade lap three weeks ago , causing the cars behind him to slam on their brakes and in some cases to stop altogether .
the mail on sunday has learnt that race officials discussed hamilton 's strange behaviour at the time but decided not to penalise him .
video scroll down to jump on board with hamilton around the barcelona circuit .
job done : lewis hamilton secured the 35th pole position of his grand prix career in spain on saturday .
however , the matter was brought up at the drivers ' meeting on friday evening and hamilton apologised to his fellow racers and promised not to replicate the same antics .
as long as he keeps his nose clean , hamilton is likely to win sunday 's race after a brilliant performance in qualifying .
he finished 0.168 sec ahead of his mercedes team-mate nico rosberg to claim his fourth pole position in five races this season .
for all the talk of upgrades to the cars of rivals at the opportunity offered by the first race of the european stage of the season , mercedes have seemingly maintained their significant advantage over the rest .
on track : mercedes driver hamilton is bidding for his fourth straight victory this season .
nobody can live with them : daniel ricciardo , of red bull , was third fastest , a full second back from hamilton .
` i 'm very disappointed , ' said rosberg .
' i do n't particularly like coming second to lewis .
i did a good lap but he did a better job .
' there is a danger , implicit in what rosberg said , that hamilton can waltz to his second world title .
he has won three of the four races , the only blip being a technical malfunction at the opening round in melbourne .
rosberg won that race and was runner-up at the next three , meaning that he takes a four-point lead into sunday 's race in barcelona .
hamilton has not led the standings since he did so fleetingly