these luxurious calf leather handbags with beautiful silk detailing are helping women in pakistan out of poverty .
the popinjay brand uses local artisans in rural pakistan and offers fair wages , which allows them to become self-sufficient and provide for their families .
the company is the brainchild of american-educated engineer saba gul .
these luxurious calf leather handbags with beautiful silk detailing are helping women in pakistan out of poverty : the trinidad tote -lrb- left -rrb- sells for $ 420 -lrb- # 259 -rrb- on popinjay.co and the baracoa clutch bag -lrb- right -rrb- goes for $ 185 -lrb- # 114 -rrb- .
saba gal , who set up the company in 2011 , with two of the workers .
saba , who is from pakistan herself , says she felt heartbroken at the lack of opportunities for women in her home country but it was hearing the story of a 12-year-old afghan girl called azaada khan that inspired her to take action .
azaada .
pretended to be a boy for in order to be allowed to attend .
school during a time when girls had not rights to an education .
this story inspired saba to create a programme that could provide a livelihood and skills for young women in a similar predicament in pakistan .
popinjay handbags , designs shown above , is a socially conscious handbag label which seeks to employ and empower pakistani artisans .
the pakistani women who create the handbags , one such worker pictured above , were once living in poverty .
so in 2011 , saba left a successful career as an engineer in america and moved to pakistan .
in the summer of 2011 she launched the company 's first handmade products under the .
label bliss , which was re-launched as popinjay in the autumn of 2013 .
popinjay 's mission is to provide fair-wage jobs for women when they leave school .
the pilot programme originally began as a non-profit scheme , which saba funded with her own savings and money raised through an indiegogo campaign .
the women who make the handbags -lrb- pictured in the mustard fields .
of pakistan -rrb- are given a fair wage which enables them to provide for their families .
two of popinjay 's embroiderers working on the silk detailing for the handbags .
a tote bag -lrb-