male circumcision is one of the simplest operations .
indeed , it 's deemed so simple that in this country you do n't even need a medical qualification to perform it on newborns or children .
circumcision has been practised for centuries , with the earliest evidence dating from the time of the pharaohs .
yet it 's become a highly controversial procedure , and one that stirs strong passions - the actor russell crowe famously caused a twitter storm in 2011 when he described the procedure as ` barbaric and stupid ' .
he later apologised .
circumcision has become a highly controversial procedure , and one that stirs strong passion -lrb- stock image -rrb- .
but medical experts are increasingly divided over whether circumcision should be performed .
on one side of the debate is the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention -lrb- cdc -rrb- - america 's leading public health organisation .
in december it issued draft guidelines recommending the procedure for all boys , arguing circumcision protects against the risk of urinary tract infections in infants and sexually transmitted diseases in adulthood .
this may be because it reduces the risk of bacteria lodging within the foreskin and reduces the risk of tiny tears to the foreskin that become an entry point for infections .
the cdc guidelines also suggest that circumcision lowers the risk of men contracting herpes and the human papilloma virus , in turn protecting them against penile cancer - and cutting the risk of their passing the virus on to women , reducing their risk of cervical cancer .
the cdc concluded that ` the scientific evidence is clear that the benefits outweigh the risks of physical or mental harm that may be involved ' .
those in the ` no ' camp say all this is based on flawed studies from africa that have no relevance to western populations .
furthermore it ignores research that shows no link between circumcision and the risk of sexually transmitted diseases .
in december , cdc issued draft guidelines recommending the procedure for all boys -lrb- stock image -rrb- .
over the past five years , doctors ' groups in sweden , norway , denmark , finland , holland , iceland and australia have spoken out against the procedure .
their various national organisations have called for bans on the op unless it is