picture the scene : you come home after work feeling too exhausted to cook - only to find a delicious meal worthy of a michelin-starred restaurant waiting for you .
it sounds like a fantasy , but it could be about to come true thanks to a robot chef developed by british scientists .
they have come up with a set of robotic arms so sophisticated that they are capable of cooking meals from scratch .
scroll down for video .
new hospitality : british scientists spent almost 18 years developing the robotic ` chef ' hands .
scientists at the shadow robot company spent almost 18 years developing the hands , which are each governed by 24 motors , 26 micro-controllers and 129 sensors .
according to its creators , the arms can chop , stir , whisk and baste well enough to recreate almost anything you would care to eat , whether it is a simple home-cooked supper , or an elaborate concoction designed by a world-class chef .
the hands move a little slowly , hovering strangely above the work surface whenever they are not busy , but they imitate human movements closely enough that they can do things such as wipe a spoon on the edge of a pan to prevent drips .
the device will be sold from as early as 2017 as part of a purpose-built high-tech kitchen , priced at around # 10,000 -lrb- $ 14,000 -rrb- , which includes an oven , hob , dishwasher and sink .
engineers at the shadow robot company spent almost 18 years developing the hands , which are each governed by 24 motors , 26 micro-controllers and 129 sensors .
working from a small workshop in islington , north london , they used to sell a few dozen devices a year , primarily to other scientists who used them for their own research .
even nasa is understood to have ordered a pair to ` inspire ' its engineers .
according to its creators , the arms can chop , stir , whisk and baste well enough to recreate almost anything you would care to eat , whether it is a simple home-cooked supper , or an elaborate concoction designed by a world-class chef .
the hands move a little slowly , hovering strangely above the work surface whenever they are not busy , but they