from the forest elephants of africa , to india 's tigers and even our own great white sharks , wildlife is losing the battle for survival all over the world .
human activity has been blamed for the plummet in numbers , as the united states reports dwindling populations of bumblebees and polar bears - and one of the world 's biggest decreases in sealife .
our ever-growing need for land and resources , coupled with hunting and poaching , has halved the number of wild animals in world in just 40 years , according to a shocking report .
the living planet report by wwf and the zoological society of london has found that wildlife populations around the globe have declined by 52 per cent on average since 1970 .
the authors compiled data on 10,380 animal populations , including 3,038 different species , as an index to judge how global wildlife is faring as a whole .
in the us , fish have decreased by 83 per cent between 1970 and 2010 - the second largest drop after latin america which lost 86 per cent in the same period .
american amphibians have also struggled in the modern world , with an overall decline of 73 per cent recorded , while the total number of reptiles dropped by 48 per cent nationwide .
the great white shark is one of the united states ' worst-affected species , having lost around 50 per cent of its population in just 20 years , largely due to oil spills in the ocean .
endangered : the population of great white sharks has decreased by around 50 per cent in just 20 years due to a number of factors including oil spills in the ocean .
worldwide problem : the common sight of monarch butterflies could soon be a distant memory as the population has plummeted almost 90 per cent in just 20 years .
little brown bats continue to plummet in numbers due to white-nose syndrome , which has killed seven million since 2006 .
in some states , the population has decreased by 99 per cent .
the syndrome infects the bat 's body causing its organs to go cold and its heart to slow .
experts are still struggling to determine the cause .
the number of rusty-patched bumblebees - crucial pollinators - haven disappeared from 87 per cent