warren gatland has compared saturday 's tie between wales and ireland to a sibling rivalry but insists there is no ` bad blood ' between the celtic neighbours .
during his early years as national coach , gatland said his squad ` dislike the irish players the most ' - remarks that he later described as a ` backhanded compliment ' - because of the competition between the welsh regions and irish provinces .
but the kiwi on tuesday played down any animosity ahead of the rbs 6 nations tie , insisting his players are no longer hung up on leinster and munster 's dominance in european competition .
wales captain sam warburton prepares to become his country 's most-capped captain against ireland .
warren gatland says there is no longer bad blood between celtic six nations rivals , more a sibling rivalry .
` some of our players had been used to being regularly dominated by the irish provinces , ' said gatland .
` but it has been pretty even over recent years and there are no hard feelings or bad blood between the two teams , just a very strong rivalry when you know each other so well and play each other so often .
` it 's like playing against your big brother in the back yard .
you want to beat him as often as you can and saturday will be no different .
last weekend was the first time since 2010 that all four welsh regions won against irish provinces .
it was a big boost for us and for the players ; they came in this week with a spring in their step .
' warburton leads his side into a must win encounter that could keep their six nations hopes alive .
wales centre jonathan davies will be part of an unchanged starting xv to the one that beat france .
a win for wales would keep alive gatland 's championship ambitions , and derail irish hopes of a grand slam .
wales have kept faith in the starting xv who beat france , confirming that sam warburton is fit to become his country 's most capped captain .
ireland name their team on wednesday and fly-half jonathan sexton is expected to be fit after a hamstring injury .
backs : l halfpenny ; g north , j davies , j roberts