a houston mother has been charged with neglect after her nine-year-old daughter 's body was discovered stuffed inside a refrigerator six months ago .
amber keyes is being held wednesday on a charge of injury to a child-serious bodily injury .
the 35-year-old keyes has n't been charged with killing her daughter , ayahna comb , but houston police say the neglect charge is linked to her death .
ayahna weighed 14 pounds when some children looking for food found her body in keyes ' refrigerator in june .
charged : houston mom amber keyes , 33 -lrb- left -rrb- , has been charged over the death of her nine-year-old daughter ayahna -lrb- right -rrb- , whose body was found in the crisper of a fridge in june weighing just 14 pounds .
tragic : the body of ayahna -lrb- center -rrb- was found wrapped in a blanket inside the fridge of mother amber keyes ' -lrb- right -rrb- apartment .
ayahna , who has a younger sister -lrb- left -rrb- , had been there almost five months , it 's believed .
a neighbor called police to the happy home apartments in the 10100 block of club creek .
at the time paramedics determined the little girl had been dead at least a month .
an autopsy determined ayahna , who had cerebral palsy , died of malnutrition and dehydration .
keyes says she found ayahna unresponsive on january 29 but could n't revive her , so she wrapped the girl in a blanket and stashed her in the fridge .
if the account is accurate , the child would have been in the fridge for over four months .
ayahna could not talk , was confined to a wheelchair and had to be bottle-fed .
an attorney for keyes did n't immediately comment .
bond was set at $ 50,000 .
scene : the dead girl was found in the refrigerator of a home at the happy home apartments -lrb- pictured -rrb- in houston , texas in june .
investigators believe that she had been there for five months .
neglect : amber keyes - seen here in an earlier picture - is being held in the harris county jail on $ 50,000 bond .
keyes also has a criminal record .
she was arrested for possession of a controlled substance in 1998 and spent over 12 months