a florida woman sentenced to 20 years in prison after firing a warning shot during an argument with her abusive husband has been released on bond while she awaits retrial under a controversial part of the state 's self-defense law .
marissa alexander was convicted of aggravated-assault with a deadly weapon , which caused a furor when her supporters compared it to the self-defense case of george zimmerman , who was acquitted earlier this year of murdering an unarmed black teenager .
the case drew criticism from civil .
rights groups concerned about self-defense laws and mandatory minimum .
sentencing rules , but it received little attention outside north florida .
until the zimmerman case .
new trial : marissa alexander at her bond hearing nov. 13 , 2013 , in jacksonville , florida .
alexander is getting a new trial after a court overturned her 20-year prison sentence for firing what she called a warning shot at her husband .
free for now : although no one was injured in alexander 's case , the court gave her a 20-year prison sentence under the state 's mandatory minimum sentencing guidelines .
critics cried racism and their case was strengthened after george zimmerman was found not guilty .
although no one was injured in .
alexander 's case , the court gave her a 20-year prison sentence under the .
state 's mandatory minimum sentencing guidelines because she had fired a .
gun during the assault .
a state appeals court ruled in september that alexander , who is black , deserved a new trial because the judge failed to properly instruct the jacksonville , florida jury about her self-defense argument .
she was convicted in may 2012 .
` this news is vindication for marissa and all the women who have become criminalized for exercising their basic right to defend themselves and their children , ' angie nixon of florida new majority , a social justice organization , said of alexander 's release .
zimmerman was arrested for killing trayvon martin in 2012 and was acquitted of murder and manslaughter in july 2013 .
under the so-called stand your ground clause which was added to florida 's self-defense law in 2005 , people who use deadly force to defend themselves from serious injury - rather than retreating to avoid confrontation - can be immune from prosecution .
zimmerman never