by .
harriet arkell .
published : .
07:19 est , 12 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:14 est , 12 november 2013 .
as austerity continues to bite and metal prices soar , the sight of scrap metal men hurling old microwaves into the backs of vans is an increasingly common one .
the job 's not glamorous , but what few realise is that while other industries are struggling , britain 's scrap metal industry is a thriving , # 10billion-a-year business that makes serious money for those who work hard .
a fascinating new documentary lifts the lid on the secret world where the rolex-wearing , mercedes-driving scrapyard boss turns over # 7million a year , and the rag and bone man makes # 12 a day trawling the streets with his pony and cart .
doing well : michael is the rolex-wearing , mercedes-driving scrapyard boss who turns over # 7million a year .
lucrative : staffed by a team of nine , sydenham scrap metal turns over 10,000 tonnes and # 7million a year .
called getting rich in the recession : scrappers , the show focuses on the characters who make their living at sydenham scrap metal in south london .
packed with compacted old cars , vacuum cleaners , cables , washing machines and other sort of metal junk , the yard is a thriving business run by 31-year-old michael -lrb- his surname is not given -rrb- and his staff of eight .
the yard turns over 200 tonnes of scrap metal each week and pays out # 60,000 a week to an army of self-employed scrappers , who scour london 's streets for rubbish they can turn into cash .
tattooed michael , whose grandparents set up the business with just # 50 decades ago , now makes millions from his business buying metal from scrappers and selling it on to be recycled .
they use a magnet to sort the metals - if it sticks it 's iron and not worth much , and if it does n't it 's precious metal - copper , brass or lead - and worth up to 100 times as much .
michael said : ' i started here at 14 , no exams , nothing , and i turned over # 7m last year .
this is my life , but