by .
fiona macrae .
pointless ?
research has found taking flu tablets could prolong your illness and make you more contagious .
cold and flu remedies may make you feel better but your friends and colleagues wo n't thank you for taking them .
scientists say that while aspirin , paracetamol and ibuprofen make the person taking them feel better by lowering their temperature , they may also make the bug easier to spread .
as a result , more people will catch it .
the canadian researchers calculated that tablets taken to ease the sweats and chills of flu are to blame for at least one in 20 cases of the illness -- and many deaths .
they say that rather than taking pills to lower their temperature , people with flu should stay at home , get plenty of rest and have some hearty soup .
however , british experts questioned their sums .
the researchers , from mcmaster university in ontario , first gathered together studies on the biology of flu .
this included one which showed that ferrets release more of the flu virus and are infectious for longer after being given drugs to lower their temperature .
it is thought that the high temperature of a fever triggers the immune system into fighting the infection .
without it , the amount of the flu virus in coughs and sneezes increases , making it easier for the bug to spread .
although ferrets may seem an odd choice of animal to study , their flu symptoms are most similar to those in people .
the researchers then added in figures on use of paracetamol and other drugs to estimate how much they affect the spread of flu .
they calculated that in a typical winter in north america , the pills are to blame for 5 per cent of cases and more than 1,000 deaths .
if same held true for the uk , it would equate to some 200 deaths a year .
lead researcher , david earn , said : ` when they have flu , people often take medication that reduces their fever .
the researchers from mcmaster university in ontario found high temperatures trigger the body into fighting the illness .
` no one likes to feel miserable but it turns out that our comfort might be at the cost of