brazilian players thiago silva , neymar , willian and marcelo took a minute out of their heavy training session to strike a pose in the gym as they prepare for their game against france .
chelsea midfielder willian showed paris saint-germain defender silva there were no hard feelings with the west london club 's dramatic champions league exit still fresh in the mind .
all four players are expected to be in the starting line-ups when they face les bleus at the stade de france on thursday evening .
brazilian players thiago silva , neymar , willian and marcelo strike a pose after heavy training session .
neymar steps out for tuesday 's training session at the stade charlety in paris ahead of the france clash .
psg defender silva leans on neymar as the pair go through their stretching exercises .
barcelona forward neymar takes his turn to chase the ball during a game of rondo at the session on tuesday .
dunga 's squad continued their preparations on tuesday for the friendly against didier deschamps ' side before they face south american opponents chile at arsenal 's emirates stadium on sunday .
the players braved the wet weather as they were put through their paces at a training session in the french capital as they look to continue their impressive form since the humiliating exit from the world cup last summer .
the selecao have won all six games since being beaten 3-0 by holland in the third place play-off , conceding just once during that run .
neymar appears to take a tumble as he chases down possession during brazil training .
brazil manager dunga wraps up as the rain comes down during the training session on tuesday .
the brazil squad warm up at the stade charlety in paris as they prepare for thursday 's game with france .
barcelona ace neymar joined his teammates for the international break straight after he had helped the catalan side beat real madrid to go four points clear of real madrid in la liga .
neymar was criticised for being too selfish during the game against real madrid at the nou camp .
but , it is difficult to imagine the 23-year-old golden boy getting any stick from the adoring brazilian fans should they make the journey to paris .
the brazilian had a number of opportunities to release