by .
associated press .
published : .
11:31 est , 17 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:30 est , 18 september 2013 .
the new owners of the south beach mansion where gianni versace lived and died said tuesday that they hope to use the italian fashion designer 's name and legacy in rebranding the property as a hotel .
vm south beach llc bid $ 41.5 million for the oceanfront property on miami beach 's touristy ocean drive .
the company 's principals include the nakash family of new york , which controls jordache enterprises .
scroll down for video .
sold !
gianni versace 's former home in south beach , known by most as casa casuarina , was sold at auction today to the firm behind fashion label jordache for $ 41.5 million .
design marvel : though the property was refurbished when it became villa by barton g , the style is very much in keeping with the lavish tastes of its former owner .
joe nakash , chairman of jordache .
enterprises , said he expects to retain all the vestiges of versace 's .
time in south beach in the 1990s - the snake-haired medusa heads , a .
swimming pool inlaid with 24-karat gold tiles , gold-plated bathroom .
fixtures , custom-made mosaic floorings and frescos and the throngs of .
tourists who still routinely stop to have their picture taken on the .
front steps where the designer was slain .
` we 're going to keep it the way it is , ' nakash said .
jordache enterprises owns five hotels in miami beach , including the hotel victor next door to the mansion .
success !
joe nakash is the new owner of the versace mansion in miami beach , florida .
his winning bid beat that of eric trump who was bidding on behalf of his father .
unlucky : eric trump failed to make the winning bid for the versace mansion today .
will it be hotel versace ?
the new owners hope to use the italian fashion designer 's name and legacy in rebranding the property as a hotel .
palatial : peter loftin , a telecom entrepreneur , bought the mansion in 2000 and resided there before its conversion into a boutique hotel in 2009 .
expansion : the home was totally