by .
ellie zolfagharifard .
published : .
07:23 est , 17 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:36 est , 17 december 2013 .
we may think of neanderthals as a brutish , primitive species , but a recent find suggests they were more thoughtful than we give them credit for .
researchers claim a neanderthal skeleton unearthed in france over a century ago was intentionally buried .
this is according to a 13-year reanalysis of the site which suggests careful burials existed among the neanderthals 50,000 years ago .
a 13-year re-analysis of a french cave suggests careful burials existed among neanderthals 50,000 years ago .
scientists believe the friends and family of the neanderthal went to great care to dig a grave and protect his body .
` this discovery not only confirms the existence of neanderthal burials in western europe , but also reveals a relatively sophisticated cognitive capacity to produce them , ' said dr william rendu , a paleontologist at new york university .
neanderthals were similar to early modern humans but belonged to a separate human sub-species .
the two tribes co-existed for thousands of years in europe before neanderthals vanished around 30,000 years ago , probably because they could not compete with the modern humans .
the friends and family of the neanderthal went to great care to dig a grave and protect his body .
the concept that neanderthals carefully buried their dead fits with recent discoveries that they were capable of developing rich cultures .
earlier this month , evidence was found that neanderthals lived in organised and tidy spaces - much in the same way as modern humans .
investigation of three neanderthal levels at riparo bombrini , a collapsed rock shelter in north-west italy , revealed how areas were divided up for different activities .
the top level , containing animal remains , seemed to have been reserved for butchering animals .
the middle level was a long-term sleeping area , and the bottom level a place for shorter stays .
in the middle level , containing the most traces of human occupation , artefacts were distributed to avoid clutter around the hearth at the back of the cave .
the findings centre on neanderthal remains first discovered by two brothers in 1908 at la chapelle-aux-saints in southwestern france .
the well-preserved bones led its early