by .
leon watson .
last updated at 5:58 pm on 10th february 2012 .
a nazi surgical equipment set owned by an ss commandant and war criminal has been withdrawn from a sale today after phone and e-mail threats .
the wooden box of tools .
belonged to anton burger , a major in the ss who worked at the .
theresienstadt concentration camp between july 1943 and february 1944 , .
where 140,000 jews were held - and 33,000 of them died .
the set had been due to go under the hammer at villa hall auctions in bude , cornwall , tomorrow .
the wooden box of tools belonged to anton burger , a major in the ss who oversaw the theresienstadt concentration camp between july 1943 and february 1944 .
disturbingly , given the contents of the box , there is no evidence that sturmbannfuhrer burger ever received medical training .
a separate layer above the forked hooks reveals a sinister set of scissors .
the case is marked ` instrumente gemischte ' , german for ` mixed instruments ' .
this has led to the theory it may have been part of the deception to fool the red cross into thinking it was for musical instruments .
austrian-born burger was sentenced to death after the war but fled and lived under an assumed name , eventually dying in germany in 1991 at the age of 80 .
the police said the messages prompted .
safety concerns for staff and there will be a police presence at the .
auction even though the controversial lot has been withdrawn .
the set contains instruments that would have been used in amputations including a saw and scalpels .
it belonged to a late jewish man whose .
wife is the current owner .
the man 's own parents survived the camp .
where they were held and married .
grace cloke , partner at the bude .
auction house , said : ` we 've had phone calls and e mails which were not .
of a particular nice nature .
` some were pretty threatening and the .
police were concerned that an activist group might turn up .
some of the .
contact was from people who had lost family members during the war and .
were not happy with the auction .
` but there