peter schmeichel says manchester united 's failure to pick a settled back four will cost them in the long-run this season .
marcos rojo partnered chris smalling in the middle of the united defence for the 1-1 draw with chelsea on sunday and it was their eighth different pairing in nine games .
schmeichel played in the successful manchester united sides of the 1990s and with centre back pairings of steve bruce and gary pallister and then later jaap stam and ronny johnsen .
peter schmeichel was on match of the day 2 and was critical of united 's defence .
the former united no 1 was full of praise for goalkeeper david de gea but says he needs stability infront of him .
speaking to the bbc as part of his match of the day 2 analysis , schmeichel said : ` on sunday , de gea played exceptionally well and was trying to bring some sort of stability to their defence with the way he controlled his six-yard box and came for crosses .
` but , whoever is in van gaal 's defence , he does not seem to have enough commanding players who can stand on their own two feet .
chris smalling and marcos rojo played at the back together for the first time this season .
` he needs a centre-half who can take the team by the scruff of the neck and say `` this is what we need to do '' .
that player is not in their squad yet .
` in my time at united , we always had defenders who were leaders and who took responsibility .
for various reasons , that is not the case at the moment .
' schmeichel was full of praise for david de gea and his performances this season .
schmeichel played at the back with the likes of jaap stam during his career at old trafford .
united have conceded 13 goals in their nine league games so far , and schmeichel believes de gea 's form is the only positive van gaal can take from his side 's defending this season .
he added : ` he has made some stunning saves against sunderland and everton , as well as against chelsea to deny hazard moments before didier drogba put them ahead .
'