serena williams claimed her eighth miami open title in 14 years after ruthlessly brushing aside the challenge of 12th seed carla suarez navarro in saturday 's final .
the world no 1 won the final 10 games in a 6-2 6-0 demolition of her spanish opponent to claim her third straight title at an event she has dominated since winning her first crown back in 2002 .
serena williams poses on the beach with the championship trophy after defeating carla suarez navarro .
williams poses with the road to singapore sign post on crandon park beach after her straight-sets victory .
williams was presented with the butch buchholz trophy by martina navratilova .
williams , who earlier this week claimed her 700th career victory , never looked back after breaking suarez navarro in the sixth game of a one-sided final .
williams , who dedicated the title to her father , paid tribute to suarez navarro after the win .
she said at the post-match presentation : ` congratulations to carla , she had a fabulous two weeks and this is just the beginning ; i 'm really proud of you and we get along so it 's always good to see you do really well .
serena williams never looked back after claiming a crucial break in the sixth game .
' i would like to dedicate this to my dad , he 's not here .
i miss him , i hope he 's watching .
i love you daddy and this one 's for you .
' the opening five games had gone with serve but williams moved up a gear and from then on she never looked back .
suarez navarro , who beat williams ' sister venus in the quarter-final , saved the first two break points but a wayward backhand handed the american the first of five breaks of serve .
world no 1 serena williams claimed her eighth miami open title on saturday night .
the error count continued to creep up for suarez navarro , who had not won a set in her previous four meetings with williams , and another long backhand gave her opponent the first set .
williams saved a break point in her opening service game and then broke to love in the next to leave suarez navarro with a mountain to climb .
there would be no