thierry henry made an explosive start to life on sky sports by admitting arsenal have ` gone backwards ' over the last few years before his former side 's 2-0 win against manchester city .
henry , sitting alongside graeme souness and presenter ed chamberlin on super sunday , believes arsenal are missing a world class holding midfielder to protect the likes of per mertesacker and laurent koscielny .
the 37-year-old stressed the importance of former team-mates patrick vieira and gilberto silva during arsenal 's unbeaten premier league campaign in the 2003-04 season .
he also claimed : .
thierry henry did n't hold back on his views of the current situation at arsenal before their 2-0 win .
henry says arsenal have ` gone backwards ' and are missing a ` big piece ' to challenge for the title .
henry believes arsenal lack a midfield player to protect the back four like former skipper patrick vieira .
henry also spoke highly of former team-mate gilberto silva on his sky sports punditry debut .
henry said of arsenal 's current side : ` yes , they have gone backwards , it looks like they are a team who looks to finish fourth .
` when you look at arsenal they should be trying to win the title .
` i 'm sure arsene , the fans and the board want more .
you can be upset at arsenal losing to stoke city but it is the way they went after arsene and the words they used .
` they are not far but they are missing a big piece .
they are missing a -lrb- patrick -rrb- vieira and a gilberto silva .
` those guys would have done anything to allow us to perform well .
they protected the back four .
do arsenal have that now , i do n't think so .
' henry believes arsenal made a big mistake selling alex song and that he would be perfect for the side now .
the former arsenal striker in action for the gunners in a 3-1 win against manchester city in may 2006 .
a graphic showing arsenal 's dreadful record in the at the home of the two manchester clubs .
henry went on to lavish praise on former arsenal midfielder song by claiming the west ham loanee would improve wenger 's side .
`