a portrait of string instrument crafter antonio stradivari .
it has been claimed his highly sought after violins were developed by accident .
their more powerful and fuller sound has seen them acknowledged as the best violins ever crafted .
but those created by antonio stradivari would only go on to become the world 's most expensive musical instruments as a result of errors in their creation , it is claimed .
an analysis of hundreds of instruments made in his legendary workshop has identified the key design features that give them more power and a fuller sound .
acoustic experts found that vital to the sound is the shape and length of the violin 's f-shaped holes through which air escapes .
the more elongated these are , the more noise the instrument can produce .
the thickness of a violin 's back plate also contributes to its acoustic power .
but a model created from the measurements of technical drawings of cremonese-era violins from museums , collector databases and books , as well as x-ray and cat scans of the instruments , suggests the alterations to the traditional holes were unintentional -- they most likely came about by craftsmanship error as they tried to replicate an original blueprint .
the researchers found the 17th and 18th century ` golden age ' violins crafted by stradivari and the other cremonese masters giuseppe guarneri del gesu and andrea amati slowly evolved to more elongated f-holes and thicker back plates , rather than an obvious shift in design .
professor nicholas makris , of the massachusetts institute of technology , in boston , said : ` we found if you try to replicate a sound hole exactly from the last one you made , you will always have a little error .
` you are cutting with a knife into thin wood and you can not get it perfectly , and the error we report is about 2 per cent ... always within what would have happened if it was an evolutionary change , accidentally from random fluctuations .
' in 2011 a stradivarius sold at auction for almost # 10million .
while each violin maker undoubtedly possessed a good ear , whether they recognised the particular design elements that contribute to a more powerful sound is still up for debate .
professor makris said : ` people had to be