by .
emma reynolds .
published : .
09:03 est , 2 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
12:34 est , 2 october 2012 .
a mandolin player , a pre-civil war historian and a scientist investigating parasites were among the winners of macarthur foundation ` genius grants ' , announced today .
the $ 500,000 prizes are awarded in a process shrouded in secrecy , with recipients having no idea they have even been nominated until they get a telephone call .
grants are paid out over five years to 23 deserving citizens across america , giving them freedom to pursue a creative vision .
scroll down for video .
bluegrass dreams : mandolin player and composer chris thile , 31 , said he ` turned white ' when he received the thrilling phone call about his win .
inspiring work : historian dylan penningroth , left , who is researching african american slaves and their descendants , and laura poitras , right , a documentary filmmaker looking at military conflict abroad .
winners , who work in fields ranging from .
medicine and science to the arts and journalism , do not have to report .
how they spend the money and nominators must remain anonymous .
mandolin player and composer chris thile ignored the incessant phone calls from the foundation at first , thinking they were campaign calls for the u.s. presidential election .
then he received an ominous message : ` do n't tell anyone about this call .
' his tour manager searched for the phone number online and told him , ` it appears to be from something called the macarthur foundation .
' ' i think i must have turned white , ' said mr thile .
the musician , who played with nickel creek and is now touring with punch brothers , said he may use the grant to fund a chamber music project for a bluegrass quintet .
clear vision : an-my le , 52 , a photographer at bard college who approaches the subjects of war and landscape from new perspectives to create images rich with layers of meaning .
david finkel , left , a washington post journalist whose writing has transformed readers ' understanding of the military and dr. terry plank , right , a geochemist at columbia university who examines tectonic plate collisions .
northwestern