by .
tara brady .
chef henry stangroom , 21 , who was stabbed to death in his flat in south london last year .
a jilted lover was found with a harpoon stuck in his own head after stabbing his ex-girlfriend 's brother to death in revenge for her leaving him , it has been claimed .
andrew morris , 30 , knifed henry stangroom , 21 , in the heart at their flat in battersea , south london , a court heard .
police found morris with slit wrists and the harpoon sticking out from underneath his chin in the bedroom of the flat .
the chef , who worked at the criterion in piccadilly circus , had suffered stab wounds to the heart , lungs and head .
opening the case , prosecutor sarah plaschkes qc said : ` on the october 17 of last year , police officers found henry 's lifeless body laying on his bed at lavender sweep , battersea .
` he had sustained a fatal stab wound to his heart and lungs and had a second wound to his head .
` the defendant was discovered in the bathroom with wounds to both wrists and a harpoon spear stuck out from underneath his chin .
` the defendant was taken to hospital where his wounds were treated .
` there were only two people in the flat , the front door was locked and the keys were on the inside of the door , ' she said .
when morris was arrested he claimed the last thing he could remember was seeing his ex-girlfriend michelle three days previously .
` there is going to be no dispute in this case that the defendant inflicted the fatal wound , nor is it going to be in dispute that the defendant cut his own wrists and was responsible for the spear underneath his neck , ' said ms plaschkes .
` it is the crown 's case that this defendant killed henry in revenge for michelle leaving him - rejecting him , ' said ms plaschkes .
police found morris with slit wrists and the harpoon sticking out from underneath his chin in the bedroom of the flat in south london .
michelle had ended the relationship around six weeks before morris attacked her brother , the court heard .
morris had a history