manny pacquiao traded hill runs and graft in the wild card boxing gym for a touch of hollywood glamour as he appeared on friend mario lopez 's extra programme on wednesday .
the filipino superstar took a break from preparations for his $ 300million superfight against floyd mayweather on may 2 to be interviewed at the show 's base at universal studios .
just that morning pac-man was doing the hard yards ahead of the bout around his los angeles base , wearing trainers , shorts and a woolly hat for a road work session as the sun came up .
manny pacquiao -lrb- left -rrb- and mario lopez smile for the cameras during filming of extra in los angeles .
the pair laughed throughout their interview at universal studios hollywood on april 1 .
pacquiao and lopez , star of the sitcom saved by the bell , know each other from training in the same gym .
the video of him and his entourage charging up a hill was followed by an image posted of pacquiao working the bag and reaffirming his commitment to the mammoth task that awaits him in las vegas against the money man .
` every day i must focus .
in the gym and outside the gym .
it 's not easy but i have to focus and work hard everyday !
' said pacquiao 's profile .
hours later he was ever the entertainer in dark sunglasses and a leather jacket as he laughed and chatted with his friend lopez , famed for his work on saved by the bell .
pacquiao posted this photo on twitter with the caption : ' i love my little girls .
thank you lord for my family !
' pacquiao smiles and raises his fists -lrb- left -rrb- and arriving at universal city ahead of his interview .
pacquiao poses with lopez and mario lopez sr -lrb- left -rrb- in a black leather jacket and sunglasses in the la sun .
pacquiao , never shy of belting out a song for his fans , even sang a duet of lionel ritchie 's hello with lopez on stage as part of his appearance on the show , much to the delight of fans .
` the champ is here !
@mannypacquiao and i sang a lionel richie duet today .
does n't get cooler than that ,