teenage girls are risking their lives using counterfeit abortion pills bought online for as little as 78p each because they are too terrified to tell their parents they are pregnant , experts warn .
the drugs , which have labelled ` modern-day back street abortions ' , are easily available from hundreds of pharmacy sites , but they can be fatal if taken in wrong doses .
most of the drugs come from india where legal loopholes mean domestic firms are allowed to produce generic versions of branded medicines .
desperation : teenage girls are turning to counterfeit abortion pills bought online , because they are too terrified to tell their parents they are pregnant .
however some are now understood to be imported from china where they are produced by criminal gangs with no regulation or quality control , the daily mirror reports .
ann furedi , chief executive of the british pregnancy advisory service , said : ` it is extremely troubling if any woman feels her only course of action is to buy this medication online to end her pregnancy .
` with the appalling exception of northern ireland , abortion in the uk is safe , free , and confidential for women , including teenagers , up to 24 weeks of pregnancy .
` the biggest risk when you buy online is that you do n't know what you are getting , nor what doses are needed for it to work .
while medical abortion is safe , this is not something women should have to go through without clinical advice and support in place .
side-effects of taking the tablets include excessive bleeding , infections of the womb and , in rare cases , blood poisoning .
women who have this type of abortion are twice as likely to need hospital treatment as those who have the procedure done surgically .
up to 1.5 per cent are admitted to hospital suffering from complications , compared with 0.6 per cent who have surgery .
around 1 per cent develop pelvic inflammatory disease , an infection of the womb which can cause infertility .
and in some cases women have lost so much blood they have needed a transfusion .
most suffer pain or cramps in the abdomen .
diarrhoea , nausea and vomiting are also common .
there have been two known deaths caused by early