a law firm has strongly denied it wrote the script for a racist ad using a character called mr wong fong shu and claimed hackers posted the video on its youtube channel .
the commercial for alabama-based mccutcheon & hamner , p.c. , appeared on the site after it was produced by florida company definitive television .
but mccutcheon & hamner say they never instructed the firm and have had nothing to do with them .
partner thomas mccutcheon told mailonline : ` we pay a lot for advertising but we did n't pay for this .
it really is n't what we are about and i do n't appreciate this at all .
an alabama law firm is disassociating itself from a racist commercial .
released by a florida company that claims the attorneys provided the .
script .
` in fact i 'm a little bit dumbfounded by it because i do n't how this -lsb- the internet -rsb- works very well , i 'm a novice when it comes to computers .
' the .
ad features a white man portraying an ` asian ' caricature who complains .
about an insurance company ` messing -lsb- him -rsb- over ' and that ` confucius ' led .
him to the firm 's website .
definitive television had blamed mccutcheon & hamner , p.c. , for providing the words , rawstory.com reported .
but mccutcheon & hamner say the company 's youtube channel had been hacked and its staff were not responsible for it .
mr mccutcheon added that his firm had never heard of definitive television until it started investigating who was responsible for the ad .
the attorneys denied any connection to the commerical on the firm 's facebook page on november 25 , writing : ` mccutcheon and hamner 's youtube channel has been hacked .
mr wong fong shu is played by definitive television 's owner jim deberry who said on twitter : ` i 'm not a racist , i 'm a member of the naacp who has black relatives ' the commercial for alabama-based mccutcheon & hamner , p.c. , appeared on youtube , but had nothing to do with the firm .
` our firm did not approve the latest advertising commercial .
we apologize to anyone who has watched the commercial .
` our .
it team has been working