former new york city mayor rudy giuliani on thursday castigated president barack obama for setting a ` tone ' that inspires violent behavior in america and advocated for him to emulate bill cosby when it comes to talking about black crime .
he also told radio host john gambling during an interview on am 970 the answer that obama is ignoring ` enormous amounts of crime ' being committed by blacks .
roughly '70 percent ' of homicides in new york city are committed by african americans , giuliani said .
` there are many , many extremely understandable ' reasons for that both historically and environmentally , he added .
` and if an african-american president stood up and said - i hate to mention it because of what happened afterwards - the kinds of stuff that bill cosby used to say .
the kinds of stuff that imam pasha says at the malcolm x mosque : this is our responsibility , ' he said , trailing off into an explanation of pasha 's doctrine .
scroll down for video .
rudy giuliani , former mayor of new york city , waves to public during a conference in berlin , germany last saturday .
fresh off his trip abroad , giuliani contended on thursday that internationally , america is considered a ` racist state ' imam izak-el mu'eed pasha is a black , muslim leader in new york who giuliani has been friends with more than a decade .
i remember pasha saying to his congregation , if there were less crime in the community , there would be less police in our community , giuliani recalled .
when referencing cosby , the retired new york politician was referring to allegations that surfaced last year that black actor raped or otherwise sexually assaulted number of former cast-mates and other women throughout the '60s , 70s and 80s .
prior to that ` america 's dad ' had earned a reputation for forcefully encouraging african-american teens to clean up their act and make better use of the educational system their ancestors fought to earn access to .
in on memorable - and controversial - address cosby touched on the perils of stealing and defended police against charges of racism .
now known as ` the pound cake speech ' , cosby said , ` these are people going around stealing