by .
daily mail reporter .
dog attacks against postal workers have jumped by 8 per cent in the past year to more than 3,300 , royal mail has revealed .
around nine postmen and women are attacked by dogs every day , sometimes leading to a permanent disabling injury .
ahead of legislation making it possible to prosecute dog owners for attacks on private property , the postal group called the number of incidents ` unacceptably high ' .
biting risk : around nine postmen and women are attacked by dogs every day , sometimes leading to a permanent disabling injury .
royal mail chairman donald brydon said : ` we know that most dogs are not inherently dangerous , however , even the most placid animal can be prone to attack if it feels its territory is being threatened .
` our first priority as an employer is to ensure the welfare and safety of our people who provide a valuable service to our customers .
bad fido : new legislation will make it possible for dog owners to be prosecuted .
` we appeal to owners to keep their pets under control , especially if they know their pets have a territorial nature .
` it can also be simple things that help - for example just making sure the dog is kept inside when the postman calls .
' dave joyce , the communication workers union 's health and safety officer , said : ` it is so important for the safety of all postmen and women that dog owners ensure their animals are secure , particularly if opening the door to sign for a parcel .
` owners must be aware that it 's now a criminal offence if their dog attacks the postman or woman on private property .
` the change in the law now means there will be tougher penalties and prison sentences for irresponsible dog owners .
` we welcome this as for too long , postal workers who offer a first class service have been subjected to reckless dog ownership leaving them vulnerable at work and unprotected when a dog attack occurred .
' royal mail today launched a dog awareness week , including a special postmark on letters , in a bid to raise awareness of the problem .