police who investigated a rape complaint from a young woman who killed herself after being put on trial accused of making up the ordeal have maintained she should never have been prosecuted .
eleanor de freitas , 23 , a brilliant but vulnerable a-grade student , was charged with perverting the course of justice after the man who allegedly attacked her spent up to # 200,000 on bringing a private prosecution .
detectives believed miss de freitas , who suffered from a psychiatric illness , had told the truth about the rape when she reported it , but they decided there was not enough evidence to secure a conviction .
eleanor de freitas -lrb- pictured -rrb- , 23 , took her own life on april 7 this year , three days before her trial for perverting the course of justice was to start at southwark crown court in london .
the crown prosecution service , however , accused her of making up the rape .
her family said she was so terrified of giving evidence that she took her own life on april 7 this year , three days before her trial was to start at southwark crown court in london .
police investigators said miss de freitas , who had bipolar disorder , should never have been charged .
but they were overruled by martin hewitt , an assistant commissioner at scotland yard , after lawyers from the cps held a meeting with him .
detective inspector julian king , of sapphire , the met 's sexual offences investigation unit , said in a letter this month : ` i stand by my decision in that i do not believe that eleanor should ever have been prosecuted for pcj -lsb- perverting the course of justice -rsb- .
' police received an allegation of rape from miss de freitas -lrb- left -rrb- in january last year but the case was dropped after alexander economou -lrb- right -rrb- , the son of a shipping tycoon , was arrested and released due to a lack of sufficient evidence .
cctv images of him and eleanor the day after the night of the alleged assault show mr economou and ms de freitas sharing kisses while shopping together in a lingerie shop .
the letter emerged yesterday after the director of public prosecutions , alison saunders , who reviewed the case , vigorously defended