a young sydney woman who stabbed her abusive estranged partner to death on the street has escaped going to jail after a judge found the killing was done in the most ` extreme circumstances ' .
jessica silva stabbed her boyfriend of four years , james polkinghorne , five times on mother 's day in 2012 after he arrived outside her marrickville home in sydney fuelled on the drug ` ice ' .
the 25-year-old domestic violence victim sat down and wept after justice clifton hoeben sentenced her to two years ' imprisonment .
however the prison term was suspended on the condition of good behaviour .
scroll down for video .
jessica silva was sentenced to a suspended sentence of two years ' imprisonment on friday .
the 24-year-old was found guilty of the manslaughter of her partner of four years , james polkinghorne -lrb- pictured -rrb- in 2012 .
silva pleaded not guilty to her partner 's murder on the basis of self-defence , but after five days of deliberation , a jury found her guilty of the lesser charge of manslaughter .
in handing down his sentence , justice hoeben said he accepted silva 's comments that mr polkinghorne had been ` very abusive ' .
' i dealt with it for so long , i thought i could change him , ' silva had said .
while he found silva did intend to cause mr polkinghorne grievous bodily harm when she stabbed him in his back and head , he said the situation was ` exceptional ' .
` the factual circumstances are most unusual with the steady build up of fear on the part of the offender arising from the escalating threats of violence emanating from the deceased .
` the offending was committed under extreme circumstances in the agony of the moment .
' she faced the nsw supreme court in sydney on friday where her jail sentence was suspended .
during the course of her trial , silva repeatedly wept in court as the jury heard a series of abusive phone calls and texts sent by mr polkinghorne to her in the lead up to his death .
in one , mr polkinghorne threatened to ` cave her face in ' .
another message , from the day he was stabbed , read : ' i hope your mother gets poisoned by the