while trust , a similar sense of humour and honesty are judged the three most important factors in a relationship , a few other elements are essential for long-lasting love .
according to a new survey in which british couples were asked to spill the beans on what they feel are the secrets to a happy marriage , having two cars , his and hers toilets and televisions all got the vote .
interestingly having regular sex only came in 20th on the list of 50 marriage tips , from a poll of 2,000 couples to mark the launch of a new book , how to seduce your wife -lrb- or anyone else 's -rrb- .
why fight over programmes you both do n't want to watch ?
happy couples say they just get two separate televisions .
two bathrooms and toilets are another key to a happy relationship , according to a poll of 2,000 people .
getting on with each other 's friends and family , having no ex-partners on your facebook friends list and separate bank accounts also feature in the top 50 secrets .
blissful couples also say trust , remembering birthdays and anniversaries and saying ' i love you ' regularly help keep a relationship happy and harmonious .
the book 's author andy gibney said : ` trust , compromise and honesty are generally regarded as the most important things in a marriage but for most people , it 's not that simple .
` in the modern world , marriages are having to survive against a host of new technology with many couple falling out over what to watch on the tv or one or both of you spending too much time focusing on your computers , tablets or mobile phones .
` romance is also an important factor , whether this is a surprise gift , a date night or simply some quality time together .
` after being married for a while , it 's easy to find you are stuck in a rut and not really paying each other any attention , but hopefully some of these ` secrets ' will be helpful .
' trust , honesty and a shared sense of humour are the top three elements in a happy marriage , a survey finds .
always being honest with each other and remembering each other 's birthdays