the number of americans who believe in god is declining , as a new poll shows a move away from traditional beliefs .
the harris poll , which questioned more than 2,250 adults about their beliefs , found that those with the strongest faith lived mostly in the south , voted republican , and were black .
the online poll also showed that more americans were describing themselves at ` not very religious ' and that there was an increase in those believing in darwin 's theory of evolution .
keeping the faith : while 74 per cent of americans still believe in god , the number is declining .
belief : a harris poll in november questioned 2,250 americans about their thoughts on god , darwin and ufos .
while the majority of americans polled -lrb- 74 per cent -rrb- said they believed in god , the figure was down compared to 2005 , 2007 and 2009 , when 82 per cent believed .
and , where as only 12 per cent of people polled in 2007 described themselves as ` not at all religious ' that figure had risen in 2013 to 23 per cent .
a decline from previous years was also seen in those believing in heaven , miracles , the devil , and the virgin birth .
the poll confirmed that most believers were republicans and those who lived in the south , while the more cynical were 18 to 36-year-olds who lived on the east coast .
darwin 's theory of evolution was supported by 47 per cent of those questioned , with its biggest supporters being 18 to 36-year-olds and democrats .
believers : the poll recorded what americans believed in this year and in previous years .
believers : the poll broke down the results based on age , gender and education .
philosophy : the poll recorded whether people though god was male or female and how much control , if any , he had .
spirituality : americans were asked whether they believed everything in the bible was true and if they considered themselves religious .
unsure : the poll showed a decline in the percentage of people certain there was a god .
a decline was also seen in the amount of control god has over earth , with 37 per cent of those asked , including 52 per