by .
associated press .
and daily mail reporter .
killed : ibragim todashev , 27 , was shot and killed by fbi agents in may , more than a month after the boston marathon bombing .
a florida prosecutor has cleared an fbi agent of any criminal wrongdoing in the fatal shooting of a chechen man as he was being questioned about a boston marathon bombing suspect .
two law enforcement officials with knowledge of the investigation said friday that state attorney jeff ashton wo n't bring charges against the agent .
ibragim todashev , a 27-year-old mixed martial arts fighter , was killed in orlando in may while fbi agents and massachusetts state troopers questioned him about his friendship with suspected boston marathon bomber tamerlan tsarnaev .
officials originally said todashev .
lunged at an agent with a knife while he was being questioned .
they .
later said it was no longer clear what happened .
federal .
prosecutors have said in court filings that todashev named tsarnaev as a .
participant in an earlier triple homicide in massachusetts .
the filings .
were made in the case against tsarnaev 's brother , surviving bombing .
suspect dzhokhar tsarnaev .
according .
to the filings , todashev told investigators tamerlan tsarnaev .
participated in a triple slaying in waltham on september 11 , 2011 .
what did he know : ibragim todashev , pictured with his wife , was in the middle of being questioned when he was shot dead .
cleared : florida prosecutors have chosen not to pursue charges against fbi agents involved in the killing -lrb- seen in may after his death -rrb- .
connections : fbi agents and massachusetts state troopers questioned him about his friendship with suspected boston marathon bomber tamerlan tsarnaev .
in that case , three men were found in an apartment with their necks slit and their bodies reportedly covered with marijuana .
one of the victims was a boxer and friend of tamerlan tsarnaev .
the filing was prosecutors ' attempt to .
block dzhokhar tsarnaev from getting certain information from .
authorities , including investigative documents associated with the .
waltham slayings .
authorities .
allege that dzhokhar tsarnaev , 20 , and 26-year-old tamerlan tsarnaev , .
ethnic chechens from russia , planned and carried out the twin bombings .
near the finish of the marathon