by .
becky barrow .
published : .
19:24 est , 28 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:50 est , 29 january 2013 .
lin homer , chief executive of hmrc , admitted the target is to answer 80 per cent of calls in five minutes .
a private phone company is making hundreds of thousands of pounds in profit from her majesty 's revenue and customs premium rate helplines .
hmrc chief lin homer told a committee of mps that cable and wireless has made ` less than # 1million ' from the 0845 number .
yet , she said keeping millions of customers on hold for five minutes before they can speak to a tax official is ` acceptable ' and admitted the target is to answer 80 per cent of calls within five minutes .
as hmrc receives 80million telephone calls each year , this means 16million callers will be kept waiting for longer than this .
miss homer said hmrc research showed customers believed such a wait was acceptable .
she told mps : ` if we can answer 90 per cent of the calls , which we have been doing for the last quarter , then we think people will wait up to five minutes .
' giving evidence to the public accounts committee , miss homer said : ` we think real people start counting the call from when they pick up the phone so we are going to measure that and we reckon that will mean that we will be achieving a call of about five minutes to six minutes .
' but mps said a similar target in the private sector is to answer calls within 20 seconds .
and labour mp margaret hodge , the chairman of the committee , criticised hmrc for its ` lack of ambition ' , describing the target as ` a disappointment ' .
miss homer 's admission emerged after a damning report by the spending watchdog last month said taxpayers spent more than # 30million last year waiting to speak to hmrc .
a million letters from taxpayers lay unopened for weeks last year after a huge backlog of mail built up at hmrc offices up and down the country , boss lin homer admitted .
during questioning by mps , she said : ` we had one million pieces of post