experts advising ministers on obesity are being paid hundreds of thousands of pounds by the junk food industry , an investigation has found .
key scientists behind policies aimed at encouraging the public to eat a healthier diet have been given vast sums for their research by the likes of coca cola , nestle and mars .
the revelations prompted concerns that ` cosy deals ' are deterring ministers from enforcing tough limits on sugar and fat .
scandal : key scientists behind policies aimed at encouraging the public to eat a healthier diet have been given vast sums for their research by the likes of coca cola , nestle and mars , it has emerged .
at the same time , britons are consuming more calories than ever -- proof the government 's obesity strategy is failing , the report concludes .
the average household calorie consumption has risen by 12 per cent since 2006 .
sugar rose by 11 per cent and fat by 12 per cent .
one in four adults is considered dangerously overweight , and for children the figure is one in five .
the government 's flagship strategy hinges on arrangements with food and drinks firms to voluntarily cut levels of sugar and fat .
but this responsibility deal policy , introduced in 2011 , has been likened to ` putting dracula in charge of the blood bank ' by charities , while doctors argue obesity can only be properly tackled if firms are forced by law to make products healthier .
the investigation by the bmj found the scientist overseeing the strategy , professor susan jebb , received # 194,652 for a clinical trial by coca-cola between 2008 and 2010 .
the investigation by the bmj found the scientist overseeing the strategy , professor susan jebb -lrb- pictured -rrb- received # 194,652 for a clinical trial by coca-cola between 2008 and 2010 .
in total , she has been given # 1.37 million towards her research since 2004 from firms including nestle cereals , sainsbury 's and unilever , whose brands include ben & jerry 's , magnum and walls ice cream .
professor jebb was appointed the government 's adviser on obesity in 2011 by former health secretary andrew lansley , who also disbanded the existing group of experts who had been very critical of the responsibility deal .
the investigation also