mother 's day is still three weeks away , but michelle obama did n't need an excuse to treat her mom on saturday .
enjoying a perfect spring day in new york city , the first lady and ` grandmother-in-chief ' , marian robinson , had a mother-daughter bonding lunch in greenwich village .
the two sat down for a meal at lupa , a small italian eatery on thompson street and were looked after by owner and restaurant mogul mario batali .
batali was heard telling the photographers waiting out of the trattoria that the pair had the ` chef 's roman tasting menu ' .
girls day out : michelle obama is seen leaving in an suv with her mother , marian robinson , after they dined at lupa restaurant on thompson street in new york 's greenwich village on saturday .
fine dining : the two enjoyed a sumptuous five-course italian lunch at the restaurant , before getting into a waiting suv .
happy mother 's day !
: marian robinson , 76 , smiles as she leaves italian restaurant lupa in new york city on saturday with her daughter , michelle obama .
on guard : white house security agents wait outside the eatery on thompson for the first lady and her mom to finish their lunch .
crowd control : residents in the building above the restaurant scramble onto their fire escapes to try and grab a sight of michelle obama and her mom , marian robertson , on saturday .
batali was heard describing michelle as ' a happy woman ' .
the menu , priced at $ 65 per person , plus $ 49 with wine pairings , is a five-course set meal .
it starts with a salad - puntarelle alla romana - and then two pastas - rigatoni alla gricia and strozzapreti with sugo finto .
next comes coda alla vaccinara , a rich roman oxtail stew .
the two then enjoyed a cheese platter , before tartufo , an italian ice cream dessert .
outside the eatery a group of bodyguards stood on the sidewalk waiting for the two .
as word spread that the first lady and her mom were dining inside , resident 's in the building above the restaurant emerged on their fire escapes , keen to get a look .
his work here is done :