the fa , faced with the new wembley attracting its lowest crowd for an england international , have further antagonised the hardcore support base .
indeed , some fans who have bought tickets for wednesday 's low-key friendly against norway to secure loyalty points for euro 2016 are threatening not to go to the match .
this makes it even more likely the attendance will be significantly less than the 48,876 who watched a friendly against sweden in 2011 .
quiet night : empty seats in the wembley stands during the friendly between england and sweden in 2011 .
loyal fans , who watch the national team home and away , are annoyed that they have to buy seats for three euro 2016 qualifiers at wembley by monday to qualify for their england supporters club # 5 discount off the price of a home ticket .
and the match against lithuania is not being played until march 2015 .
this follows the fa offering members a # 5 discount for the norway game , only to drop the price to the general public by # 10 .
the supporters club were already aggrieved by the fa moving double loyalty points from away match attendance to wembley games to help fill the stadium during an ultra-dull euro qualifying campaign .
fans spokesman kevin miles said : ` the fa should be really careful at taking members club support for granted .
the over-riding desire to fill wembley can not come at any cost .
' the fa insisted after a world cup build-up during which roy hodgson 's england side spent just two full days at their # 100million st george 's park national training centre -- isolated in the staffordshire countryside near burton -- that it will be fully utilised by the senior team in future .
so where are england going to stay before wednesday 's friendly against norway ?
the grove hotel outside watford , which is a lot handier for wembley .
gather round : england manager roy hodgson -lrb- centre -rrb- leads a training session at st george 's park in may .
it is highly unlikely following the text exchange scandal that labour leader ed miliband will have former cardiff manager malky mackay as his personal guest again at the house of commons anytime soon .
mackay was invited to watch pm 's questions earlier