tony romo engineered a stirring second-half comeback to lead the dallas cowboys to a nail-biting 24-20 nfc wildcard win over the detroit lions on sunday and a meeting with the green bay packers .
with a post-season record of 1-3 and haunted by a reputation as a big-game flop , romo withstood a ferocious lions defence , tossing a pair of touchdown passes to terrance williams , including an eight-yard strike with 2:32 to remaining to give dallas their first play-off win since the 2009 season .
after an 11-5 regular season it was more post-season disappointment for the lions , who have not won a play-off game since january 1992 , losing seven wildcard contests .
tony romo inspired the dallas cowboys to a 24-20 win over the detroit lions on sunday night .
quarterback romo is embraced by dallas head coach jason garrett after the cowboys set up a clash with the green bay packers .
romo throws a touchdown pass to terrance williams , one of two in the game , as ezekiel ansah of the lions fails to halt him .
williams celebrates in the end zone after scoring during the second half of the contest at the at&t stadium .
romo , sacked six times by detroit 's top-ranked defence , would not be kept down , completing 19 of 31 passes for 293 yards while demarco murray , the nfl 's leading rusher , ran for 75 yards and a touchdown .
the lions shocked the home crowd at a packed at&t stadium , scoring on their first possession when matthew stafford hit golden tate with a 51-yard touchdown pass , then followed up with a 14-play , 99-yard drive capped by reggie bush scampering into the end zone for a 14-0 lead .
kept in check by a swarming detroit defence , the cowboys finally got the big play lift they needed when romo hooked up with williams with a 76-yard touchdown strike with less than two minutes remaining in the half but the lions would answer back with 39-yard matt prater field goal to take a 17-7 advantage into the intermission .
williams , the dallas wide receiver , celebrates after the cowboys won 24-20 and returned to the divisional play-offs .
detroit lions quarterback matthew stafford tries to pick a pass during the second half of the play-off game in arlington