by .
arthur martin .
fifa faced a backlash from its major sponsors last night as the corruption scandal intensified over the decision to award the 2022 world cup to qatar .
adidas , visa and sony expressed their anger after further allegations emerged that the football governing body 's former vice president , mohamed bin hammam , used bribes to secure votes for qatar 's bid .
the global firms are three of the six main sponsors -- known as partners -- of the world cup , which starts in brazil on thursday .
scroll down for video .
reaction : adidas , visa and sony expressed their anger after further allegations emerged that the football governing body ¿ s former vice president , mohamed bin hammam -lrb- pictured -rrb- , used bribes to secure votes for qatar 's bid .
fifa made # 1billion from sponsorship at the previous world cup in south africa and relies heavily on continued advertising revenue from major firms .
in a strongly worded statement , adidas said ` the negative tenor of the public debate around fifa at the moment is neither good for football nor for fifa and its partners ' .
meanwhile electronics giant sony called on fifa to carry out an ` appropriate investigation ' into claims of wholesale corruption during the bidding process .
a spokesman said : ` we expect these allegations to be investigated appropriately .
we continue to expect fifa to adhere to its principles of integrity , ethics and fair play across all aspects of its operations .
' visa spoke of its desire for the governing body to ` maintain strong ethical standards ' .
` we understand fifa is taking this matter seriously and we will continue to monitor its internal investigation , ' it said .
` we expect fifa will take the appropriate actions .
' outrage : former sports minister david mellor has said the tournament should never have been given to qatar .
fifa 's contract with adidas is worth # 210million and visa 's bill for its sponsorship is # 100million .
sony 's agreement expires this year , giving it particular leverage as it negotiates a new deal .
the other three major sponsors -- coca-cola , hyundai and emirates -- were approached for comment yesterday but did not respond .
former conservative sports minister david