by .
rachel reilly .
published : .
05:13 est , 12 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:31 est , 12 august 2013 .
experts have revealed that an increasing number of young people are developing a condition , unique to modern society , that they have dubbed ` gameboy back ' .
they say the modern phenomenon , which causes curvature of the spine and sometimes herniated -lrb- slipped -rrb- discs , is a result of children sitting hunched over games consoles and smartphones for hours on end .
they do not however believe a ban on such devices is required .
instead more attention needs to be paid to correct posture , they said .
` gameboy back ' is affecting increasing numbers of eight to 18-year-olds who spend extended periods of time hunched over a game or smartphone .
the last time such a volume of problems was seen , was over 100 years ago when child labour was still common .
surgeons piet van loon and andre soeterbroek said the last time such symptoms were observed was more than 100 years ago , when child labour was common in europe .
the problem is particularly prevalent in eight to 18-year-olds .
` in those days , kids got weak back from child labour , now they 're getting it from these devices , ' dr soeterbook told the irish times .
` it makes no difference to the body whether you 're hunched over in a cigar factory or spending eight hours over an ipad .
' he and dr van loon are joint authors of an article in the dutch medical magazine medisch contact , which alerts gps to the trend .
` essentially , it 's like growing bonsai trees : bone responds in the same way as wood , ' said dr van loon .
` if you force it in a certain direction over a prolonged period , that 's how it ends up growing .
' the surgeons said that the problem is not the devices themselves , and that the answer is not to ban them .
experts have likened the phenomenon to growing a bonsai tree .
dr van loon said : ` essentially , it ¿ s like growing bonsai trees : bone responds in the same way as wood .
if you force it