by .
martin robinson .
published : .
01:53 est , 17 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:41 est , 17 july 2013 .
found : ian john mcloughlin , 55 , has been arrested after three days on the run after being tracked to an address in london .
a dangerous escaped prisoner wanted by .
police for the murder of good samaritan graham buck on saturday has been found .
hiding in london after three days on the run .
officers tracked down ian john mcloughlin , 55 , and arrested him at around .
1am this morning after he was spotted by a member of the public .
and detectives have confirmed they have arrested three more people as part of their inquiry into the murder .
the 66-year-old grandfather was stabbed to death on saturday afternoon after he went to the aid of an elderly neighbour who was being robbed at his home in the village of little gaddesden in hertfordshire .
earlier today police arrested mcloughlin at a house in tottenham , north london , on suspicion of robbery and murder .
he was taken back to hertfordshire for questioning about the killing of mr buck .
this evening police confirmed three more people have been arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender .
they are a 54-year-old man from tottenham , a 45-year-old woman from edmonton and a 50-year-old man from hackney .
all three along with mcloughlin are being held at hatfield police station where they are being questioned .
mcloughlin was on day release from springhill prison near aylesbury in .
buckinghamshire when he allegedly went to the home of convicted paedophile .
francis cory-wright , 87 , in the village of little gaddesden , hertfordshire , on saturday .
it 's believed the two men had met while in prison .
neighbour .
graham buck heard cries for help and dashed to his aid .
mr buck was fatally stabbed after confronting the assailant .
mcloughlin , a drifter from barrow-in-furness who has been married but is also said to have worked as a rent boy , is being questioned about the murder and robbery .
detective chief superintendent jeff hill said mr buck , described as a retired financial industry worker , paid the ` ultimate price ' for intervening during the robbery at the home of