hundreds of babies are being born clinically obese every year - including some weighing more than a stone .
as many as 1,403 newborns have been classified as obese since 2011 , according to shocking figures from a series of freedom of information requests .
at just one trust nearly 400 babies born in the last four years weighed 9lb 15oz or more - the marker for an obese baby .
hundreds of babies are being born clinically obese every year including some weighing more than a stone , freedom of information requests have revealed -lrb- stock image -rrb- .
peterborough and stamford hospitals trust also recorded 280 exceptionally large babies and another 265 arrived at george eliot hospital nhs trust in warwickshire .
there has also been an increase in the number of babies weighing 12lb or more .
seven clinics reported births of so-called ` sumo babies ' in 2013 - including two where the babies weighed more than a stone .
tam fry , of the national obesity forum , said that although some mothers suffer from medical conditions , which increase the size of the baby , most just overeat .
he said : ` quite simply , the number of pregnant women who are obese at the start is increasing .
` it is thought that 82 per cent of children who are obese will continue to be overweight .
` as they have the same kind of nutrition as their parents there is a continuous upwards spiral .
danica slavin -lrb- second from right -rrb- gave birth to two babies , eva -lrb- right -rrb- and jack -lrb- left -rrb- , who both weighed over 10lbs .
they had to be delivered via caesarean at jessop wing maternity unit in sheffield but are now happy and healthy .
eva -lrb- above -rrb- was born in 2013 and weighed 12lb 6oz - 5lb more than the average baby girl .
one mother has given birth to two big babies in the last 18 months .
danica slavin had her first daughter eva lily margerrison in 2013 and was shocked when she weighed in at 12lb 6oz .
but she was even more surprised when three weeks ago she gave birth to her son jack , who , at 10lb 3oz , was nearly just as big .
both babies had to be delivered via caesarean