a school which gave out ipads to every pupil in hope of improving their education has admitted that just a year later half the costly devices have been broken .
honywood community science school dished out ipad2 tablets to its 1,200 pupils a year ago , at vast cost to the taxpayer .
despite warnings that children would not be able to look after the fragile computer tablet , the school in coggeshall , essex , allowed children to take the device outside the classroom , playground and street and home at evenings and weekends .
expensive : honywood community science school in essex admitted that half the ipads given out last year have been broken .
it was hoped that the ipads would be a useful learning tool , as well as keep the school up to pace with international competitors embracing the technology in the classroom .
but after just one year , more than four in ten of the ipads had been sent off for repair , after being knocked , dropped or scratched .
figures obtained under the freedom of information act reveal 489 had to be replaced after being found to be beyond repair .
about a fifth of those sent for repair -- 112 -- had to be sent back more than once .
pupils said in some of the younger classes , around half the class had broken their tablet at least once , and some as many as three times .
despite the threat of confiscation after three tablets , ultimately none were taken away from pupils .
the school said the ipads have helped improve pupil discipline and exam results .
the school argues that since introducing the devices , it has seen improvements in pupil discipline , attendance , and exam results .
apple , the manufacturer of ipads , is said to be aggressively targeting the school market and at the time headteachers were accused of ` falling for a gimmick ' .
honywood , which gained academy status last year , giving it greater control over its budget , gave out the tablets last september , at an estimated cost of # 500,000 , or # 400 per ipad .
parents were asked only to pay # 50 towards insuring the device .
at the time headteacher simon mason said the investment represented 2.3 per cent of the