by .
daily mail reporter .
bass reeves , one of the first african americans to become a deputy u.s. marshal west of the mississippi river , could have been an inspiration for quentin tarantino 's fictional character django .
reeves , who was born a slave , arrested 3,000 felons , killed 14 men and was never shot throughout his 32-year career as a federal lawman .
the fearless solider was born into slavery in 1838 in crawford county , arkansas , and eventually broke from his owner , george reeves , to live among the creek and seminole indians .
scroll down for video .
real-life django : bass reeves , born a slave , later became a deputy u.s. marshal and arrested 3,000 felons and killed 14 men .
appointment : reeves became a deputy u.s. marshal in 1875 at the age of 38 , after ` hanging judge ' isaac c. parker was made the federal judge of indian territory .
during his time with them , he learned their customs and languages and became an adept territorial scout .
reeves later procured his own land in van buren , arkansas , where he married his wife , nellie jennie , built an eight-room house with his bare hands , and raised ten children as the first black settler in the region .
he became a deputy u.s. marshal in 1875 at the age of 38 , after ` hanging judge ' isaac c. parker was made the federal judge of indian territory .
under president ulysses s. grant , parker appointed confederate army general james fagan a u.s. marshal and ordered him to hire 200 deputies.among them was reeves .
fagan knew of the former slave , his ability to negotiate indian territory and his ability to speak their languages , and so reeves was named the first black deputy marshal west of the mississippi .
in that role he was authorized to arrest both black and white outlaws .
legendary soldier : reeves was authorized to arrest both black and white outlaws .
over the years reeves gained a reputation for persistence , fearlessness .
incredible marksmanship and the ability to outsmart lawbreakers , according to historical records .
in 1882 , reeves arrested outlaw belle starr for horse theft .
according to some accounts , starr turned herself in when she heard that