britain 's first bus powered by human waste has taken to the streets .
the 40-seater ` bio-bus ' is fuelled by biomethane gas , generated by the treatment of sewage and food waste at a processing plant in the south west .
and a single tank of the gas - produced using the typical annual waste of just five people - is enough to power the vehicle for 190 miles -lrb- 305km -rrb- .
scroll down for video .
an environmentally-friendly bus that developers say will improve air quality runs on a rather unlikely fuel - human poo , among other sewage .
commuters today boarded the first bus in the uk to be powered by this waste from local residents .
bosses said the groundbreaking vehicle will improve air quality , and proves that their is value in human faeces .
today 's maiden voyage saw the first passengers travel on the route from bristol airport to bath , somerset - a distance of around 20 miles -lrb- 32km -rrb- .
faeces could soon be used to power a future generation of mobile phones , scientists from the university of east anglia have claimed .
the researchers discovered a natural process that occurs within the bacteria found in poo , that could help improve ` bio batteries ' .
it is hoped the discovery could produce energy for portable technology , such as smartphones , mobiles , tablets and laptops .
the gas is being produced at a wessex water sewerage plant , run by energy firm geneco .
mohammed saddiq , director of geneco , told bristol post : ` gas powered vehicles have an important role to play in improving air quality in uk cities .
` but the bio-bus goes further than that and is actually powered by people living in the local area , including quite possibly those on the bus itself .
' the annual waste of a bus-load of people would provide enough power for a return journey from land 's end to john o'groats , while producing fewer emissions than a diesel engine .
charlotte morton , chief executive of eco-friendly organisation anaerobic digestion and bioresources association , said : ` the bus also clearly shows that human poo and our wasted food are valuable resources .
` food which is unsuitable for human consumption should be separately collected and recycled