greater manchester police are hunting this man is searching for this man in connection with the attack on the pregnant woman on january 17 .
police are hunting a criminal who broke the leg of a pregnant woman during a ` terrifying ' attempted robbery .
the attacker pounced on the 27-year-old victim as she left a newsagent in the moston area of manchester at 12.40 pm on january 17 .
the man threw the victim to the ground , breaking her leg , while attempting to steal her handbag during the daylight assault .
detectives from greater manchester police investigating the case have said it was ` pure luck ' that the unborn baby was not harmed .
the man shook the terrified woman violently as she lay on the ground and shouted in her face in a foreign language that she could not identify .
the attacker unsuccessfully tried to steal the woman 's car before fleeing the scene which is just over two miles north of manchester city 's etihad stadium .
the woman screamed , told the attacker that she was pregnant and even opened her handbag to show the man that she did not have any valuables , cash or a mobile phone in her bag .
the criminal dragged the woman on the ground by the strap of the handbag before fleeing empty-handed .
the woman was taken to hospital where she was assessed by medics .
fortunately , the baby was not harmed although the woman was extremely shaken .
she told officers : ` the whole incident seemed to last a long time but in reality would only have been about five minutes .
he was very close to me when he was grabbing and shaking me and standing right in front of me .
` when it was happening i was very concerned about the safety of my unborn baby and for myself .
it was quite terrifying when he was grabbing and shaking me .
i did n't know what he was going to do or what he wanted as i could n't understand him .
' i feel in shock and very anxious about it .
it is going to change my behaviour and going about moston when i 'm by myself or with my children .
it 's even more worrying that it happened during daylight hours .