by .
emily allen .
published : .
11:01 est , 17 april 2012 .
| .
updated : .
11:35 est , 17 april 2012 .
researchers found a big increase in anger and fear head of last summer 's riots .
british scientists are using twitter to gauge the nation 's mood , it has been revealed .
researchers at bristol university studied nearly 500 million tweets by ten million users of the social network between the summer of 2009 and early 2012 , a period marked by economic downturn and social tension .
they found a big increase in negative mood , anger and fear , coinciding with the announcement of spending cuts and last summer 's riots together with a calming effect of prince william 's wedding to kate middleton .
in the study the researchers focused .
on measuring the mood , and changes , using standard tools for mood .
detection , of a large sample of the uk population .
a .
collection of 484 million tweets generated by more than 9.8 million .
users from the uk were analysed between july 2009 and january 2012 .
the findings reveal intriguing patterns that can be explained when events and social changes are taken into account .
the researchers found that a significant increase in negative mood indicators coincided with the announcement of the cuts to public spending by the government , and that this effect is still lasting .
they also detected events such as the riots of summer 2011 , as well as a possible calming effect in the run up to the royal wedding .
a rise in public anger seems to have already been under way in the days before the riots .
researchers at bristol university found prince william 's wedding to kate middleton had a calming effect according to tweets .
study co-author nello cristianini , professor of artificial intelligence at bristol university , said : ` social media allows for the easy gathering of large amounts of data generated by the public while communicating with each other .
` while we leave the interpretation of our findings to social and political scientists , we observed how the period preceding the royal wedding seems to be marked by a lowered incidence of anger and fear , which starts rising soon after that .
of course , other events