by .
james rush .
published : .
21:39 est , 16 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
02:50 est , 17 january 2013 .
a 33-storey waterfront complex inspired by a ` lucky ' bronze coin is failing to live up to its reputation after polarising public opinion .
the coin-shaped design of the new guangdong plastics exchange building has been receiving criticism from locals even before its construction has finished .
designed by italian architect joseph di pasquale , the circular design is thought to be lucky in cantonese culture .
the 33-storey building , shaped like a lucky coin , is getting closer to completion but not all residents are happy with it .
but according to reports the 1 billion yuan building , situated on the pearl river in the southern chinese city of guangzhou , has been on the receiving end of unsavoury comments from residents .
the 453ft high building , which features a 154ft diameter hole in the centre , is shaped after a number of objects the cantonese associate with luck and good fortune .
chief project engineer wang zhanshan said : ` it 's a real fusion of western and chinese design .
` the distinctive feature of the building is that it is shaped like an old chinese jade or a waterwheel and also has good feng shui for attracting fortune .
' a golden coin , jade or waterwheel alongside the river means luck to cantonese : water brings money .
' but according to the shenzhen daily , some residents have failed to see any positive message in the design .
an artist 's impression of how the finished guangdong plastics exchange building will look like on the banks of the pearl river in guangzhou .
guangzhou resident he huiying said : ' i ca n't see any beauty in the two buildings .
` two golden coins ?
it only exposes the naked desire of the authorities and the property owners to chase money .
' wang has defended the criticism the building had received from residents .
he said : ` beauty is different to different people .
if the building is discussed before and after its completion , it will have already proved it is a successful piece of architecture .
' the 1 billion yuan building features a 154ft diameter hole in