by .
meghan keneally .
published : .
11:42 est , 26 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
18:06 est , 26 november 2012 .
president obama is cast in a negative light in the upcoming movie about the osama bin laden raid as it opens with 15 graphic minutes of a terror suspect being waterboarded .
moments later , the screen flashes to a news interview of the then-president elect talking about how he does not believe in torture .
conservatives were quick to criticize the film zero dark thirty , preemptively proclaiming that it would prove to be a campaign tool for president obama , but now select critics have actually seen the film , political pundits may be forced to eat their words .
another criticism of the film was that director kathryn bigelow and screenwriter mark boal -lrb- both of the hurt locker fame -rrb- received special treatment by the obama administration during the production stages of the film , but both have denied such claims .
` it was all based on first hands accounts so it really felt .
very vivid and very vital and very , very immediate and visceral of .
course which is very exciting as a film maker , ' bigelow said without revealing any specific sources .
scroll down for video .
hints : a trailer for the film shows one agent -lrb- jessica chastain -rrb- watching footage of an intrrogation .
hard to watch : chastain stars as the tough agent maya who is present in the first 15 minutes of the film which are filled completely by the torture of a detainee .
the film has been .
controversial from its inception but now the hot button issue is the use .
of waterboarding rather than the partisan slant .
poster : the film ` zero dark thirty , ' which details the hunt for osama bin laden is non-political .
at one point , an agent tells a .
captured al qaeda leader that he should just give up early in the .
` interrogation ' process because it would just be easier .
` in the end , bro , everybody breaks .
it 's biology , ' the agent named dan , played by actor jason clarke , tells a terror suspect .
while the public will have to wait to .