by .
john mcgarry .
hibernian have been granted permission by everton to speak with alan stubbs about the vacant manager 's job at easter road .
the former celtic defender has been identified by chief executive leeann dempster as the ideal candidate to rebuild the club .
it 's understood talks will take place between both parties in the coming days before a decision is made on whether to offer the ambitious 42-year-old the post .
credentials : stubbs has worked under david moyes and roberto martinez during his time at goodison .
stubbs , currently everton reserve-team manager , is well versed in scottish football from his five years at celtic between 1996 and 2001 , and has made it clear that he covets a front-line managerial job .
he was interviewed for the everton manager 's job following davie moyes ' departure a year ago but chairman bill kenwright opted for wigan boss roberto martinez .
stubbs , who enjoyed two spells with his merseyside boyhood heroes as a player , is well regarded within goodison but he feels the time is now right to strike out on his own .
mark venus , who was tony mowbray 's no2 at easter road , remains the favourite for the position .
friends in high places : stubbs counts manchester united striker wayne rooney amongst his football contacts .
dumbarton manager and former hibs skipper ian murray has also been linked but it 's understood hibs have n't yet approached the sons about speaking with him .
motherwell boss stuart mccall , who dempster worked well with at fir park , has also been mentioned but it 's believed he 's unwilling to entertain leaving the premiership for the championship at this stage .
former leeds striker jimmy floyd hasselbaink has also applied for the job .
john collins was on dempster 's wish list but was unveiled as ronny deila 's assistant at celtic on tuesday .
competitor : stubbs dives into a tackle on alan smith during his playing days with everton .
top dog : stubbs is in line for his first real managerial role if talks with hibs go well .