by .
keith gladdis and daily mail reporter .
published : .
00:59 est , 13 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:05 est , 13 august 2013 .
an anonymous donor has given $ 150,000 to a campaign aiming to stop a gold ring once owned by beloved novelist jane austen from being taken out of the uk by american idol winner kelly clarkson .
jane austen 's house museum began the campaign to raise the cost of the ring to keep the piece in the country .
as a self-proclaimed ` history nerd ' , pop star clarkson was happy to pay more than # 150,000 , or us$ 232,000 , for the ring that once belonged to jane austen .
precious : the ring is one of only three surviving pieces of jewellery known to have belonged to jane austen .
national treasure : musician kelly clarkson , pictured at the annual academy of country music awards in las vegas earlier this year , has been told she ca n't take the ring out of the uk .
but the 31-year-old singer was told she could not take the item out of britain and back to her native texas because it is a ` national treasure ' .
clarkson , the first winner of talent show american idol , saw off seven bidders in an auction at sotheby 's last year for the gold and turquoise ring .
still in its original box , it was sold for $ 235,596 despite being expected to fetch only $ 46,362 .
but when clarkson applied for an export license , a reviewing committee recommended that the ring should be kept in the uk .
culture secretary ed vaizey has placed a temporary export bar on the item in the hope a uk buyer can be found to purchase it .
he said : ` jane austen 's modest lifestyle and her early death mean that objects associated with her of any kind are extremely rare , so i hope this simple but elegant ring can be saved for the nation .
' if no british bidder comes forward the government will not be able to refuse an export license .
clarkson has indicated she will be willing to sell the piece of jewellery if an offer matching hers is made .
the campaign to keep the ring