holes in the wall , rats living in the stove , blood stains on the walls and cigarette butts scattered in the bathtub .
this is the scene at a rental house in queensland where two tenants have allegedly trashed the home and have now disappeared , leaving the landlord to clean up the $ 30,000 mess .
a current affair says kerris and nicole rex have fled the home , leaving the landlord with the soiled premises , which he describes as the ` house of horrors .
' the search is now on for australia 's most wanted tenants , who have n't been seen or heard from in about a week .
scroll down to video .
kerris -lrb- pictured left -rrb- and nicole rex -lrb- pictured right -rrb- have not been heard from in a week .
the entire house is swamped with rubbish , with rats nesting in the stove .
25 alcohol bottle were found in the kitchen by the landlord , some had been smashed in cupboards .
nicole 's father greg is also worried about his daughter saying he wanted to find nicole , because he too , did n't know where they were .
' i really want to bring them back because i think she 's in great danger of being hurt more than she has been hurt , ' he told aca .
he said before his daughter met kerris ` she was a normal kid .
' when nicole first moved in , the house was spotless according to the landlord , but it all started going downhill when kerris moved in .
kerris -lrb- pictured left -rrb- and nicole rex -lrb- pictured right -rrb- have not be seen for about a week .
landlord , viv , has been left to clean up the $ 30,000 mess .
the landlord has named the house the ` house of horrors ' because it has been trashed beyond belief .
nicole 's father greg -lrb- pictured -rrb- has blamed kerris for the state of the house and just wants his daughter to come home .
now there 's rubbish scattered in every room of the house , the kitchen is filled with alcohol bottles , there 's broken windows and no working toilets of bathrooms .
according to the landlord he also found syringes and paraphernalia .
and it