by .
david gardner .
last updated at 9:30 am on 3rd november 2011 .
tarnished image : rupert murdoch apparently told his son to step down as chairman of news international , but then changed his mind .
rupert murdoch told his son james that he should step down as chairman of news international at the height of the phone-hacking scandal in the summer , it has been alleged .
the 80-year-old media mogul apparently made the move at the instigation of his daughter , elisabeth - but changed his mind after a sleepless night .
the revelation appears in vanity fair 's december issue , due out today .
writer sarah ellison - a former reporter for the wall street journal , which is owned by murdoch 's news corp - said elisabeth initially persuaded her father to remove her brother from his top job because she thought he allowed the crisis to ` spin out of control .
' ellison also writes that murdoch 's eldest four children - james , elisabeth , lachlan and prudence - have been undergoing psychological counseling over who will succeed the aging tycoon to run the media conglomerate .
the article on the family 's internal power struggle comes as james murdoch , news corp. 's deputy chief operating officer and the son once tipped to inherit his father 's powerful mantle , faces increasing pressure over his handling of the affair .
elisabeth murdoch is said to have urged .
her father to force her younger brother james to ` step aside ' in july , .
just days after the closure of the news of the world .
family feuds : james , lachlan , rupert and elisabeth murdoch - who persuaded her father to remove her brother from the top job .
according to vanity fair , murdoch was ` open to the idea ' at first because he had been at loggerheads with his son and told him , `` maybe you should go '' .
' elisabeth also reportedly told her father that news international chief executive rebekah brooks , the former editor of the sun and the news of the world , should resign along with the company 's former chairman les hinton .
both stepped down a few days later .
the vanity fair article says : ` elisabeth blamed her brother for allowing