many people have the bad habit of squeezing blackheads and pimples on their faces .
but for one new york-based writer , the urge to stand in front of a mirror and poke at and squeeze her pores for hours on end became so bad that it actually started ` sabotaging ' her life .
in an inspiring essay for marie claire , jenna marotta , 27 , tells of her experience with dermatillomania - a compulsive skin-picking disorder that left her face bleeding - and how she managed to overcome it .
` i 'd descend `` into the mirror '' for up to four hours a day , ' jenna writes in the essay , explaining how her actions horrified her parents .
' i would nick and squeeze and yank at every clogged pore on my face .
' scroll down for video .
obsessive behavior : jenna marotta , 27 , of new york , says her habit of picking at the pores on her face was so all-consuming that it became ` self-sabotaging ' at first , jenna was just looking for a way to break out of her binge-eating routine .
as a child she developed bad eating habits - she would skip breakfast and lunch , then stuff her face with whatever she wanted for hours when she got home .
her binge-eating cycle continued through college and after graduation , when she moved back home to her parents ' house in illinois .
' i knew i was bingeing while i was bingeing , ' she writes , adding that part of the problem was that she would head to the kitchen whenever she felt bored .
` so i decided to find a new place to spend my ample downtime .
' that place became her parents ' bathroom , where her mom kept a stainless steel 10x magnifying mirror and an array of tweezerman tweezers .
jenna 's use of the tweezers started off innocently enough , with her plucking out stray hairs along her eyebrows .
then she started to become obsessive , revisiting her brows several times a day and moving on to other areas of her face , where she would use those same tweezers to clear out pores and remove ingrown hairs .
` at one point , i became convinced that there was a lone