by .
amanda williams .
published : .
05:54 est , 18 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:06 est , 18 september 2013 .
a gamekeeper has become so at one with his charges that he has become the real life dr doolittle , and can even photograph some of britain 's most endearing animals from just a few feet .
adam tatlow 's affinity with nature has allowed him to get so close to the creatures , that many of the resulting charming images , taken in the cotswold countryside , look as if they have been taken with a zoom lens - but were actually taken right next to their trusting subjects .
the .
46-year-old 's trusty camera is never far from his side as he goes about .
his work as a gamekeeper on a countryside estate .
beautiful : a gamekeeper has become so at one with his charges that he has become the real life dr doolittle , and can even photograph some of britain 's most endearing animals from just a few feet .
rare close-up : a grounded swallow taken by the real-life dr doolittle .
gamekeeper mr tatlow can even photograph some of britain 's rarest birds from just a few feet .
king : mr tatlow has even managed to get close to a kingfisher thanks to his amazing connection with his wild subjects .
at one with nature : his charming images include this picture of a pheasant in a flap -lrb- left -rrb- from just a few feet away , and a winter robin perched on a branch -lrb- right -rrb- .
he .
has built up a stunning portfolio of snaps that lift the lid on .
rarely-seen birds and animals found in forests throughout the country .
the 46-year-old 's trusty camera is never far from his side .
mr tatlow 's subjects have included timid fox cubs , bounding hares , inquisitive hedgehogs and colourful kingfishers .
he is so at one with nature that he knows how to call animals to him .
they are so comfortable with him that he often gets within 30ft of them .
the father of two , is from the village .
of guiting power .
he said : ' i have had a love of wildlife and nature ever .
since i was old