eight people have been arrested as part of an investigation into child sexual exploitation .
six men and a 16-year-old boy were arrested in raids in rochdale and oldham this morning and are now being questioned on suspicion of conspiracy to commit sexual acts with a child .
a seventh man was arrested later and is also being questioned .
the investigation was set up because police were trying to establish why teenagers aged between 13 and 15 in the area were going missing from home , when one suggested she was being groomed .
eight people have been arrested in early raids in rochdale -lrb- pictured -rrb- and oldham and are being questioned by police on suspicion of conspiracy to commit sexual acts with a child , one of the eight is a 16-year-old boy .
the operation was launched in the wake of the rochdale child sex grooming gang scandal , where vulnerable girls were exploited by a gang of nine men who plied them with drink before passing them around for sex .
the case led to an increased awareness of sexual exploitation and the need to protect children from becoming victims in the area .
early morning raids today led to arrests of the seven , who are aged between 16 and 47 .
the raids were led by sunrise , a dedicated sexual exploitation police team in rochdale .
detective chief inspector andy aston said : ` the sunrise team were initially looking at reasons why the children - two girls aged 15 and 13 and a 13-year-old boy - were going missing from home .
officers spoke to one of the girls who suggested they were being groomed between 16 september and 17 october 2014 .
' a swift investigation was launched and agencies worked together which has resulted in these arrests across the rochdale and oldham areas plus the safeguarding of three vulnerable children .
' paul marshall , assistant director for children 's social care at rochdale council said the raids were part of work being done in the area to tackle child sexual exploitation .
he said : ` the success of operation infrared means that three vulnerable children are now safe and seven people have been arrested as part of this investigation .
' last month police investigating sex grooming of children arrested 11 people suspected of abusing a group