trapped eight-feet underground for six days days without food or water , brillo the dog probably thought his time was up .
but thanks to his determined yapping , and his owner 's sharp ears , he was given a second chance .
brillo the wirehead dachshund escaped from his garden and got trapped down a badger sett in nearby woodland .
brillo looks quite contrite after spending six days stuck down a badger hole , sparking a hunt for him .
members of the kent fire and rescue service search and rescue team digging out brillo the dog .
the wirehead dachshund escaped from his garden and got trapped down a badger sett in nearby woodland .
owner andrew hynard , 53 , thought he 'd never see him again until he was walking his other dog mocha and heard noises under his feet .
he recognised brillo 's bark and tried to dig down through the soil to save the 12-year-old pooch .
after an hour of desperately trying to get to his pet , mr hynard realised brillo was too far down .
he called kent fire and rescue and after three hours of digging the dog was found - eight-foot underground .
relieved surveyor my hynard said : ` he just disappeared from the garden .
saved !
dog owner debbie hynard reunited with brillo who was rescued from badger hole .
mischievous mutt : owners debbie hynard and daughter lucy are happy brillo survived the ordeal .
` we had friends and family searching for him all last week , to no avail .
he had disappeared before but always came back .
` after about two or three hours of digging , the firemen pulled him out .
` but not after he had given them a couple of nips , the ungrateful so-and-so .
' naughty brillo has previously disappeared from his home in tenterden , kent , for days on end .
he once had to be dug out of a badger sett by mr hynard and needed his chest stitched up after a spat with a badger .
his latest antic saw him go missing on october 21 after getting excited around some badger setts .
a four-person team from kent fire and rescue service rescued the pup on sunday .
lucky brillo has now fully recovered from his escapade and