a rare 1,000 lb thresher shark has been sighted leaping in mid-air as it swam alongside hundreds of dolphins off the welsh coast .
the 16ft shark leapt out of the water half a mile off the pembrokeshire coast .
the acrobatics were caught on camera by photographer richard crossen who was sailing with marine biologist cliff benson .
acrobatics : a thresher shark was spotted leaping through the air off the pembrokeshire coast .
the rare sighting occurred when the breaching shark swam with a pod of dolphins .
mr benson said : ` this was an extremely rare sighting .
` unlike dolphins , which breathe air , sharks rarely come to the surface of the water .
` if you offered to pay someone # 1,000 to get a photograph like this , they would not be able to .
' sightings of the shark are so uncommon that only six were seen in uk waters last year .
in 2011 , the number was just two .
many of the sightings occurred after the sharks were caught in fishing nets .
the researchers were following a pod of dolphins -lrb- pictured -rrb- when they saw the rare thresher shark .
the team were able to get close to the pod of dolphins , many of which had calves -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
the group of researchers from the sea trust were observing a pod of common dolphins , as part of an ongoing 10-year survey .
the pod was spotted near the site of a proposed atlantic array offshore wind farm .
threshers and other species of shark have been found off the welsh coast because the sea is warmer due to this year 's hot summer .
the leaping shark was seen on monday afternoon , among a pod of several hundred dolphins - many of which had small calves .
the dolphin pod was spotted by the sea trust team near a proposed atlantic array offshore wind farm .
thresher sharks could eat dolphins but marine biologists said they were hunting the same prey as the pod .
mr benson , director of the sea trust , said : ` sharks could potentially eat small dolphins , but in this case , the animal seems to have been feeding on the same prey as the dolphins - herring and mackerel .
' thresher sharks