by .
larisa brown .
published : .
21:33 est , 1 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:41 est , 2 may 2013 .
a private hospital has stopped all surgery on children after a damning report said patients ' lives were being put at risk .
the unpublished report from the health watchdog said children admitted for surgery at the hospital in guildford , surrey , were ` particularly at risk of unsafe and inappropriate care and treatment ' .
it follows inspections in january at the hospital , run by bmi , one of britain 's biggest private healthcare groups , in response to concerns raised with the care quality commission .
the report into mount alvernia hospital , guildford , found children were ` particularly at risk of unsafe care ' the report into mount alvernia hospital was due to be published yesterday but has been delayed , according to the cqc .
it states categorically that patients ' lives were at risk at the luxury 76-bed hospital , where every room is en-suite .
it reads : ` the care and treatment provided to patients at bmi mount alvernia hospital was unsafe .
` people were put at significant risk of harm to a life-threatening level .
children admitted for surgery were particularly at risk of unsafe and inappropriate care .
' inspectors had several serious concerns , including occasions when surgery was unsafe and staff being told not to resuscitate some patients when their condition deteriorated , even though there had been no discussion with the patient or relatives .
it also says communication in the hospital was poor .
one patient was transferred from an nhs hospital by his consultant ` when the patient was acutely unwell ' .
but the patient was not then reviewed by the consultant who admitted him to mount alvernia , and deteriorated .
there was no communication with the previous consultant .
when the patient 's condition worsened the consultant told staff not to resuscitate , even though there had been no discussion with the patient or relatives as to their wishes .
concerns were also raised by an incident where surgery was carried out in an area without the correct system for ventilation and the disposing of gases used in anaesthesia .
the report says : ` the unit was therefore unsuitable for undertaking