the other day i was driving past the port at bristol and i saw all those thousands of cars lined up on the quayside -- and whoa ... i did a double take .
there they were : phalanx upon phalanx of shiny new vehicles glinting like dinky toys in the sun ; and i suddenly realised that they were n't arriving in this country .
these cars had n't just disembarked from france or germany or japan .
they were about to make their own journey overseas -- they were british cars , for goodness sake .
they were examples of british manufacturing and design and engineering -- and they were about to be loaded on to ships and taken to other european countries , and to africa , and asia ; and i reflected on one of the most stunning turnaround stories in the economic history of this country .
scroll down for video .
britain last year produced more than 1.5 million cars -- the most since 2007 -- and we are poised to overtake france and become the second biggest car manufacturing power in europe .
across the west midlands -- and indeed across the country -- there are now literally thousands of businesses , large and small , that are engaged in automotive innovation and supply ; and there was a time when no one would have believed that was possible .
i remember the 1970s .
you , too , may remember that mullet - haired decade .
the music was superb , the food was mediocre , and british industry was on its knees .
i remember when our motor manufacturing industry was in the hands of ` conveners ' and ` shop stewards ' , and when the man who ran british leyland -- then our biggest car company -- appeared to be an avowedly communist trade union official called red robbo .
when i was a child i am afraid to say that british cars were the butt of international derision .
they leaked oil , and they were generally assembled with such slovenly imprecision they gained a reputation for unreliability that it has taken decades to shake off .
lemon after lemon rolled off our production lines , culminating in the ludicrous rustbucket called the austin allegro -- and there was a reason for the disaster .
boris johnson :