baby gammy , the baby at the centre of the thai surrogacy scandal , has celebrated his first day as an australian citizen .
in 2014 , gammy 's surrogate mother , pattamaron chanbua , applied for citizenship along with her son , as a way to safeguard his future .
australian charity hands across the water aided the process , previously securing a house for gammy and his family .
scroll down for video .
gammy celebrates his first birthday on tuesday , after being the centre of an international scandal this year .
gammy first made headlines when ms chanbua claimed that west australian couple wendy and david farnell had abandoned him in thailand , after discovering he had down syndrome .
the farnells returned to australia with gammy 's twin sister pipah , while ms chanbua remained with gammy in thailand 's chonburi province .
mr farnell , a convicted child sex offender , retained custody of pipah late last year after an investigation by the wa department for child protection .
in november , wa child protection minister helen morton said there would be ` continual and rigorous testing ' of a safety plan that had been developed for pipah .
the department of immigration and border protection confirmed on tuesday that gammy 's application for citizenship by descent had been granted .
gammy pictures with his thai surrogate mother pattaramon ` goy ' chanbua during a trip to the beach .
gammy is a happy , healthy little boy who lives in a new house with his loving family .
ms chanbua said that despite the official decision , she had no immediate plans to take her son to australia .
' ' i want him to be near me here so that i do n't have to miss him , ' ms chanbua , 21 , said .
` but if all of my family , including me die and if gammy is left behind alone , at least the australian government will help him , ' she said .
ms chanbua confirmed that gammy was in good health and had celebrated his first birthday in december .
they live in a comfortable house paid for using part of the $ 250,000 raised for the family through public donations , which has new furniture , a television set , and plenty of kids '