a massive python has been caught on camera swallowing a baby antelope whole .
the impressive digestive feat was captured by indian animal rescuer nitish bambhaniya in the tiny village of billa in the indian state of gujarat .
the photographer and a member of his team dashed 25 miles to the scene on a motorcycle after getting a tip-off from a local in the area - arriving to find the giant snake devouring a nilgai , a type of asian antelope also known as a blue bull .
scroll down for video .
dinner is sss-served : an indian rock python was captured on camera swallowing an antelope whole .
the impressive digestive feat was captured by indian animal rescuer nitish bambhaniya .
many locals wanted to kill the python , fearing that if let go , it would be a risk to children .
nitish , who runs the red headed vulture nature club , said : ' i got a call in the morning for an indian rock python .
` when we reached the spot .
we saw this massive python .
the python had hunted a baby blue bull and had already eaten 80 per cent of the bull 's body .
` it was on the edge of an open field , so lots of locals started gathering there .
' food for thought : the python did n't make a meal of the digestive feat , easily swallowing its huge prey .
jaw-dropping : the snake has almost finished its meal , as locals look on .
scared off : in the end the snake regurgitates the antelope as it feared being attacked by the locals .
many locals wanted to kill the python , fearing that if let go , it would be a risk to children in the neighbouring villages .
with the crowd gathering around the python , it stopped swallowing the antelope and let go of his prey .
` pythons do it so that they can shed body weight and escape faster , ' nitish added .
` meanwhile , we convinced the villagers not to kill the python and they agreed .
later we caught the python and handed it over to the forest department officials .
' the python was released by the officials in a nearby forest , before slithering away to freedom .