ian bell is confident england will not be sidetracked by the continuing row over james anderson 's conduct , suggesting his altercation with india all-rounder ravindra jadeja ` got blown out of proportion ' .
the row between anderson and jadeja during the first investec test at trent bridge is still casting a shadow as the series enters its fourth match at old trafford on thursday .
the issue appeared to reach a conclusion last week when both players were cleared by independent international cricket council commissioner gordon lewis , anderson having been charged with a level three offence of pushing and abusing jadeja , who escaped a lesser charge .
low key : ian bell believes the james anderson and ravindra jadeja row has been blown out proportion .
back among the runs : ian bell hit 167 in england 's previous test with india at southampton .
but while england are happy to let the situation lie , india have repeatedly registered their dissatisfaction with anderson 's behaviour and would like to see further action .
only the icc chief executive dave richardson can now extend the process , by appealing lewis ' verdict , and an official statement from the governing body confirmed the australian 's ruling was under consideration ahead of sunday 's deadline .
but bell has been surprised by the furore having occurred during a series that he believes has been low on antagonism .
` apart from one incident there 's been nothing on the field at all , less than in other series i 've played , ' said bell .
` it 's a tough environment in the middle , there 's always a bit and you hope it does n't go past the line , but it 's been played in a good spirit .
` certainly a lot has been made of that issue .
but like i said , from what i 've been part of , there 's been very little said apart from that one incident .
' fourth test awaits : bell -lrb- left -rrb- takes part in a nets session with joss buttler -lrb- centre -rrb- and alastair cook .
shake on it : ravindra jadeja -lrb- left -rrb- and james anderson shake hands during a series which has seen a feud develop between the pair following a row during the first test .