arsenal begin their whistlestop tour of new york today when they touch down in the big apple .
the gunners will cram plenty during their four day stay : daily training sessions , fan parties , coaching clinics and saturday 's clash against thierry henry 's new york red bulls on saturday .
for the club , it 's a chance to plant commercial roots in a country they are yet to crack on a big scale .
but for the players , it 'll be an opportunity to plant their own seeds - in manager arsene wenger 's head - ahead of the new season .
video scroll down to watch some great thierry henry moments at new york red bulls .
wilshere posted this selfie from new jersey with team-mates flamini and rosicky on instagram .
of course , for some , the need to make an impression on the gunners boss will be greater than others .
aaron ramsey , for example , knows he 'll have an integral role in arsenal 's trophy charge next season having established himself as the club 's premier central midfielder .
likewise , kieran gibbs knows he 's almost certain to start the season as the club 's first-choice left-back having seen off the challenge of nacho monreal .
however , others are n't so fortunate .
arsenal players mathieu flamini , nacho monreal , tomas rosicky , kieran gibbs and aaron ramsey on board their flight to the usa .
mathieu flamini and tomas rosicky are all smiles as they fly out from luton .
and here , sportsmail takes a look at the gunners ' travelling party who 'll want to make it big in new york.wojciech szczesny almost certain to start the season as the club 's no 1 .
but the imminent arrival of david ospina from nice will raise further question marks over the pole 's position as first-choice goalkeeper .
ospina impressed for colombia during the world cup and will arrive in north london intent on dislodging szczesny between the posts .
it 's not the first time szczesny 's role has come under scrutiny during his time at arsenal , but a strong pre-season will help reinforce his position as the club 's undisputed first-choice keeper.carl jenkinson the right-back may have thought his time had come when bacary sagna left for manchester city