by .
james rush .
published : .
15:57 est , 29 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
18:06 est , 29 january 2013 .
a malian woman has spoken of how she was thrown into an islamist prison and given 15 lashes a day for letting a veil slip off her head .
residents in timbuktu have been speaking for the first time of a rule of fear under al qaeda-linked islamist rebels , who had controlled the city until it was re-taken by french and malian troops at the weekend .
people have been openly smoking on the city 's streets for the first time in months - something that would have earned them swift retribution only a few days ago .
scroll down for video .
imprisoned : a malian women has spoken of how she was locked up and lashed 15 times a day for letting her veil slip off her head .
prison : the woman showed the two square metre cell which she had to share with up to 14 other detainees .
punishment : the woman said she was taken to the jail and beaten 15 times a day for letting her veil slip .
free : the woman was speaking after islamist rebels , who had ruled the city for nine months , were forced out of timbuktu by french and malian forces .
one woman told french broadcaster tf1 how she was thrown into prison and given 15 lashes a day .
her crime had been to let a veil over her head slip , revealing her hair underneath .
she showed the two square metre cell which she had to share with up to 14 other detainees .
' i had the veil and it fell off my head .
the took me off to prison and there , they beat me .
every day 15 lashes with a whip , ' said the woman who put on a dress adorned with a sticker commemorating international women 's day .
precious 13th century manuscripts in timbuktu were torched by the retreating islamist rebels shortly before the northern malian city was re-taken over the weekend .
ground forces backed up by paratroops from the french foreign legion re-took the city , which fell into rebel hands nine months ago .
french president francois hollande ordered a military intervention earlier