bayern munich coach pep guardiola ` would not go to a club like manchester city ' and will see out his three-year contract with the german champions , club ceo karl-heinz rummenigge said on thursday .
guardiola , who joined in 2013 after winning 14 titles in four seasons at barcelona and taking a year out , has been a top target for several european clubs .
the spaniard , who won the domestic double last season , has repeatedly been linked with a possible move to last season 's premier league champions manchester city .
bayern munich boss pep guardiola will see out his three-year contract , claims karl-heinz rummenigge .
speculation intensified in the days after bayern 's 3-1 champions league quarter-final , first-leg loss at porto last week and the subsequent departure of their long-time team doctor , who said his medical team was blamed for the defeat .
but their 6-1 demolition of the portuguese outfit on tuesday saw bayern book a semi-final spot with guardiola on track for a treble of titles in his second season .
' i know very well that he will be the coach here at least until june 30 , 2016 , ' rummenigge told bild .
guardiola celebrates during bayern 's 6-1 champions league quarter-final victory against porto .
he said contract extension talks would take place in the second half of the year , following the end of the season .
` the aim is to extend guardiola 's contract and i think we have very good chances that he remains the coach here beyond 2016 .
' recent contact between guardiola and former barcelona colleague txiki begiristain , who is now city 's sports director , was no reason for concern for bayern , rummenigge said .
the bayern players celebrates after reaching the champions league semi-finals on wednesday night .
' i am not worried about that .
this just proves the quality of the coach .
i am also aware that begiristain worked with guardiola at barcelona at some point .
` but i can not imagine that pep would go to a club like manchester city .
' bayern could win the bundesliga title this weekend and take on borussia dortmund in the german cup final before their champions league semi-final next month .
bayern have once before won the treble , in 2013