by .
laura clark .
published : .
15:39 est , 29 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
21:04 est , 29 october 2012 .
pressing ahead : michael gove has said he will axe legal quotas of school fields for team sports .
michael gove yesterday vowed to press ahead with rule changes that could see hundreds of schools sell off their playing fields .
the education secretary remained defiant over his plans to scrap regulations setting out the minimum space schools must provide for team games , facing down critics by telling them they were simply wrong .
opponents say the rule change - due to come into force tomorrow - will make it easier for schools to justify cutting back the size of their playing fields .
since details of the move were first revealed as britain celebrated olympics success , an online petition has attracted more than 150,000 signatures demanding a rethink .
challenging mr gove in the commons yesterday , nic dakin , labour mp for scunthorpe , said : ` considering the need to preserve our olympic legacy , what does the secretary of state have to say to those 150,000 people who signed a petition against his plans which will come into force this wednesday to scrap minimum size regulations for school playing fields ?
' mr gove replied : ' i admire their passion , but they are wrong .
' under the current rules , schools must provide between 2,500 and 75,000 square metres of space for team games depending on the number of pupils they educate .
in future , they will merely be required to provide ` suitable outdoor space ' for physical education and play .
the current detailed table of minimum space requirements will be rewritten and simplified but will be laid down in non-binding guidance rather than law .
the department for education says the rule change is needed to allow more school places to be created quickly and cheaply to accommodate a surge in the birth rate .
officials also say that schools will find the new rules easier to follow because bureaucratic restrictions have been removed , allowing heads to decide what is best for their pupils .
but labour claims the move could lead to ` salami slicing ' of school pitches .
an early day motion tabled in the commons