by .
olivia williams .
published : .
10:06 est , 26 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:27 est , 26 february 2013 .
asian needle ants , an aggressive species with painful stings , is on the march , winning territory from argentine ants , the u.s. 's most famous invasive species .
the asian ants are not just a worry for the argentine ants , but also for humans .
they cause itchy bites on people that can cause anaphylactic shock , a severe reaction that can result in death , if the person is allergic .
argentine ants were very successful as an an invasive species , spreading across the country with their territorial behaviour and super-colonies , having arrived in the u.s. in the 19th century .
scroll down for video .
battle of the ants : asian needle ants , right , are pushing out argentine ants , left .
researchers predict that the more aggressive asian ants , which have painful bites , could be the next big foreign ant invasion in the u.s. for a long time , they have been the dominant invasive species , but now asian ants are displacing them .
unusually the argentines have not been fighting the newcomers , letting them gain ground quickly in pockets everywhere from alabama to new york to oregon .
lead author of the research into this ant influx , eleanor spicer rice at north carolina university , said the asian ants could be the next major ant invasion .
dr spicer rice began to investigate after she noticed asian ants winning turf over the argentines in a north carolina office park .
normally the territorial argentine species do not having any other species of ant nearby , so dr spicer .
rice decided to investigate .
the researchers believe the asian .
ants have an advantage over the argentines because they are active in .
cool weather , whereas the argentine ant rests until spring .
the asian ants start building new nests around march , whereas the argentine ants start in late april or may , giving them a headstart every year .
dr spicer rice said that they are very likely to continue their advance as a species .
` the asian needle ant is moving into forests and urban environments .
` because it is active