president barack obama 's top military adviser said sunday that while he has n't seen the need for ground troops in iraq so far , there 's a strong chance combat troops will be needed to fight the islamic state in the future .
` yeah , there will be circumstances when the answer to that question will likely be yes , ' gen. martin dempsey , chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , said in an interview with abc that aired on this week .
` but i have n't encountered one right now , ' he added .
dempsey 's interview aired on the same day defense secretary chuck hagel warned that islamic radicals are perilously close to taking a key city along syria 's border with turkey .
scroll down for video .
joint chiefs chairman gen. martin dempsey said in an interview that aired sunday on abc that there may be ` circumstances ' in the future when ground troops will be needed in iraq .
the u.s. has launched more than two dozen airstrikes against isis in the kobane region , and ` some progress made , ' but the situation continues to be ` dangerous , ' defense secretary chuck hagel said sunday during a trip to chile , according to bbc .
a kobane official told reuters that fighters on the ground do not have enough weapons .
and ` without weaponry , is not going to make a critical difference , ' he said .
a senior kurdish official , ismet sheikh hasan , told the associated press on friday that airstrikes had not deterred isis and warned that a massacre would occur if the international community did not step in .
he also urged turkey to open a closed-off corridor to kobane 's remaining residents and to allow arms to flow through the country to kurds fighting against isis just over the border .
turkey has been unwilling to intervene in the violence taking place in the syrian city , even after the u.s. state department dispatched gen. john allen to the country last thursday to plead for their help .
allen is coordinating the obama administration 's assault on isis .
the syrian border state has long said its strategy would focus on taking out its neighboring country 's corrupt president , bashar al assad , not islamic radicals