by .
ollie gillman .
a dramatic rescue mission is underway to save three people aboard a boat hit by a huge hurricane .
the boat , named walkabout , was hit by hurricane julio , which whipped up 155mph winds and 30ft waves , blowing a hatch off the boat and washing away its life raft .
a terrifying picture released by the coast guard shows the rough seas the crew face , as they battle to keep their yacht afloat as it takes on water .
rough seas : the crew of the walkabout have lost their life rafts and are taking on water .
this image , taken by a nasa satellite , shows hurricane julio swirling over the pacific ocean .
the three sailors , who have not been identified , sent out a mayday message on sunday morning and the coast guard is now co-ordinating their rescue .
a hc-130 hercules plane arrived on the scene at around 1:10 pm local time yesterday to drop off life rafts to the stricken crew , but they were unable to reach them because of the huge waves which are battering the 42ft boat .
a nearby container ship , manukai , has now reached the sailors and will attempt a rescue at dawn .
the coast guard has dropped life rafts to the stricken crew but they can not reach them because of 30ft waves and 155mph winds caused by hurricane julio .
a hercules c130-j , similar to the planes used by the coast guard to co-ordinate the boat 's rescue -lrb- file pic -rrb- .
operations specialist andrew lincoln said : ` the seas were really bad and it 's kind of windy so -lsb- the manukai crew -rsb- did n't want to do it in the dark .
` if seas were calm they 'd pull up to the sailing vessel and -lsb- the three sailors -rsb- would climb up what 's called a jacob 's ladder .
` but it 's really rough out there so if -lsb- the manukai -rsb- did that they 'd end up running over that sailing vessel .
' an earlier statement from the coast guard said : ` the coast guard is coordinating the rescue of a 42-foot sailboat caught in hurricane julio 414 miles northeast of oahu sunday .
` sailing vessel walkabout is disabled and