it has spent years cultivating its image as the acceptable face of capitalism but now john lewis is in danger of being seen as the same as all the rest after ditching its final salary pension scheme .
the department store chain , which also owns upmarket foods store waitrose , is the uk 's largest employee-owned company and prides itself on looking after staff known as partners .
but in a cost cutting move the firm is replacing the gold plated perk with a hybrid scheme based in part on staff contributions .
the firm is replacing the gold plated perk with a hybrid scheme based in part on staff contributions .
shoppers took to twitter to voice their disgust .
one , stewart hardy , wrote : ` ah and i thought @johnlewis were employee owned and generally cuddly ?
guess money talks .
' another called paul lewis warned : ` when john lewis scraps final salary pension you know they 're doomed in private sector .
' in the private sector both tesco and morrisons both recently scaled back their once generous retirement schemes .
the firm had announced last year it would talk with staff about the future of the scheme and nat wakely , director of pensions benefit review , said : ` the john lewis partnership pension is a defining element of our business and this decision will ensure that it remains so in a way that is fair and affordable .
` the council 's unanimous vote in favour of the final proposal was the culmination of a very thorough process , involving every area of the partnership and concluding in a decision that we took together in an open and democratic way .
' in the private sector both tesco and morrisons both recently scaled back their once generous retirement schemes .
john lewis employs more than 80,000 and last year said it had agreed a 10-year plan to reduce its deficit which stood at # 840m .
the new hybrid scheme is a mix between defined benefit and defined contribution .
the firm will contribute 3per cent of basic pay for staff in the bit of the scheme linked to salary , matching staff contributions up to 4.5 per cent .
it will also pay 120th of their finally salary for every year worked -- as part of the secondary