teachers banned an exotic animal expert from a school after fears were raised over health and safety .
reptile specialist rob louth was due to present a workshop to a group of children during half-term at st george 's academy in sleaford , lincolnshire .
but he was stunned when panicking staff rang him five minutes before his presentation began and ordered him to remove the creatures from the school premises .
mr louth , who recently won an award for his nationwide animal talks , was forced to quickly show the .
devastated children the exotic creatures in their travel boxes before taking .
them out of the school .
reptile expert rob louth -lrb- pictured with his wife susan -rrb- was banned from showing animals to school children .
the 35-year-old had planned to show a tarantula , lizard , snakes , meerkats and skunks to the excited young carers in his 90 minute workshop on october 23 .
a carer 's organisation had booked the school buildings to give the youngsters - who care for their disabled or seriously ill parents - a well-deserved treat .
mr louth said : ` it 's health and safety gone mad .
i 've done displays in schools , shopping centres and parks , more or less anywhere .
st george 's academy in sleaford which banned mr louth from giving an exotic animals demonstration .
' i did a national tour of shopping centres with skoda on a promotional tour with my animals and you ca n't get much more of a health and safety nightmare than a shopping centre .
but they accepted me and my licences .
` these kids had come from all over for this workshop and i 'd been booked to be there for some time .
` the carers group had hired the school to put on a series of workshops for them as a treat .
' mr louth has given talks about his animals around the country , and recently won an award for his work .
here he is pictured showing his pet burmese python to children at another school during a demonstration .
members of a lions club enjoy holding mr louth 's pet burmese python as part of one of his displays .
he added : ' i was in and had got all the animals there set