the death of a pennsylvania college student whose body was pulled from a river near his home was likely an accident , his family are now saying .
the disappearance of 21-year-old shane montgomery in philadelphia on thanksgiving day caused a widespread search and led to a $ 65,000 reward for information about his whereabouts .
on saturday , volunteer divers discovered the west chester university senior 's body in the schuylkill river near kildare 's irish pub in philadelphia , where he had spent the night drinking until 1.45 am on november 27 .
the medical examiner 's office has conducted an autopsy to determine a cause an manner of death , but has not yet released the results .
found : the body of shane montgomery , pictured , was recovered from the schuylkill river in philadelphia on saturday , close to where he was last seen on november 27 .
bittersweet : his heartbroken parents , karen and kevin montgomery , spoke with the media after their son 's body was discovered today .
search : teams had been searching the nearby canal for the last month but turned up no signs .
montgomery 's body was found saturday in the water behind the manayunk street brewery .
however , montgomery 's uncle kevin verbrugghe told the allentown morning call that investigators believe his nephew 's death was accidental .
verbrugghe did not elaborate on how they think montgomery died .
the young man 's body has been released back to the custody of his grieving parents , karen and kevin , who are planning the funeral on friday at their catholic parish in the philadelphia neighborhood of manayunk .
` today we have done what we have promised , ' karen montgomery told nbc philadelphia on sunday .
` we have found and we brought shane home .
' two weeks earlier divers found a set of keys belonging to montgomery in the same section of water after they were tested on his parents ' house .
montgomery was last seen leaving a bar in manayunk in the early hours of thanksgiving day , having returned home from college for the holidays , and was caught on surveillance footage heading towards a parking lot .
recovered : different clues lead search crews to montgomery 's body , especially the discovery of a set of keys nearby