by .
lucy thackray .
a mother-of-two nearly lost her life during the morning school run , when a 10kg wrecking ball smashed through her windscreen while she was doing 110 km/h on the motorway .
melissa woods had just dropped her children at school on the gold coast in southeast queensland and was returning home on the m1 motorway when a wrecking ball detached from the car in front of her and ` shot like a missile ' through her windscreen .
luckily for mrs woods , the ball crashed through the passenger side of the car , where one of her children had been sitting only moments before .
` there was a god almighty crash and the windscreen smashed .
it was very , very scary , ' mrs woods said .
` it was n't until i stopped the car that that it really hit me .
what if my kids had been in the car ?
what if i had been hit ?
' melissa woods was driving home after dropping her two children at school , when a 10 kilogram towball smashed through her windscreen after detaching from the car in front of her .
driving 110km/hr on the m1 , the 10 kilogram was like a '' missile ' and it is ` absolute luck ' that no one was injured .
melissa woods -lrb- right -rrb- nearly lost her life when a wrecking ball smashed through her windscreen on tuesday morning , after she dropped her children off at school .
the towball that smashed through the car windscreen , miraculously sparing melissa woods ' life .
no-one stopped to assist mrs woods after the incident .
local police initially did not plan investigating the incident , but mr and mrs woods were told on thursday morning that a formal investigation would take place .
police will use cctv footage that captured the incident , which was taken from a camera on an overpass over the m1 .
melissa woods ' husband , peter , is disappointed that police were disinterested in the case , for the sake of motorists ' safety .
melissa woods , pictured with her two children , was in grave danger during what should have been an ordinary school drop off .
` in the interest of public safety it needs to be properly investigated .
policing