the hype over tennis 's `` next big thing '' nick kyrgios exploded in australia on wednesday as news of the teenager 's stunning upset of 14-times grand slam champion rafa nadal at wimbledon broke .
once a global superpower in the sport , australia has waited in vain for a new men 's talent to take the mantle from an ageing lleyton hewitt and 19-year-old kyrgios 's stylish advance to the wimbledon quarters propelled a tidal wave of accolades from former players , hollywood celebrities and politicians .
` extraordinary performance @nickkyrgios .
australia could n't be prouder of you - what a win & what an amazing attitude !
' australian prime minister tony abbott tweeted .
aussie rules : kyrgios looks in disbelief as he celebrates his shock win over nadal .
stunned : the world no 1 was overwhelmed by the power and finesse of his teenage opponent .
` aussie aussie aussie @nickkyrgios .
such composure and class !
but hard off to @rafaelnadal ... one of the greatest of all time !
' australian actor hugh jackman also posted on twitter .
a lead story on all of the major news networks and websites , kyrgios 's hopes of `` keeping it real '' may be undermined by the constant comparisons to other barnstorming teenagers of yesteryear .
where american great john mcenroe saw in kyrgios a 17-year-old boris becker on the rise , australian doubles great todd woodbridge gleaned a young pete sampras .
australia 's 1987 wimbledon champion pat cash likened kyrgios to another big-server with greek heritage in mark philippoussis , the twice grand slam finalist .
the outrageous between-the-legs winner that kyrgios finessed from the baseline to leave nadal flat-footed was seized upon as proof the 144th-ranked kyrgios had the confidence and the game to mix it with the world 's greats .
proud : australian a-list actor hugh jackman tweeted his delight at kyrgios ' win .
by royal appointment : jackman watched the match from the royal box at wimbledon .
national hero : australian prime minister tony abbott was also quick to congratulate kyrgios .
` the `` tweener '' perfectly summed up kyrgios 's approach at wimbledon - fearless , fun and a finesse-to-firepower ratio to match it with the world 's elite , ' news ltd media enthused .
amid the feverish hype , kyrgios