by .
press association reporter .
derby took the first step towards easing the pain of their play-off final defeat to qpr with a hard-earned victory over sky bet championship newcomers rotherham at the ipro stadium .
the millers were looking good value for a point until a quality finish from republic of ireland midfielder jeff hendrick floored them eight minutes from the end , although they twice went close to equalising in stoppage time .
derby went into the game with nine of the team that started the opening game of last season and one of those men , johnny russell , made a surging run in the first 30 seconds that took him into the rotherham penalty area before the ball was scrabbled clear .
leaving it late : derby county 's jeff hendrick -lrb- right -rrb- celebrates after scoring the winning goal .
hot shot : derby county 's will hughes takes control in the opening match at the ipro stadium .
derby : grant , christie , keogh , buxton , forsyth , bryson , hughes -lrb- mascarell 53 -rrb- , hendrick , dawkins -lrb- best 79 -rrb- , martin , russell -lrb- ward 64 -rrb- .
subs not used : eustace , whitbread , sammon , roos .
goals : hendrick 82 .
rotherham : collin , broadfoot , morgan , arnason , skarz , agard , frecklington , green , pringle , revell -lrb- bowery 58 -rrb- , derbyshire -lrb- swift 70 -rrb- .
subs not used : loach , brindley , wood , hall , tidser .
booked : skarz .
att : 30,105 .
ref : kevin friend -lrb- leicestershire -rrb- .
rotherham were struggling to cope with derby 's passing and movement and they were opened up again in the 16th minute when craig forsyth made a powerful run down the left but his cross just evaded chris martin .
but derby were given a warning a minute later when a free kick from the left dropped invitingly to kieran agard 12 yards out and his shot on the turn was blocked by one of the home side 's new signings cyrus christie .
former derby midfielder paul green shot wide from the edge of the box in the 21st minute but simon dawkins had a 20-yard drive deflected just past a post three minutes later .
it needed a brilliant