as the autumn sun shone down and the ear-splitting sounds of pipes and drums from thousands of orange order marchers filled edinburgh , the californian tourists could not have been happier .
` this is so fabulous , ' said mary , a film location scout , smiling as her husband snapped away with his camera at loyalists parading along the royal mile in their bowler hats and banners .
` we are watching history in the making on our holiday .
' perhaps .
there are just 100 hours to go until voting starts in the independence referendum that will define britain 's future , yet it remains impossible to determine if we are witnessing a seismic moment in our island 's story .
scroll down for video .
there are just 100 hours to go until voting starts in the referendum that will define britain 's future .
yesterday the two rival camps fanned out in force across scotland , that famous blue-and-white saltire fluttering from hundreds of stalls as thousands of campaigners argued over independence .
but the result -- the future of a 307-year-old union -- remains poised on a knife-edge .
the latest poll released yesterday by better together gave the no camp an eight-point lead , showing a recent barrage of warnings from business leaders and economists may have tilted the balance .
but their rivals yes scotland insisted results from 25,000 canvas daily returns gave them a majority .
and , confusingly , another poll showed the yes campaign eight points in the lead instead of behind .
last night this astonishing battle for britain intensified as the no campaign warned that with five days left , nationalists had not answered key questions on jobs , pensions , public services and the pound .
alistair darling , the former labour chancellor leading the campaign to preserve the united kingdom , said the referendum was the biggest decision most scots would ever make -- yet critical issues were not resolved .
` we still do n't know with five days to go what currency we would have , ' he said .
` how confident can we be that our public services will be funded ?
' his campaign , which saw a 22-point lead wiped out , has been accused of lacking energy to counter the romantic appeal of independence .
but darling