the bottle , which once contained prieure des couleys , will be sold at auction on september 13 .
a bottle of cognac drank by vladimir komarov and yuri gagarin shortly before their deaths will be sold at auction .
the cosmonauts enjoyed the bottle of prieure des couleys after learning they would fly pilot and back-up respectively on the soyuz 1 rocket launch in 1967 .
tragically , komarov was killed after the aircraft 's parachutes failed during its descent , while gagarin died the following year in a plane crash .
signed by each of the men and dated february 11 1967 , the bottle is now being sold for # 2,000 at the german auction house , auctionata .
when chosen for the soyuz 1 launch , gagarin had already become the first man to fly into space on sputnik 1 in 1961 , while komarov had commanded the first multi-person voyage , vokshod 1 , three years earlier .
the russians had planned to launch the soyuz 1 with komarov inside and send off a second aircraft with two additional cosmonauts the following day .
they would meet in space and dock , with komarov expected to climb from one to the other as part of the mission to mark the 50th anniversary of the communist revolution .
before blast off , several malfunctions were reportedly found within the rocket and its capsule and even komarov , a father-of-two , knew he would not make it back alive .
but , in a bid to save his friend , he reportedly told demoted kgb agent , venyamin russayev : ` if i do n't make this flight , they 'll send the backup pilot instead .
' he perished trying to descend back to earth when the rocket 's parachutes failed to open .
gagarin was banned from space flight following the incident and began training as a fighter pilot but died during a routine flight after training as a fighter pilot the following year .
viktoria kisseleva of auctionata said : ` in 1967 yuri gagarin and vladimir komarov were selected to be part of the soyuz 1 mission .
` gagarin was a national hero and had wanted to lead the mission but the soviet government did not want to risk his life .
vladimir komarov -lrb- left -rrb- and yuri gagarin -lrb- right