by .
fiona macrae .
it is a practice loved by celebrity mothers such as gwyneth paltrow and sienna miller .
and according to a study , taking up yoga in pregnancy can ease stress -- and reduce women 's fear of childbirth .
the first research of its kind found that a single yoga class cut anxiety in mothers-to-be by a third .
their levels of stress hormones fell and after two months of classes , the women said they were less scared about giving birth .
experts have now called on the nhs to provide free classes for pregnant women .
researchers found taking up yoga in pregnancy can ease stress and reduce women 's fear of childbirth -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
professor john aplin , who specialises in reproductive biomedicine , even suggested yoga could help women cope with the pain of childbirth and reduce the number of emergency c-sections .
he added : ` perhaps we should be looking at providing yoga classes on the nhs .
` it would be relatively cheap to implement , could help mothers and their children be healthier , as well as reducing the costs of longer-term healthcare .
' yoga is popular with mothers-to-be and is often recommended by doctors and midwives , but until now no one had studied whether it is actually beneficial .
the manchester university researchers looked at two groups of women who were 22 weeks pregnant .
half did a weekly yoga class for two months and the other half attended antenatal classes .
the yoga sessions were adapted for pregnancy and included relaxation techniques , as well as exercises to strengthen the body and ease pain .
there were concerns that the weekly focus on childbirth in classes might actually make women more nervous .
but a single yoga class cut the amount of anxiety the women felt by a third .
the manchester university researchers looked at two groups of women who were 22 weeks pregnant -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
stress levels after the session were even lower than when relaxing at home , according to the study published in the journal depression and anxiety .
and many of the women credited the techniques with keeping them calm and making the birth easier .
lead researcher dr james newham , who is now based at newcastle university , said :