by .
david williams , james slack and stephen wright .
published : .
08:09 est , 8 may 2012 .
| .
updated : .
19:22 est , 8 may 2012 .
thousands of passengers flew to america from uk airports last week unaware they were being guarded by us air marshals amid fears that al qaeda was planning to explode a bomb on a transatlantic flight .
security officials in the us said hundreds of armed sky marshals flew to europe to accompany flights after intelligence that the terror network could be looking to mark the first anniversary of the killing of osama bin laden by special forces in pakistan .
dozens of us-bound flights from heathrow and gatwick by both british and american airlines are understood to have had at least one marshal on board .
horror in the sky : sky marshals train to foil a terrorist attack .
hundreds have been stationed on flights between the u.s. and uk in recent weeks following an intelligence alert warning of an al qaeda attack .
target : the fact gatwick was so heavily monitored suggests there was specific information that one of its departures would be targeted .
plotter ?
senior al qaeda leader fahd al-quso , killed on sunday by a drone strike , was believed to be behind the updated underpants bomb plot .
at one stage , every flight heading for .
the us is said to have been ` shadowed ' by the marshals , whose weapons .
include low-velocity bullets that carry enough force to bring down a .
potential terrorist but not enough to blow through the skin of the .
aeroplane .
amazingly , it appeared that scotland yard was kept in the dark about the scale of the security operation .
the alert came after two intelligence .
breakthroughs by us investigators which provided evidence that al qaeda .
was still seeking to carry out attacks on us-bound commercial aircraft .
new terror alert : al qaeda reportedly planned to strike on the first anniversary of osama bin laden 's death .
the first was the discovery that .
terrorists were attempting to target airlines travelling from british .
and other european airports with explosives surgically implanted inside .
their bodies .
the second was the seizure by an .
undercover cia agent of a device built without metal