by .
emma reynolds .
published : .
11:02 est , 17 july 2012 .
| .
updated : .
03:31 est , 18 july 2012 .
wayne rooney 's brother was banned from the road today after being caught driving three times over the alcohol limit to buy booze for a party .
the manchester united striker 's younger sibling graham was found guilty of drink driving but blamed his friends .
dressed in a team gb hoodie , the 24-year-old left liverpool magistrates ' court with friends after being handed a two-year driving ban , 150 hours community service and told to pay # 650 costs .
community service : graham rooney , 24 , leaves liverpool magistrates court with a large group of friends after being sentenced for drink driving .
guilty : rooney , just seen , leaves court with friends after receiving a two-year suspended driving ban and 150 hours community service and being told to pay # 650 costs .
he was arrested at his parents ' luxury # 450,000 house in liverpool in april .
graham - who has a striking resemblance to his # 180,000-a-week superstar brother , 26 - was held in custody for more than 14 hours .
the court heard there had been a party at the house he shares with parents wayne senior and jeanette .
when the alcohol ran out there was a dispute over who should go to buy more , according to rooney 's solicitor richard derby .
the lawyer claimed the east villa player told his guests : ' i pay for everything , you 're in my house so why do n't you go and get it .
' he was arrested after officers spotted a black audi a3 driving erratically into the grounds of the property .
rooney was seen stumbling into the house and his manner alarmed the officers , who were concerned he was unfit to drive .
the court heard he became ` instantly aggressive ' , threatening to sue the police for trespassing and have them arrested .
football mad : graham , left , now plays for east villa in the liverpool county premier league , while wayne right , plays for manchester united and england .
a breath test found him to have 128mg per 100mg of alcohol in his system - more than three times