by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
04:26 est , 30 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:23 est , 30 december 2013 .
a russian hacker took over a bbc computer server before trying to sell access to the system on christmas day .
it is understood the corporation 's security team responded to the issue three days later on saturday but now believes it has secured the site .
it is not known whether the hacker stole data or caused any damage during the attack .
a hacker is understood to have taken over a computer server at the bbc and tried to sell access to the site on christmas day -lrb- pictured is the bbc 's broadcasting house , in london -rrb- .
the hacker is understood to have compromised a server that manages a password-protected website , typically used to manage the transfer of large data files over the internet .
a bbc spokesman told reuters : ` we do not comment on security issues .
' us cybersecurity firm hold security llc first identified the incident .
the company monitors underground cyber-crime forums in search of stolen information .
alex holden , hold security 's founder and chief information security officer , told reuters how the firm 's researchers spotted a notorious russian hacker , known online as ` hash ' and ` rev0lver ' attempting to sell access to the server on christmas day .
the hacker offered proof he had infiltrated the site by showing files which could only be accessed by somebody controlling it , mr holden said .
he said the firm had found no evidence any conversations led to a deal or that data was stolen from the bbc .
it is not known whether the hacker stole data or caused any damage during the attack -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
it is common for hackers to buy and sell access to compromised servers on underground forums .
hackers may use such infiltrations to gain further access to the victim organisation 's systems .
compromised servers can also be used to set up command-and-control centers for cyber-crime operations known as botnets , run spam campaigns or launch denial of service attacks to knock websites off line .
justin clarke , a principal consultant for the cybersecurity firm cylance inc , told reuters while ` hash '