by .
meghan keneally .
and louise boyle .
robert wilson committed suicide in december and now details of his will have been released , showing he left $ 2million to his assistant and millions to the executor of his will .
the 87-year-old hedge funder-turned-philanthropist 's health was deteriorating and had recently suffered a stroke which limited his mobility .
he was found dead on december 23 after having jumped from his 16th floor apartment in the historic san remo building on manhattan 's upper west side which is known for its unparalleled views of central park .
today it was revealed that in addition to environmental and educational charities , he also left his 72-year-old assistant angela riccardi $ 2million and gave an undisclosed amount to richard schneidman who was a longtime friend and put in charge of executing his will .
after taxes , mr schneidman 's gift is expected to be multiple millions .
planned : robert w. wilson deliberately gave hundreds of millions of dollars of his fortune away in the years before his death on december 23 and told friends he wanted to have it all gone when he died .
the new york daily news reported that .
the openly gay octogenarian did not leave any money to his ex-wife , who .
he divorced nearly 40 years ago .
` he .
left huge amounts of money to charity ... he was a good friend for 30 .
years .
i 'm devastated , ' mr schneidman told the daily news .
neighbor david tobey told the new york post : ` robert , for all his money , never took cabs , never took a limo .
he always took the subway .
` on the few occasions when he did grab a cab , he would usually share a cab with someone in the building .
he shared a cab with my wife and insisted that she pay half .
' wilson had a personal fortune of about $ 800million - but he recently told friends he had given all but $ 100million to charity .
he apparently could not give away the rest because it was tied up in long-term investments .
a police source told the post that he had left a suicide note which read : ' i had a rewarding life .
thank you and goodbye