a bumper crop of new potatoes has left growers in jersey with a bumper problem -- their spuds are too big for fussy british consumers .
a combination of rain , sun and mild temperatures created perfect growing conditions .
but as a result , many are larger than the ideal size of 2.5 cm to 5cm -- with some twice as big .
supermarkets are refusing to buy them and frustrated farmers are having to give tons of cast-offs to charity or leave them rotting in the fields .
waste : good growing conditions has meant this year 's crop of jersey royals have grown larger than usual .
now , piles of the potatoes are going to waste , pictured , because supermarkets wo n't by the bigger spuds .
tim ward , sales and distribution director at albert bartlett potatoes , said his firm aims to produce potatoes no bigger than 50mm in diameter .
he said any larger and customers gripe about having to slice them into pieces to cook them .
he said : ` we 're producing plenty of potatoes the right size but a good percentage have gone beyond that .
` the quality is exceptional but sadly people do n't want new potatoes the size of baking potatoes .
` there is high wastage .
some of it gets returned to fields and a small amount for dairy fodder .
there is n't a lot we can do with it .
' mr ward said the problem was being exacerbated by a huge surplus of potatoes across europe and the rest of the uk , which has also enjoyed perfect growing conditions .
the massive crop is in stark contrast to last year , when snow , frost and rain caused major delays to the jersey royal season and led to 10,000 tonnes fewer being exported .
the crop was still worth # 30m to the island in exports last year , however , in spite of the setbacks.mr ward said : ` this has been the best growing season since 1997 , when they generated 58,000 tonnes of crop .
crop : peak season for growing royals , one field ready for harvest pictured , is in may - when 1,500 tonnes of the potatoes are exported .
` it 's been incredible and there has been nothing to stop the