by .
rob cooper .
published : .
05:56 est , 7 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:06 est , 7 june 2013 .
out of favour : southampton stiker lee barnard spent time on loan at oldham athletic last season .
a premier league footballer told his tenants they would have their gas and electricity cut off if they did not leave his property within two weeks .
southampton forward lee barnard , 28 , and his fiancee tonya french who he is due to marry today , bought the 14-bedroom townhouse in chelmsford , essex recently .
barnard , the landlord , wrote to the 11 residents telling them to get out because he wants to renovate the property .
the former tottenham player offered a # 100 ` incentive ' to the .
tenants - including vulnerable people as well as those on housing and .
disability benefits - to move out quickly .
the tenants , who have individual flats in the large detached house , should legaly have been given two months to quit .
sandra .
keeble , who has been living in the property for five years , said : ` we .
are being completely bullied .
i think it is abhorrent and horrible .
` we were told to get out with our belongings but there was no chance of us finding the money within two weeks .
` nobody .
has a way to contact the new owner - we tried the number at the bottom .
of the letters but it goes straight to voicemail and no-one replies to .
the e-mails we have sent .
' a charity which helps people who have been made homeless has been helping the families look for new accommodation .
ray ellis , 52 , is on disability benefits and was shocked by the demand to leave so suddenly .
fiancée : barnard is engaged to marry model tonya french , pictured , who has posed for playboy .
he said : ' i have asked for more time to find somewhere else to go - we are not finding it easy to find an alternative .
' three of the residents have moved out since the demands were made last month .
officials from chelmsford borough council have told the residents they are legally allowed to stay .