denver marchant was the police officer in charge of the crime scene in 1965 when a dead baby was found packed and posted to darwin in the mail .
almost 50 years ago retired policeman denver marchant stood in a darwin post office , investigating the shocking case of a dead newborn baby who had been posted in the mail .
the case was never solved , but it always stayed in the back of mr marchant 's mind .
last friday , the 73-year-old who now lives in queensland returned to darwin for a rugby league reunion , and his partner marilyn booked him into a hotel on knuckey street in the city centre .
he was shocked .
it was at the exact same address of the old post office , built on top of the crime scene of one of darwin 's most notorious cold cases .
the scene unfolded on may 3 in 1965 , when postal worker john polishuk noticed a foul smell coming from a package that had been sent from ` jf barnes ' in mentone , victoria .
he opened the uncollected package , sent to ' j anderson ' , and was horrified to find a dead baby boy that still had part of his umbilical cord attached .
for mr marchant , returning to the same spot so many years later brought all his old frustrations back .
` i 've witnessed hundreds of post mortems over the years , ' he told daily mail australia .
` but for some reason that one stuck with me because it was so bizarre .
' i guess it shocked us and something like that i think is unparalleled in australia .
' he has decided to speak out for only the second time since 1965 to reveal a new detail about the case , in the hope it will inspire someone to come forward with information that will solve it .
the dead baby made headlines when it was discovered in 1965 .
melbourne and darwin police worked together to try and solve the mystery .
clippings from museum archives show the inquiry into the babies death in the 1960 's .
mr marchant said the baby boy was found with a stocking wrapped tightly around his neck , ruling out the possibility that he was stillborn .
` it was