the european union will today accuse google of illegally abusing its supremacy on the internet search market .
brussels will say that google has used its massive dominance as a search engine to divert internet users from rivals to its own services , which include youtube and the google + social network .
in one of the most high-profile competition cases of recent years , europe could fine google more than # 4 billion amid a wave of political opposition in europe to the perceived dominance of us tech companies .
google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in europe 's search engine market .
the european union will accuse google of illegally abusing its supremacy on the internet search market .
but the ruling - the result of a five-year investigation into the american search giant -- means google may ultimately have to change its business model and pay multi-billion pound fines to brussels .
margrethe vestager , the eu 's competition commissioner , will today serve the company with a formal charge sheet alleging that it breached anti-trust rules , according to the financial times .
google 's competitors , including the computer giant microsoft and sites such as travel booking firm expedia and tripadvisor , claim that its method of promoting its own companies above rivals on its search site stops them competing on a level playing field .
and in a further blow to google , the eu is also expected to probe google 's operating system for android smartphones .
the investigation will centre on whether google imposes restrictions on phone makers that force them to favour their own apps , such as youtube .
google has previously rejected the allegations , and insisted that android is an open platform that is distributed for free .
margrethe vestager , the eu 's competition commissioner , will today serve google with a formal charge sheet .
after charges are issued , google will have ten weeks to reply to brussels , according to the financial times .
they will also get the chance to argue their case in a formal hearing .
the investigation into google began in 2010 but was repeatedly delayed because the commission could not agree on settlement terms .
google offered three settlement proposals to resolve the case .
most recently , just over a year ago , it offered to