the russian web was ablaze with bizarre theories today at an extraordinary explosion seen by thousands of commuters in st petersburg .
it must have seemed like the end of the world was nigh when motorists driving along this busy motorway saw a huge flash light up the night sky on the horizon .
so far , conspiracy theories of martians and bomb-testing have emerged to explain the astonishing sight .
however , the reality was far less exciting .
scroll down for video .
the calm before the electric storm : unsuspecting motorists were driving along this motorway when the huge flash appeared on the horizon in front of them .
lit-up : this motorist 's enjoyment of john lennon came to an abrupt end when the huge flash appeared in front of them .
bright : some of the conspiracy theories which have surfaced online in russia claim the flash is the result of bomb-testing or martians .
the flash was the result of an .
explosion at an electrical power plant in st petersburg , in what was .
described as a ` technical malfunction ' by officials .
no one was hurt in .
the incident .
the amazing footage was recorded by one driver listening to john lennon as he was stuck in a traffic jam .
footage has gone viral on youtube and other blogs and social networking site , attracting a flurry of online theories from conspiracists .
` it 's .
the martians landing , ' said one comment , while several others also .
suggested a spaceship had landed on russia 's second city and former .
imperial capital .
another commenter added : ' i know precisely what this is - tests of a neutron bomb in st petersburg .
' ` it 's vladimir putin 's new bomb - watch out , ' was another version , which brought a reply : ` we did n't have such a thing under stalin .
' one claim was that it was ' a test of after-election therapy for the people ' .
different angle : the explosion was also captured on camera from another viewpoint - and a plume of smoke is seen rising from the power plant on the horizon .
armageddon ?
the shocking sight has been met with suspicion and hysteria in russia , with footage of