by .
anthony bond .
last updated at 7:33 pm on 28th october 2011 .
a chief fire officer splashed more than # 26,000 of taxpayers ' money on business class plane tickets to all corners of the globe .
lincolnshire county council 's former chief fire officer mike thomas took trips to the usa , canada , japan and new zealand to attend international search and rescue training programmes on business class tickets .
he then charged the tickets back to the council at a total cost of # 26,768 .
trips on the taxpayer : lincolnshire county council 's former chief fire officer mike thomas visited panama , reportedly travelling business class .
the figures , which were obtained by the taxpayers ' alliance , revealed the council spent more than # 42,000 in total on overseas flights for its officers between april 2009 and march this year .
tony mcardle , council chief executive , admitted mistakes had been made and steps had been taken to address them .
he said : ` around 75 per cent of these flights were booked by lincolnshire fire and rescue .
` the majority were for one individual in his work with groups aiming to improve firefighter safety at an international level .
globe-trotting : the fire chief also visited ottawa , canada , famous for its red tulips .
` regrettably , one senior fire and rescue officer often travelled at business class , contrary to the council 's rules .
` the individual concerned is no longer employed by the council and we have tightened our procedures to make sure that the rules can not be disregarded again .
` we will investigate the fire and rescue travelling arrangements and are reminding all of our staff of the need to minimise expenditure as a priority .
' on his travels , mr thomas flew to rhode island , chicago , atlanta , charlotte and south carolina in the usa , ottawa in canada , berlin in germany , panama city in panama , tokyo in japan and wellington in new zealand on a mixture of business and economy tickets .
his biggest bill was the flight to rhode island , which cost # 4,103 for a club world ticket flying with british airways .
the biggest bill the council paid however was a # 6,004 business class ticket