west bromwich albion will not sell saido berahino this window because his goals are too valuable in the club 's battle to stay up , chairman jeremy peace has insisted .
it had been thought a # 20million offer from liverpool or tottenham might see albion accept , after head coach tony pulis and technical director terry burton admitted every player has his price .
but peace has moved to reaffirm that the england under 21 striker , who has six goals in his last four games and 14 for the season , will remain at the hawthorns for the run-in .
saido berahino is set to stay at west brom , despite interest from tottenham hotspur and liverpool .
' i said in the autumn that the club had no interest in selling saido and that remains the case , ' said peace in a statement on the club 's website .
` unless tony decides otherwise , the view will surely be that he is far too important to us to consider trading .
his goals are capable of keeping us in the premier league and would be hugely difficult to replace .
' berahino has been in the spotlight over his conviction for drink-driving , while albion suspended negotiations on a new contract over concerns about his attitude .
the 21-year-old was fined for turning up late to matches .
peace said berahino has reacted well to the arrival of pulis , however .
` the club takes seriously the charges to which saido pleaded guilty and as a result he will be subject to the club 's disciplinary procedures , ' added peace .
` this unfortunate episode has been unsettling for the club generally and saido specifically .
berahino -lrb- right -rrb- played 70 minutes of west brom 's 0-0 draw at everton on monday night .
berahino has been given a driving ban for and was also fined # 3,400 .
sebastian blanco -lrb- left -rrb- and silvestre varela are both set to leave the hawthorns in january .
` what has been pleasing for everyone around the club has been the clear sign that saido has responded positively to the arrival of tony pulis and a new coaching team and is displaying clear signs of showing that where it matters most -- on the pitch .
` tony has certainly been delighted with