bt sport have made an approach to bbc 's match of the day presenter gary lineker to host their champions league football starting next season .
the inquiry about using lineker in midweek to anchor bt 's marquee sports property will come as a shock to bt 's main football presenter , jake humphrey , who was poached from the bbc and is the face of their premier league coverage .
approach : bt sport wanted bbc presenter gary lineker to host midweek champions league coverage .
however , lineker turned down the bt offer because terms and conditions could n't be agreed .
and working for the subscription channel would have meant renegotiating his bbc contract that gives the corporation exclusivity on lineker 's services to an uk audience .
but lineker , now established as one of the top tv sports presenters and ranked in the pantheon alongside david coleman and des lynam in the 50th anniversary motd documentary to be screened next friday , also has a premier league football deal with american network nbc and has done walkers crisps commercials for approaching 20 years .
meanwhile , bt are taking a big risk having new pundit paul scholes pitchside at old trafford before the game against swansea when fans chanting his name might make it difficult for his short , sharp comments to be heard .
risk : former manchester united midfielder paul scholes will be pitchside at old trafford on saturday .
it did n't go unnoticed between liverpool and manchester united players as they queued at an airport departure gate in the united states during pre-season tours that the united 767 jet was a whole lot bigger than the 747 carrying liverpool .
no wonder , when united took 130 personnel to the usa -- substantially more even than the top-heavy 88-strong england party at the world cup .
it showed how much the stature of bbc tv football commentators has diminished that the celebrity guests for the first showing of the match of the day 50th anniversary documentary included barry davies and john motson , who have a combined age of 145 .
but the pair are still far more synonymous with motd than the current crop of anonymous beeb football commentators , although guy mowbray did feature in the programme .
jacqui oatley , the first female commentator on match of the