an online campaign by woolworths has backfired spectacularly and led to accusations that the supermarket is trying to cash in on anzac day .
woolworths launched ` fresh in our memories ' last week , inviting australians to upload images to remember those who fought for their country , which it then branded with its logo and a ` fresh in our memories ' slogan .
the supermarket has since been forced to halt the campaign it was branded ` disrespectful ' and ` disgusting ' by social media users who unleashed a barrage of memes poking fun at woolworth 's attempt to embrace anzac day .
an online campaign for woolworths has caused outrage on social media .
` fresh in our memories ' was launched just last week in the lead up to the anzac centenary .
the campaign invites aussies to create a profile picture and cover photo for their facebook page , in memory of the men and women who have fought for their country .
customers took to facebook and twitter to vent their anger over the campaign .
one appalled consumer threatened to boycott the store , writing on the woolworths facebook page : ` hey woolworths , my family did not fight and die in the wars for you to hijack the anzac tradition with that tasteless promo .
take it down now please or my money 's going elsewhere .
' the campaign was branded ` disrespectful ' and ` disgusting ' supermarket customers took to facebook and twitter to vent their anger .
the supermarket has been inundated with comments like this one .
another wrote : ` your latest anzac campaign is absolutely disgusting .
trying to use the memory of our diggers for advertising is reprehensible !
pull the campaign and apologise !
' the campaign unleashed a barrage of memes with social media , with many using leading political figures such as prime minister tony abbott , kevin rudd , john howard and jacqui lambie to mock the supermarket .
a spokeswoman for woolworths told daily mail australia on tuesday night that ` fresh in our memories ' is not a marketing strategy .
` it is a website designed in consultation with the rsl for people to share their photos , stories and memories , ' she said .
` as one of australia 's largest employers