barcelona star neymar and the rest of the brazil squad have completed their final training session ahead of their clash with austria .
dunga 's side were put through their paces at the ernst happel stadium in vienna , where they will take on the european side on tuesday night in a friendly .
neymar , 22 - who was recently made captain of the national side - was heavily involved in the action as the 2014 world cup hosts prepared for their match against marcel koller 's men .
video scroll down to see how austria are preparing for brazil .
barcelona star neymar dribbles past his team-mates during their training session in vienna , austria .
the players were training at the ernst happel stadium , where they will play their friendly on tuesday night .
willian practises his kick-ups while neymar walks behind him during their session on monday night .
the five-time world cup winners endured a miserable end to the tournament back in june .
a humiliating 7-1 defeat at the hands of eventual winners germany was followed by 3-0 loss to louis van gaal 's holland in the third-place play-off .
but following former manager and captain dunga 's appointment as boss , brazil have enjoyed a revival , winning all five of their games without conceding a goal .
the victories included morale-boosting results against continental rivals argentina and colombia .
dunga will be hoping that trend continues on tuesday against the austrians , who themselves have not lost a game for over a year and are top of their euro 2016 qualifying group .
chelsea 's filipe luis , neymar and manchester city 's fernandinho take a break from training .
reports in brazil suggested that thiago silva was unhappy that the captaincy had been taken away from him .
the only player who has n't been happy with the recent circumstances surrounding the team is former captain thiago silva .
the psg defender told brazilian media he was extremely unhappy that nobody had consulted him before neymar was made captain of the side .
dunga , though , was predictably firm in his response to the central defender .
' i respect the history of each individual in the brazil team but this is my way of working , ' dunga told reporters .
` nobody loses out on anything when