a stone knife found at a prehistoric gateway into europe could force anthropologists to rewrite theories about how our human ancestors first arrived on the continent .
archaeologists discovered the sharp stone tool at an ancient site on the gediz river , to the east of izmir , on the anatolian peninsula of turkey .
they believe the quartzite tool was made around 1.2 million years ago , meaning early humans were in the area far earlier than previously believed .
archaeologists discovered the sharp stone tool at an ancient site on the gediz river , to the east of izmir , on the anatolian peninsula of turkey .
the sharp quartzite stone tool -lrb- pictured -rrb- is thought to have been shaped using a technique called hard hammer flaking .
sitting at the gateway between asia and europe , this could also mean scientists need to reassess how early humans entered europe .
the earliest human remains to be discovered so far in europe are 1.2 million-year-old bone fragments from the extinct homo antecessor at atapuerca , spain .
the spread of human ancestors has been a controversial subject and has led to competing theories of how humans evolved .
homo erectus migrated out of africa around 1.8 million years ago .
by around 500,000 years ago it had vanished from africa and much of asia and was , until now , thought to have survived in indonesia until as recently as 35,000 years ago .
early modern humans reached the region about 40,000 years ago , and so were believed to have co-existed with their ancestors .
but recent research suggests this assumption was wrong - and homo erectus disappeared long before the arrival of homo sapiens in asia .
excavations in indonesia , however , indicate that homo erectus had gone extinct at least 143,000 years ago , and perhaps more than 550,000 years ago .
another extinct species of human , called homo antecessor , is thought to have been living in atapuerca , spain , at least 1.2 million years ago .
footprints attributed to homo antecessor have also been found in happisburgh in norfolk .
however , the discovery of stone tools in western turkey could mean that another species , homo erectus , whose remains have been found at sites nearby , could have also moved into europe at around the same time