britain will be accused by 180 iraqis next week of breaching international law by torturing and killing prisoners during the controversial iraq war .
lawyers representing the group - who claim they are victims of abuse or their family members were unlawfully killed - will accuse the uk of a ` systemic ' policy of abuse committed between 2003 and 2008 .
the case - which will be heard in the high court from january 29 - will see british soldiers and intelligence officers accused of unlawful interrogation practices .
controversial : britain will be accused by 180 iraqis next week of breaching international law by torturing and killing prisoners during the controversial iraq war .
lawyers acting for the group will place a file of statements before two judges which details alleged use of ` stress positions ' and hooding as well as beating , sexual abuse and religious abuse of illegally detained prisoners .
some of the claims made in the .
statements are incredibly shocking with sexual depravity and insults to .
islam featuring strongly .
in one case , a soldier is alleged to .
have masturbated over a prisoner while another is alleged to have .
committed sodomy with his finger .
the high court will also be told how .
female interrogators stripped and feigned seduction in exchange for .
information from prisoners .
worrying : the death of baha mousa , an innocent hotel worker killed whilst in british custody in basra in 2003 , is just the tip of the iceberg , it will be claimed next week .
he is pictured with his family .
according to the observer , the court .
will hear that in some cases , the torture led to the death of a .
prisoner .
the claims come just weeks away from the 10th anniversary of the .
war in iraq .
the court .
will rule on whether the alleged abuses were isolated and were unaware .
to commanders , politicians and senior ministry of defence officials or whether they were .
authorised as policy .
the statements from the group which will .
be presented to the court were complied by human rights lawyer phil .
shiner , from the public interest lawyers group .
he held meetings with victims and their relatives - mostly in lebanon - were he heard the allegations