parts of the giant statue of former soviet leader vladimir lenin have gone on sale online after it was toppled by anti-russian demonstrators in ukraine last week .
the monument was pulled down on sunday and still lies in kharkiv 's freedom square - but parts have started to go missing .
the ear and other parts from the communist 's 30ft effigy have cropped up on vk , the russian version of facebook , and are being sold to raise funds for anti-russian forces .
scroll down for video .
the nose from lenin 's toppled statue in kharkiv , ukraine , is up for sale on the black market , as are the former soviet leader 's ear and other body parts .
the monument was pulled down by protesters on sunday night and still lies in kharkiv 's freedom square .
the ear and other parts from the communist 's 30ft effigy have cropped up on vk , the russian version of facebook , and are being sold to raise money for anti-russian forces .
vitaly kalinin claimed to have one of lenin 's large bronze ears , which he cut from the statue overnight .
he posted online : ` come and listen to the sound of change - through lenin 's ear .
' one protester was seen taking the nose , which is 14in long , 14in wide and about 10in high , the night the statue was pulled down .
a seller , only identifying himself as oleksiy , claims to have the nose and said : ` if there is anyone who says , `` i am ready , let 's say , to provide a battalion of soldiers with winter underwear and uniforms , '' then we will give him -lsb- the nose -rsb- .
` that is , if no one says , better yet , that he 's ready to provide two battalions with the things i have mentioned .
' local police - heavily criticised in russia for doing nothing to stop the statue 's destruction - have yet to open an inquiry .
protestors scaled the monument , carved ` glory to ukraine ' into it and sawed off its legs , causing it fall over , before cutting off chunks .
local police spokesman tikhon belousov said : ` there were 25,000 people in freedom square