what does douglas durst , the wealthy chairman of a multibillion-dollar family empire the durst organization fear most ?
his own potentially psychopathic brother , revealed the new york real estate heir .
douglas durst claims that robert durst would kill him if he had the chance .
robert durst has been charged with murder once and has been linked to two other murders over the past 30 years but has never once been convicted .
scroll down for video .
fears for his life : ` given the opportunity , he would kill me , yes , ' douglas durst , the wealthy chairman of a multibillion-dollar family empire the durst organization said of his brother robert .
accused murderer : real estate heir robert durst appears in a criminal courtroom for his trial on charges of trespassing on property owned by his estranged family back in 2014 .
` given the opportunity , he would kill me , yes , ' douglas durst told the new york post .
` if that makes me a pussy , then i 'm a pussy , ' he said in a rare personal interview .
in the ` the jinx : the life and deaths of robert durst , ' a six part documentary to air on hbo on sunday created by andrew jarecki , robert durst calls his brother douglas a pussy for hiring a body guard .
jarecki told a hollywood version of durst 's story in the 2010 film that starred ryan gosling , ` all good things .
' a week before the film 's release , durst called and said he wanted to see it .
apparently impressed , durst agreed to be interviewed about his life by jarecki and partner marc smerling .
robert also claims in the documentary that he believes his brother was unfairly made the head of the family 's real estate empire in 1994 because he was the ` favorite brother .
' filmmaker : filmmaker andrew jarecki attends the hbo documentary series premiere of ` the jinx : the life and deaths of robert durst ' at the time warner building in new york .
threatening : robert durst , pictured in 2014 , who was questioned about but never charged with several mysterious deaths and disappearances , is accused of violating the terms of his brother 's restraining order