republicans were n't just big winners in the u.s. senate races on tuesday , as they also scored some major victories in the gubernatorial races .
no victory was a bigger upset however than that of larry hogan , the businessman who managed to defeat lieutenant governor anthony brown to become the next governor of maryland .
this despite the fact that brown got support from some heavy hitters in the democratic party , including hillary clinton and michelle obama - who stumped for the candidate just one day before the election .
scroll down for video .
big name support : maryland lieutenant governor anthony brown received support from first lady michelle obama -lrb- above -rrb- a day before the election .
more big names : brown also got hillary clinton to stump for him last thursday -lrb- above -rrb- , but still lost to businessman larry hogan .
huge victory : hogan 's win was big for the republicans , and he got support in his run from some of the biggest names in the party , like new jersey governor chris christie -lrb- above -rrb- .
not to be outdone , hogan got a visit from new jersey governor chris christie , who supported him at a campaign event last week .
the race was one of the closest of the night , with brown eventually conceding just after midnight .
brown 's loss is likely a very hard pill for the state 's current governor , martin o'malley , to swallow , as he will be handing over the keys to the governor 's mansion to a republican for just the second time in 40 years .
thumbs up : hogan celebrates with his supporters following his victory .
down and out : a dejected brown gets ready to deliver his concession speech .
in other gubernatorial races , wendy davis ' dream of becoming texas governor went up in flames as she was trounced by greg abbot .
an emotional davis told her supporters to never give up and keep fighting in her teary-eyed concession speech .
in another closely watched race , republican scott walker defeated democrat mary burke in wisconsin .
comforting hand : wendy davis was emotional and comforted by her daughter dru -lrb- above -rrb- after losing her bid to become governor of texas .
no help : mary burke also