despite the best efforts of cristiano ronaldo and co , style , says photographer giuseppe santamaria , is about much more than owning the latest trainers or an expensive suit .
instead , he says , it 's all about expression and staying true to yourself .
if that sounds baffling , then the street style specialist 's new book , men in this town , ought to help .
packed with glossy photos of sydney , london , milan and new york 's most stylish men , the dapper gents pictured have little in common with ronaldo and his wardrobe of garish gucci .
scroll down for video .
a tale of two cities : a stylish new yorker in a homburg -lrb- left -rrb- while a londoner offers a modern twist on tradition .
instead , there 's the new york businessman in grey tweed , a brown fedora , stylish sunnies and a natty pocket square , and the east london hipster who manages to make an eye-wateringly bright pair of mustard cords and a patterned shirt look achingly cool .
others are dapper in classic homburg hats and trench coats , neat striped blazers and cream chinos and even , in one case , manage to breathe new life into the well-worn pale blue shirt and jeans combo .
there 's little to tie the men together , apart , that is , from confidence .
` the main thing that catches my eye when .
i 'm out taking photos is confidence , ' adds santamaria .
` it 's in how someone holds .
themselves when they think nobody is looking .
if you got that , you 'll .
stand out on the street , even if you 're not trying to .
' time for a makeover : cristiano ronaldo 's blingy approach to dressing is proof that money ca n't buy style .
makeover : the traditional jeans and cotton shirt combo is given an overhaul by this pair of dapper gents .
but style , of the fashionable kind , is something that santamaria knows well .
born in toronto , the photographer and art director lived in new york before moving to sydney and has worked on campaigns for nespresso and peroni , as well as on editorial features for gq australia and many more .
as a result