a rare , jewel-encrusted cartier brooch bought in a box of costume jewellery at a flea market for # 38 has sold at auction for # 10,800 .
the gold brooch , which is covered in emeralds , sapphires and diamonds and a ruby , was discovered by an anonymous shopper at a table-top sale in staffordshire in august .
it went under the hammer on friday , selling for more than double its guide price of # 5,000 after interest from around the world .
bargain : the tiny pin , which is made of a ruby , emeralds , sapphires and diamonds , was found at a flea market in staffordshire by an anonymous seller in august .
the art deco ` tutti-frutti ' jabot brooch has a carved ruby mounted as a flower , with blue sapphires and green emeralds interlinked between diamonds .
the engraving ` carter , london ' is hidden on the side .
collectors from paris , usa and the united arab emirates were all after the ` flavour of the month ' jewellery item , although the successful bidder has chosen to remain anonymous .
hansons auctioneers , in etwall , derbyshire , who held the auction , said it was a ` real rarity ' to come across such a brooch .
collectors from around the world were interested in the rare 1930s cartier brooch , which sold for # 10,800 - more than double its guide price .
hansons head of jewellery , isabel murtough , said : ` although we have sold such high-value jewels in the past , the brooch is such an iconic representation of cartier 's craftsmanship in the art deco period , it was an absolute privilege to be selling it .
` despite all the television shows , it just goes to show what can still be uncovered at jumble sales , flea markets and even car boot sales .
although bargains may not be so frequent today , such exciting finds are still clearly out there .
` it 's is a fascinating find and a real rarity to uncover .
' she added that the pin was crafted in high-carat gold , and was expected to sell for between # 5,000 and # 8,000 , .
the pin eventually sold for far more - # 10,800 - 284 times higher than the