by .
associated press reporter .
stephen king , nora roberts and robert caro are among the hundreds of authors who have added their names to an online letter criticizing amazon.com for restricting access to works published by hachette book group .
the letter , initiated by hachette author douglas preston , urged amazon to resolve its standoff with hachette over e-book prices and other issues .
readers were asked to email amazon ceo jeff bezos at jeff@amazon.com and ` tell him what you think .
' stephen king -lrb- pictured in 2013 -rrb- is among the hundreds of authors who have added their names to an online letter criticizing amazon.com for restricting access to work .
should amazon.com have the right to restrict access to specific authors ?
amazon has slowed delivery on books by preston and other hachette authors , limited discounts and removed pre-order tags for upcoming releases .
other authors endorsing the letter , which appears on this statement to readers , include james patterson , andrew solomon and scott turow .
the letter reads : ` amazon is involved in a commercial dispute with the book publisher hachette , which owns little brown , grand central publishing and other familiar imprints .
` these sorts of disputes happen all the time between companies and they are usually resolved in a corporate back room .
` but .
in this case , amazon has done something unusual .
it has directly .
targeted hachette 's authors in an effort to force their publisher to .
agree to its terms .
' -lsb- full letter reads below -rsb- .
some on the list are hachette writers , but many are published by rival companies .
hachette book group 's exhibition at bookexpo america , the annual industry convention in new york , pictured in may this year .
a letter to our readers : .
amazon is involved in a commercial dispute with the book publisher hachette , whichowns little brown , grand central publishing , and other familiar imprints .
these sorts of disputes happen all the time between companies and they are usually resolved in acorporate back room .
but in this case , amazon has done something unusual .
it has directly targeted hachette 's authors in an effort to force their publisher to agree to its terms .
for the past month ,