by .
victoria woollaston .
dressing more casually in the office may be frowned upon in many workplaces , but it could actually be helping to tackle climate change .
researchers from lancaster university found that as more people wear hoodies , jeans and warmer clothes , offices no longer need to be heated to the same levels they used to be .
by reducing office temperatures , it will reduce the amount of energy that is wasted , and have a positive effect on co2 emissions , and ultimately , global climates .
researchers claim workplaces are too warm .
office temperatures are designed for people wearing suits but as fewer people wear suits , and dress more casually in jeans and hoodies , stock image pictured , offices no longer need to be heated to the same levels .
reducing temperatures will help tackle climate change .
most people expect normal room .
temperature to be about 22 °c and around half the .
energy used in buildings is used to maintain this temperature .
this temperature comes from professor povl ole fanger 's thermal comfort equation from 1970 .
professor fanger , .
a danish engineer , developed a method for working out how much heating .
and cooling would be required to keep people ` comfortable ' within .
buildings .
to come to this .
conclusion , fanger made assumptions about what people wore .
fanger 's equation refers to a unit called the ` clo ' , first developed in 1941 .
the .
clo represents the insulation value of clothing and a man 's lightweight business suit , for example , is the .
equivalent to one clo .
` standard .
room temperatures suppose standard clothing - and by default , buildings .
are designed for people wearing suits , ' said professor elizabeth shove .
the demand research centre , based at the university , said people should be adjusting their dress codes both at work and at home , rather than the dials on their heating systems , to combat rising global temperatures .
currently , heating and cooling systems in the office and at home are designed to provide ` comfortable ' conditions for people wearing lightweight clothing , such as suits .
as more people wear casual , thicker clothing , these buildings need less energy .
`