a pharmacist who oversaw the sterile clean rooms at a massachusetts facility responsible for a deadly meningitis outbreak was arrested today as he was about to board a flight for hong kong .
glenn adam chin , 46 , a former supervisory pharmacist at the new england compounding center , did n't properly sterilize or test equipment and concealed the unsafe practices , federal investigators said .
the pharmacy , which custom-mixed medications in bulk , has been blamed for a 2012 outbreak of fungal meningitis that killed 64 people .
glenn adam chin , 46 , who was supervisory pharmacist at the new england compounding center responsible for the 2012 deadly meningitis outbreak , was arrested thursday .
new england compounding center -lrb- necc -rrb- , a producer of the steroid methylprednisolone acetate , is seen in framingham , massachusetts october 8 , 2012 .
about 750 people in 20 states developed meningitis -- an inflammation of the lining of the brain and spinal cord -- or other infections .
michigan , tennessee and indiana were hit the hardest .
mr chin , from canton , was arrested at logan international airport .
he was charged with one count of mail fraud , but federal prosecutors said it is part of a larger criminal investigation of chin and others .
he is the first person to be charged in the inquiry .
chin 's attorney , paul shaw , said his client was at the airport with his family because he planned to attend a wedding in his wife 's native hong kong , not to flee the country .
he said chin would plead not guilty .
` this was a publicity stunt , ' shaw said of the arrest .
prosecutors said chin supervised the clean rooms and was involved in compounding the contaminated methylprednisolone acetate , or mpa , that caused the outbreak .
an affidavit filed in us district court alleges that chin participated in a scheme to fraudulently cause one lot of mpa to be labeled as injectable , meaning that it was sterile and fit for human use .
the lot was shipped to michigan pain specialists in brighton , michigan .
in the nick of time : chin , 46 , was taken into custody at logan international airport in boston just before he boarded a flight to hong kong .
chin