by .
daily mail reporter .
ed miliband yesterday became the first labour leader since neil kinnock to address the traditional durham miners ' gala .
his appearance at the event - billed as the largest remaining working class demonstration in the country - has been warmly welcomed by local trade unionists and party activists .
but the conservatives said he was ` cosying up ' to labour 's left-wing union paymasters who secured the leadership for him .
labour 's return : ed miliband holds son daniel as he greets crowds on the balcony of county hall , durham .
an estimated 100,000 people attended the gala , also known as the big meeting .
mr miliband took to the balcony of the county hotel as labour leaders of the past have done for decades , watching some of the 80 or so miners ' banners and around 50 brass bands parade past .
afterwards he addressed the large crowd on the old racecourse , where he hit out at the bankers , rupert murdoch and ` the rip-off ' of britain 's energy companies .
he listed some of the labour heroes who have spoken before him at past galas , including keir hardie , clement attlee , harold wilson and barbara castle .
` i am proud to follow in their footsteps , ' he said .
` i am proud to be here today .
' throng : mr miliband speaks to a crowd of around 100,000 trade union and other activists in durham yesterday .
support : miliband waves to miners as they head towards the durham miners ' gala on the old racecourse .
tradition : durham miners make their way towards the durham miners ' gala on the old racecourse .
afterwards , he denied he had taken an electoral risk .
he said : ` the stakes are so high in this country .
` if you are someone who is looking for work , whose living standards have been squeezed , or someone worried about the nhs you 're not thinking why 's ed miliband going to the durham miners ' gala , you are thinking what can ed miliband do for me .
' mr kinnock was the last labour leader to attend in 1989 , even though tony blair 's sedgefield constituency was part of the durham coalfield .