amanda holden sacked her closest aide in a fit of fury after a picture of her nine-year-old daughter apparently dressed as the prostitute from pretty woman emerged online , it was claimed today .
the britain 's got talent star was allegedly terrified that the photograph - which the 44-year-old wanted erased from the internet - would damage her career and blamed her adviser of 20 years .
a picture of lexi in a strapless red dress was posted on her official twitter account on february 13 with the caption : ' 1990 's day at lexi 's school today .
julia roberts `` pretty woman '' .
' ms holden then blamed her husband chris hughes for the publishing the picture and denied the schoolgirl was dressing as fictional prostitute vivian .
scroll down for video .
row : amanda holden sacked an aide after a picture of her eldest daughter lexi with the caption : ' 1990 's day at lexi 's school today .
julia roberts `` pretty woman '' was posted on twitter by her hsuband .
the inspiration : amanda 's daughter wore a similar outfit to that of julia roberts ' character vivian but amanda later denied this was what she was aping .
ms holden was apparently worried about what the picture might do for her career because she will be leaving britain 's got talent and is looking for new opportunities .
she reportedly blamed her aide of 20 years for her handling of the situation after the photograph was published , and is now being represented by one direction 's team .
a source told the sun : ` as far as amanda is concerned , this slip-up came at exactly the wrong time and she is really worried it will affect her career .
` when amanda realised how bad the fall-out was , she was absolutely furious and since then , she and her aide -- who she has been with for years -- have not been working together .
` she blamed her for not handling the situation properly ' .
when the picture was released ms holden threatened media outlets with legal action in an attempt to erase it from the internet .
her aide reportedly infuriated her by referring her to her lawyer who said : ` once the photo was out there , it was