the ` never ending pasta pass ' card from olive garden not only promised weeks of unlimited pasta , but a look into why the chain is fighting to hold onto customers .
the italian-themed chain sold the $ 100 card last month that allowed 1,000 people to dine on endless pasta , breadsticks , soup and salad for 49 days .
the passes sold out in less than an hour , with some turning up on ebay for hundreds of dollars .
it was a successful publicity stunt for olive garden 's parent company , darden restaurants .
but the company 's troubles are n't over : it 's fighting to hold onto customers , with sales at its flagship chain declining for each of the past three years .
and a hedge fund last month sent shareholders a 294-page treatise criticizing darden 's management as part of a push to take control of the board at the company 's annual meeting on friday .
this image provided by darden restaurants shows olive garden 's ¿ never ending pasta pass .
' the italian-themed chain had just announced to let 1,000 people pay $ 100 for the pass that gave them unprecedented free reign to its pasta .
the passes sold out less than an hour after they went on sale online .
-lrb- ap photo/darden restaurants -rrb- .
darden says it 's making changes to turn around business .
that includes modernizing its menu with ` small plates ' like crispy risotto bites and updating its marketing .
to get a firsthand look at olive garden 's troubles , i paid for a pasta pass .
i mostly enjoyed my meals , but the reactions of my companions shed some light on why the chain is struggling .
some think the menu is overwhelming and the service is slow .
others feel bad about eating all the empty calories .
and one colleague who ordered the meat lasagna said : ' i can make this at home .
' the food .
olive garden has become a punchline in some circles that do n't see it as serving authentic italian food .
one night , i asked my fellow diners what they thought about the criticism .
eric mcgarvey , 40 , said he considers olive garden 's food to be ` american italian ' and likes the