by .
vanessa allen .
a sick toddler died in hospital after he was denied a potentially life-saving test because it was ` not normally done ' at weekends , an inquest heard yesterday .
doctors did not give two-year-old dylan brown a test for heart disease .
they said he showed no symptoms of heart failure and they believed he was suffering from a virus .
but the toddler later died after suffering three cardiac arrests in hospital .
dylan brown died in hillingdon hospital -lrb- pictured -rrb- , uxbridge , west london , on may 13 last year after suffering three cardiac arrests .
an expert said his treatment would have been different if the echocardiogram -lrb- ecg -rrb- test had been given .
it would have revealed dylan 's underlying heart problem and would have meant he was given a different drug .
but his consultant paediatrician , dr .
nagi barakat , told the inquest the test ` was not done because it was the .
weekend and they are not normally done at the weekend ' .
and dr shankar sridharan , the heart .
specialist who said dylan 's treatment would have been different if the .
ecg had been given , also said there was no clinical evidence at the time .
to suggest the toddler needed this test .
coroner lorna tagliavini said .
hillingdon hospital in uxbridge , west london , had not failed and said .
dylan was treated ` appropriately ' .
as attempts were made to resuscitate the toddler , his parents were not allowed into the room with him .
but his family said ` big mistakes ' were made and blamed out-of-hours shortages .
after the inquest , his .
grandfather , who asked not to be named , said : ` the whole nhs just closes .
up shop at 5pm on friday and does n't open up again until monday .
morning .
it is disgraceful : do n't get sick at the weekend .
dylan was admitted to hillingdon hospital with breathing difficulties and cold-like symptoms on wednesday , may 9 last year .
he was vomiting and his heart was .
beating quickly but staff thought he was suffering from a virus and did .
not give him an ecg test , which uses soundwaves to create a picture of .
the