west brom head coach alan irvine has warned potential suitors saido berahino is worth more than # 15million .
the red-hot striker is the top scoring englishman in the barclays premier league with five goals and helped fire england under 21s to euro 2015 this month .
tottenham had been linked with a # 15million move but irvine dismissed the amount - insisting berahino would cost much more in today 's market .
west brom striker saido berahino helped fire england under 21s to euro 2015 this month .
` it does n't sound a lot .
i would be absolutely astonished if anyone could sign saido from us for # 15million , ' he said .
` you look at some of the fees going around in the transfer market that 's just been , everybody seems to start at # 7million .
` ross mccormack went for # 11million championship to championship .
what the right figure is i have absolutely no idea and i would n't make the decision as far as that was concerned .
` but # 15million does n't sound like a lot of money for a talented , young , english player with great potential who is playing really , really well in the premier league at the moment and who is scoring goals .
it would have to be higher than that .
saido berahino scores penalty for england during under 21 playoff match against croatia .
` it was a seller 's market in this particular transfer window .
we know as we kept going to try to buy people and we realised how difficult that was .
' irvine would not welcome any offers but believes berahino can handle any speculation and it will not harm his performances .
' i have had a few conversations with him where it 's been a case of ` you keep doing what you are doing and everything will happen for you ' , ' he said , ahead of monday 's visit of manchester united .
` but he is going to have to deal with that speculation .
i do n't think there are any alarm bells ringing for me at this particular time and if i saw a change in behaviour or anything like that i would probably have a little word with him .
' saido berahino is the