by .
michael zennie .
and associated press reporter .
published : .
11:27 est , 7 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
02:39 est , 8 march 2014 .
a detroit house that was turned into an art installation has been burned to the ground - the sixth home in the beloved heidelberg project to be attacked by arsonists since may .
the home , called ` party animal ' or ` doll house ' was adorned with stuffed animals and dolls by artist tyree guyton , who has been decorating vacant homes in run-down neighborhoods of the decaying city since 1986 .
arson investigator lieutenant joseph crandall says crews responded at 3am friday to the blaze that ultimately burned the house to the ground .
burned to the ground : the ` party animal house ' is pictured in november .
arson is suspected in the fire that destroyed it friday .
nothing left : only the foundation of the house now remains after a raging inferno engulfed it early friday .
the wood-frame house was quickly .
engulfed in flames and firefighters said there was nothing they could do .
to save it by the time they arrived .
no injuries were reported in the fire , but a house next door was damaged .
the heidelberg project homes have become a city landmark , visited by residents and tourists alike , who visit the art exhibition that sprawls across a neighborhood on detroit 's east side , according to the detroit news .
each house is a different theme and all of them are decorated by found objects .
not everyone likes the project .
since may , seven heidelberg homes have been hit by eight different fires .
counting friday 's doll house , six have burned to the ground .
tragic : artist tyree guyton , seen here in november when ` house of soul ' burned down , is working to revitalize his detroit neighborhood with the heidelberg project .
another casualty : ` house of soul ' burned down in november .
detroit police and the bureau of alcohol , tobacco , firearms and explosives believe arson is to blame in all of the fires .
the first house hit was ` obstruction of justice ' last may .
then in november , ` house of soul , ' `