a history of london in maps - from shakespeare 's birth to today - reveals the capital 's changing landscape over 450 years and how many were designed to show what the population ate or if they were ` vicious criminals ' rather than helping people find their way .
the new exhibition , ` mapping london ' , contains the oldest existing original map of london from 1572 , designed with bright colours and a boat-filled thames to ` uplift the spirit ' of armchair travellers rather than help give directions .
one from 1655 says it ` is a ready helpe or guide to direct countrey-men and strangers to finde the nearest way from one place to another ' and renamed streets like bow street in central london ` theeving lane ' because of its high density of pickpockets .
scroll down for video .
1572 : this magnificent plan , believed to be the oldest original of london in existence , was published by braun and hogenberg .
in it london is depicted in birds-eye view from the south looking north .
four figures in traditional tudor dress alongside latin that says the capital is ` famed amongst many peoples for its commerce , adorned with houses and churches , distinguished by fortifications , famed for men of all arts and sciences , and lastly for its wealth in all things ' 1799 : richard horwood 's map was produced for use by the phoenix fire office , an insurance firm .
it was the largest map ever printed in britain at the time , and the first attempt to produce a map of london with all of the houses delineated and numbered .
it was plotted to show which buildings had the greatest fire risk .
1922 : macdonald gill 's large london underground map says : ` in the heat of the summer we will find me cool , in the cool of the winter will find me warm , come down underground you 've bought you your ticket ?
your health man i 'm thinking no longer twill stick it .
for cheapness , celerity what else can compare .
you are fed up above , feed below on our fare ' .
the coats of arms are of the eight principal london boroughs and a rabbit for london underground , which he joke