by .
associated press .
published : .
11:51 est , 6 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:17 est , 6 october 2013 .
unprotected : 58-year-old theresa anderson was arrested last year for running a crack-cocaine business out of her family 's multiple homes on the same street in buffalo , new york .
without her , neighbors say the street has become dangerous .
for a dozen years , theresa anderson was the queen of deshler street .
the unassuming woman owned five small wooden houses along the poor side street , filling them with her children , grandchildren and other relatives who kept their lots tidy , watched out for trouble and pitched in with the family business .
that the family business was selling crack cocaine at all hours of the day and night did n't seem to matter to some of the neighbors , who say their little street on buffalo 's impoverished east side has actually gotten less secure since swat teams stormed in and shut down anderson 's drug operation last year .
' i miss theresa , i really do , ' said debra walker , who has lived on deshler for more than nine years .
when anderson was in control , ' i actually felt safer .
now my place has been broken into .
' the 58-year-old anderson , who is set to be sentenced this week to up to 17 1/2 years for conspiracy , was notable for her ordinary appearance .
prosecutors say that 's part of what made her an insidious criminal .
and neighbors say that 's part of why she and her family are remembered more for being valued neighbors than being drug peddlers .
plywood now covers the windows of anderson 's houses , some of which sit side-by-side among the street 's 20 occupied homes and overgrown vacant lots , giving deshler street even more a feel of abandonment .
neighbor deanna gresko said prostitutes and their johns have now invaded the street , something that did n't happen when anderson and her family were around .
` there was people here .
there was people watching , ' gresko said , adding that anderson ` was n't a gang-banger drug dealer who would threaten you .
' anderson had no reason not to be nice to those who did