as family infighting continues , bobby brown has visited his stricken daughter bobbi kristina in hospital .
on monday , as the 22-year-old 's loved ones were split over whether she had awoken from her coma as her father had claimed , the 46-year-old signer spent time at the dekalb medical center in decatur , georgia , where his daughter is being cared for .
the daughter of whitney houston was recently moved from emory university hospital - where she had been treated since being found unresponsive on january 31 - so she could be provided with long term care .
scroll down for video .
continued dedication : as family infighting continues , bobby brown visited his stricken daughter bobbi kristina at the dekalb medical center in decatur , georgia , on monday .
while over the weekend bobby claimed his daughter was awake , her maternal grandmother cissy houston clarified to people on monday that her granddaughter ` is no longer in a medically induced coma ' but is not awake nor expected to ever fully recover .
despite this , bobby looked in good spirits as he visited his daughter flanked by friends and family members .
the new edition frontman took time out with one of the medical staff , who spent some time talking to him outside of the hospital .
` she 's watching me ' : bobby brown shocked fans on saturday by revealing that ` bobbi is awake , ' during a dallas concert on saturday .
fight for her life : bobbi kristina was found unconscious on january 31 -lrb- pictured in october 2012 -rrb- .
the hospital staff member , appeared to be doing most of the talking as bobbi listened .
after their chat , the musician gave the woman a big hug before sparking up a cigarette and pacing outside of the hospital .
bobby , shocked fans on saturday by revealing that ` bobbi is awake , ' during a dallas concert on saturday .
and on monday , the former new edition hitmaker released an official statement about his child writing : ` bobbi kristina 's condition has changed and there has been improvement .
' looking for answers : the new edition frontman -lrb- front right -rrb- took time out with one of the medical staff , who spent some time talking to him outside