defying the ban : south carolina 's state education superintendent molly spearman has lifted a complete ban on selling unhealthy snacks in schools .
south carolina schools have partially lifted a ban on junk food in defiance of rules championed by first lady michelle obama .
state education superintendent molly spearman has lifted a complete ban on selling unhealthy snacks in schools .
some sales can take place for certain , approved fundraisers , multiple media outlets reported sunday .
the prohibition started last july under the smart snacks provision of the healthy , hunger-free kids act of 2010 .
districts protested the ban , saying it hampered the ability of volunteer groups to raise money for activities like field trips .
schools must apply for a waiver to allow snacks that do n't meet low-sodium , low-sugar , low-fat limits to be sold in schools on certain days .
' i am pleased to issue guidance today allowing schools to hold a limited number of fundraisers exempt from the federal smart snacks rules , ' spearman wrote in a memo obtained by the spartanburg herald journal .
` the flexibility enables local decision-making , rather than forcing us to follow mandates from the federal government .
schools now have clear , common-sense guidelines in place that will benefit students and local communities .
' spearman 's plan will , in its first year , give schools around 90 days during which they may sell candy and other junk food for fundraisers .
the second year , they 'll be allowed closer to 60 days .
the third , they be allowed to sell the non-compliant food around 30 days .
south carolina is among 19 states that grant exemptions to the .
this summer , mrs. obama said she would fight ` until the bitter end ' to make sure kids have good nutrition in schools .
south carolina 's lifting of the ban -- which the state says will allow ` fundraisers ' that include junk food a certain number of schools days per year -- comes as part of a backlash against the michelle obama-backed healthy , hunger-free kids act of 2010 .
while many schools have implemented the new standards successfully , others have said it 's not working for them .
the schools pushing for changes say limits on sodium and requirements for more whole