a teenager has been charged over the death of a schoolgirl who was hit by a car as she walked to school with her friends .
liberty baker , 14 , was fatally injured as she walked to school in witney , oxfordshire with two other girls in june earlier this year .
today , police confirmed that 19-year-old robert blackwell of bampton in oxfordshire , had been charged with one count of causing death by dangerous driving and one count of causing serious injury by dangerous driving .
liberty baker , 14 , who was killed by a car as she walked to school with friends in oxfordshire earlier this year .
the 14-year-old was on her way to henry box school in witney , where she was a year 9 pupil , when she was hit .
he was released on bail and is set to appear at banbury magistrates ' court on november 24 .
liberty was hit by a by a blue citroen c2 around a mile from the 1,400 pupil henry box school academy secondary school .
despite efforts to save her , the popular pupil -- whose father is a businessman and mother an oxford university employee -- was pronounced dead soon after being taken to hospital .
friends mercy greaney and bronte moulder , both 14 , were also knocked down as they walked with her to the school at 8am and were treated in hospital for minor injuries .
police investigating the crash scene at the time of the incident .
today , 19-year-old robert blackwell was charged with one count of causing death by dangerous driving and one count of causing serious injury by dangerous driving .
police tow a blue citroen c2 away from the scene , which they believe struck liberty and also left two of her friends with minor injuries .
a 40-year-old man who was walking nearby was also hit and suffered a broken hip .
at the time of the incident , prime minister david cameron , who is the mp for witney , expressed his condolences on twitter .
meanwhile , sophie hicks , 14 , a friend of the three victims , said she usually accompanied the girls but had stayed at home yesterday because she was ill .
she said of liberty : ` she was one of my best friends .
it