some may associate old trafford more with prawn sandwich eaters than hearty singers , but this weekend 's premier league action appears to show that those inside manchester united 's stadium know how to belt out a song better than most .
in the wake of chelsea boss jose mourinho saying he felt his side had been ` playing in an empty stadium ' last weekend , debate has raged about possible reasons behind any crowd apathy .
ticket prices have been put forward as mitigation , as have all-seater stadiums and a growing number of day-trippers to grounds .
manchester united fans at the stretford end of old trafford make their voices heard at the stadium .
in a bid to try and see if mourinho 's words were true of other premier league grounds , press association sport armed its reporters with a the ` sound meter ' smartphone application which would attempt to record decibel levels at this weekend 's games .
while this level of research can in no way be considered scientific and is nothing more than a rough guide , it does indicate that united and crystal palace fans made more of a din than any others by as many as six decibels , although for balance there were 30,000 more fans there than anywhere else .
in the interests of fairness , all samples were taken from kick-off to the 60-second mark , the highest recorded point has been used and , as no goals were scored in this period , the decibel levels can be considered to have been generated in similar circumstances .
chelsea manager jose mourinho recently criticised blues fans for the lack of atmosphere at stamford bridge .
the recordings will be repeated at the next round of premier league games in order to gather readings from every ground .
here are the results , with accompanying reference points from our reporters .
manchester united v crystal palace , old trafford -lrb- attendance 75,325 -rrb- .
decibel level -lrb- out of 120 -rrb- 84 : ` it was loud inside old trafford at the time , with plenty of the noise also coming from the palace fans ' - paul hirst , chief football reporter .
southampton v leicester -lrb- 31,297 -rrb- .
decibel level 78 : ` the opening minute did not drop below 72 and peaked at