by .
travelmail reporter .
it is supposedly the next great technological leap forward that will carry us all into a brighter tomorrow -- the ` wearable computer ' that will revolutionise our daily lives .
but will google glass be able to tell us if our flight is running late , whether there are traffic delays on the way to the airport , and where our lost bags have ended up ?
faces of the future : staff at copenhagen airport try google glass devices for size .
they may well if the airline industry follows the example set by copenhagen airport .
the main transport hub in the danish capital has stepped into the future after becoming the first airport in the world to equip its staff with google glass .
the experiment was conducted earlier this month , and declared a success by the airport 's operational team , who found that it assisted in the job of looking after the 62,000 passengers who pass through the complex 's four terminals every day .
` the feedback from our passengers and service team has been overwhelmingly positive , ' says the airport 's marie-louise lotz .
` we found google glass very easy to use , and more user-friendly than other devices such as tablets .
` we can reduce the amount of paper our managers need to carry , such as duty rosters , desk allocation sheets , peak prognosis , passenger numbers and cruise arrivals .
` and because the devices are hands-free , our managers are not focusing on a screen and can engage better with our passengers .
' a leap forward , maybe : reaction to the devices among passengers varied according to age group .
the devices are not yet available for passengers to use , but the airport hopes that they will be introduced on a wider basis at some point in the future -- although there were also concerns about certain shortcomings in the technology .
` the devices need improved scanning capability , battery life and reduced heating during operation , ' says jim peters of sita , a technology firm which works with the air industry .
` but the potential for widespread usage in the air transport industry is great .
` sita will continue testing and researching the best ways for this innovative technology to