by .
margot peppers .
published : .
10:08 est , 21 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:08 est , 21 june 2013 .
the authoritarian style of parenting championed by chinese-american author amy chua in her 2011 book , battle hymn of the tiger mother , may do more harm than good , according to a new study .
researchers from the university of california , berkeley , studied more than 250 chinese-american immigrant families in the san francisco area , conducting interviews , parent-child interaction activities and academic assessments of the children over two years .
the team , led by assistant professor of psychology , qing zhou , found that tiger parents rear children with ` more .
aggression , depression , anxiety and social problems .
' tough love : according to a new study , tiger moms - who follow a strict , authoritarian style of parenting - cause their children to be more depressed , anxious and aggressive than their peers .
their research , which looked at how often parents verbally criticized their children or made them do things without explanation , also found that these children had ` poorer social skills ' than their peers .
now , according to cbs news , the team conducts workshops to help divorced chinese-american mothers learn to use ` positive parenting strategies ' , like one-on-one ` fun time ' with their children .
ms zhou says many mothers are initially unfamiliar with this ` western ' way of parenting , but that they soon find that it leads to ` positive changes in their relationships ' .
san francisco-based chinese-american .
writer kim wong keltner says she will raise her children in a more .
lenient way , since her own tiger mom upbringing was like an 'em otional .
jail ' .
tiger mother : amy chua 's 2011 book championed the high-pressure style of parenting that pushes children to succeed .
in her book , tiger babies strike back , which serves as a rebuttal to tiger moms , she explains that asian-american children are overly-pressured to succeed .
consequently , they are too scared to explore their creative sides or do anything rebellious , which means they often lack certain social skills as they get older .
` you have no outlet to be weird , ' she