an experimental cancer drug axed over poor results may have the ability to reverse the effects of alzheimer 's , experts have revealed .
the drug was developed by the british pharmaceutical giant astra zeneca with the original aim of treating certain types of tumour , but was shelved after it proved ineffective .
scientists at yale university in connecticut in the us have revealed how the treatment , called azdo5030 , restored memory in mice given alzheimer 's disease .
an experimental cancer drug axed over poor results may have the ability to reverse the effects of alzheimer 's , experts have revealed -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
the drug worked by blocking a process that breaks nerve connections in the brain used to store memory .
researchers say the study has led to the launch of human trials to test the efficacy of the drug in alzheimer 's patients .
stephen strittmatter , the author of the report , published in annals of neurology , said : ` with this treatment , cells under bombardment by beta amyloid plaques show restored synaptic connections and reduced inflammation , and the animal 's memory , which was lost during the course of the disease , comes back .
the study was funded by the national institutes of health which launched a programme to test failed drugs on different diseases .
mr strittmatter and his co-author christopher van dyck have already started a ` multi-site clinical trial ' to determine whether the drug can also benefit alzheimer 's patients .
according to the alzheimer 's society , there are 850,000 people with dementia in britain - a figure that includes 40,000 younger people .
the charity estimates that 60,000 deaths are attributable to dementia every year and that there will be one million people with the disease in the uk by 2025 .
it reports that the financial cost of dementia to the uk is # 26billion a year .
the daily express reports the charity 's head of research dr james pickett as giving the latest treatment a cautious welcome .
he said : ` drug development can take decades , so repurposing pre-existing drugs for dementia is a promising avenue to find new treatments as they have been shown to be safe to use in people and can lead to clinical trials sooner .
` as we learn more