tragic : anne jackson , 79 , was found with knife wounds to her chest and neck .
a renowned poet was allegedly stabbed to death by her stepson at her picturesque country farm in south wales , an inquest heard today .
writer anne jackson , 79 , was found with knife wounds to her chest and neck and her stepson timothy jackson , 48 , has been arrested and charged with her murder .
mrs jackson , who used the name anne cluysenaar to write , also worked as a teacher and university lecturer .
she was killed on november 1 - just one day after celebrating her 39th wedding anniversary with her husband walt .
coroner 's officer david arnold told the inquest : ` on arrival officers located the body of a female in the living room area of the property .
` life was pronounced extinct at the scene by paramedics .
a post mortem examination found the cause of death to be stab wounds to the chest and neck .
' belgium-born mrs jackson came to britain after her family fled the nazis during world war two .
she started writing poetry as an eight-year-old - and went on to write hundreds of poems in her life .
she had also lectured in literature and linguistics at universities across the country including manchester , dublin and aberdeen .
the poet had moved to a small-holding with her husband walt and had lived there for more than 25 years .
mr jackson , who did not live with the couple , appeared in court earlier this month charged with murder .
gwent coroner david bowen adjourned the newport inquest after releasing her body for a funeral to take place .
mrs jackson had seen much of her work printed in literary journals and magazines and her publisher cinammon press said she was a highly committed poet .
dr jan fortune , from the firm , told the bbc that mrs jackson and her husband walt had celebrated their 39th wedding anniversary the day before she died .
` murdered ' : the renowned poet was allegedly stabbed to death by her stepson at her picturesque country farm in south wales , an inquest heard today .
she said mrs jackson was very supportive of other people 's work and would always put herself out to