by .
louise boyle .
a brawl broke out between staff and customers at a restaurant after female patrons were told they could not take their alcoholic drinks to go .
the dispute turned physical at chacho 's mexican restaurant in houston , texas last thursday between three female customers and several male staff members .
in a cellphone video filmed by one woman , a waiter is shown throwing a female customer to the ground while another is put in a headlock .
scroll down for video .
a brawl between staff members and female customers broke out at a branch of chacho 's mexican restaurant last thursday .
one woman was put in a headlock and another was wrestled to the ground at the establishment .
community activist quannel x told fox : ` when you have a manager that already has an attitude , he do n't like the people he is dealing with , speaking to them without respect .
` using the b word to address them .
that escalated the problem .
' the activist also questioned why no one had been arrested despite the fact one of the men wrestled a woman to the ground .
the women have contacted an attorney and are pursuing legal action because they want the restaurant employees to be brought to justice .
chacho 's owner said that a full investigation will take place by a third party .
the video , which was posted on youtube , has been viewed thousands of times .
chacho 's mexican restaurant in houston says it provides ` intelligent service due to well-trained employees who are paid substantially above industry levels ' .
the company also addressed the issue of providing magaritas in ` to-go cups ' for customers .
a message on the website reads : ` the state alcoholic beverage laws prohibits restaurants from selling margaritas to go .
to prevent this , we do not provide to go cups to customers who have ordered margaritas .
' mailonline was awaiting a comment from the restaurant management .
the fight between the women and the staff broke out after the customers were told they could not take alcoholic drinks in to-go cups .
the fight broke out on thursday at the mexican restaurant in houston .
the women are now planning to take legal action .
chacho 's