by .
laurie whitwell .
last updated at 7:26 pm on 23rd september 2011 .
kim delaney , the star of lifetime 's drama show ` army wives ' , was last night kicked off stage at an event honouring the former u.s. secretary of defense robert gates after slurring her way through a bizarre speech .
ms delaney stumbled to the podium at the national constitution center in philadelphia , then repeatedly stalled her words and fiddled with her hands as she talked about having ` served in active military duty family for five years ' , even though she is an actress in a fictional programme .
she was supposed to be honouring mr gates , who was receiving the liberty medal during the ceremony .
bizarre : actress kim delaney slurred her strange speech honouring former secretary of defense robert gates last night .
make-believe : it was n't until two minutes in that ms delaney admitted her army experience was only fictional .
time to go : ms delaney is beckoned off stage by a member of the backroom staff .
` i 've seen soldiers come home with painful life-altering injuries borne of their time and service , ' she said , stuttering .
` i 've attended numerous military funerals , including that of my best friend 's son .
and my heart has been broken on numerous occasions .
' she then paused , saying , ` ummm ' , before .
continuing : ` as i try to comfort wives , husbands , family members , .
fathers , children ... loved ones made good , what i 've learned is the .
constitution center .
` knowing no words , no talk or anything can ever bring back their people .
' applause : former defense secretary robert gates is awarded the liberty medal as pennsylvania governor tom corbett -lrb- l -rrb- and national constitution center president david eisner show their appreciation .
past troubles : ms delaney has twice sought rehab for alcohol addiction .
in better times : ms delaney pictured attending the hallmark channel 's 2011 tca summer press tour in july .
she then came clean .
` but for me it 's .
all make believe .
i do that as a job .
it 's make believe , ' she said .
nearly two minutes