the walls were closing in on blackpool 's karl oyston on tuesday evening after club president valeri belokon called for him to resign and shirt sponsors wonga branded his behaviour ` unacceptable ' .
a flurry of abusive text messages sent by the chairman to supporters - in which he labelled one a ` retard ' and told him to ` enjoy his special needs day out ' - have caused uproar throughout the world of football after being published on sunday .
in the appalling exchanges , seen by sportsmail , oyston mocked a fan as an ` intellectual cripple ' and called him a ` p **** ' .
there has been a strong defiance to his actions as both belokon and wonga condemned the seasiders ' chief on the same day .
blackpool supporters are calling for chairman karl oyston to resign after abusive text messages to fans .
blackpool president valeri belokon is unhappy with the running of the club and called for oyston to resign .
blackpool manager lee clark looks on during his side 's 6-1 defeat to bournemouth on saturday .
in a statement wonga - whose sponsorship at bloomfield road is up at the end of the season - said : ` the comments were unacceptable , something we 'll be making clear to the club .
' that came just hours after belokon , who has designs of buying blackpool , said oyston must stand down as chairman .
the latvian millionaire stated that oyston is n't fit to remain in charge and reiterated that he does possess the money to buy the controlling family out .
` i would like that he goes as chairman .
i will write to karl oyston that maybe he should go , ' belokon told the bbc .
` i would like to invite blackpool fans to write and sign an open letter for exclusion of such an attitude towards football fans .
' oyston was left embarrassed at the weekend after a string of abhorrent messages he sent to disgruntled fans , who had found his number on social media , became public knowledge .
supporter steve smith was branded a ` retard ' and ` intellectual cripple ' by oyston , whose beleaguered side lost 6-1 at home against bournemouth on saturday and are bottom of the championship .
one rant from