jenson button can understand the reasoning why fernando alonso will not be making his second debut with mclaren this weekend .
on the advice of doctors , alonso is absent from the season-opening australian grand prix after sustaining concussion following a heavy crash on the final day of the second pre-season test last month .
fears were expressed to alonso of ` second-impact syndrome ' whereby a serious brain injury , or even death , could occur should the 33-year-old be involved in a second incident so soon after the first .
jenson button walks through the paddock at the albert park circuit ahead of the australian grand prix .
after several weeks testing -lrb- above -rrb- , the formula one season gets underway in melbourne on sunday .
despite that there has been scepticism of the decision , particularly as alonso spent three days in a local hospital and passed a variety of tests .
button knows what it is like to suffer concussion as he was involved in a severe accident in practice for the 2003 monaco grand prix , yet just a fortnight later was back behind the wheel of his car in canada .
on reflection , button knows he should arguably have never driven in that subsequent race , so can understand the precautions taken with alonso , even if they appear extreme .
` as far as i know he -lrb- alonso -rrb- had three days -lrb- in hospital -rrb- undergoing every scan and check under the sun , ' said button .
` i 'm sure whatever they 've chosen to do is the correct decision .
the british f1 driver understands why mclaren team-mate fernando alonso will miss the race .
alonso suffered concussion after a high speed crash at the circuit de catalunya on february 22 .
` concussions vary .
some are very light , and then you have different grades of concussion , brain damage .
` for me , i raced two weeks after an accident in monaco in 2003 , with checks of standing on a box , closing one eye and whatever else i had to do .
` to be honest , i scraped through , so they let me race , but that was nearly 13 years ago .
now the checks are very stringent .
` with the incidents we 've had ,