by .
eddie wrenn .
published : .
09:53 est , 28 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
16:54 est , 28 september 2012 .
facebook is taking a small step toward becoming an e-commerce platform by launching a feature for users to buy and send real gifts - some of them worth as much as hundreds of dollars .
as of thursday , users can purchase and ship products from more than a hundred ` facebook gifts ' vendors with a few clicks on the company 's website .
the products are only available in some u.s. cities and only to people randomly selected by facebook to be ` beta users ' , but perhaps gives some indication how facebook intends to evolve .
scroll down for video .
facebook 's new service , ` gifts ' , allows users to send chocolate , coffee , socks and other real-life presents to one another .
the products include eyeglasses by warby parker , starbucks coffee , and pastries from new york-based magnolia bakery .
coming four months after facebook 's troubled initial public offering , the feature marks the company 's attempt to unlock a potentially significant new revenue stream .
although it has sought to diversify its income sources , facebook still relies heavily on display advertising .
during the second quarter , more than 80 percent of its revenue of $ 1.18 billion came from ads while roughly 15 percent came from game-maker zynga inc. .
facebook , which can store credit card data for users , will make money by taking a cut of each gift transaction .
fancy a gift while you vhat ?
teddy bears are one of the gifts available on facebook .
the amount varies based on the individual deals it has struck with vendor partners , the company said without disclosing specifics .
the world 's no. 1 social network , boasting nearly 1 billion user accounts , has long viewed commercial transactions as a massive opportunity for the platform .
but marketing researchers have found that consumers have been slow to make purchases on the website because many treat it as a place to chat and post messages rather than go shopping .
facebook hopes to change that by getting users used to the idea of giving small gifts as part of their social routine .
`` people