two fugitives - one of whom is actor russel crowe 's former helicopter pilot - have finally been caught after years on the run when the yacht they stole in new zealand was spotted off the coast of australia by a sailing website who had been trying to find it for the owners .
sailing website live sail die had been keeping an eye out for the stolen yacht ` harlech ' .
after identifying it by taking photographs taken through a pair of binoculars , they alerted police .
the two fugitives - one an unlicensed helicopter pilot who frequently flew hollywood star russell crowe from sydney to his outback australian home - were arrested as they drifted into broken bay near palm beach , sydney , on monday night .
crowe 's former helicopter pilot paul james bennett and partner simone anne wright are accused of fraud , theft and sexual assault on a teenage girl .
simone anne wright and paul james bennett allegedly sailed a stolen yacht from new zealand to sydney .
a member of sailing website live sail die identified the stolen yacht by taking photographs taken through a pair of binoculars .
australian actor russell crowe employed bennett as his helicopter pilot in 2000 , but was not aware that bennett did not even have a helicopter licence .
the daily telegraph reported that the yacht was taken from the bay of islands in new zealand two weeks ago .
bennett , 52 , and wright , 38 , are in a long-term relationship , and are wanted in connection with an alleged au$ 240,000 fraud of helipower , a canterbury-based helicopter company .
they are also wanted in connection of a suspected sex attack on a teenage girl in the late 2000s .
both were detained on the yacht at 9.30 pm on monday night and are assisting police with their enquiries .
' i am extremely pleased with the efforts of our enthusiastic followers which assisted greatly with the capture of two wanted fugitives who stole the yacht harlech , ' live sail die ceo suellen hurling said in a statement .
` when the news came about that the boat had been stolen , lsd team member darren mcmanaway was assigned the role to manage the updates and communications and to ensure that we kept the momentum going so that