by .
lillian radulova for daily mail australia .
disturbing images of skin-and-bone hens perching on mountains of faeces and crammed into overcrowded cages have been alleged to be from a local nsw farm which supplies its eggs to one of australia 's biggest egg producers .
pace farm , australia 's leading supplier , marketer and distributor of eggs and egg products , was fined $ 3000 for the conditions at the same corowa facility in may last year , with the farm manager also receiving a $ 500 fine .
now , alleged new photographs and video footage from the same farm , anonymously supplied to the national animal protection organisation animals australia , show that conditions at the caged-egg providing facility continue to breach multiple animal welfare regulations .
scroll down for video .
disturbing new images anonymously supplied to animals australia , have revealed the disturbing conditions of a pace farm caged-egg facility in corowa , new south wales .
the images and video footage show skin-and-bone hens perching on mountains of faeces and crammed into overcrowded cages .
animals australia has lodged a complaint with the rspca , claiming that the farm has again crammed more birds into their cages than welfare regulations allow , and that many appear in poor body condition .
the organisation claims the breaches come under the prevention of cruelty to animals act as well as the model code of practice .
` dozens of birds , many in poor condition , were discovered abandoned in manure pits below the cages , without access to food or water .
the severely de-feathered animals appeared to be surviving on scraps , beetles and eggs , ' lyn white , the campaign director for animals australia said .
` that 's twice in fourteen months this facility has been found overstocking birds in cages , shows why industry auditing systems can not be trusted .
' this is despite pace farm 's decree on their website , which states : ` we 've invested heavily in developing innovative , state of the art facilities to exceed worldwide standards in flock care , product quality , environmental impact and bio-security .
` our farms are regularly subject to independent audits to ensure their compliance with national and international accreditation schemes .
' pace farm was fined $ 3000 for the appalling conditions at