by .
matt roper .
published : .
06:35 est , 23 march 2012 .
| .
updated : .
04:08 est , 26 march 2012 .
five brazilian towns were left without electricity - because a man had a row with his wife , it was reported today .
the domestic began when reginaldo rocha , 49 , arrived home from work late after drinking with pals - and admitted to his wife he had blown over # 150 on drink .
as the quarrel escalated , painter and decorator reginaldo stormed out the house in sorocaba , in the state of sao paulo , southeast brazil .
head for heights : after a row with his wife , reginaldo rocha , climbed up a nearby electricity pylon and threatened to throw himself from the top .
dangerous : as the incident unfolded on last night , electricity company chiefs decided to switch off the supply so he would n't be electrocuted by the pylon 's 80,000 volts .
he then climbed up a nearby electricity pylon and threatened to throw himself from the top .
as the incident unfolded on last night , electricity company chiefs decided to switch off the supply so he would n't be electrocuted by the pylon 's 80,000 volts .
but as a result five entire towns were plunged into darkness , affecting a total of more than 600,000 people .
escalation : the domestic began when reginaldo rocha , .
49 , arrived home from work late after drinking with pals - and admitted .
to his wife he had blown over # 150 on drink .
chaos : with no traffic lights working , the blackout caused chaos on the streets .
the region 's telephone system was also interrupted and even the national emergency number 192 stopped working .
with no traffic lights working , the blackout caused chaos on the streets , brazil 's jornal cruzeiro do sul newspaper reported .
the region 's telephone system was also interrupted and even the national emergency number 192 stopped working .
as well as sorocaba , the towns of capela do alto , ipero , aracoiaba da serra and boituva were also disconnected - an area of over 50 square miles .
team effort : fifty police officers and firemen , as well as reginaldo 's family , spent over three