police have arrested a woman who was captured on cctv setting fire to the australian flag inside the anzac war memorial in sydney 's hyde park .
emergency services were called to the anzac memorial at hyde park , in the city at 12.40 pm on wednesday following reports that a small fire was lit inside the memorial building .
the woman , 36 , had allegedly lowered an australian flag into the flame of remembrance causing a small fire , which was extinguished .
when they arrived they discovered an australian flag had been lowered into the flame of remembrance causing fire which was quickly extinguished .
scroll down for video .
police released cctv footage of a woman of caucasian appearance , aged between 35 and 45 , with light brown shoulder length hair .
the anzac war memorial -lrb- above -rrb- is the main commemorative monument in sydney .
at 2.20 am today , a 36-year-old woman was arrested central railway station after a call from a member of the public .
she has been taken to sydney city police station where she is assisting police with their inquiries .
the woman somehow managed to evade ushers and security inside the building to gain access to the eternal flame - which is roped off .
sydney city police superintendent mark walton said the woman stole one of three flags inside the building and burned on of them .
mr walton said penalties for vandalising war memorials are ` open to interpretation ' depending on the significance of the damage .
malicious damage in nsw carries a maximum penalty of five years jail .
minister for veterans affairs victor dominello and rsl nsw president don rowe have condemned the incident .
` not only is this criminal behaviour , it 's deeply disrespectful of the memorial and all it represents , ' mr dominello said in a statement .
` it is deeply concerning that any person would seek to desecrate the australian flag .
police arrived at the scene of the war memorial at 1.15 pm after reports a woman had burned the flag .
the flag was set on fire in hyde park , in sydney 's cbd .
` doing so on this sacred site makes it all the more reprehensible .
' mr rowe urged members of the public to come forward with information