nrl head of football todd greenberg has vowed to issue canterbury fans who threw bottles at match officials with life-time bans .
referees and officials were struck with projectiles by angry supporters after a tight contest between south sydney and canterbury ended in controversy .
greenberg , who spent five years in charge of canterbury , said the scenes after the final siren were unacceptable and the culprits would be found .
scroll down for video .
a touch judge is hit by a bottle at the end of the round 5 nrl match between the canterbury bankstown bulldogs and the south sydney rabbitohs at anz stadium in sydney on friday .
bulldogs ceo raelene castle checks on the nrl interchange official who has been injured at the end of game .
' i have been saying for several months , and today highlights it , that we need to put more respect and more attention around our match officials and referees , ' greenberg said .
` the behaviour of fans today at this game was completely unacceptable .
' i will be having as much dialogue as needed with the club , stadium and authorities to make sure appropriate penalties are handed out .
' sideline interchange official darren alchin was taken to hospital with a broken shoulder blade after slipping over in an attempt to avoid a water bottle thrown from the stands .
nrl head of football todd greenberg has vowed to issue canterbury fans who threw bottles at match officials with life-time bans .
` he 's in a pretty bad way .
that is not acceptable , ' greenberg said .
` there are life bans available for us under the rules and we will work with the stadium , with the club and with the police to find those culprits .
` people come to the football to enjoy the football .
we have a lot of people working on the sidelines and what we saw at the end of that game is unacceptable .
' rabbitohs sealed a final minute 18-17 victory over the bulldogs in an intense encounter at anz stadium in sydney during the good friday showdown .
' i have been saying for several months , and today highlights it , that we need to put more respect and more attention around our match officials and referees , '