labour has received tens of thousands of pounds in donations from one of the law firms criticised over false claims british soldiers were involved in torture and murder in iraq .
leigh day and co gave the party or its mps a total of # 33,000 over two years , official records show .
the law firm was criticised on wednesday after the # 31million al-sweady inquiry found the shocking allegations were ` wholly and entirely without merit ' and based on ` deliberate and calculated lies ' .
scroll down for video .
labour leader ed miliband has been urged to give all money donated by leigh day and co - criticised by the al-sweady inquiry - to armed forces charities .
yesterday former defence minister sir nicholas soames , wrote to labour leader ed miliband calling on him to donate the same sum of money to charity for wounded military personnel .
in the letter , the tory grandee described the legal action as ` vexatious and malicious ' .
sir nicholas added : ` it says everything about today 's labour party that -- rather than supporting our troops -- they take donations from those who seek to undermine them .
` ed miliband needs to forfeit this money immediately .
otherwise people will conclude that he is a weak leader and utterly unfit to be prime minister .
' labour said it would be inappropriate to comment while an investigation by the legal watchdog , the solicitors regulation authority , into the conduct of some of the lawyers , was still ongoing .
official records show leigh day & co gave # 14,500 to emily thornberry which was declared in her register of interests on december 8 .
miss thornberry was a senior ally of mr miliband 's and the shadow attorney general until she resigned over a ` sneering ' row after posting on twitter a picture of a house with a white van outside during the rochdale by-election .
the donation was to pay for a legal research assistant for miss thornberry 's office .
detained iraqis being guarded by a british soldier that was shown at the the al-sweady inquiry .
the long-running inquiry found that british troops mistreated nine iraqi detainees following a fierce battle a decade ago , but false allegations of murder and torture were the product of ` deliberate