this is the moment that 15-year-old patrick otema , from kampala in uganda , found his voice for the very first time .
patrick , who was born deaf , was unable to even express himself to his family and , had things not changed , would have been condemned to a life of silence .
but thanks to a pioneering new programme , he has finally been taught to communicate using sign language .
scroll down for video .
patrick 's transformation in the class is nothing short of breathtaking as he finally learns how to communicate .
only two per cent of uganda 's population is deaf , but the disability carries huge stigma in the country with the disabled dismissed as ` kasiru ' , which translates as mentally deficient and useless .
but patrick has been lucky .
his teacher is raymond okkelo who is deaf himself - and who is one of the few ugandans to use sign language .
` in the past i was also like him , ' he explains .
' i could n't use sign language , the only thing i could do was hide in fear .
' raymond became deaf as a child after a bout of malaria but six months ago , he travelled to the ugandan capital kampala for intensive training in sign language .
now able to communicate with the outside world , raymond is determined to change the lives deaf people in sub-saharan africa , many of whom have never been taught sign language .
raymond has set up the first sign-language school in the area and convinced patrick to attend .
many of the pupils -- aged from nine to 80 -- have walked miles to attend raymond 's course .
raymond , who stars in tonight 's episode of unreported world , has also opened the very first sign language school in the country - which patrick now attends .
but nothing is as heart-warming as the moment that patrick finally realises he can communicate , with joy spreading across his face as he grasps the significance of what he has learned .
patrick 's transformation is nothing short of breathtaking .
in the space of just a few hours he goes from a hunched over terrified looking boy who can barely make eye contact to beaming and standing confidently in front