by .
chris waugh .
follow @@ chrisdhwaugh .
follow all of the action live as it happens from the sun life stadium at mailonline .
brendan rodgers has left no stone unturned ahead of liverpool 's international champions cup final match against manchester united - by making his players train at miami 's sun life stadium .
liverpool face bitter rivals united in what can hardly be described as a pre-season friendly at miami 's sun life stadium on tuesday .
it will be the first time that rodgers has come up against united 's new manager louis van gaal , and he was determined his players would be in fighting-fit shape ahead of the game .
video scroll down for new-look liverpool train at princeton university on us tour .
big game preparation : liverpool train ahead of their champions cup final match with manchester united .
skipper : liverpool captain steven gerrard stretches off on miami 's sun life stadium pitch .
all together now : liverpool train before their international champions cup final match with manchester united .
in charge : brendan rodgers answers questions in his press conference ahead of the game with united .
clash : manchester united manager louis van gaal will face brendan rodgers for the first time .
team talk : the liverpool players stretch off and have a team talk before training in miami .
follow the leader : gerrard -lrb- right -rrb- , sebastien coates -lrb- centre -rrb- and brad jones head to the changing rooms .
crucial : liverpool midfielder raheem sterling will look to use his pace to get in behind united 's defence .
determined : liverpool striker rickie lambert trains ahead of the final with manchester united .
interview : liverpool midfielder jordan henderson faces the media ahead of the match with united .
joke : brad jones -lrb- left -rrb- , mamadou sakho -lrb- centre -rrb- and raheem sterling -lrb- right -rrb- enjoy a laugh during training .
stretching off : liverpool players take part in a warm-up during training at miami 's sun life stadium .
captain steven gerrard , raheem sterling , martin skrtel and rickie lambert were among the players who took to the pitch for some training .
there are less than two weeks until the beginning of the premier league season and this match is being taken extremely seriously