by .
greg leedham .
carl froch may have just defended his ibf and wba super-middleweight titles in front of 80,000 people at wembley , but joe calzaghe remains unimpressed .
the cobra beat george groves on arguably the biggest night in british boxing history with an eighth round knockout last saturday , bringing him to 12 successive world title fights .
but calzaghe , who retired undefeated in 2008 after victories over american greats bernard hopkins and roy jones jnr on us soil , thinks the man he never fought does n't deserve such high praise .
video scroll down to watch carl froch in training before he beat george groves .
win : carl froch -lrb- left -rrb- knocked out george groves -lrb- right -rrb- in the eighth round to retain his titles .
not a member : joe calzaghe says the cobra -lrb- pictured -rrb- is a ` top fighter , but not member of the elite ' winner : calzaghe retired in 2008 undefeated and has been put into the international boxing hall of fame .
pundits tend to favour calzaghe when asked who would win a hypothetical fight between the pride of wales and nottingham 's finest , though froch can arguably point to the more impressive cv .
but calzaghe says there is no debate to be had , insisting froch is n't in his league and arguing his potential fight with julio cesar chavez jnr would be a mistake .
` a lot of people make comparisons to carl froch 's career to mine , but i do n't think there 's a comparison , ' he told wales online .
` i was undefeated , went to america and conquered america .
i defeated two legends out there at different weights .
` i was the number one fighter , the number one champion at super-middleweight and light-heavyweight .
` froch has gone out to america and lost where he was bossed by andre ward .
' opinionated : calzaghe thinks froch will never be truly great unless he goes back and finishes off andre ward .
blow : calzaghe says ward -lrb- left -rrb- ` bossed ' froch -lrb- right -rrb- when the pair fought in america .
total fights : 35 .
wins : 33 .
wins by ko : 24 .
losses : 2 -lrb- mikkel kessler , andre