christian eriksen 's consistently brilliant performances with tottenham hotspur this season have attracted the interest of clubs around europe - but spurs icon jurgen klinsmann hopes the dane will resist the temptation to move .
the 23-year-old has 11 goals for spurs this season and , alongside breakthrough star harry kane , has provided the main attacking threat as mauricio pochettino looks to break into the barclays premier league top four .
and with europe 's elite inevitably sniffing around in the hope of signing eriksen , former tottenham striker klinsmann has expressed his hope that the north london club can hang on to one of their star performers .
christian eriksen has been in brilliant form for tottenham but his performances will be attracting attention .
klinsmann , a former tottenham favourite , comes up against eriksen when his us team face denmark .
the former germany international , who now manages the us national team , spent one season at white hart lane in the 1994-95 campaign but wants eriksen to stay longer than his spell .
` there 's no bigger club than tottenham , ' klinsmann joked when asked if eriksen could play for a bigger club .
` every player chooses their own path and sees their own limit , and i 'm sure he wants to see his own limits and where he can go one day .
` for me , tottenham was a wonderful experience and i would n't have wanted to miss a second of it .
but i chose to leave the club for bayern munich to win trophies .
eriksen hits a shot against leicester that was eventually deflected in by jeff schlupp -lrb- left -rrb- for the winner .
klinsmann said he was ` curious ' to see how many more years eriksen would stay at tottenham .
' i hope he stays for a long time at spurs .
it 's a very competitive squad so there 's no time for him to relax as someone will jump in and take his spot .
i 'm curious to see him for many more years at tottenham .
klinsmann 's us side face eriksen 's denmark on wednesday evening , and klinsmann had praise for the ` tremendously talented ' danish playmaker .
` he is an exceptional talent and that 's why he 's at tottenham ,