by .
associated press and daily mail reporter .
published : .
09:03 est , 17 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:30 est , 17 august 2013 .
a savage wildfire is burning its way through the popular idaho mountain resort community of sun valley today and has forced the evacuation of some 1,600 houses in the area where arnold schwarzenegger , tom hanks and bruce willis have second homes .
the evacuation orders for the 100-square-mile beaver creek fire included homes in drainages and foothills west of the towns of hailey and extending to north of ketchum in central idaho .
more than 600 state and federal firefighters were working to get the blaze under control and protect property in the affluent resort region .
another 1,000 firefighters were expected to report to the scene on friday night , said shawna hartman , spokeswoman for the beaver creek fire department .
scroll down for video .
flames : a woman watches as flames blaze down a ridge as the beaver creek wildfire rages outside hailey on august 16 , 2013 .
dangerous : the fire is raging near the sun valley ski resort in idaho , where some 1,600 homes have been evacuated as flames menaced multimillion-dollar homes in the area , authorities said .
firefighters : fire crews attend a planning meeting for the beaver creek wildfire outside hailey , idaho august 16 , 2013 .
fire managers say the fire grew rapidly on friday thanks to wind gusts topping out at 30 mph , low humidity and tinder-dry ground fuels .
` it 's safe to say we 've got a lot of structures at risk , ' hartman said .
managers at the sun valley ski resort turned on water cannons that are normally used for wintertime snowmaking .
one home in an outlying valley was destroyed thursday night , said bronwyn nickel , a spokeswoman for blaine county , where the fire is burning .
in addition , some private insurers have sent in their own crews to provide structural protection for homes with values that can stretch into the millions of dollars , nickel said .
` there are private engines that insurance companies have sent in , ' she said .
` they 're on site , they 're working with our local firefighters and law enforcement .
' fire