sebastian coe claims athletics ' reputation is being disproportionately damaged by doping cases involving a small number of countries and has promised that the investigation into allegations of systematic doping in russia will be completely independent .
a programme by german ard-tv has alleged that doping and corruption extended beyond russia and implicated the sport 's world governing body the iaaf in covering up the problem .
the french sports daily l'equipe has also raised questions about meetings in moscow hotels in 2011 between valentin balakhnichev , the president of the russian athletics federation and an iaaf council member , a legal adviser to the iaaf named habib cisse and massata papa diack - the son of lamine diack , president of the iaaf .
sebastian coe believes athletics ' reputation is damaged by doping case involving a small number of countries .
lord coe , an iaaf vice-president , insisted lamine diack was fully behind the investigation but admitted the latest allegations made it a difficult time for athletics .
speaking at the ioc session in monaco , coe said : ` you have to say that the scope and scale of these allegations takes it beyond simply a competitor deciding to step beyond the moral boundary .
` this is not in every country of the world - there are 213 federations .
but you do have to say a disproportionate amount of the reputational damage is in a relatively small number of countries , and i think we have to recognise this .
` they are very serious allegations .
the very fact that the allegations are in the public domain means that they are serious .
so , we have to be very clear that this is a very , very difficult time for our sport .
' coe , who is standing in next august 's election to succeed diack as president , said the latest transcripts of the programme have now been sent to the iaaf council , the body 's ethics committee , to the ioc and the world anti-doping agency .
coe unveils his iaaf presidential campaign manifesto , at the british olympic association in london .
asked if the allegations against diack 's son made it difficult for the iaaf president , coe added : ` no i think lamine is very clear , he will wait for the investigation and