by .
alex ward .
published : .
11:15 est , 20 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:23 est , 20 february 2013 .
a new 30,000-seat football stadium will be named after america 's second largest private prison operator as part of a $ 6million -lrb- # 3.92 million -rrb- sponsorship deal .
florida atlantic university announced the partnership with geo group inc , which runs 101 prison facilities with about .
73,000 beds , on tuesday raising questions about the suitability of the .
match .
the university in florida had been looking for a stadium sponsor for more than two years after spending $ 70million -lrb- # 45.7 million -rrb- building the major stadium , home of the owls football team .
prison operator sponsor : florida atlantic university 's stadium -lrb- pictured -rrb- will be named after america 's second-largest private prison operator as part of a $ 6million sponsorship deal .
the donation from the prison company 's charitable foundation is the ` largest one-time gift in the history of fau athletics , ' the university said , and will be paid out to the university over 12 years .
critics have been quick to comment on the partnership .
paul swangard , managing director of the warsaw sports marketing center at the university of oregon 's business school , was quoted by the huffington post saying : ` it appears to be a charitable gift that is trying to be a marketing vehicle , and it just does n't make a lot of sense .
` to link themselves with an athletic department when their business is locking people up , it just does n't connect to me really well .
' critics of the private prison industry argue that the company is trying to win favour with public officials who hand out contracts .
bob libal , from grassroots leadership , a .
criminal justice advocacy group , said geo group relied on public .
dollars for all its profits .
sponsor : the university announced their partnership geo group inc , which runs 101 correctional , detention and community re-entry facilities with about 73,000 beds , raising questions about the suitability of the match .
he said : ` when you look at other things that geo gives to , it 's generally in communities where they either have