the estranged wife of embattled actor stephen collins has taken him to task for starring in a new short film about a pedophile priest , it was revealed today .
collins , 67 , who is being investigated for allegedly molesting three girls in the 1970s and 80s , appeared in jeff wolfe 's 11-minute short titled penance , which was filmed last year and premiered in march .
the movie follows david lyons as a tormented man who visit collins ' pedophile priest to ` clear his conscience and discover exactly what it means to find forgiveness ... or give it .
' scroll down for video .
under fire : actor stephen collins has found himself embroiled in a child abuse scandal centering around his alleged confession .
art imitating life : a year before the allegations against collins came to light , he starred in a short film titled penance playing a pedophile priest .
award-winning flick : the 11-minute movie premiered in march and won a prize for best narrative short at the los angeles international underground film festival .
in one cringe-inducing moment in the film , collins is seen looking at school pictures of young children .
wolfe 's independent flick was shown at the catalina film festival on september 27 , less than two weeks before tmz released an audio recording in which a man believed to be collins could be heard confessing to molesting three girls , among them a young relative , during a couple 's therapy session .
according to the gossip site , two weeks after the film 's debut , faye grant sent her husband a sternly-worded email titled ` is this some sort of joke ?
' blasting him for taking on the role of the perverted clergyman .
` you sexually molested a child using your role as a minister to engender trust .
you are begging to be incarcerated , stephen , ' grant reportedly wrote .
the actor 's wife had previously accused the tv star of using his best-known role as a pastor on the long-running show 7th heaven to gain the trust of a couple whose child he later allegedly molested .
in an interview about the film given in april , collins described the experience playing the fallen clergyman as ` very intense ' creepy : at one point in the