as well as visiting the jurassic coast and having a photograph next to the cliff which started the first series off , die-hard broachchurch fans can now go one better .
di alec hardy 's , played by david tennant , home in the hit itv drama is up for sale .
the tiny wooden blue hut on the banks of the river brit in west bay , dorset , has gone on the market for # 275,000 as the so-called ` broachchurch effect ' kicks in .
the blue chalet made famous by david tennant 's character in broadchurch has gone on the market for # 275k .
david tennant broods : series producers reportedly hired the chalet for two separate periods of two weeks .
previously let as a holiday chalet for as little as # 41 per night , the 100 year old two-bed waterfront property has recently been swamped with interest since broadchurch first aired in 2013 .
it 's one of four homes built around 1900 next to the river brit , can only be reached by foot and has the unique position of looking out across the harbour , river and meadows behind .
series producers reportedly hired the chalet for two separate periods of two weeks while filming the itv drama , home to david tennant 's brooding lead character .
the hut sits on the bank of the river brit in dorset and has been rent out as a holiday let for two years .
the owner abbey evans -lrb- above -rrb- has listed the property with estate agents lyme coast holidays .
when asked about the proposed uplift in price thanks to the show malcolm gill , of estate agents lyme coast holidays , said , ` it 's impossible to quantify but i would say it has probably benefitted from an uplift of between # 25,000 and # 50,000 .
' ` we have tried to price it fairly and sensibly without being greedy and i think the owner will be pleasantly surprised to achieve the asking price .
' he may be right to be optimistic as hotel searches to west bay , dorset , have seen an increase of 50 per cent , according to research conducted by hotel.com , and house prices in the picturesque areas have risen by the same amount .
britbank is described on