the young electrician who tragically died in hospital several hours after an explosion at a perth shopping centre has been named as local man matt hutchins .
the tradesman suffered burns to 80 per cent of his body in the blast at the galleria shopping centre in morley , about 8 kilometres northeast of perth 's central business district , on tuesday morning .
hutchins was carrying out electrical maintenance with three colleagues , for a privately owned wa company that services the high voltage electrical industry , when the fatal accident happened .
one of his colleagues , a 30-year-old irish man , died at the scene while the two others are fighting for their lives in hospital .
scroll down for video .
matt hutchins -lrb- centre -rrb- , seen here with his brother and girlfriend , has been named as the young electrician who died in hospital on tuesday after a blast in area where he was working .
the explosion happenned at around 9.30 am at the galleria shopping centre in morley , perth .
a spokesperson for the department of foreign affairs told irish newspaper the journal.ie they are providing consular assistance to the irish man 's family .
the electrical company high energy service pty ltd confirmed to perth now its employees and subcontractors were the electricians involved .
` there was an explosion which has resulted in multiple serious injuries .
high energy service pty ltd was conducting work in the vicinity of the explosion and their employees and subcontractors were injured , ' general manager brad mitchell said in a statement released on tuesday .
` this is a truly tragic day and our thoughts and prayers are with the family and friends of the deceased persons and those of the injured employees , ' he added .
perth man hutchins , who was named by the west australian as a victim , is listed as having worked for the company high energy services on his facebook page .
perth man hutchins is believed to have been carrying out high voltage electricity work for the private wa based company high energy services .
` the biggest smile ' : hutchins -lrb- left -rrb- has been described as a happy and much loved young man in hundreds of tributes on social media .
police , firefighters and emergency services gather at the scene