the secret service took more than a year to replace a broken alarm system at the home of george h.w. bush , it has emerged .
the alarm failed at the former president 's houston residence in september 2013 and even though the secret service bought a replacement system in january 2014 , it took until december for it to be installed - leaving the couple without the protection of a working alarm at their home for 15 months .
it came despite an agent 's recommendation in 2010 that the alarm , which was installed in 1993 , be replaced because it ` had exceeded its life cycle ' .
the request was denied for an unknown reason .
the oversight - just the latest in a string of blunders by the agency - was revealed in a report by the department of homeland security office of inspector general , which was released on thursday .
concerns : former first lady barbara bush and former president george h.w. bush , pictured watching basketball in march , did not have a working alarm at their houston home for more than a year .
during the time the alarm was out of service , the secret service assigned an employee to keep watch over the residence , according to the report , cbs news reported .
some inside the agency contended that the agent was not sufficient to replace the alarm system , the washington post reported .
despite the apparently relaxed security measures , there were no breaches at the property , where 90-year-old bush and his wife barbara have lived for more than two decades .
on twitter on thursday , bush said that he and his wife have ` great respect for , and confidence in , the men and women ' of the secret service .
` that respect and confidence has never waned , ' he wrote .
endorsement : in light of the reports , bush tweeted that he had ` great respect ' for the secret service .
property : their houston home , circle , was guarded by a secret service agent throughout the 15 months .
the report also raises concerns about the security at other former presidents ' homes , but has redacted their names .
among the concerns , one official reported that safety equipment showed ` signs of impending