want to emulate spencer matthews ' rippling abs or achieve a stomach as toned as lucy watson 's ?
now you can , thanks to made in chelsea 's official fitness dvd .
the stars of tv 's poshest show - and a host of top trainers - have joined forces for the e4 show 's first official fitness programme , mic : fit - and mailonline can exclusively reveal a first look at the trailer and behind the scenes images .
ollie proudlock , binky felstead , spencer matthews and lucy watson are hoping to help kick-start your fitness regime ready for the christmas party season and new year .
scroll down for video .
fit in chelsea : binky felstead , spencer matthews , ollie proudlock and lucy watson have joined forces with the uk 's top trainers to create their very own fitness dvd .
mic : fit .
the dvd , which lands on december 1 , promises to reveal the cast members ' secrets to ` looking hot with a hectic lifestyle and how they keep fit when not partying in chelsea ' .
` featuring the hottest fitness trends with four fun , high-energy 20-minute workouts that will have you looking toned for the king 's road , mic : fit is perfect to fit into your busy schedule : it gets results and will help keep you looking and feeling amazing during the festive season and beyond , ' reads the description .
get the chelsea look : the foursome are hoping to help kick-start your fitness regime ready for the christmas party season and new year with their new dvd .
want bodies like ours ?
of course you do !
former flames lucy and spencer get sweaty in the dvd , which lands in stores next month .
first up is binky felstead , who shares her favourite tabata wake up call workout - a four-minute intense workout she promises is super fun whilst burning lots of calories .
meanwhile , spencer pretends he 's not in pain whilst working up an energising sweat with a 20-minute high intensity interval training routine , also known as hiit .
this routine is designed to work on the abs , arms and legs by alternating periods of short , intense anaerobic exercise with less intense recovery periods .
clearly he abs-solutely loves it