by .
lucy crossley .
this is the heartwarming moment a three-year-old girl with a rare brain condition realises she is about to meet peppa pig .
sophie ryback , who has polymicrogyria affecting the right side of her brain , came face to face with the pre-school children 's cartoon character at paultons park in the new forest , hampshire .
her parents michelle and michael decided to film their daughter 's reaction as she arrived at the theme park , before uploading their video to facebook , where it has been liked by more than 6,000 people on the peppa pig world page .
scroll down for video .
heartwarming : three-year-old sophie ryback , pictured left clutching the hand of her father michael , is told she will meet her idol peppa pig .
beaming : sophie , who has the rare brain condition polymicrogyria , bursts into a wide smile , before pointing and dashing to meet the famous cartoon character .
in the clip sophie can be seen bursting into a huge smile as she spots peppa , before dashing to meet the character .
` the only reason we filmed her reaction .
was because my friend who looked after our dog wanted to see - we never .
expected this reaction , ' said nursery nurse mrs ryback , 32 , from sittingbourne , kent .
` it 's really touching that it 's been .
shared so many times , i feel very overwhelmed .
the peppa pig uk facebook .
site put the video online a few weeks after we went .
` within minutes i was getting calls and messages telling me how many people had watched it .
day out : sophie and her father michael enjoy their trip to peppa pig world .
adventure : sophie and her father grin as they test out one of the park 's rides .
condition : sophie -lrb- pictured right at the evalina children 's hospital , london -rrb- suffers from unilateral polymicrogyria which affects the right side of her brain and causes epilepsy and a reduction in movement .
` i 've had messages from people in canada , new zealand and even saudi arabia .
' sophie , her parents and older brother oliver , six , were treated to the day at peppa pig world in april by