the real bomber ?
mohammed abu talb has been named as a likely suspect in the lockerbie bombing .
for 25 years , the lockerbie bombing has been shrouded in mystery .
now , an eyptian terrorist has been revealed as a likely suspect in the devastating attack .
mohammed abu talb - who is serving life in prison for a series of bombings - has been named in a private investigation called operation bird .
he is alleged to be behind the blast that took place on board pan am flight 103 over scotland in 1988 - killing 270 people .
the investigation - put forward as a report by forensic investigative associates in london - has also accused the cia of covering up talb 's role in the atrocity , according the the sunday people and exaro .
it was commissioned by lawyers for libyan abdelbaset al-megrahi , who was jailed in 2001 for masterminding the bombing .
if the report is correct , it means al-megrahi - who died of cancer aged 60 last year after being controversially freed from jail in 2009 - may have been wrongly imprisoned .
investigators claim key pieces of .
evidence in the case against al-megrahi - including a fragment of .
circuit board for a timer - were faked .
they .
also allege the bomb was planted in luggage at heathrow airport in .
london - not loaded by al-megrahi in malta , as the prosecution .
claimed during his trial in 2001 .
and .
they say talb - who was an initial suspect in the case - met with other .
middle east terror suspects in the run-up to the bombing .
the report - written in 2002 - was supposed to form part of al-megrahi 's appeal in 2009 , but it was never used .
horrific : pan am flight 103 exploded over lockerbie , scotland , on december 22 , 1988 - killing 270 people .
wreckage : eleven people in the scottish town were killed when parts of the plane plummeted to the ground .
jailed : libyan abdelbaset al-megrahi , pictured left and right , was jailed in 2001 for masterminding the bombing .
however , it is due to be aired in an al jazeera tv documentary this week .
its authors - jessica de grazia , a .
former new