saudi arabia 's king abdullah is suffering from pneumonia and temporarily needed help to breath through a tube , it has emerged .
the 90-year-old had been transferred to a military hospital in the capital riyadh earlier this week after experiencing shortness of breath and back pain .
at one point he needed help to breath through a tube - but the procedure was successful and his condition is stable .
saudi arabia 's king abdullah -lrb- pictured in june -rrb- is suffering from pneumonia and temporarily needed help to breath through a tube , it has emerged .
the saudi royal court said in a statement : ` it became apparent that there was a lung infection that required the insertion of a tube to aid with breathing on a temporary basis this evening .
' the procedure had resulted in ` stability and success , ' it added .
after spending a little more than week at his royal encampment in rawdat khuraim , a green oasis about 62 miles -lrb- 100 kilometers -rrb- north of riyadh , the king returned to the capital on wednesday and was admitted initially to a national guard hospital for medical tests .
a saudi source familiar with the affairs of the royal family said the king would most likely stay in hospital for another week .
the health of the monarch is of extreme importance in the kingdom , where abdullah holds absolute powers to enact laws and appoint ministers .
his condition is also watched internationally largely due to the country 's role as one of the world 's largest oil exporters , as well as regionally where the kingdom has used its influence to counter the islamist muslim brotherhood group and shiite iran .
the 90-year-old -lrb- pictured -rrb- had been transferred to a military hospital in the capital riyadh earlier this week after experiencing shortness of breath and back pain .
abdullah officially assumed the throne in 2005 , but has largely been seen as the de facto ruler of saudi arabia since the mid-1990s .
he reportedly underwent back surgeries in 2010 in new york city , and in october 2011 and november 2012 in saudi arabia .
the aging monarch met president barack obama in march and appeared before the press wearing an oxygen tube .
official photographs of the king have also shown him in