the nypd detective caught on video screaming at an uber driver has apologized in a televised interview .
detective patrick cherry was stripped of his shield and gun and will be placed on administrative duty following the outburst which was viewed more than three million times on youtube .
reacting to the mass outcry , cherry appears on nbc 4 new york on friday night to say : ' i apologize .
i sincerely apologize .
' he adds : ` people should n't be treated that way .
i let my emotions get the better of me and i was angry .
` my intention was to be courteous and then we got into an argument .
there was no intention to berate or hurt deeply the driver .
' scroll down for video .
apology : detective patrick cherry appears on nbc tonight to ` sincerely apologize ' for shouting at an uber driver .
screaming and raging : detective patrick cherry , pictured in the blue shirt , launched his tirade after the uber driver hooted at him .
the new york post reported in addition to being stripped of his badge , detective patrick cherry will be placed on modified duty before being transferred out of the joint terrorism task force .
` no good cop should watch that video without a wince , ' nypd police chief bill bratton said at a press conference announcing cherry was being placed on modified duty .
` because all good cops know that officer just made their jobs a little bit harder , ' bratton added .
` in that kind of encounter , anger like that is unacceptable .
in any encounter , discourtesy and obscene language like that is unacceptable .
' the new york police department 's internal affairs bureau launched an investigation into the incident , which occurred in the west village , after footage captured by a passenger was posted online .
the officer was named by the new york daily news as detective patrick cherry of the nypd 's joint terrorism task force .
shell shocked : the driver , named only as humayun , pictured , tried to repeatedly apologise to detective cherry .
detective cherry was in plainclothes and trying to park his unmarked hyundai without signalling when the uber driver known only as humayun honked his horn .
the