he has travelled to some of the most glamorous locations in the world and lives in a palace but prince charles looked surprisingly at home as he descended into london 's deepest sewer .
wearing a hard hat and a bright orange high-viz jacket over his pinstriped grey suit , charles was on inquisitive form and peppered his hosts from thames water with questions as he went .
luckily for the heir to the throne , the lee tunnel is brand new and wo n't be connected to the capital 's pipes until december 2015 .
futuristic : the prince of wales was 75m below the surface of london today , as he visited the lee tunnel .
when it is , the tunnel , dubbed a ` super sewer ' by london mayor boris johnson , will have the capacity to carry up to 16 million tonnes of waste at any one time .
charles was joined for his visit by a group of engineers , all of whom were among the team that helped to construct it .
he also met apprentices liam kelleher , 19 , and tony brown , 23 , during his tour and spent several minutes chatting to them .
a supporter of apprenticeship schemes , the prince has spoken in the past of the importance of giving young people hands-on experience and the chance of a career in engineering .
` apprentices and young people have a key part to play in our future , ' said thames water ceo martin baggs after the visit .
enjoying himself : charles toured the ` super-sewer ' with apprentices liam kelleher , 19 , and tony brown , 23 .
impressive : the enormous tunnel is 7km long , seven metres wide and cost # 635m to complete .
fascinated : the prince peppered the engineers accompanying him on the tour with questions .
` bringing in new talent now is crucial as we need an army of operational staff ready to take over from those who will inevitably retire in years to come .
' the vast tunnel , which was commissioned to put an end to leakage from london 's creaking victorian sewer system , sits 75m below ground , runs for seven kilometres and cost # 635m to build .
although not currently on-line , the abbey mills pumping station , which