by .
mark prigg .
published : .
06:04 est , 11 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
12:12 est , 11 december 2012 .
dr alex moulton cbe , the ledgendary british engineer who pioneered the small wheel bicycle and built the suspension system in the mini has died aged 92 .
dr moulton specialised in suspension design and his bicycle is .
recognised as a ` design classic ' by industrial designer sir james dyson .
his pioneering work also revolutionised the suspension system of .
british cars , and was one of the key reasons the mini is so small .
scroll down for video .
dr alex moulton cbe , who invented moulton bicycles , photographed at home in his estate in bradford on avon .
he died on sunday , aged 92 .
dr. moulton 's revolutionary small-wheeled , full-suspension moulton bicycle was unique .
it proved popular among commuters as it has suspension , which uses rubber and can be easily taken apart for transport .
the design uses a ` f ' design , and can be seperated easily so commuters can stow it in a boot.the bicycle is still built by hand in bradford on avon by a loyal team of engineers , technicians and craftsmen overseen by general manager and alex 's nephew shaun moulton .
his death was announced on the website of the mouton bicycle company , which still handmakes and sells bikes based on his iconic design .
` it is with great sorrow that shaun moulton and the moulton bicycle company announce the news that dr. alexander eric moulton cbe , distinguished engineer and inventor , passed away peacefully in the company of his family and staff on sunday evening , 9th december 2012 , at the age of 92 .
` dr. moulton was an inspiration for generations of engineers , designers and inventors , ' it says .
` educated at marlborough and cambridge , alex moulton worked at bristol aeroplanes as assistant to sir roy fedden during ww2 .
` he joined bradford on avon rubber manufacturers spencer moulton in 1945 , leading a new research team .
` his collaboration with sir alec issigonis resulted in moulton suspension , including ` hydrolastic ' and ` hydragas ' systems , being employed in over twelve million british cars from the original mini