a dallas woman faces up to 20 years in federal prison for her role in the overdose death of a 19-year-old apparent first-time heroin user .
rian lashley , whose teenage youtube debut revealed a talented and beautiful singer rife with potential , died in march 2014 after a stripper 's implausible attempt to rob her of $ 3,000 went terribly wrong .
that stripper , cierra rounds , gave her disgusting account of the ill-fated plot in court on tuesday as she pleaded guilty to conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute a controlled substance .
sad : 19-year-old rian lashley was killed in an attempt to rob her by injecting her with heroin that went terribly wrong , prosecutors say .
dallas stripper cierra rounds , right , revealed in court tuesday the calamitous chain of events that led to lashley 's demise .
the trouble began when rounds , along with some of her friends , met with the young woman at a plano , texas ihop in order to sell her $ 100 worth of heroin .
while they ate , the new york daily news reports , rounds and her friend kathryn dirks , 25 , came to discover that lashley was carrying $ 3,000 cash ion her purse .
rounds soon reached out to her drug dealer , identified as j.c. or jaymo , nbcdfw reports , and the plan was hatched .
' i figured ud -lrb- sic -rrb- want me on this money , ' rounds texted j.c. .
the trio then drove to a home in dallas .
j.c. told rounds via text message to keep lashley there .
` ima bout -lrb- sic -rrb- to shoot her up for her first time , ' rounds said .
at the home , prosecutors say rounds and dirks , at lashley 's request , injected heroin into the teen .
tragic : the trouble began when rounds , along with some of her friends , met with lashley at a plano , texas ihop in order to sell her $ 100 worth of heroin .
china white : the 19-year-old had never done heroin .
she was sold three bags of china white by rounds ' cohort glen brunton , according to prosecutors .
little girl lost : lashley 's funeral home obituary page is covered in heartfelt condolences to lashley 's