a serving policeman and a 49-year-old woman have been arrested in connection with the andrew mitchell ` plebgate ' affair following fresh information .
a diplomatic protection group police officer has been arrested in connection with the andrew mitchell ` plebgate ' affair following fresh information , scotland yard said today .
the 48-year-old police constable was held on suspicion of misconduct in a public office this morning as part of operation alice , the investigation into whether officers lied about a dispute which led to the tory mp being forced to quit the cabinet .
a 49-year-old woman - who is not a police officer - was arrested at a separate address on suspicion of assisting an offender .
the arrested policeman is one of four officers previously issued with a regulation 15 notice , served following an alleged breach of standards of professional behaviour .
he has been on restricted duties and is expected to be suspended later today .
a scotland yard spokesman said : ` on june 4 , officers working on operation alice received fresh information regarding the investigation .
` as a result of this information and subsequent investigations , the directorate of professional standards has arrested two people , a man and a woman , at two residential addresses , this morning .
' they were taken to separate police stations - one in london and the other outside the capital - and remain in custody .
the independent police complaints commission , which supervises the investigation , has been informed .
mr mitchell quit as chief whip after it was claimed that he swore at police officers and called them ` plebs ' when they refused to let him leave downing street on his bike via the main gate in september last year .
but a subsequent channel 4 investigation cast doubt on that account when it revealed cctv footage which showed there was not a large group of tourists outside the main gate at the time as had originally been claimed .
an email from a civilian witness backing up the police account of events has also been called into question .
mr mitchell quit as chief whip after it was claimed that he swore at police officers and called them ` plebs ' when they refused to let him leave downing street on his bike via the main gate in