the producer of the new james bond thriller spectre denies that the script was changed to get incentives in mexico .
earlier , it was reported that leaked emails indicated that mexico made suggestions on the nationality of an actress and the villain , the villain 's intended victim and some film shots .
implicitly , mexico 's incentives for the film were at stake , it said .
producer michael g. wilson said wednesday : ` there is nothing in the script that we had n't had before .
the villain was always an italian ... we already shot that in rome .
' scroll down for video .
producer michael g. wilson and bond girl stephanie sigman arrive for a photo call ahead of a press conference to discuss sigman 's role in the upcoming 007 film spectre in mexico city .
asked about mexico 's purported insistence on a mexican actress in a role known as estrella , wilson said , ` we always had a mexican actress playing this part .
' the film has cast mexican actress stephanie sigman in the role .
officials in mexico city have declined to comment on possible incentives offered on the movie , which is scheduled to begin its mexico filming thursday .
relying on emails leaked as part of the recent hacking of sony pictures entertainment , website tax analysts said that the target of the villain sciarra should be an international leader rather than mexico city 's mayor and that a ` special police force ' should appear in the film instead of mexican police .
the film has cast mexican actress stephanie sigman as a character called estrella .
actor daniel craig as 007 filming an action scene in solden , austria , for new bond film spectre .
wilson confirmed there are incentives .
` everywhere we go we have incentives , ' he said at a news conference .
` sometimes they 're taxes ; sometimes they 're other kind of incentives .
you can get cooperation , you can get things you would usually pay for for free and all that .
' but it was n't just incentives .
wilson confirmed that mexico 's ` day of the dead ' traditions will be seen in the film , or at least a bond version - ` where everything is sort of magnified