by .
mark prigg .
published : .
14:43 est , 5 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
11:30 est , 7 december 2012 .
the moon took quite a beating in its early days , more than previously believed , scientists reported wednesday .
this surprising new view of the moon comes from detailed gravity mapping by twin nasa spacecraft , which slipped into orbit around the celestial body earlier this year to peer into the interior .
researchers have long known that the moon and rocky planets - including the earth - suffered heavy bombardment from asteroids and comets during their formative years billions of years ago .
scroll down for video .
the variations in the lunar gravity field as measured by nasa 's gravity recovery and interior laboratory -lrb- grail -rrb- during its primary mapping mission from march to may 2012 .
these maps of the moon show the ` bouguer ' gravity anomalies on the lunar surface caused by collisions .
the map was created by the dual grail spacecraft transmitting radio signals to define precisely the distance between them as they orbit the moon in formation .
as they fly over areas of greater and lesser gravity caused by visible features , such as mountains and craters , and masses hidden beneath the lunar surface , the distance between the two spacecraft will change slightly .
now they are just starting to realize the extent .
the moon is ` far more broken up and shattered than we 've seen before , ' said mission chief scientist maria zuber of the massachusetts institute of technology .
measurements by the nasa spacecraft called ebb and flow also found that the moon 's crust , or outermost layer , is much thinner than scientists thought - only about 25 miles thick .
results were presented wednesday at a meeting of the american geophysical union meeting in san francisco and published online in the journal science .
though past missions have measured lunar gravity - about one-sixth earth 's pull - ebb and flow are the first spacecraft dedicated to this pursuit .
to collect data , the washing machine-size spacecraft flew in formation , orbiting about 35 miles above the moon 's surface .
their positions allowed them to look deep inside .
underground lunar dykes identified by grail are 50 times longer and