by .
rob waugh .
last updated at 5:13 pm on 19th december 2011 .
it does n't take a food expert to say that western and asian foods taste different .
but it does take an expert to explain why .
the idea of ` food pairing ' is n't new - chemically analysing foods to see which flavour compounds they share has led restaurants to pair unlikely foods such as white chocolate and caviar .
but new research - analysing 381 ingredients , 1021 flavour compounds and 56,498 recipes - has found that east asian food takes an entirely different approach .
it actually avoids foods that match .
pork chops with apple wedges and raisins : thirteen ingredients - including pork - appear in 74.4 per cent of western cooking .
beef and vegetable stir fry : while east asian cuisine does have ` defining ' flavours such as garlic and soy sauce , its approach to pairing foods is different .
` flavour pairing ' has led to some of the most exciting cooking of the past few years .
but it seems that ` pairing ' foods is n't a hard and fast rule - and western and asian foods ` pair ' flavours in completely different ways .
` western cuisines tend to use ` pairs ' that share many flavours , ' say the researchers in a paper published in nature .
` but east asian cuisines tend to avoid ingredients that share them .
this investigation opens new avenues towards understanding culinary practices .
' the thickness of the ` cords ' connecting the flavours here shows how many flavours they share - western cuisine is more likely to pair foods that share lots of flavours , whereas east asian cuisine avoids obvious ` pairs ' this crucial difference in approach explains why food from different sides of the globe tastes so radically different .
researchers including sebastian ahnert from the university of cambridge analysed 381 ingredients used around the world , and 1021 flavour compounds found in those ingredients - networking them to show how many ` flavours ' each ingredient shared .
they then compared the information with 56,498 recipes from epicurious.com and allrecipes.com , plus a korean recipe site menupan.com to see which of five cultures - north american , western european , southern european , latin and east