being compared to a household utensil is probably not every premier league footballer 's idea of a compliment , but when tim sherwood called fabian delph aston villa 's hoover he meant it with affection kim and aggie would appreciate .
you know , the pair from that show that used to be on channel 4 , how clean is your house ?
never mind .
roy hodgson is another who recognises the need for an instrument in his england machine capable of covering large ground to suck up danger .
it is why hodgson handed delph his international debut last august and is liable to pick the 25-year-old again .
fabian delph has been likened to a hoover vacuum cleaner his ability to suck up balls by tim sherwood .
delph covers a huge amount of ground in midfield and has been brilliant in aston villa 's recent resurgence .
tim sherwood has helped to turn villa - and particularly delph - around and improve their form of late .
hodgson names his squad for the forthcoming matches against lithuania and italy on thursday and has been given reason of late to select delph .
as villa 's season drifted into the mire under paul lambert , delph 's form was a concern .
unable to impact games in a meaningful fashion , a continuation of his england career following two months out after shoulder surgery seemed uncertain .
delph was not doing anything particularly wrong , just not much special .
his last three games however , since sherwood shook the club by its neck , have seen that spark return .
he scored his first goal of the season with an arrowed finish against west bromwich albion in that fa cup quarter-final , he assisted his second goal of the season with a cross for scott sinclair against stoke , and he has driven villa forward with regularity .
sherwood 's arrival at the club in place of paul lambert has changed delph from a concern to an asset .
delph scored his first goal of the season in villa 's fa cup quarter-final win over west bromwich albion .
delph 's sweet strike got one over villa 's local rivals in a high-intensity game that suited the midfielder .
there were reasons villa fans mobbed him so feverishly during the west brom pitch invasion : a