by .
leon watson .
updated : .
09:28 est , 29 december 2011 .
the new tax will add just over 1p to a can of fizzy drink such as coca-cola .
france has approved a ` fat tax ' on sugary soft drinks in a bid to combat soaring child obesity and boost state coffers .
the new tax will add just over 1p to a can of fizzy drink like coca-cola or fanta but zero-calorie ` diet ' drinks will be exempt from the charges , the government said .
the new measures - a hike of from 3 to 6 euro cents per litre on sugary drinks - are also expected to raise more than # 100million a year for government coffers .
the revenue would be used to fund lower social security charges for farm workers , the government said .
france 's constitutional council approved the new soda tax yesterday after it was announced in .
august .
however , the tax has been slammed by beverage firms including coca-cola , which in .
september said it was suspending a planned 17-million-euro investment .
at a plant in the south of france in ' a symbolic protest against a tax .
that punishes our company and stigmatises our products ' .
the move comes after france also announced it would be rationing tomato ketchup and salt in school canteens .
under the rules , tomato sauce and mayonnaise will only be on dinner tables once a week when chips are served and would be removed when traditional french dishes such as roast veal are served .
denmark also recently announced a new higher tax on foods containing high levels of saturated fat .
a recent study found a fast-food diet of junk food is turning the traditionally skinny french into a nation of fatties .
more than 20 million french people are now overweight and seven million of those are clinically obese - double the figure for 14 years ago , according to france 's national institute for health and medical research .
despite still being officially europe 's second thinnest people , the weight of the average french person has soared by half a stone to 11 stone 4lbs since 1997 , the report found .
obesity : government 's are now tackling excessive weight gain in their populations and are targeting sugary