by .
daniel miller .
published : .
09:26 est , 16 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:15 est , 26 march 2013 .
the niece of scientology leader david miscavige has told of her miserable upbringing inside the church and how she tried to commit suicide by jumping off the roof of its celebrity headquarters in los angeles .
jenna miscavige , said she was kept away from her parents sometimes for over a year at a time , forced to break rocks on a riverbed and grilled on her sex life at the tender age of 13 .
things got so bad that at the age of 16 , when she was stopped from seeing a boyfriend , she climbed out onto the roof of scientology 's celebrity headquarters on hollywood boulevard and was ready to jump before church elders frantically pulled her back inside .
speaking out : jenna miscavige -lrb- right -rrb- niece of scientology leader david miscavige -lrb- left -rrb- has told how she was driven to try and commit suicide after enduring a miserable childhood inside the church .
drop : ms miscavige said she tried to jump off the the roof of scientology 's celebrity headquarters in los angeles but was held back by church officials .
in her new book beyond belief : my secret life inside scientology and my harrowing escape , ms miscavige tells how she managed to escape the clutches of the church , famous for its celebrity devotees like tom cruise and john travolta .
and she claims cruise 's six-year-old daughter suri had a lucky escape after her mother katie holmes split from the superstar actor .
ms miscavige , 29 , told the sun : ' i do n't know what will happen to suri in her relationship with her mother but i know the scientologists tore my family apart ' .
escape : ms miscavige claims cruise 's daughter suri .
had a lucky escape after her mother katie holmes split from the .
superstar actor .
in her incredible account of growing up inside the church , mrs miscavige hill told how her parents had joined the sea orgs , the church 's elite inner circle , and worked 14 hour days .
she was brought up in a scientology nursery before being sent to a ranch in the californian desert