britain was on flood watch today as forecasters warned the country could be facing one of its wettest winters ever .
five flood warnings - including one for the river clyst near exeter , devon , and four for the tayside area of central scotland - are in place for the uk , as well as 15 flood alerts .
in a three-month forecast for the winter period the met office has said the outlook ` suggests an increased risk of milder and wetter than average conditions ' .
scroll down for video .
three-day forecast : most of the country woke up to dull and dreary conditions today , with heavy rainfall especially across the south-west of england and parts of wales .
across britain : five flood warnings are in place for the uk as well as 15 flood alerts , as this graphic shows .
watch out : this environment agency map shows the flood alerts and warnings in place for england and wales only , with the red point in the south-west being for the river clyst near exeter , devon .
levels : a man walks next to sandbags on the bank of the river parrett today in burrowbridge , somerset - an area which was hit by serious flooding earlier in the year .
last winter was the wettest on record , with the average rainfall for winter reaching about eight inches greater than the usual for the time of year .
most of the country woke up to dull and dreary conditions today , with heavy rainfall especially across the south-west of england and parts of wales .
in the south-west of england rainfall is not expected to be as high as the end of last week but river levels will be sensitive to further rainfall , the environment agency said .
met office forecaster laura corrigan said : ` the rain will ease and fragment for most places as we move through the day , but it will be quite persistent in north-east scotland .
` there is also a chance of windspeeds in the north-east of england and up into scotland reaching between 35 and 40mph .
' later this evening the eastern and southern coasts are likely to see ` a few showers ' , she added .
it 's raining cats and dogs : two pooches are soaked during