by .
sophie freeman .
it is said that when a man marries his mistress , he creates a vacancy .
and research suggests the saying may well be right .
partners who are ` poached ' from others are more likely to cheat in their new relationship , psychologists have found .
relationships that are formed by stealing someone 's partner are also more likely to be unhappy generally and are at a higher risk of break-up .
partners who are ` poached ' from others are more likely to cheat in their new relationship , psychologists from the university of south alabama have found -lrb- file pic -rrb- .
scientists from the university of south alabama asked 443 men and women how much they agreed with a series of statements to gauge their levels of commitment and satisfaction in their relationships .
the statements included ` i am aware that there are plenty more `` fish in the sea ''' , ` i rarely notice other good-looking or attractive people ' and ` our relationship makes me very happy ' .
between 10 per cent and 30 per cent of participants in each of the studies said they were in relationships that began when they left one romantic partner for another .
professor joshua foster , lead author of the studies by the university of south alabama , said : ` individuals who were poached by their current romantic partners were less committed , less satisfied , and less invested in their relationships .
scientists asked 443 men and women about their relationships .
` they also paid more attention to romantic alternatives , perceived their alternatives to be of higher quality , and engaged in higher rates of infidelity compared to non-poached participants .
' the results , published in the journal of research in personality , also showed that those who left one partner for another were more likely to possess negative personality traits such as being self-absorbed , vain or arrogant , as the scientists expected .
but they were surprised to find that ` introverts ' were more likely to be poached than extroverts .
` the introversion finding was surprising because previous research suggested that people who get a lot of poaching attempts tend to have outgoing personalities -lrb- they 're extroverted -rrb- , ' professor foster said .
` but we found