activated charcoal is thought to act as a ` detox ' are you the first to jump on the latest food fad bandwagon ?
do you regularly ` detox ' with a green tea or a wheatgrass juice ?
or pack your diet full of flax seeds and acai berry - all in the hope of improving your cholesterol , preventing cancer and promoting weight loss ?
every day across the world scientists publish countless studies into the health benefits of various foods .
for example , acai berries have been linked to weight loss and cancer prevention , flax seeds are thought to help lower blood pressure and reduce the risk of heart disease , while coconut oil has been hailed as a weight loss aid .
more recently charcoal , freekah , spiralizing and bone broth have emerged as the latest craze in healthy eating .
each comes with its own promise , with claims of ` melting away fat cells ' , ` supercharging the metabolism ' , and ` regenerating and revitalising ' .
but what is the truth ?
i am often asked in clinic about fad diets and products by patients , desperate to find a quick way to shift the pounds .
some of these fads are clearly bonkers , with no scientific evidence to back them up .
others have some basis in common-sense and may be worth including in the healthy , balanced , real-food appproach to eating that is the only way to succeed in the long term .
i asked sophie claessens , our vavista dietitian , to pick the ` miracle ' foods from the fads ... activated charcoal .
due to its use by medical professionals in the effective treatment of toxic poisoning , some believe that taking active charcoal , often in the form of a capsule can ` detox ' the body .
however it 's not as easy as that ; the charcoal will only remove certain poisons and only if they have recently been ingested and are therefore not yet absorbed .
is it worth trying ?
no .
firstly , ` detoxing ' is a word my colleagues and i do n't agree with .
we should be aiming for an everything in moderation approach rather than a ` binge-detox ' cycle .
secondly , activated charcoal has only been shown to