by .
james rush .
published : .
13:30 est , 5 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:31 est , 5 february 2013 .
a 14-year-old girl ` set up ' a schoolboy to be stabbed to death by her boyfriend after a row over football , the old bailey heard .
she called her 16-year-old boyfriend to a housing estate in brixton , south london , where he killed keen footballer junior nkwelle , 15 , jurors were told .
the court heard junior and his friends had been playing football on a grassy area when an argument broke out .
murdered : junior nkwelle -lrb- left -rrb- was stabbed to death by a 16-year-old boy , called to a housing estate in brixton , by his 14-year-old girlfriend , a court has heard .
floral tributes were left near the scene where junior died .
the youngster was stabbed in the chest after the older boy arrived on a bus and started fighting with him .
he died on the makeshift pitch on the loughborough estate in september , last year , after the knife cut his heart and a lung .
the girl and her boyfriend , who is now 17 , deny murder .
they can not be named for legal reasons .
the old bailey today heard how junior and his friends had been playing on a grassy area when an argument broke out .
prosecutor jonathan turner , qc , told jurors it was likely junior and his alleged killer did not know each other .
jonathan turner , qc , prosecuting , said it was likely junior and his alleged killer did not know each other and there was no quarrel between them .
mr turner said : ` he -lrb- the defendant -rrb- had been telephoned by his girlfriend and told to come to the estate to teach junior nkwelle a lesson .
` there had been an argument between her friends and junior 's friends whilst the football was going on .
` she thought that junior had insulted her or been less than respectful to her .
junior died on the makeshift pitch on the loughborough estate in september , last year , after the knife cut his heart and a lung .
` she was very angry and determined that he should be punished - indeed