harrison ford may have been survived thursday 's plane crash without life-threatening injury , but the actor 's distraught wife is now urging him to take the hint and stay grounded permanently after his lucky escape .
ford has a passion for flying , but wife of five years , calista flockhart , 50 , is strongly urging her 72-year-old husband that now is the time to call it quits because he might not be so fortunate next time .
ford suffered multiple injuries , including a fractured pelvis and broken ankle , when he crash landed his 1940s aircraft onto a californian golf course , but he is expected to make a full recovery .
calista flochart , 50 , was pictured on sunday on her way to ucla hospital looking relieved and almost smiling as it emerged that ford could be out as early as next week .
the ally mcbeal star is strongly urging her 72-year-old husband harrison ford that now is the time to call it quits as a pilot after his lucky escape from a plane crash last thursday .
the star wars-star has a passion for flying his prized collection of planes .
` calista is devastated .
thank goodness harrison is ok but it could have been much , much worse , ' a friend of the actress told the mirror .
` it is a worry for her and his children that he has this dangerous hobby .
` whether or not he will pilot a plane again remains to be seen but everyone around him certainly hopes he will take a break -- or give it up for ever .
it is obviously a huge worry .
' the ally mcbeal star was pictured on sunday on her way to ucla hospital looking relieved and almost smiling as it emerged that ford could be out as early as next week .
flockhart is n't the only one voicing her concerns for the screen legend , star wars co-star carrie fisher has also urged him to ` take a break ' following his plane crash and take it easy .
bloodied : harrison ford is carried away from the scene of his plane crash on penmar golf course in venice , los angeles on thursday .
wreckage : harrison ford is believed to have suffered a pelvic fracture , ankle injuries ,