by .
leesa smith .
recreational pole dancers have been branded prostitutes due to their alleged raunchy routines , which have forced them out of their studio by the affluent melbourne community of kew .
the fiery claims have started a war with outraged clients , who have been branded strippers and ` undesirables ' , insisting they are well-educated professionals who signed up to simply have fun .
pole princess owner anastacia snellesk says she is almost $ 100,000 out of pocket after the city of boroondara council threw out her application to move the classes from kew to hawthorn east -- but not until after she had signed a new lease , paid the rent and spent thousands of dollars on renovations .
scroll down for video .
pole princess in kew has lost its lease after claims of attracting ` undesirables ' ` i 'm angry , i 'm annoyed , i think it 's ridiculous that someone wo n't find out what actually goes on before making such a terrible complaint , ' she told a current affair .
after running her business for eight years , the council received eight complaints involving parking , noise and a ` pornographic ' sign - which is a picture of ms snellesk .
` you can imagine how aghast we were to find a nine-foot colour photo of a stripper stuck to the front of our building one day , ' justin morris , who runs an architecture business upstairs , said .
` we have had an onslaught of bad taste jokes from clients coming to our offices for meetings .
' those that take part in ms snellesk 's pole dancing classes are outraged by claims that the studio could attract ` undesirables ' to the commercial area where young families visited .
` it all comes back to being uneducated .
we are not strippers .
i 'm a mum , ' one class member said .
` our students , our staff , our teachers , everyone -- we 're all doctors , we 're nurses , we 're lawyers we 're all walks of people and we are just here to have fun .
' ms snellesk vowed not to give in but said both the council and mr morris were not willing to cooperate .
` i tried to negotiate with him