just over a month ago , dieter gruschwitz dialled jurgen klopp 's mobile number , not the first to be quite unsure whether he was about to be deafened with a sonic boom of anger -- or to be treated to ` kloppo 's ' quick-witted and generous bonhomie .
the programme director of german tv station zdf needed to make the peace .
klopp had taken umbrage at the ` stupid question ' of zdf front-man jochen breyer in the aftermath of real madrid 's clinical 3-0 destruction of borussia dortmund in the champions league quarter-final first leg .
` that 's the tie over ?
' breyer asked the notoriously volatile and edgy dortmund manager .
` how can i accept my salary this month if i stand here and say that 's us out ?
' klopp reasonably demanded .
` it 'd be just as stupid of me to say we are definitely going to hammer them .
i can stand here and give stupid answers to stupid questions but i 'm not going to any more , ' klopp finished before calmly walking off .
complex character : borussia dortmund 's coach jurgen klopp did not hold any grudges against the tv station .
gruschwitz discovered that klopp bore no malice .
that he 'd ` forgotten ' about the whole thing .
two things emerged from the incident .
dortmund roasted real madrid 2-0 in the return leg , not taking the tie to extra time for the simple reason that iker casillas played miraculously well .
secondly , that was the low point of a brutally testing season .
the 3-0 defeat to a team which the previous season they 'd beaten twice , eliminated from the champions league semi-final and scored a grand total of eight goals against must have felt like the straw which crippled the camel .
instead it was a point of inflection .
they have rallied -- winning 3-0 at bayern 10 days later and qualifying for the german cup final next saturday in berlin ... against bayern .
set against the backdrop of sudden disharmony in munich -lrb- pep guardiola 's methods under question , an inability to properly value a bundesliga title won in record time and a 4-0 home thrashing by madrid in the semi-final second leg -rrb- dortmund are already finishing their season with