a feline described as ` the world 's saddest cat ' has found a new home after she was put up for adoption , it was revealed today .
tucker , a one-year-old cat with an unusual appearance due to genetic abnormalities , was taken to the purrfect pals cat shelter in arlington , washington , after her owners no longer wanted to keep her .
she suffers from an auto-immune disease making her skin very thin and easy to bruise .
the cat also has hair loss because of scabs that she pulls off - and is therefore dressed in t-shirts to prevent this .
scroll down for video .
put up for adoption : tucker is a one-year-old cat with an unusual appearance due to genetic abnormalities .
problems : she suffers from an auto-immune disease making her skin very thin and easy to bruise .
tucker is said by animal workers to .
enjoy sitting on laps and playing with string toys , as well as being .
petted under the chin and behind the ears -- and especially likes being .
around children .
and after a media campaign that .
attracted attention on both sides of the atlantic , workers at the centre .
were swamped with requests from people around the world who wanted to .
adopt her .
now , she has been given to a woman .
known only as ` katie ' , who works at a vet clinic and already has .
experience of caring for special-needs kittens with her husband .
the couple already have a cat called .
poe with many of the same problems faced by tucker - whose story was .
first published by media outlets about a month ago .
likes being around children : tucker is said to enjoy sitting on laps and playing with string toys .
popular : workers at the centre were swamped with requests from people who wanted to adopt tucker .
a purrfect pals spokesman said today : ` katie works at a vet clinic and she and her husband have plenty of experience caring for special needs kitties .
` we could n't dream of a better match for tucker ' purrfect pals spokesman .
` they actually already have a cat , poe , with many of the same symptoms that tucker has .
his skin bruises