by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
17:25 est , 30 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
17:30 est , 30 january 2014 .
the wisconsin woman who lost all of her three young daughters when her ex-husband murdered them out of revenge has remarried , and is expecting a new child .
jennifer peterson 's ex-husband aaron schaffhausen had come over to her house for an unsupervised visit in july 2012 with the daughters amara , 11 , sophie , 8 , and cecilia , 5 .
he called two hours later saying : ` you can come home now , i killed the kids ' .
schaffhausen was sentenced to three consecutive life sentences a year later .
getting better : jessica peterson -lrb- right -rrb- , the mother of three girls murdered by their own father a year and a half ago , is now remarried and expecting a new baby .
pictured above with her husband matthew .
too young : mrs peterson 's daughters amara -lrb- 11 -rrb- , sophie -lrb- 8 -rrb- and cecilia -lrb- 5 -rrb- were murdered by their own father out of revenge .
behind bars : mrs peterson 's ex-husband aaron schaffhausen was sentenced to three consecutive life sentences last july .
eighteen months after the brutal triple-murder peterson is still pained by her daughters ' loss , but is getting by with the support of her new husband matthew and the business of getting ready for a new baby .
mrs peterson is currently seven months pregnant .
` the key to much of my life is this balancing dual emotions , having to always be a little sad and a little happy at the same time , ' mrs peterson told ktsp .
` it definitely helps in my process of trying to keep going , to bring some more love back into this world .
' mrs peterson has a positive outlook considering all of the dark she 's seen since july 10 , 2012 , when her ex texted her for permission to have an unscheduled visit with their daughters .
she .
consented but said he had to be gone before she got home because she .
did n't want to see him .
the girls ' baby sitter told investigators the .
children were excited when he arrived , and