by .
leon watson .
south .
korean president park geun-hye tearfully apologised today for a ferry .
disaster that killed about 300 passengers and .
said she would break up the coastguard for failing in its duties .
park .
has been hit hard by an angry nationwide outcry over the government 's .
response to south korea 's worst civilian maritime disaster in 20 years .
and the seemingly slow and ineffective rescue operation .
polls show support for park has dropped by more than 20 points since the april 16 disaster .
scroll down for video .
south korean president park geun-hye prays during a serves to pay tribute to victims of the sunken ferry sewol at a catholic church in seoul .
' i .
apologise to the nation for the pain and suffering that everyone felt , .
as the president who should have been responsible for the safety and .
lives of the people , ' park said in a televised national address , her .
first since the sewol capsized and sank with 476 passengers and crew on .
board .
she fought back sobs .
as she remembered some of the teenagers who perished trying to help one .
another , calling them heroes in an unprecedented show of emotion .
park , .
who is serving a single five-year term , is the daughter of park .
chung-hee , the former military strongman who ruled for nearly two .
decades in the 1960s and 1970s .
she lost both her parents to assassins .
at least 286 people were killed and 18 remain missing .
only 172 people were rescued , with the rest presumed to have drowned .
of the passengers , 339 were children and their teachers on a field trip from a high school on the outskirts of seoul .
park .
vowed sweeping reforms to improve oversight , as well as tough .
punishment for bureaucrats and businesses whose negligence endangers .
public safety .
investigators believe that the sewol ferry , pictured , capsized last month as the ship was carrying excess cargo .
' a .
20-year-old vessel was bought and refurbished to add excessive capacity , .
then it was loaded with much more cargo than allowed with a false .
reporting on weight , but not a single person in the position to