ukip yesterday pledged to fast-track british passport holders through airport customs in their own queue .
nigel farage said he wanted one queue for britons and ` one line for the rest of the world ' to help weed out illegal immigrants .
giving his speech at the party 's conference , he claimed ukip was ` parking its tanks ' on labour 's lawn and now threatened ` the entire british political class ' .
scroll down for video .
man of the people : nigel farage talks to workmen over breakfast at a doncaster cafe yesterday .
ukip leader nigel farage delivered his key note speech during the party 's annual conference in doncaster .
mr farage told supporters the party was not only a threat to the tories but ` to the entire british political class ' mr farage was loudly cheered by ukip supporters throughout his speech as he attacked labour and the tories .
he promised to take his fight to labour 's heartlands as ukip unveiled a package of policies to broaden the party 's appeal .
mr farage said ukip was attracting vast chunks of labour 's traditional working-class voters as well as tories .
he told supporters : ` this party is not about left and right , this party is about right and wrong .
' tougher border controls were promised , with more officials and health checks on migrants before they are allowed to enter the uk .
he also said ukip would : .
speaking in doncaster , where one of the local mps is labour leader ed miliband , mr farage said ukip was targeting blue-collar voters as well as its traditional right-wing supporters .
mr farage lambasted the ` one party state ' which exists in many towns and cities in many northern regions .
mr farage said labour needed to be tackled because it was too ` complacent ' and had failed to protect children from sex abuse in rotherham .
he said the crimes had come about as a ` direct result ' of labour policies .
mr farage 's german wife kirsten -lrb- pictured -rrb- , who is rarely seen in public , attended the doncaster conference .
he said the party was making major inroads into labour support in the midlands , the north and across wales .
he also said labour 's