a georgia couple faces murder charges after being accused of savagely beating their toddler to death .
two-year-old aiden calvo 's battered body was covered in bruises , blood was splattered on his bedroom wall , he had broken bones -- parents elizabeth calvo , 21 , and adam garber , 25 , were arrested while the baby was taken to the hospital dec 16 .
the extent of the boy 's injuries has upset even the most grizzled of police veterans .
now in jail : elizabth calvo -lrb- left -rrb- and adam garber -lrb- right -rrb- have both been charged with murder .
` amongst law enforcement , these are the type of cases that really get under your skin , ' gwinnett police cpl. jake smith told wsb .
police were called to the evil couple 's suburban atlanta apartment while he was having seizures and coughing up blood , according to a police report cited by the atlanta journal-constitution .
what they found inside the house of horrors shocked them .
the staggering severity of the abuse suffered by the helpless baby was not discovered until he arrived at the hospital .
he had bruises on his back , forehead and genitals , a hand print on his buttocks , bite marks on multiple fingers , bleeding in his nose and stomach , a fractured skull , diaper rash so severe it caused the skin to breakdown and bleeding on the brain from a traumatic brain injury .
the baby 's blood was splattered on the walls .
mr garber attempted to explain the grisly scene by saying he had diaper rash and bruised easily , cops said .
tortured toddler : aiden calvo , only two-years-old , was beaten to death by his parents , cops said .
house of horrors : the couple shared by the demented couple and where the baby 's blood was found splattered on the walls .
the suffering baby is believed to have died from the head wound , mr smith told wsb .
the pair initially faced child cruelty charges , but those were upgraded once the tortured toddler succumbed to his injuries only three days before christmas .
ms calvo and mr garber both turned on each other under questioning from investigators , blaming the other for the abuse -- authorities did not buy it .
`