by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
13:00 est , 1 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
15:15 est , 1 october 2012 .
indianapolis colts coach chuck pagano has been diagnosed with leukemia and is expected to be hospitalized six to eight weeks as he undergoes treatment .
he will be replaced on an interim basis by offensive coordinator bruce arians .
team owner jim irsay made the announcement on monday during a somber and sometimes emotional news conference at the team complex .
seriously ill : chuck pagano is being kept in a ` protected ' hospital environment where air is filtered and hand-washing is essential .
indianapolis colts owner jim irsay , right , general manager ryan grigson , center , and interim head coach bruce arians at monday 's press conference .
' i think it 's unlikely he 'll be all in as the head coach the rest of this season , ' irsay said .
` he may be able to come back and be in the press box or something .
' the 51-year-old pagano is in his first season with the colts -lrb- 1-2 -rrb- .
he was hired in january after serving as the baltimore ravens ' defensive coordinator .
dr. larry cripe , the physician treating the coach at indiana university 's simon cancer center , said pagano has acute myeloid leukemia , where the bone marrow is producing abnormal white blood cells that interfere with healthy blood cells .
symptoms can include weakness , weight loss and easy bruising or bleeding .
treatments can include chemotherapy , drugs and radiation therapy .
irsay said pagano 's wife pushed him to see the doctor after noticing unusual bruising on the coach 's body .
the initial phase of treatment usually requires a hospital stay of four to five weeks , though irsay later acknowledged he expected pagano to be in the hospital at least six weeks .
coach pagano only took over at the colts in january .
cripe said pagano began the ` arduous ' treatment last week and that many adults do recover from the disease .
for now , pagano is being kept in a ` protected ' hospital environment .
where air is filtered and hand-washing is essential .
pagano was admitted last wednesday evening ; the team had a bye this