by .
lucy waterlow .
forget tiger mothers , the pushiest parents in the world are those who want their children to be the best in the cutthroat world of modern dance in the u.s. british viewers will get the chance to see just how competitive the pastime is when the new series of dance moms airs on lifetime next week .
the reality tv show goes behind the scenes at pittsburgh 's renowned abby lee dance company , owned and operated by the formidable abby lee miller .
checking up : the ` dance moms ' watch as their children rehearse .
looking for the best : dance teacher abby lee miller , right , watches the girls perform .
no sugar-coating : miller is n't afraid to tell the children what she really thinks of their dancing .
competitive : the girls -lrb- and their mothers -rrb- are desperate to be the best .
best behaviour : how the mothers act can influence whether miller gives their daughter a starring role .
miller is so determined to find the best dancers , she pushes children to be the best they can be - and does n't spare their feelings if she thinks they are not up to scratch .
her appraisals of auditions make simon cowell look soft .
she uses phrases such as ` only number one is good enough !
' and ` quit that crying cr ** !
' when the children perform .
miller says : ` i 'm not looking for somebody to be second place .
i want a member who stretches every night before they go to bed , i want kids who can learn a routine in one day and compete the next .
i want it all .
' she adds : ' i want kids that want it , that want to be the best they can be .
' at war : the dance moms compete with one another to help their daughters get ahead .
looking older than their years : the girls wear make-up and have perfectly groomed hair for their performances .
practise makes perfect : the boys and girls perfect their moves .
children can learn to dance at the company from the age of two but dance moms follows a troupe aged eight and above who are competing to win coveted awards