two british researchers have ` disappeared ' in qatar after being harassed and followed by plain clothes police , according to a human rights group .
researcher krishna upadhyaya , 52 , and photographer ghimire gundev , 36 , from london , were due to fly from doha to london on sunday but failed to arrive at the airport .
the global network for rights and development -lrb- gnrd -rrb- said the pair - who had been looking in to reports of poor treatment of nepalese migrant workers as qatar prepares to stage the football world cup in 2022 - had ` feared they might be in danger ' after being harassed by police and had decided to leave the country when they disappeared .
missing : krishna upadhyaya -lrb- left -rrb- and ghimire gundev -lrb- right -rrb- were due to fly to london from doha , qatar , on sunday but did not board the plane .
they had feared for their safety after being followed by plain-clothed police .
the foreign office said it is aware of reports of one missing british national .
a statement from gnrd , based in norway , said it ` holds qatari authorities responsible for the security and safety of its kidnapped employees ' .
ala abu dakka , a programme manager at the ngo , said staff were working tirelessly to locate the pair .
` it has been four days now and we are still putting pressure on the qatari authorities to disclose where they are , ' he said .
` we do believe that they have an idea of where they are because they were being followed by plain clothes police .
` they were being harassed by police before they disappeared .
they were very worried and feared they might be in danger .
` we told them to leave qatar for their safety to avoid the situation we have now .
they were due to fly to london and on to norway .
` we are very concerned about their welfare .
we think they are being investigated in unknown circumstances .
' search : their employers believe officials in the qatari city -lrb- pictured -rrb- are deliberately withholding information .
the pair arrived in the country on august 27 and were due to stay up to one week but reported their fears on saturday .