monty and his beloved dog nigel who noel was able to save from being put down .
rufus the rabbit should not be here .
the three-month-old pet fell out of his hutch and shattered his leg , a fatal injury for most rabbits as the bones are too small to fix .
they are usually put to sleep .
but rufus is bouncing with health , and eager to explore .
vet noel fitzpatrick holds him securely .
` rufus thinks he 's fixed and he wants to hop around the room ... but rufus has n't seen the x-ray pictures .
' those x-rays are extraordinary , proving why animal lovers know noel as the supervet .
rufus has had two metal plates implanted in his leg , fixed with 12 screws in a bone thinner than a matchstick .
` it was like drilling into cottage cheese , ' noel says candidly .
noel , whose work is explored in a new channel 4 series , is on a mission to rescue animals like rufus , the ones that conventional veterinary science agrees can not be saved .
his signature is the bionic op , where mechanical body parts are integrated with the animal 's living skeleton to replace a paw or a leg .
this pushes medical technology to the limit .
` the op i do is n't yet performed on humans , ' he says .
' i hope the technology will one day help human amputees such as war veterans .
' at the suggestion that people should get this revolutionary technology before animals , he becomes hyper-voluble .
` for a long time humans have taken for granted that they can have surgery made possible by experiments on animals , but the animals do n't benefit .
my purpose is to tell people about unconditional love for animals .
this is the essence of life .
' in the first episode of supervet , an eight-year-old labrador called scooby is referred to him .
scooby has cancer , with a leg tumour that has left his bone looking moth-eaten .
noel fitzpatrick with oscar the cat who he gave a pair of prosthetic paws .
the dog is in pain , but the family do n't want to lose him - their son freddie , 11 , is devoted to his pet