by .
bianca london .
while beards have never been more fashionable , a new survey reveals that almost half of men can not even grow a proper one .
as many as 45 per cent of men complain that they have bald patches in their beard or sideburns and as a result , men are increasingly getting their beards and sideburns bolstered with hair transplants .
these men are splashing out # 4,000 on beard and sideburn transplants to copy the more hirsute look favoured by stars like hugh jackman , ben affleck and david beckham .
according to the international society of hair restoration , more than 4,500 facial hair transplants were carried out in the uk last year - that 's more than three times as popular as nose jobs .
celebrity inspirations : men are splashing out # 4,000 on beard and sideburn transplants in an attempt to emulate ben affleck -lrb- left -rrb- and hugh jackman .
but how does it work ?
hair is taken from the back of the scalp in a strip and transplanted into the bald patches of the beard or the sideburn .
dr shahmalak , a surgeon at crown clinic in manchester , said he has seen a 25 per cent increase in the number of procedures over the last three years as beards have become more fashionable .
' a proper , full-grown beard has been the ultimate definition of masculinity for centuries .
but the sad truth is that many men in britain struggle to grow beards , sideburns and moustaches .
before and after : hair is taken from the back of the scalp in a strip and transplanted into the bald patches of the beard or the sideburn .
` they have significant gaps in their facial hair and the end result can look patchy and unconvincing .
` their problems can be easily remedied with a transplant .
we can fill out the areas on their face where there are gaps and they can adopt whatever look they like : a bushy moustache , big sideburns like bradley wiggins or the sexy designer stubble or beards often sported by david beckham or hugh jackman .
facial hair transplants work in the .
same way as hair transplants performed to the patient 's head , using a .
technique called follicular unit extraction -lrb- or