by .
tamara abraham .
beyonce 's showstopping new body was the subject of both awe and controversy at last night 's grammy awards .
now a top celebrity trainer has revealed how the singer , 32 , got a leaner and slimmer shape without losing her curves .
nicole winhoffer , who counts madonna among her clients , says that the trick is to work the muscles in a 360 degree-motion rather than a linear one .
new body : beyonce looked leaner than ever at the grammys last night - but has n't lost her famous curves .
trick of the trade : celebrity trainer nicole winhoffer says the secret to a curvy-yet-lean body like beyonce is to work the muscles in a 360 degree-motion rather than a linear one .
she told mailonline : ` shaping the muscles at 360 degrees is .
important to maintain a feminine figure , rather than the conventional .
linear motion you see by using machines at gyms .
' also contributing to beyonce 's new body , no doubt , is the 22-day vegan challenge she embarked on with husband jay-z in december .
leaner look : ms winhoffer says beyonce 's body at the super bowl last year -lrb- left -rrb- was more muscly - her appearance yesterday -lrb- right -rrb- represents a marked change in her body shape .
the plant-based diet included .
low-calorie dishes like vanilla chia pudding with fresh berries and hemp .
hummus with raw vegetables .
fighting fit : ms winhoffer is a dancer-turned celebrity personal trainer .
ms winhoffer says beyonce 's body yesterday represents a marked change from her more muscular shape of last year .
` we can see a major change in her body .
from previous years .
she represents female empowerment and embodies it .
on stage , her body is lean and elongated but most importantly , feminine .
` she .
was able to keep her v shape while maintaining her rear , keeping it .
plump and lifted .
' she says this new silhouette is the holy grail for a female client .
` this is the secret to any weight loss success .
slimming down while staying curvy .
' and ms winhoffer , a former dancer , has done exactly that with madonna , who she has trained for the past