a former revlon employee is suing the cosmetic company claiming he was unjustly fired and the company 's ceo made racist remarks .
in a lawsuit filed tuesday , alan meyers , 56 , a former chief scientific officer at revlon , claimed revlon ceo and president lorenzo delpani made racist and offensive remarks against , jews , blacks , and americans , the new york post reports .
delpani allegedly said he hates living among americans , calling americans ` small-minded ' and ` dirty , ' according to the court papers .
the italian-born delpani allegedly said he could n't wait to get back to a ` real ' country .
lawsuit : former revlon scientist , alan meyers , 56 , is suing the cosmetic company claiming he was unjustly fired and the company 's ceo lorenzo delpani -lrb- photographed -rrb- made racist remarks .
meyers also holds that he was discriminated against for his jewish heritage .
meyers said that delpani told him he was ` shocked ' that there were n't more jews at the company , with revlon 's largest shareholder being ron perelman , a jewish american .
according to the suit , delpani said that ` jews stick together ' and added that ` thankfully ' perelman ` is not like that anymore .
' in the lawsuit , meyers accused delpani of making racist remarks toward blacks upon his return from a meeting in south africa .
delpani allegedly said he could ` smell a black person when he entered the room , ' according to clutch magazine .
he also allegedly went on an ` anti-american ' rant in which he said the u.s. is becoming like .
isis , the virginia gazette reports .
event : -lrb- left to right -rrb- ron perelman , olivia wilde , and delpani attend the ` love is on ' campaign launch event with olivia wilde at times square in november .
fired : meyers reportedly began working for the cosmetics company in 2010 and was fired last month .
meyers is jewish and american-born .
he claims delpani has had it out for him since he expressed concerns about safety issues surrounding revlon 's acquisition of a spanish beauty care company in 2013 , the gazette reports .
meyers claims delpani accused him of raising ` ghost ' safety problems at the