like many of those facing a diagnosis of multiple sclerosis , barry rudd was willing to try anything to be well again .
the property developer from huntingdon , cambridgeshire , had been an avid three-times-a-week gym-goer when , in 2004 , he was given the devastating news .
just 53 at the time , he had started feeling tired , and his foot began dragging when he walked .
after being referred to a neurologist in june 2005 , the diagnosis was finally given : primary progressive multiple sclerosis .
ms sufferer barry rudd , pictured with his wife lorraine at their home in cambridgeshire , who has been refused the cannabis spray sativex .
one of the more uncommon forms of the disease , affecting only 15 per cent of sufferers , it causes a steady decline as symptoms worsen .
the condition , in which the immune system attacks the central nervous system , slowly robs sufferers of their balance , movement and speech , causing stiffness , numbness , insomnia , pain and exhaustion .
there was little doctors could do to help barry and he was drawn by desperation into the murky world of alternative medicine -- paying more than # 20,000 for bogus treatments in holland and poland that had no effect on his condition .
finally , in late 2010 he saw an article online about a new drug called sativex .
the oral spray is derived from the cannabis plant -- but without any of the associated dangers or side effects -- and works by dampening down the over-activity in the nervous system that damages the muscles , inhibiting movement .
` i mentioned it to my neurologist , who said , `` you ca n't get it in this area .
if you want it you have to buy it privately .
'' so he gave me a private prescription .
i went to my local chemist who charged me # 550 .
' the supply lasted just six weeks , but the effects were almost immediate .
` within a few days i could feel the benefit and after a couple of weeks my symptoms were almost completely gone .
i 'd say i was 80 per cent better , ' says barry .
but , unable to get an nhs prescription , .
after three months barry could no