a chelsea fan who witnessed a black man being prevented from boarding a train in paris has defended the actions of the group , insisting they were singing about their club captain john terry and that other passengers were blocked from entry .
chelsea have vowed to support criminal prosecutions and ban any fans after footage showed the commuter trying to board a metro train in the french capital .
he is blocked by what appears to be a group of chelsea fans travelling to the parc des princes for the 1-1 draw with paris saint-germain on tuesday night .
chelsea fans stopped a black man getting on the train before their side 's match with paris saint-germain .
the man was twice prevented from getting on the carriage as the fans pushed him back on to the platform .
the man talks to the chelsea fans on the train but they would not allow him to board .
mitchell mccoy was one of around 40 or 50 chelsea supporters on the train and he stated they were singing about terry , who was banned for four matches and fined # 220,000 by the football association in october 2012 for racially abusing anton ferdinand .
in terry 's case , the regulatory commission stated that the chelsea captain was ` not a racist ' .
mccoy , a season-ticket holder who travelled to paris with five friends , was named on twitter following the publication of the video .
the 17-year-old from fulham in london said : ` i 'm not in the video but i 'm on the carriage .
we got on the train and at the station where the man was trying to get on we stopped for a couple of minutes .
` he tried to get on and a few people were pushing him off because there was n't much space on the carriage .
you could n't move .
` people were saying it was because he was black .
it 's not true at all .
i personally think it 's because he was a psg fan .
obviously they did n't want him anywhere with us .
` that guy in the video tried to force himself on , so they pushed him off .
' a chant of ` we 're racist and that 's the way we like it '