alex matthews , 28 , thought he was home and dry after the perfect romantic holiday to new york when he proposed to his girlfriend and she accepted .
but after stepping off the flight home he realised something was missing : his phone which they 'd used to document the entire trip , including the moment he popped the question .
the couple has launched a desperate transatlantic appeal for the galaxy phone after , they think , it was left behind on their return flight from newark to birmingham .
the phone contains precious photos documenting alex matthews and emma brown 's once-in-a-lifetime trip .
the phone contains precious photos and videos documenting alex and emma brown 's , 29 , once-in-a-lifetime visit , none of which had been posted online or shared by the couple , as they were waiting until they returned home to show images to their families .
alex , an it consultant , spent months planning the surprise trip for emma , a research assistant .
he roped in her family , friends and work colleagues to help keep the secret before he woke her up at 5am on august 21 last year and told her to pack her bags .
the couple have posted their appeal on the uk 's biggest online lost and found site www.lostbox.co.uk .
it was n't until they got to the airport that emma discovered they were going to the big apple .
alex told her they were going to see a broadway show that he had promised to take her to earlier that year .
the happy couple visited famous sites including times square but it was n't until they were standing on brooklyn bridge that alex asked her to be his wife and she accepted .
after the whirlwind long weekend they flew home from newark airport in new jersey .
but when alex stepped off the plane in britain he realised he 'd left his phone on the aircraft containing every single picture from the trip .
the brookyln bridge in new york where alex proposed to emma on the memorable holiday .
they arrived on ua27 newark - birmingham and think the device could be between their seats 23b and 23a .
despite searches by cabin crew on the united airlines flight the phone was n't found , even though both alex and