by .
gerard couzens .
and jill reilly .
a british man has been sentenced to 20 years jail in peru for pushing his pregnant girlfriend to her death from their home after a valentines day row .
financial trader owen arthur goddard , 35 , was convicted on a single charge of femicide by a court in the capital lima .
part-time dental assistant lidia maribel mendoza riquez , who was nearly four months pregnant with their child , died in the early hours of february 14 2012 after falling near 30 feet from the third-floor flat they shared in upmarket lima neighbourhood san isidro .
financial trader owen arthur goddard , 35 , -lrb- seen righ in 2013 -rrb- was convicted of murdering part-time dental assistant lidia maribel mendoza riquez , left , who was nearly four months pregnant with their child .
goddard survived despite throwing himself from the same apartment in an apparent suicide attempt.detectives found the pair lying side by side by a wooden fence near the block when they arrived .
local tv stations later showed grisly pictures of the injured brit lying unconscious in hospital taken on a mobile phone .
police .
initially treated the incident as an alcohol-fuelled accident but soon .
started to suspect foul play after neighbours said they had heard the .
pair rowing shortly before the tragedy and they discovered his victim .
had reported him for assault months earlier .
prosecutors , who had demanded a 30-year jail sentence , are now expected to appeal .
he was charged with his girlfriend 's murder after coming out of a coma and dubbed the ` english killer ' by local papers .
lidia 's sister flor claimed at the time her pregnancy and goddard 's increasing reliance on drugs had led to her death .
she said : ` that man pushed her because he did n't want to have the baby .
` he threw himself on top of her afterwards to make it look like an accident .
' the body being taken into hospital after the pregnant woman fell to her death from an apartment balcony .
the scene where the body of a pregnant woman was found after she fell from third floor apartment in san isidro , lima .
the .
three judges who decided goddard 's fate after a stop-start trial