most people probably ca n't remember the last time they used a payphone but they are about to come back into vogue as wi-fi hotspots .
the good old-fashioned phone box has been outdated by the ever-increasing demand for smart phones and mobile internet services .
there were almost 40,000 phone booths in use in 2009 , which had dropped by 10,000 last year , the age reported .
there were almost 40,000 phone booths in use in 2009 , which had dropped by 10,000 last year .
but all is not lost for the once high-in-demand pay phone - as the one thing that made the boxes unpopular could what boosts its revival .
telstra has launched a trial of 1000 new wi-fi hotspots that will be switched on in november for the christmas period in tourist locations across the country .
some of the payphones will be converted into wifi hotspots that will temporarily allow all users to access the internet using smartphones and tablets free of charge .
the sites launched on tuesday include sydney 's bondi beach , melbourne 's bourke street mall , brisbane 's queen street mall and perth 's central business district .
customers wont be able to wander too far from the hotspots to get the wi-fi signal as the maximum range is between 30 and 50 metres .
telstra has launched a trial of 1000 new wi-fi hotspots that will be switched on in november for the christmas period in tourist locations across the country .
the initiative forms part of the $ 100 million wi-fi hotspot network telstra announced in may .
the company will build 8000 of its own hotspots and also partner with retail stores and local governments to get two million hotspots around the country .
after the trial period , the hotspots will only be free for telstra fixed-line internet customers with others paying a fee to use it .
` access to wi-fi will be free in the trial sites until the network officially launches early next year , ' telstra said in the statement .
` the new hotspots will allow -lsb- australians -rsb- to browse the internet , check emails or upload photos to social media when they are sitting at a café , shopping in retail stores , or waiting for the bus , train or tram in range of a hotspot