liverpool forward fabio borini believes he could forge a good partnership with fellow italian mario balotelli but admits the variety of strikers at anfield offers manager brendan rodgers plenty of permutations .
balotelli has yet to find his form with just one goal , against bulgarian minnows ludogorets , in eight matches and was dropped for last weekend 's win over west brom .
borini , who rejected summer offers to move to sunderland and qpr , has had even less pitch time with just three appearances , with only one start .
fabio borini and mario balotelli warm up ahead of liverpool 's game away at basel last month .
balotelli has had a difficult start to his liverpool career so far with just one goal in eight games .
borini rejected various offers from other premier league clubs to stay at anfield in the summer .
the 23-year-old has shared the field with balotelli for just 98 minutes but is confident they could bring out the best in each other .
' i have played with him before and found it really well on the pitch , ' he said .
` not just because of the language but we were born with the same idea of football , as italians , so it 's really easy to understand each other even without talking .
` he 's a player that can change the game whenever he wants .
it 's a tough league , probably the toughest in europe - and i think he understands that .
` in the games , he runs a lot and is really giving himself to the team , being very unselfish .
' with daniel sturridge set to return from a six-week absence with a thigh strain when the premier league campaign resumes next weekend , borini and balotelli 's replacement against west brom rickie lambert , will find opportunities harder to come by .
daniel sturridge is set to return to the fold after six weeks out injured .
and rickie lambert -lrb- left -rrb- may now find chances even more difficult to come by .
however , that does not faze the italian who thinks liverpool 's quartet of strikers provides essential variety .
` we have four completely different players so there is a good choice of players in the squad , because we can all do