after leading australia to asian cup glory on home soil for the first time in history less than a month ago , you could forgive tim cahill for wanting to protect the shirt he wore in the final against south korea .
the 35-year-old former everton man is synonymous with australian football and asian cup glory has sent status so high that even members of one direction are now looking up to him .
cahill spent some time with niall horan before the pop act took to the stage at sydney 's allianz stadium on sunday evening and cahill got on with him so well , he allowed him to wear him wear the jersey at the show .
niall horan wore australian footballer tim cahill 's kit shirt at the one concert in sydney on sunday night .
the one direction memeber horan -lrb- left -rrb- and cahill -lrb- right -rrb- pose for a picture after the concert .
cahill pictured celebrating with the asian cup trophy after an extra-time 2-1 win over south korea .
cahill confirmed horan was fortunate enough to put on one of his most prize possessions alongside a caption on an instagram picture of the two together .
` hanging out now after the concert with @niallhoran yes confirmed the main man wore my asian cup jersey at the concert tonight , ' cahill wrote .
horan was clearly delighted to share cahill 's company , uploading a snap of the duo with the caption ` chillin with the king of australia , watching the football and havin a beer !
thanks for the signed shirt mate !
@tim_cahill .
' horan was seen in one image wearing a derby county shirt .
cahill was backstage before the show with his children to wish the one direction boys good luck for the night .
cahill -lrb- centre -rrb- also posed for a photograph with horan -lrb- right -rrb- and louis tomlinson -lrb- left -rrb- before the show .
cahill , who has just penned a lucrative one-year deal with chinese side shanghai shenhua worth a reported # 2million , also took his children to meet horan and fellow member louis thomlinson .
tomlinson , who tried to takeover his local side doncaster rovers in july last year , also posed for a photo with cahill and horan and appeared equally as stunned to be