by .
daily mail reporter .
julie anne culp wanted to give her students a lesson in internet safety - now she has a cult following .
keen to show how quickly an image can go viral , the tennessee school counselor posted a picture of herself to her facebook page on november 18 and asked people to ` like ' it .
in less than two weeks , it has been ` liked ' millions of times and shared on tens of thousands of facebook pages globally .
education : tennessee teacher julie anne culp posted this note on her facebook page on november 18 to teach her students about internet safety .
it has received more than 392,000 likes and been shared more than 30,400 times .
culp , a teacher at indian lake elementary in hendersonville , posted a picture of herself holding a note : ` i 'm talking to my 5th grade students about internet safety and how quickly a photo can be seen by lots of people .
if you are reading this , please click ` like ' .
thanks !
' her post has been liked more than 392,000 times and shared more than 30,000 times .
the views skyrocketed when country radio personalities tige and daniel shared culp 's post on their own page on november 26 .
the re-post has received more than 3.8 million likes and been shared more than 91,000 times .
a november 24 facebook re-post by humanitarian social club society 's choice has attracted nearly one million likes .
imaginative : julie anne culp -lrb- left , pictured with her husband joshua -rrb- wrote on facebook that she plans to do a ` full write-up ' on her internet experiment ` in the near future ' and , like all internet sensations , culp 's successful post has been photoshopped numerous times and circulated on reddit and imgur .
thousands of facebook users have congratulated the newlywed on her ` ingenious ' social experiment .
one user wrote : ` thank .
you for all you do .
this is a very important `` common sense '' lesson that .
many educators forget in the process of learning to use this valuable .
tool .
' another said : ` great idea !
i have a 5th grader !
it 's so hard to get that