by .
rachel quigley .
and helen pow .
updated : .
21:14 est , 10 april 2013 .
a phoenix , arizona baby who contracted cancer from her mother while still in the womb has stunned doctors as she prepares to celebrate her second birthday .
doctors said addison cox , who caught her mother briana 's deadly melanoma , would live little more than a year after they found tumors had spread throughout her small body when she was just two months old .
but she has defied the prognosis and while her mother wo n't be around to sing her happy birthday , addison 's doting father james will ensure the little girl is adequately spoiled .
scroll down for video .
survivor : doctors said addison cox , pictured , who caught her mother briana 's deadly melanoma , would live little more than a year after they found tumors had spread throughout her small body when she was just two months old .
ms cox died in february 2012 at just 33 of a melanoma that developed while she was pregnant with addison .
somehow , in a rare medical occurrence , the woman 's cancer cells crossed the placenta to her unborn child during the pregnancy and in june 2011 her baby was diagnosed with the same stage four cancer that would soon take her life .
' -lrb- addison 's -rrb- original diagnosis was 12 to 18 months , ' mr cox , told abcnews.com .
` she 's basically doubled her life expectancy already .
' he added : ` she turns two in may .
it 'll be a big party .
' the cancer has affected addison 's brain , shoulder , lungs , kidney , liver , leg , and even the back of her tongue , according to abc .
daddy 's girl : addison , left , has defied her prognosis and while her mother wo n't be around to sing her happy birthday , addison 's doting father , james cox , right , will ensure the little girl is adequately spoiled .
rare : ms cox died in february 2012 of a melanoma that she passed on to addison during her pregnancy .
she has undergone chemotherapy , .
radiation and two brain surgeries at phoenix children 's hospital , which .
is hosting a