at times last week it seemed some were ready to award chelsea the premier league title on the back on a 3-1 win at burnley .
and though in the end they did re-discover some of that momentum on saturday , the over-riding lesson of their victory over leicester was the stark reminder that chelsea 's season will be a degree tougher in the long run and that they still struggle against well-organised teams .
true , they won comfortably enough in the end with goals from diego costa and eden hazard .
and they could even afford a carnival moment towards the end , with didier drogba coming on , a hero returning to his natural home , on 79 minutes .
joy : diego costa runs off in celebration after breaking the deadlock for chelsea against leicester city on his home premier league debut in a 2-0 win .
at the double : chelsea winger eden hazard made the game comfortable with a strike from the edge of the area in the 77th-minute to break leicester city hearts .
finish : diego costa slots the ball past kasper schmeichel in the leicester city goal to put chelsea 1-0 up after 62 minutes at stamford bridge .
that 's what money buys you : chelsea 's # 32million summer signing diego costa opened the scoring at stamford bridge after 62 minutes on saturday .
save !
chelsea 's number one thibaut courtois made a terrific save from david nugent when chelsea were just 1-0 up to ensure that the home side bagged the points .
triumph : eden hazard -lrb- centre -rrb- celebrates with fellow goalscorer diego costa -lrb- left -rrb- after netting chelsea 's second goal to seal the game against leicester city .
chelsea : courtois 8 , ivanovic 7 , cahill 6 , terry 6 , azpilicueta 6.5 , matic 6 , fabregas 7 , oscar 7 -lrb- willian 6 , 70 -rrb- , hazard 6.5 , schurrle 6.5 -lrb- ramires 6.5 , 64 -rrb- , costa 7 -lrb- drogba 6.5 , 80 -rrb- .
subs not used : cech , luis , zouma , mikel .
goals : costa -lrb- 62 -rrb- , hazard -lrb- 77 -rrb- .
leicester city : schmeichel 8.5 , de laet 7 , konchesky 6.5 , morgan 6.5 , hammond 8 -lrb- taylor-fletcher 6.5 , 73 -rrb- , king 6.5