by .
matt blake .
published : .
10:45 est , 20 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
01:37 est , 21 may 2013 .
in a breathtaking orgy of flashes , bangs and perfectly-timed destruction , a two-mile viaduct is blown to smithereens in china .
bomb experts spent weeks poring over blueprints of the zhuan-yang viaduct in wuhan , in heibei province , in a bid to work out how to raze the structure to the ground without leaving even a single concrete slab still standing .
and as this amazing footage shows , their plans went by without a hitch , even breaking the record for the longest concrete bridge ever successfully demolished in china .
but the real hard work did n't begin until after the demolition when dozens of workers were sent into the rubble to clean up ... armed with only high-vis jackets and brooms .
scroll down for video .
big bang : in a terrifying orgy of flashes , bangs and organised destruction , a 3.5-kilometre viaduct is blown to smithereens in china .
tough decisions : bomb experts spent weeks poring over bluleprints of the zhuan-yang viaduct in wuhan , in heibei province , in a bid to work out how to bring the structure to the ground without leaving even a concrete slab standing .
built in 1997 , the zhuan-yang viaduct , which is located in southwest wuhan , capital of central china 's hubei province , used to be an important part of china 's national highway 318 .
it runs from shanghai to tibet and is to be replaced by a 6-lane , 5.1-kilometer long viaduct as its design capacity is far below what needed .
breath-taking : as this amazing footage shows , their plans went by without a hitch .
the blast beginning : it even broke the record for the longest concrete bridge ever successfully demolished in china .
brush up : but the real hard work did n't begin until after the demolition when dozens of workers were sent into the rubble to clean up with brooms .
important : built in 1997 , the zhuan-yang viaduct , which is located in southwest wuhan , capital of central china 's hubei province , used to be an important part of china 's national highway 318 .
it is the most difficult