by .
james nye .
texas singer and songwriter steven fromholz has died in a hunting accident when a rifle fell and discharged .
singer-songwriter steven fromholz , who was named poet laureate of texas in 2007 and who rose to fame writing songs for artists such as willie nelson has died in a freak hog hunting accident .
the 68-year-old died on sunday at a ranch near eldorado , after the rifle he was carrying slipped out of its case , hit the ground and accidently discharged , .
the respected musician was with his girlfriend at the time of the shooting and died on sunday afternoon after being rushed to hospital for urgent medical attention .
famed for writing ` i 'd have to be crazy ' , which was covered by willie nelson , fromholz also produced and wrote songs for lylde lovett - the country music singer once married to oscar winning actress julia roberts .
he was officially named at the lone star state 's poet laureate by governor rick perry in 2007 and was partly responsible for turning austin into a live music capital for texas .
` steven fromholz and his work will be remembered , enjoyed and studied as music and literature forever , ' lovett said about his friend to the houston chronicle .
fromholz , a temple native , was part -lrb- and president -rrb- of the legendary folk music club during his days at north texas state in the early 1960s and wrote songs for lyle lovett -lrb- pictured left with fromholz -rrb- .
` his insight into human nature was equaled only by his ability to write about it in such detail that he made his listeners feel as if they were standing in the shoes of his characters , seeing what they saw , feeling what they felt .
' fromolz was born in temple , texas and attended north texas state before he enlisted in the navy.after he left the service he moved to california where he began to write poetry and was enamored with the folk music scene that grew up in the 1960s .
he formed the duo frummox with dan mccrimmon in colorado and released his album , here to there - which included his widely recognized masterpiece , texas trilogy .
the schleicher county sheriff 's office on monday said the accident