one of the country 's most influential evangelical leaders has apologized for saying homosexuals should be killed - 35 years after he made the comment .
bob jones iii said gay men and lesbians should be stoned to death ` as the bible commands ' in 1980 .
the 75-year-old , whose grandfather founded bob jones university in south carolina , made the remarks during a visit to the white house to demand that president jimmy carter not extend protections of the civil rights act of 1964 to gay men and lesbians .
sorry : bob jones iii -lrb- pictured left and right in 2005 -rrb- has apologized for saying gay men and lesbians should be stoned ` as the bible commands ' in 1980 .
speaking to the associated press at the time , he said : ` i 'm sure this will be greatly misquoted .
but it would not be a bad idea to bring the swift justice today that was brought in israel 's day against murder and rape and homosexuality .
' i guarantee it would solve the problem post-haste if homosexuals were stoned , if murderers were immediately killed as the bible commands .
' in an apology issued on saturday he said the comments were ` antithetical to my theology and my 50 years of preaching a redeeming christ .
' according to nbc , he added : ' i take personal ownership of this inflammatory rhetoric .
` this reckless statement was made in the heat of a political controversy 35 years ago .
regret : in an apology issued on saturday , jones iii -lrb- pictured in 1974 -rrb- said the comments were ` antithetical to my theology and my 50 years of preaching a redeeming christ .
' ' i can not erase them , but wish i could , because they do not represent the belief of my heart or the content of my preaching .
neither before , nor since , that event in 1980 have i ever advocated the stoning of sinners .
' the apology has been sought for three years by bj unity , an lgbt group made up of alumni from the evangelical college .
in a statement they accepted his apology , saying : ` we are grateful that bob jones iii has taken responsibility for these words ; words that have caused