by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
children should be weighed every year in primary school to stop them getting fat , according to the head of the commons health committee .
tory mp sarah wollaston warned that most parents do not know that they child is ` slipping ' into obesity .
one in five children are overweight when they start primary school , but by the time they leave aged 11 the figure has risen to one in three .
children are weighed at in reception and year 6 of primary school , but there are warnings this is not enough to stem the obesity timebomb .
dr wollaston , a former gp , was elected to chair the health select committee last week .
she argues that current rules on measuring children only in their first and last year of primary school risked failing to catch health problems during the intervening seven years .
official figures show that 22.2 per cent of children aged four and five in reception classes were classed as overweight in 2012-13 .
but the figure rises to 33.3 per cent among year 6 children .
dr wollaston is calling for annual health checks to prevent children 's weight ballooning during their schooldays .
` we should be measuring every year .
if children start to slip into difficulties you can let parents know and offer help , ' she told the sun .
dr sarah wollaston , a former gp who now chairs the commons health select committee , warned many parents do not know their children are slipping into obesity .
obesity costs the nhs # 5billion every year .
in 2012-13 , more than 3,100 children were admitted to hospital with illnesses linked to obesity , up from 1,117 a decade earlier .
dr wollaston told itv 's good morning britain : ' a survey in newcastle showed that parents tend to underestimate their children 's weight .
it 's about catching them before they slip into obesity .
` parents want information and the best thing they can do is cut sugar out of their children 's diets .
the assumption that parents know that their children are slipping into problems is just not right .
` the results of the child management programme are never shared with the school .
they can be shared with the