by .
jennifer smith for mailonline .
first there was the cronut , a calorific hybrid of doughnut and croissant which had sugar lovers across the world queuing outside bakeries for hours .
and now two chefs have combined forces , and flavours , to create what they think might just be the next big thing in pastries - a doughnut filled with stewed beef .
john barrett and ben dass from bristol have been perfecting their recipe for the ` moonut ' for almost a year after the former was made redundant .
scroll down for video .
the moonut is a paprika-dusted doughnut filled with guiness-stewed beef shin and shitaki mushrooms .
john barrett -lrb- left -rrb- and john dass -lrb- right -rrb- came up with the recipe after trying out a number of other combinations .
` it was a bit of a gimmick to start , but as it turns out , it actually tastes quite good , ' the 33-year-old said .
after establishing themselves as the feastie boys , the pair tried a number of different combinations to no avail .
` back when we were thinking about making the business we were playing around with doughnuts and we decided to try to make something savoury .
` it 's been trial and error .
there have been some pretty serious fails - like the cheese and bacon one which was truly foul .
' but the moonut , made with guiness-stewed beef shin , has taken off .
the chefs from bristol sell their goods at temple quay market every second and fourth thursday in the month .
after numerous failed attempts , they are happy to have come up with something they think the public will enjoy .
the chefs were inspired by the success of the cronut -lrb- pictured -rrb- - a combination of a doughnut and croissant .
` this one works because rather than having sugar on the outside we use powdered shitaki mushrooms and a dusting of paprika .
` it 's been a mixed reaction .
some people have been really interested in it and others have just said `` what ?
'' ' .
` but the feedback from everyone who has tried them has been really good .
' the moonut is sold every second and fourth thursday at bristol temple quay market , and