formula 1 fans were forced to miss yesterday 's qualifying sessions for the british grand prix after torrential rain turned public car parks into mudbaths .
those heading to the big race today were told to leave plenty of time to reach silverstone and warned : bring your wellies .
there was chaos at the circuit in northamptonshire yesterday when 20,000 ticket-holders were told to stay away because officials wanted to give surfaces a chance to recover after huge downpours on friday .
for today 's race , there is a 50-50 chance of rain .
under water : a track official checks the main straight at silverstone where heavy rain has brought chaos to the british grand prix .
large traffic jam forms outside the circuit during practice for the british grand prix at silverstone circuit in northampton .
gridlock at the entrance to the silverstone circuit after rain and mud put many of the site 's car parks out of action .
churned up : stewards block the entrance to a car park at silverstone before today 's qualifying sessions .
spectators in shorts and garish fancy dress cut a contrast with the grim surroundings of a muddy campsite near the circuit .
meanwhile , families were forced to flee their homes yesterday after devastating floods wreaked havoc across britain .
the red cross , which had teams of .
volunteers on alert around the country , was called in to help evacuate .
residents in the leicestershire village of sheepy magna after 13 houses .
were flooded .
in yealmpton , devon , 40 homes were .
swamped by 6ft of water when the river yealm burst its banks after four .
inches of rain fell in 24 hours -- the average for the whole of july is .
2.5 in .
police said a driver in his 20s was .
killed yesterday when his car left the road during torrential rain in .
east tynedale , northumberland , forcing the temporary closure of the a1 .
huge tailbacks made for a miserable start to the grand prix weekend .
an aa van tries to pull a caravan out of the mud at silverstone race circuit .
tens of thousands of spectators have arrived to watch the first practice session , which has been blighted by miserable weather .
some cars were left abandoned after getting stuck