at least 54 sailors are dead and 63 have been rescued after a trawler sank off the russian coast north of japan .
the freezer trawler with an international crew of 132 sank this morning in the freezing waters of the sea of okhotsk 205 miles off russia 's kamchatka peninsula .
emergency services in kamchatka said 63 crew members of the dalny vostok were rescued with the sea 's temperature near zero degrees celsius -lrb- 32 degrees fahrenheit -rrb- - but a further 15 are still missing .
scroll down for video .
the freezer trawler with an international crew of 132 sank this morning in the freezing waters of the sea of okhotsk 205 miles off russia 's kamchatka peninsula .
more than 25 fishing boats in the area helped to pull the crew members to safety , the emergency services said in a statement on their website .
the ship was carrying 78 russian nationals , as well as 54 foreign nationals from myanmar , ukraine , lithuania and vanuatu .
no official cause for the sinking has been given but the interfax news agency said drifting ice in the chilly pacific waters may have played a role .
water flooded the engine compartment and the trawler sank within 15 minutes , the bbc said .
the trawler sank 205 miles west of krutogorovsky settlement in the kamchatka region and 250 km south of the city of magadan .
emergency services in kamchatka said 63 crew members of the dalny vostok trawler were rescued with the sea 's temperature near zero degrees celsius -lrb- file picture of the sea of okhotsk -rrb- .
the russian emergencies ministry sent an mi-8 helicopter with rescuers and doctors aboard to deliver medical assistance and transport rescued crew members to hospitals in magadan .
viktor klepikov , coordinating .
captain of the petropavlovsk-kamchatsky maritime rescue .
coordination centre , told reuters : ` the rescue operation is going on , we are still looking for .
15 people .
` at this time we do not know what .
might have caused the tragedy .
' russia 's tass news agency cited a deputy head of the .
kamchatka region as saying the crew might have violated safety .
rules by exceeding the capacity of cargo storage .
` according to preliminary information , the shipwreck .
occurred while hauling a