a young vicar nicknamed ` the bush ' on account of his afro hairdo was singled out by manchester united fans at old trafford chanting ` there 's only one marouane fellaini ' .
the crowds spotted the likeness reverend simon rose bears to the man utd midfielder , singing ` fellaini give us a wave ' .
the 26-year-old , who became the youngest religious minister in nottingham when he joined the church in november , said he can not go anywhere without people mistaking him for the footballer .
scroll down for video .
reverend simon rose , left , said he is constantly being mistaken from the manchester united midfielder marouane fellaini , right , on account of his afro hairdo .
the nottingham forrest fan recently .
visited old trafford with a friend , when the crowds turned on him , .
joking that fellaini , who also plays for the belgian national side , was .
sitting in the stands .
but the good-humoured minister said he takes it all in his stride and does n't mind the comparison with the football star .
rev rose , from ruddington , said : ' i ca n't go anywhere now without two or three people shouting `` fellaini '' at me .
` although .
i 'm a nottingham forest fan i went to watch man united against west ham .
last month - half the crowd were singing `` fellaini , give us a wave '' , .
and `` there 's only one marouane fellaini '' .
rev rose was mistaken for the belgian international by the crowds when he went to watch man utd play at old trafford .
fans chanted ` fellaini give us a wave ' and ` there 's only one maruoane fellaini ' at rev rose , as the nottingham forest supporter watched man utd play recently .
` i 've been called the bush since school because my hair has always been like this - but now it 's just constant fellaini comparisons .
` some people have really had to double-take because they think i 'm actually him .
but i 'm far from being a red-devil , that 's for sure .
` it 's a bit embarrassing but i take it in good humour all the time - you have to really .
' i