she might be approaching her 89th birthday but nothing was going to stop the queen from enjoying a ride in the spring sunshine this morning .
the monarch , 88 , was spotted trotting through windsor great park aboard her faithful black fell pony , carltonlima emma .
joined by a groom on another of her fell ponies , the queen cut a relaxed figure as she enjoyed her ride but , as is her wont , eschewed a helmet in favour of one of her silk scarves .
enjoying the sunshine : the queen enjoys a ride on her fell pony carltonlima emma .
the queen , who has never worn riding helmets , has been encouraged to wear the safety hats in the past but is reportedly reluctant to wear one because of her hair .
speaking in an interview last year , her racing trainer ian balding recalled the moment he asked why the monarch never wears a riding hat .
the queen is said to have replied : ' i never have and you do n't have to have your hair done like i do .
' her majesty is famous for her love of horses and first found herself in the saddle at the age of four after being presented with a shetland pony , named peggy , aged four .
since then , the royal stables have been home to a succession of steeds , among them betsy , a black farm-bred horse who was her mount of choice in the 50 's , and surprise , a grey gelding whom the queen famously galloped down the course at ascot in 1961 .
equine enthusiast : her majesty adores the ponies and breeds them at hampton court .
no helmet : the queen never wears a riding helmet , preferring instead to ride in a silk headscarf .
cutting back : she has ridden less in recent years as a result of a niggling knee injury .
long term love : the queen has ridden all her life and continues to breed several breeds of horse and pony .
recent years have seen her cut down on the amount of time she spends in the saddle - the result of a niggling knee injury that also forced her to give up presiding over trooping the colour on horseback .
nevertheless , the queen remains