a lawyer for jodi arias pleaded for his client 's life tuesday as he told the jury deciding whether she 'll be put to death that the ex-lover she killed sexually humiliated her and wanted to keep their trysts secret .
defense attorney kirk nurmi began closing arguments in arias ' sentencing retrial by showing photos from happy moments in her life , such as an image of arias resting her chin on boyfriend travis alexander 's shoulder amid a forested background .
nurmi said arias ' problems stem from a personality disorder in which she tries to mold herself to the wishes of the men she dates .
nurmi portrayed arias ' former boyfriend travis alexander as a man divided between his mormon faith and sexual desires that led him to have relationships with several women .
begging to live : jodi arias adjusts her glasses during the sentencing retrial at maricopa county superior court february 18 in phoenix where her attorney begged for the killer 's life in his closing arguments tuesday .
the attorney said alexander used arias to quench his sexual urges , called her demeaning names and told her she was soulless .
` those words have impact and they got to her , ' nurmi said .
arias was convicted in 2013 of murdering alexander , but her first jury deadlocked on her punishment .
a jury that has been hearing testimony since mid-october will decide whether to sentence her to life in prison or death .
prosecutors said arias attacked alexander in a jealous rage because he wanted to end their affair and planned a trip to mexico with another woman .
arias has acknowledged killing alexander but claimed it was self-defense after he attacked her .
sexual humiliation ?
jodi arias defense attorney kirk nurmi argues that arias was treated as a sort of sex slave by the man she murdered , travis alexander .
slain : prosecutors said arias attacked alexander in a jealous rage after he wanted to end their affair and planned a trip to mexico with another woman .
prosecutor juan martinez is scheduled to make his closing arguments later tuesday .
arias often looked at the jury as her attorney pleaded for the more lenient sentence .
her sentencing retrial has dragged on for several months amid a series of expert witnesses and the surprising october decision