published : .
06:03 est , 5 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:07 est , 5 july 2013 .
apple has filed a patent for a pair of headphones that automatically adjust the volume of music if they 're not inserted far enough into the ear .
the tech company has been criticised in the past for the headphones it sells with iphones and ipods because they ` leak ' music , meaning a listener 's tunes can be heard by people around them .
designs for the in-ear headphones , also known as earbuds , in this latest patent have a built-in microphone that can assess how much much music is leaking and adjust the volume accordingly .
this image , taken from the recently filed apple patent , shows how the new earbuds would work .
when inserted into the ear , a built-in microphone assesses how much music is leaking in and out .
if the seal between the bud and the ear canal is broken , the volume will be automatically adjusted accordingly .
when inserted into the ear , a built-in microphone assesses how much music is leaking in and out .
it also checks for ambient and background noises .
if the seal between the bud and the ear canal is broken - determined by whether the microphone can pick up a lot of background noise - the volume of the music will be automatically adjusted accordingly .
alternatively , a warning message will appear on the screen to tell the listener their music is n't at the optimum level .
according to the patent , the buds could track variations in the seal between the speaker section of the earbud and the wearer 's ear canal .
if the earbud is not inserted far enough , the microphone will realise the seal has been broken .
the buds will then either warn the listener through an on-screen message , or automatically adjust the volume .
the microphone can also listen to ambient noises and increase the volume if the wearer is in a loud environment .
this adjustment additionally means the earbuds will better fit people 's different sized ears .
the patent was filed earlier this month to the u.s patent and trademark office and it will need to be approved before apple can begin working on , and