this footage exposes the chinese fur farms where a distant relation to dogs are skinned alive en-masse and turned into luxury coats sold in the west .
animal rights activists smuggled secret cameras into farms and markets near beijing , where they spent three weeks pretending to be potential business partners from europe .
there they filmed the industrial scale of fur farming , a practice banned in britain 14 years ago but largely unrestricted in many other countries including china .
warning graphic content .
scroll down for video .
caged : this raccoon dog is one of hundreds held at a chinese fur farm , where they live just a few months .
footage : two farms near beijing were filmed by animal activists concerned at china 's lack of restrictions .
lively trade : the majority of fur farming still happens in europe , but newly-rich china is expanding rapidly .
raccoon dogs are a type of canine but the breed is described as ` asiatic raccoon ' on luxury coat labels , partly due to off-putting comparisons with domestic pets .
the activists claim the animals they saw on the two farms , each holding 300 or 400 raccoon dogs , were confined to faeces-filled cages barely larger than their bodies .
dead raccoon dogs were fed to those still alive , the activists claimed , and almost every animal showed signs of ` mental or physical illness ' .
one secretly-shot section of their footage showed multiple raccoon dogs crammed into single cages and one with a wound to its leg .
another showed the grisly death of a raccoon dog at a sprawling open-air fur market , where it was stunned by two electrified metal rods hooked up to a truck engine 's battery .
horror : the most chilling scene shot by the activists was the live skinning of a raccoon dog at a fur market .
torn limb from limb : a grinning worker stunned the animal with the current from the truck 's battery .
a grinning worker then demonstrated how to skin the animal to a watching crowd , ripping off its pelt around its head with half a dozen forceful tugs while its legs remained hooked to the back of a truck .
the two activists behind the footage were part of the campaign group animal equality based in