by .
harriet arkell .
published : .
12:28 est , 19 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:07 est , 20 december 2013 .
robert brown , 58 , from jersey , has won permission to appeal against a court ruling that he has no right to see princess margaret 's will .
a man who claims to be princess margaret 's illegitimate son yesterday won a significant legal victory in his battle to see the contents of her will .
jersey accountant robert brown , 58 , who also wants to see the queen mother 's will , is seeking to prove he is margaret 's secret child and that she hid the pregnancy .
the queen 's sister died in february 2002 and her mother the following month .
the wills were drawn up around the time of margaret 's death and were ` sealed ' to keep their contents secret .
yesterday mr brown was granted permission to seek judicial review of a refusal to allow him access under the freedom of information act to documents he claims show there was a ` secret judicial process ' for sealing royal wills .
mr justice phillips said at london 's high court the case gave rise ` to important points of principle and practice ' regarding open justice and the public interest .
mr brown 's quest to prise open the wills and prove his royal heritage goes back decades .
he believes he was born to princess margaret in 1955 and his father was possibly robin douglas-home , a scottish aristocrat and author who died in 1968 .
he claims the later stages of pregnancy were covered up using body doubles and that he was sent to kenya to be brought up as the child of cynthia and douglas brown .
he believes the documents he wants disclosed will reveal that buckingham palace , the attorney general and a senior judge acted together to maintain secrecy around the queen 's sister 's last testament , which , he hopes , contain details of his birth .
his claims were dismissed by lawyers for the royal family in a previous court hearing as those of ` a fantasist seeking to feed his private obsession ' .
but he insists he has the right to find out if the queen 's sister was his mother .