by .
tamara cohen , political correspondent .
savers who try to reduce their inheritance tax bill could be forced to pay the levy up front under new proposals .
savers who try to reduce their inheritance tax bill could be forced to pay the levy up front under new proposals .
ministers are concerned that rising numbers of wealthy people are using complicated schemes to cut what they pay in taxes after their death .
hm revenue & customs now suggests that those suspected of avoiding inheritance duty should pay it in full -- while an investigation takes place into their tax affairs .
inheritance tax at 40 per cent is paid on estates worth more than # 325,000 per person , and many more families have been dragged into the threshold in recent years .
but some experts say the proposal , which is out for consultation , assumes someone is ` guilty until proven innocent ' and people who use tax planning schemes legitimately could feel ` criminalised ' by it .
hmrc suggests that people who are suspected of using aggressive tax avoidance schemes should be liable to an ` accelerated payment ' of inheritance tax during their lifetime .
if after an investigation , they are found to have been acting legitimately , the money will be repaid .
the conservatives are sensitive to criticism of inheritance tax .
the party promised to raise the threshold to # 1million in 2007 -- but no action has so far been taken .
inheritance tax brought in # 3.4 billion to the exchequer last year -- # 1billion more than in 2009 .
but experts fear it is a target for tax avoidance .
nearly 3,500 tax avoidance schemes have been uncovered in the past decade , according to official figures .
hmrc made clear that it does not want the new laws to affect trusts or schemes that are used legitimately by the ` vast majority of people ' .
a spokesman said ` very small numbers ' of wealthy people would be affected , with the focus on those who had taken ` deliberate ' action to avoid tax .
the proposal is part of the government 's crackdown on tax avoidance , following a strong of high-profile cases such as that of take that singer gary barlow .
inheritance tax can be avoided by