by .
ulla kloster .
published : .
05:29 est , 29 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:44 est , 29 july 2013 .
a couple have been banned for driving their cars 50 yards home after drinking at a social club .
mel arundel , 54 , and roy burgon , 58 , of melton , near woodbridge , suffolk , were convicted of drink-driving after they both denied the offence .
they were ordered to fork out a total of # 3,710 in fines and costs between them .
roy burgon , 58 , -lrb- pictured left leaving ipswich magistrates court -rrb- and mel arundel -lrb- right -rrb- , were convicted of drink-driving after they both denied the offence .
they claimed they were the victims of spite .
the pair claimed they were victims of spite involving a man who held a grudge against arundel after she dismissed someone he knew from the care home she managed in ipswich .
burgon , a staff nurse at another ipswich care home , and arundel accepted they were over the drink-drive limit when they were breathalysed .
but they insisted they were under the limit when they drove home from st audrey 's social club after meeting up from work .
they claimed they downed wine and cider when they got home .
pcs benjamin coombes and stephen griggs went to the couple 's home in melton , near woodbridge in suffolk after receiving an anonymous 999 tip-off at about 11.35 pm on april 19 .
the caller said the pair had driven home drunk , ipswich magistrates heard .
the couple , who have been convicted of drink-driving , insisted they were under the limit when they drove home from st audrey 's social club -lrb- pictured -rrb- after meeting up from work .
the journey home from st st audrey 's social club was a mere 50 yards - both were caught after a tip-off to police who went straight to their home .
the two officers put their hands under the wheel arches of arundel 's kia venga and burgon 's ford fiesta after getting to their home at about midnight .
both engines were still warm .
sarah-jane atkins , prosecuting , told jps the couple were inside the house in a ` drunken state ' .
burgon answered the door and