by .
alex horlock .
published : .
03:57 est , 17 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
05:07 est , 17 october 2012 .
federal agents have raided the massachusetts pharmacy linked to the widespread meningitis outbreak across america that has left 16 people dead and left more than 200 ill with the infection .
agents from the u.s. food and drug administration searched the new england compounding center -lrb- necc -rrb- in the boston suburb of framingham , with officers from the local police department providing support .
nearly 14,000 people nationwide are at .
risk of infection because they received injections from suspect steroid .
medications shipped to 76 facilities in 23 states .
raided : the food and drug administration searched the new england compounding center -lrb- necc -rrb- in framingham after at least fifty vials of steroids containing fungi linked to meningitis were discovered .
caution : the grounds of the pharmaceutical company 's headquarters were cordoned off as the agents raided the property .
outbreak : the necc 's products have been linked with the deadly meningitis outbreak across america which has left 16 dead .
the raid took place as calls came for .
an even wider probe into whether the pharmacy may have broken federal .
laws dealing with controlled substances , as additional meningitis cases .
were announced in the country .
carmen ortiz , u.s. attorney for massachusetts , said in a statement : ` i can confirm that this office and our law enforcement partners are investigating allegations concerning the new england compounding center .
' ortiz said it was ` entirely premature ' to speculate about what might be uncovered .
paul cirel , a lawyer representing necc , said the raid was unnecessary and that ` asking would have produced the same result .
' he added : ` it is difficult to understand the purpose of this search , since we have been clear that -lrb- necc -rrb- would provide , and has provided , anything requested .
` we 've been clear that warrants were n't needed .
' the entrance to necc 's headquarters was cordoned off with yellow tape as the agents searched the property into the night .
the fda 's criminal unit , the office of criminal investigations , is a team of agents with specialised knowledge and training