succumbing in agony to a deadly toxin coursing through its veins , a bull elephant falls to its knees after being shot by a poacher 's poisoned arrow .
the bull was attacked as he roamed the savannah of tsavo national park in kenya by ruthless hunters hoping to tear out his tusks and sell them on the lucrative ivory black market .
but happily his life was spared after a team of heroic vets flew in just in time to remove the arrow and administer vital drugs to counter the poison after he was spotted writhing on the ground .
had the team of medics not arrived when they did , the majestic beast would have died a long and painful death , becoming yet another victim of an illegal trade that is responsible for the death of one elephant every 15 minutes in africa .
scroll down for video .
brought to his knees : the elephant had succumbed to the poison arrow which poachers had fired into his hind leg .
to the rescue : but medics from the david sheldrick wildlife trust and the kenya wildlife service found the stricken bull , tsavo national park , just in time .
race against time : it was a race against time for the medics as they battled to remove the arrow and clean the wound before it was too late .
vets from the david sheldrick wildlife trust and the kenya wildlife service treated the bull quickly giving him long acting antibiotics to ensure that the elephant would make a full recovery .
rob brandford , director of the david sheldrick wildlife trust , said that the animal would certainly have died were it not for the amazing efforts of the emergency team .
he said : ` in this case the tusker has a clearly visible wound on his back leg and the vets needed to ensure they acted quickly before the poison spread .
huge efforts : rob brandford -lrb- not pictured -rrb- , director of the david sheldrick wildlife trust , said that the animal would certainly have died were it not for the amazing efforts of the emergency team .
steady hand : once the deadly arrow was removed and the wound was cleaned , the team administered long acting antibiotics to ensure that the elephant would make a full recovery .
`