by .
nick fagge .
tributes have been paid to a british construction worker apparently killed by terrorists in nigeria .
brendan vaughan was named by foreign secretary william hague as the british national believed to have been murdered - along with six other foreigners - at the hands of captors .
mr hague condemned the likely killing as ` cold-blooded murder ' and said he would work with the nigerian government to bring those behind the attack to account .
shot dead : british engineer brendan vaughan , pictured with girlfriend orasa arpornkaew , was murdered ` in cold blood ' in nigeria by al qaeda kidnappers .
no further details about mr vaughan .
have been released but tributes have begun to be posted on facebook by .
friends of construction worker brendan vaughan , who is originally from .
leeds but now lives in thailand .
one of mr vaughan 's friends - peter dixon - left a message on the site saying ` rip mate ' .
mr vaughan 's thai girlfriend , orasa arpornkaew , wrote : ` you 're always in my heart .
' dom cooney posted : ` ca n't believe it .
he was like an ox .
' mr vaughan 's page includes details of where he was working in nigeria and photos of armed protection guards at his compound .
it appears he had left west yorkshire and started a new life in thailand with ms arpornkaew .
scroll down for video .
online : a video was posted online by islamist terror group ansaru , claiming that they had killed seven hostages captured in february .
nigeria 's president claimed today that some of the hostages might actually still be alive .
operation : reports appeared on a local nigerian website two weeks ago saying that five british planes were spotted at nnamdi azikiwe international airport in abuja and linking them to a rescue operation for the hostages .
yesterday , mr hague said in a statement : ` this was an act of cold-blooded murder , which i condemn in the strongest terms .
` my thoughts are with his family , and the families of the other hostages , who will be devastated by this tragic loss .
' i offer them our deep condolences at .
this terrible time , and know that the thoughts