by .
emily allen .
published : .
09:11 est , 18 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
04:46 est , 10 july 2012 .
a stunned theatre audience watched a real-life drama unfold on stage after an actor hit his co-star in the face with a kettle forcing the performance to be abandoned .
actress lizzy dive , who playing mrs twit during a production of roald dahl 's novel the twits , had to be taken to the hospital after the mock fight scene went wrong - 10 minutes before the end of the show .
she was accidentally struck in the face by a kettle , hurled by her onstage husband mr twit , after he dodged the frying pan she was wielding .
real-life drama : the characters mr and mrs twit during their performance at the minack theatre , cornwall .
on friday night mr twit accidentally hit mrs twit in the face with a kettle .
the blunder was played out in front of hundreds at the minack theatre , in penzance , cornwall , who never got to see how the show ended .
one crowed member , who did not want to be named said : ` we very much enjoyed the twits and despite the weather it was very funny and everything was going to plan .
` but we could n't believe what happened in the final closing scenes - it looked incredibly painful and the whole audience , including us , were quite worried about mrs twit .
' i hope she is okay now , but it was quite a bad incident .
after the show i had to go home and read the rest of the book to know how it ended .
' the slapstick mishap happened during a performance of the twits by open air theatre company illyria inside the minack theatre on friday .
injured : the accident happened in front of stunned audiences on friday night and mrs twit had to be taken to hospital 10 minutes before the performance ended .
premature end : the open air theatre production -lrb- pictured -rrb- had to be abandoned following the incident .
mrs dive was smashed in the face with the metal kettle during a fighting scene in the last ten minutes of the 8pm performance .
she was taken to nearby