tony blair looks more ` mr red ' than ex-government head as he channels his inner tarantino in manhattan yesterday .
the former british prime minister went for an afternoon stroll through new york city flanked by three besuited bodyguards in scenes reminiscent of the film reservoir dogs .
wearing a dark suit and white shirt , he strode the sidewalk with purpose , protected on all sides by a detail of hired muscle .
but the casual observer could have been forgiven for assuming it was a bizarre re-enactment of the opening credits of quentin tarantino 's acclaimed 1992 crime caper - starring harvey keitel , tim roth and steve buscemi - where the protagonists walk towards the camera each wearing black suits .
mr red , i presume ?
the former british prime minister went for an afternoon stroll through new york city flanked by three besuited bodyguards in scenes reminiscent of the film reservoir dogs .
likeness ?
but the casual observer could have been forgiven for assuming it was a bizarre re-enactment of the opening credits of quentin tarantino 's acclaimed 1992 crime caper starring harvey keitel , tim roth and steve buscemi .
muscle : wearing a dark suit and white shirt , he strode the sidewalk with purpose , protected on all sides by a detail of hired muscle .
he was in new york to receive an honour from humanitarian charity save the children at a star-studded ceremony in the city .
mr blair , who set britain on course towards spending 0.7 per cent of its national income on overseas aid , was given the save the children global legacy award in recognition of his leadership in international development .
award : he was in new york to receive an honour from humanitarian charity save the children at a star-studded ceremony in the city -lrb- left -rrb- .
pictured right : ` mr red ' in a past life with mr brown .
there , mr blair hobnobbed with hollywood stars as guest of honour at the ceremony .
even the latest incarnation of lassie the dog was among the guests , along with actor and director ben affleck , his wife jennifer garner and actress dakota fanning .
as prime minister , mr blair set up the department for international development and hosted a series of aid summits .
critics say