by .
luke salkeld .
published : .
19:49 est , 22 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
01:33 est , 23 may 2013 .
a badger has been ` causing hysteria ' among girls at a grammar school .
a badger has been ` causing hysteria ' among girls at a grammar school .
at a recent assembly at folkestone school for girls in kent , pupils were advised not to approach the badger .
described as a ` giant ' , the animal has been spotted sniffing around classrooms , disrupting lessons and reportedly scaring the ` living daylights ' out of pupils .
the mother of one of the 1,048 girls .
at the school believes the creature may have been disturbed in its sett .
in the grounds by construction work .
she said : ` it has been spotted several times within the grounds , scaring the living daylights out of the teenage girls .
' the presence of the animal was brought up at a recent school assembly where the 1,048 grammar school girls were advised not to approach their wild visitor .
on one occasion , the badger was spotted underneath a mobile classrooms and all the pupils were told to close the windows and not to leave until it was safe .
the mother said : ` there were tales of it charging at a pupil and then sniffing her , but these are teenage girls who are full of drama .
it is a giant badger and it is causing hysteria .
' she said a second badger had been seen at the school last thursday night , adding : ' i hope the giant badger and the others are captured humanely and moved as the school might start getting concerned about pupil safety , ' she said .
` some pupils are saying they are now too scared to walk past certain parts of the site in case a badger runs out and bites them .
' school management confirmed it had received reports of an apparently disorientated badger wandering near school buildings on one occasion .
it was observed and accompanied back to its sett by site staff and has not been seen since .
school principal tracy luke said : ` we do have a badger sett in the school grounds , well away from school