by .
eve mcgowan .
published : .
17:00 est , 8 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
04:28 est , 9 march 2014 .
when doug ibbs and deni daniel appeared on grand designs back in 2004 after buying an enormous ruin in rural france , a sceptical kevin mccloud proclaimed they 'd got ` carried away with the romance of it all ' -- and was n't at all sure they 'd ` thought it through ' .
the couple , both divorcees who had met five years previously , bought the tumble-down 19th century manor house on a whim after stumbling across an advert for it online .
the odds did n't look good -- neither of them spoke french , they had no experience with building work and they had n't even been intending to move overseas when they bought the house just two days after spotting it .
they sold their dorset home and gave up steady jobs in britain -lrb- doug was an engineer and deni worked in sales and marketing .
-rrb- .
scroll down for video .
transformed : the five-storey property in the limousin region in central france appeared on grand designs in 2004 and is now on the market for # 495,000 .
the five-storey property in the department of creuse in the limousin region in central france had been the headquarters of the local resistance movement during the war .
it was discovered and burnt down by the germans in 1944 , and since then it had not been touched .
but just a few months after first seeing the property , kevin was forced to eat his words .
` every time i 've visited i 've been more and more blown away by doug and deni , ' he said on the show .
` they 've proved that through sheer dogged optimism , it 's possible to tackle almost anything .
' fourteen months after buying the manor house , the couple , who lived in a caravan in the garden while the work was being done , opened their doors to paying guests .
dilapidated : this is what the mansion looked like before the restoration 11 years ago , having not been touched since the german army destroyed it in 1944 .
pride and glory : the property was the headquarters of