by .
alex lazcano for daily mail australia .
schools across australia have been slammed by outraged parents for becoming too cautious after it emerged that childhood games , loom bands and even bibles have been banned by some teachers .
it comes after a queensland school decided to ban students from doing handstands and cartwheels which prompted outraged parents to reveal online what other things have been axed from their kids ' schools .
peregian springs state school parents were advised in a recent school newsletter by deputy principal sandy cathcart that ` cheerleading-style ' stunts were not allowed unless children were supervised .
another distressed south australian mother took to facebook to reveal her child 's school now insists all parents have a police clearance if they want to step into a classroom .
the decision to ban cartwheels was made after students were injured while doing ` cheerleading-style ' stunts .
the mother filed her police clearance but realised it would take up to six weeks to be approved .
` for that time i am effectively not allowed in the classroom even for a few minutes , ' she wrote .
the woman 's sister posted the status onto reddit where many australian parents insisted that it should not be the case unless the parent is working at the school .
meanwhile new south wales primary schools are banning children from bringing loom bands to school to stop unfair swaps and sales .
the newest playground fad made from rubber bands has been banned at sydney 's north balgowlah public school .
parents were warned via the school newsletter not to allow their children to bring the rubber bands to school .
while in victoria the education department has banned religious organisations from running prayer groups and handing out bibles in state schools during school hours .
schools have banned children from wearing , trading and selling loom bands .
under the new guidelines , parents give their written permission for their child to attend religion classes via a new government-approved form .
a melbourne primary school even temporarily banned the game ` tips ' or ` tag ' last year because a lack of fair play among the students .
` we ca n't always win and no we do n't all get a prize and better to learn it now than when you are