by .
rachel reilly .
published : .
06:10 est , 8 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:12 est , 8 july 2013 .
psychologist dr linda papadopoulos said simple play can build a child 's self-esteem .
young children should return to old-fashioned games such as hide-and-seek and hopscotch to beat worries over their body image , a leading expert has claimed .
independent psychologist dr linda papadopoulos said her research has shown that children as young as five had anxieties over the way they look .
she said a return to traditional outdoor games such as tag and rounders would give youngsters more confidence in their own bodies for the future and fulfill the so-called olympic legacy .
active play also gives less sporty children the confidence to beat anxieties , she said .
dr papadopoulos ' report , entitled physical activity and body image , found that play is just as important as sport in getting children to participate in physical activity .
it said that children who have body confidence concerns are more likely to be anxious about taking part in formal sports .
however , parents who engage their children in regular physical activity , such as active play , from an early age , help them to develop increased self-esteem and emotional resilience .
she said both of these are important factors in developing a better body image and making children better able to cope with the external messages about body image - such as advertising campaigns - that they are bombarded with as they grow up .
speaking at the launch of the make time 2 play campaign , organised by the british toy & hobby association , dr .
papadopoulos added that recent studies had found that a quarter of .
seven-year-old girls have tried to lose weight at least once and one third of young boys aged eight to 12 are dieting .
she said : ' a return to old fashioned .
games which involve physical activity can only be good for getting rid .
of worries about body image among children .
dr papadopoulos said a return to traditional outdoor games like hopscotch would give youngsters more confidence in their own bodies for the future and fulfill the so-called olympic legacy .
` youngsters who are active and having fun are more likely to develop a