jenson button 's manager has hinted that the 2009 world champion is ready to turn his back on formula one .
mclaren are openly pursuing a reunion with fernando alonso , who left so acrimoniously after his spat with lewis hamilton in 2007 .
jenson button is expected to leave if mclaren sign fernando alonso , who is leaving ferrari after five years .
should the british team sign the spaniard , who is leaving ferrari after five years , it is likely to spell the end for button with mclaren expected to stand by their young protege kevin magnussen .
button , 34 , has more points than his team-mate , but has been outqualified in nine of the 16 races so far , and was urged to ` try harder ' by chairman ron dennis ahead of july 's british grand prix .
` mclaren are n't sure what they 're doing and what their line-up will be , ' said button 's long-serving manager richard goddard .
` jenson is an incredibly competitive racing driver who wants to race .
` he 's too good to sit at the back of the f1 grid , so he either gets a competitive car in f1 or he goes to get one elsewhere .
' button has been urged to ` try harder ' by mclaren chairman ron dennis ahead of july 's british grand prix .
one alternative for the englishman , a 15-time race winner , is the world endurance championship , the series mark webber defected to after retiring from f1 last year .
it is understood the 34-year-old has already held talks with porsche .
` jenson is still focused on f1 but would only want to be in one of the top teams .
so we 're always open to talking to anyone , ' added goddard .
` the world endurance championship is a formidable series that is gaining strength and mark going there has added a lot .
' l pirelli have changed their tyre choice for the brazilian grand prix after felipe massa branded their original decision ` dangerous ' and ` totally unacceptable ' .
after consulting with all 11 teams , they will now run the soft and medium compounds at the recently resurfaced interlagos track .