a british jihadist from coventry , nicknamed osama bin bieber , has been left disabled whilst fighting for islamic state in iraq .
according to a source close to his family , hadi told his father in late december that he had suffered ` serious spinal injuries ' and was now completely deaf in one ear .
he has been recovering in mosul hospital but it remains unknown whether he will be fit enough to ever fight again .
teen terrorist : mohammed hadi ,19 , left his home in coventry to join isis in march 2014 .
hadi was nicknamed ` osama bin bieber ' by social media users due to his boyish looks and spindly physique .
prior to his injuries , the 19 year old had reportedly been used by islamic state as a police officer in mosul .
islamic state police are responsible for arresting and punishing anyone who does not adhere to the group 's twisted interpretation of radical shariah law .
fluent in kurdish , arabic and english , hadi used his language skills to interrogate suspects and was considered an important assetto isis police force .
hadi had also been active on social media , where he frequently urged british muslims to join isis and carry out acts of terror against ` non believers ' .
the coventry trio : hadi travelled with school friends ali kalantar and rashid amani to syria after reportedly being radicalised by a local imam .
prior to his injuries , the 19 year old had reportedly been used by islamic state as a police officer in mosul .
fluent in kurdish , arabic and english , his language skills meant he was able to interrogate prisoners .
hadi travelled along with school friends ali kalantar and rashid amani after being radicalised by a local imam .
flying to turkey , the three friends crossed over the turkish-syrian border and joined islamic state in march 2014 .
however after completing basic training in syria , hadi left his two friends in manbij and travelled with islamic state for deployment in the iraqi city of mosul .
he regularly posted photos of the isis held city on his private social media account until he sustained his injuries last december .
rashid amani was known as abu massoud al-khurasani whilst fighting for isis .
like kalanter , he was of