by .
mark duell .
published : .
08:29 est , 13 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
17:27 est , 13 march 2014 .
the north sea helicopter crash that killed 16 men might have been avoided , a report has found .
sheriff principal derek pyle held a six-week inquiry after 14 oil workers and two crew died when a bond super puma plunged into the water off the aberdeenshire coast on april 1 , 2009 .
it found that bond had failed to perform a task from the aircraft maintenance manual just days before on march 25 - after a metal particle was discovered on the helicopter 's epicyclic chip detector .
scroll down for video .
deaths : the 14 oil workers and two crew who died when a helicopter plunged into the water -lrb- top row , from left -rrb- : james costello , vernon elrick , brian barkley , raymond doyle , -lrb- second row , from left -rrb- warren mitchell , gareth hughes , david rae , nairn ferrier , -lrb- third row , from left -rrb- stuart wood , richard menzies , james edwards , alex dallas , -lrb- bottom row , from left -rrb- leslie taylor , nolan carl goble , paasul burnham and mihails zuravskis .
bond also failed to ensure that communications with the manufacturer eurocopter were done according to procedure , with the result that ` misunderstandings arose between the parties ' .
it also failed to identify what the metal particle was during maintenance , the report said .
a witness had said how the helicopter fell from the sky ` like a torpedo ' , followed by its detached rotor blades .
an air accidents investigation branch probe found that the aircraft suffered a ` catastrophic failure ' of its main rotor gearbox - and its ` tail boom ' was severed from the fuselage .
the crash claimed the lives of captain and co-pilot paul burnham , 31 , from methlick in aberdeenshire , and richard menzies , 24 , from droitwich spa in worcestershire .
investigation : wreckage from the helicopter being brought ashore after the bond super puma plunged into the water off the aberdeenshire coast in april 2009 .
five men from aberdeen died : alex .
dallas , 62 , james costello , 24 , stuart wood , 27