last year mattel came under fire for its outdated representation of mexican culture with its launch of mexico barbie who wore bright pink traditional dress and had a chihuahua tucked under her arm .
however this does n't appear to have deterred the toy giant who has now launched their latest doll in traditional mariachi dress complete with wide brimmed sombrero and embellished suit .
according to the general manager of mattel mexico , ana paula martinez de alba.the launch of the mexican barbie comes a month prior to the celebration of the national day of mexico -lrb- 15 september -rrb- .
barbie 's latest nationality will be a mexican as mattel launch the toy in traditional mariachi dress .
barbie takes on a full transformation wearing .
a fitted black bolero jacket and cropped trousers trimmed in intricate .
golden brocade that mirrors the pattern on her impressive , wide-brimmed .
sombrero .
flourishes include a brilliant pink tie , low ponytail and tall .
black boots .
however , mattel 's latest offering comes as a bit of a risk as barbie 's previous venture into mexican culture caused huge controversy .
last april , the toy company sparked controversy with the launch of its first mexico barbie criticised for adhering to outdated and offensive stereotypes .
outdated or educational ?
could mattel 's latest mexican barbie cause as much controversy as their previous offering ?
mexico barbie wore a bright pink ` traditional ' dress and held a chihuahua , sparking a debate over whether the dolls are helpful or harmful to cultural awareness in children .
she was part of mattel 's barbie dolls of the world collection .
initially introduced in 1980 , the line .
was relaunched in 2012 as mattel 's attempt to appeal to a new generation .
of diverse barbie fans .
sara rosales , a spokesman for mattel , told fox news latino .
that the toys - which represent countries including mexico , china , .
india and holland - are educational tools for young children .
` girls .
enjoy exploring the world and learning about different cultures through .
play , ' she explained , adding : ` the barbie brand understands the .
significance of introducing new cultures to girls in a relatable way .
' under fire : the barbie dolls of the world collection