a pro-russian separatist fighting in eastern ukraine has admitted rebel forces shot down malaysia airlines flight mh17 , it has been claimed .
the militant , who has not been identified , reportedly said fighters blasted the boeing 777 out of the sky - killing all 298 people on board - after mistaking it for a ukrainian government cargo plane .
he said the rebels only realised their mistake when they began searching the crash site for the parachutes of military crew who may have bailed out the aircraft , only to find the bodies of children .
scroll down for videos .
-lsb- caption -rsb- .
the rebel - who worked locally as a miner before joining pro-russian separatists - told a reporter for italian newspaper corriere della sera that officers initially told him mh17 was a government plane .
` we shot down a kiev plane , our superiors told us .
we thought we were looking for baled-out ukrainian pilots but instead we found dead civilians , ' he was quoted as saying .
` all those poor people with baggage that certainly was n't military ... i was looking for a parachute and found the body of a little girl , ' he added .
his sensational admission that rebel forces shot down mh17 is in stark contrast to other pro-russian forces in the area , who remain insistent that the plane was taken down by government troops .
this morning alexander borodai , prime minister of the self-declared donetsk people 's republic , described evidence suggesting rebels had possession of a buk missile launcher as ` fake ' .
a pro-russian militant holds up a stuffed animal as others look on at the site of the mh17 crash .
298 people were killed when the plane was apparently blasted out the sky by a surface to air missile .
gun wielding : pro-russian rebels , followed by international observers , walk by plane wreckage as they arrive for a media briefing at the crash site of malaysia airlines flight 17 this week .
the 31-year-old fighter , who said he .
could not be named in the article but was happy to pose for photographs , .
is understood to be from the oplot combat unit , which was operating in .
the area around the hrabove crash site at the time mh17 was shot