by .
martha cliff .
we all remember the controversial facebook campaign women who eat on tubes , the fat-shaming fad in which users uploaded anonymous pictures of women munching away on public transport , sparking outrage amongst women , feminists and tfl alike .
however it seems that no matter what your size , you can come under fire - as a new instagram trend dubbed ` thin shaming ' proves .
you did not eat that was set up in april by an anonymous user and regrams images of slender women posing with fatty foods with the hashtag #youdidnoteatthat -lrb- ydnet -rrb- - and has already gained a following of 96,576 people .
scroll down for video .
did she , did n't she ?
abbey clancy poses with a calorie-laden hotdog .
claiming these women are simply using the food as accessories , its tag line reads : ` speaking the truth in this mixed up world of too many macaroons and ice cream cones used as props .
because really ... youdidnoteatthat ' .
the account 's creator said she began the project because she was sick of seeing staged photos of women with thigh-gaps posing with almighty slices of pizza and thought it was about time someone called them up on it .
recalling one particular instance that made her blood boil , she told new york magazine : ' a month ago i saw dozens of bloggers swarming a dessert table , taking pictures and spending five minutes merchandizing the sunglasses next to the macaroons .
then they walked away and nothing was eaten .
it was so contrived !
' a lot of hot air ?
millie mackintosh poses with cheesy souffles - but will she actually tuck in ?
hard to swallow : millie is known for her super-slender frame and clean eating , yet posts snaps of huge meals .
despite being adamant that her account is all in good humour , ydnet has been met with severe criticism , with many claiming that it will only encourages stigmas around food .
therapist rachel morris says that there could be something far deeper behind the desire to document a diet of high-fat foods .
she worries that the reason for the photos could be liarexia , whereby women order huge portions of food when out with others , but dramatically restrict