by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
published : .
03:34 est , 16 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
03:40 est , 16 october 2012 .
terminator star arnold schwarzenegger has backed boris johnson to become prime minister , bringing some hollywood glamour to the london mayor 's hopes of one day getting the keys to number 10 .
the former california governor hailed mr johnson as a ` visionary ' with all the qualities needed to be a great leader .
the fulsome endorsement is the latest chapter in the duo 's bizarre relationship , just a week after mr johnson described the blockbuster actor as an ` austrian cyborg ' .
boris johnson has been hailed as ` charming , funny and very clever ' by his one-time foe arnold schwarzenegger .
the pair rode boris bikes in london last year .
the tory party conference in birmingham last week was dominated by speculation about mr johnson 's leadership ambitions .
mr johnson used a speech to a conservativehome rally to repeat his swipe at schwarzenegger 's austrian accent .
despite giving fulsome backing to david cameron , the london mayor also attacked government policy on tax , aviation and housing .
opinion polls have suggested the conservative share of the vote would go up with mr johnson at the helm , although he has promised to serve his full second term as mayor of london until 2016 .
now schwarzenegger has backed him to one day become prime minister for having the key skill in politics : likeability .
` he has the qualities that are essential for a leader , ' schwarzenegger told the daily telegraph .
` for politicians , it 's all about personality .
boris is charming , he 's funny , and he 's very clever .
` but also he is a visionary and he 's very likeable -- and that 's really important in politics .
' in august the duo took a ride on the emirates cable car from greenwich to the excel in docklands , after watching the olympic basketball in greenwich .
schwarzenegger is in london promoting his new film , the last stand .
during his publicity tour he has also warned the prime minister against trying to copy mr johnson 's populist appeal .
` cameron must not try to