henrik stenson was angry with tournament officials after two late mistakes cost him victory in the arnold palmer invitational at bay hill on sunday .
stenson had seen his two-shot overnight lead turned into a two-shot deficit in the space of eight holes , but fought back to reclaim the outright lead with six holes of the final round to play .
however , the ryder cup star - who had played the final four holes in four under par on friday and saturday - three-putted the 15th for a bogey and did the same for par on the 16th after finding the green in two .
henrik stenson was angry with tournament officials after two late mistakes cost him victory at bay hill .
stenson had seen his two-shot overnight lead turned into a two-shot deficit in the space of eight holes .
morgan hoffmann shakes hands with stenson on the 18th green after the final round of the tournament .
and american matt every took full advantage with a birdie from 15 feet on the 18th to complete a closing 66 , which made him the third player in the tournament 's history to successfully defend the title .
stenson was unhappy at being timed for slow play on the back nine , telling reporters : ` i 'm obviously a little disappointed with the outcome .
` i 'm as much disappointed with the pga tour officials for putting us on the clock on 15 , starting to chase us down the stretch .
it 's busy enough trying to close out a golf tournament and to play the finishing holes without being on the clock .
i did not see the reason for that really .
' every , who was four behind heading into the final round last year and three adrift of stenson on sunday , said : ` last year i just made everything but this year i was driving it really well and my irons were spot on .
matt every -lrb- left -rrb- celebrates winning the arnold palmer invitational and is given the trophy by the man himself .
american champion every made a successful defence of the trophy at bay hill on sunday .
' i kind of had a feeling .
i was shaking some of those putts in but the one on 18 , straight downhill , that