by .
james chapman .
published : .
16:01 est , 8 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
07:22 est , 10 september 2012 .
denial : boris johnson says he is definitely not going to return to parliament .
boris johnson is being lined up to return to a safe commons seat in 2015 and mount an immediate leadership challenge if david cameron fails to secure an overall majority .
allies of the london mayor , whose popularity has been boosted by the success of the olympics and paralympics , played down the prospect of him making a westminster comeback before that .
their comments came despite swirling rumours of plots against the prime minister and to install mr johnson .
one conservative mp , colonel bob stewart , said two colleagues approached him before the summer break to consider a ` stalking horse ' challenge for the party leadership that might open the door for mr johnson to take over .
but colonel stewart told them to ` get lost ' .
the mayor infuriated number ten by going to war with mr cameron last week , criticising what he called a ` fudgearama ' over increasing airport capacity .
but a spokesman for mr johnson dismissed as ` fanciful ' a claim that multi - millionaire tory rebel zac goldsmith , who has threatened to quit parliament if the government goes ahead with a third runway at heathrow , offered his south-west london seat to the mayor .
however , despite the denials from city hall , the rumours about mr johnson 's return to westminster do not seem to be going away .
scroll down for video .
boost : the mayor of london , pictured handing over the paralympic flag at the closing ceremony yesterday , has enjoyed a boom in popularity because of london 2012 .
running scared ?
the prime minister arrived back at no10 this morning after a jog , after news that mr johnson may be poised to challenge him .
the two men were said to have discussed .
the prospect of a by-election in mr goldsmith 's richmond constituency .
following last week 's cabinet reshuffle , in which mr cameron sidelined .
ministers who are opposed to heathrow expansion .
mr johnson did meet mr goldsmith and the .
by-election scheme is thought to have been