jermain defoe is closing in on a return to english football as part of a swap deal involving sunderland misfit jozy altidore .
gus poyet has been working on a deal to end altidore 's nightmare at the stadium of light by allowing him to leave the club and move to major league soccer side toronto as part of a swoop for defoe .
poyet is desperate to add firepower to sunderland 's strike force and defoe has pedigree in the premier league after spells at west ham united , tottenham hotspur and portsmouth .
lazar markovic nonchalantly trots away after giving liverpool during their 1-0 victory at sunderland .
jermain defoe is closing in on a return to english football with a move to sunderland .
defoe -lrb- right -rrb- has been training with former club tottenham hotspur and wants to return from the mls .
black cats misfit jozy altidore -lrb- right -rrb- , pictured against chelsea in november , could move the opposite way .
1 - sunderland have won just once at the stadium of light all season and have the worst home record -lrb- nine points -rrb- in the premier league .
the biggest stumbling block to defoe 's return remains his # 70,000-a-week wages but the potential to trade altidore has softened the financial burden for the black cats .
toronto had been holding out for a # 6million transfer fee for the former england striker but are tempted by a straight swap provided sunderland take on his massive wages .
defoe , 32 , has been training with tottenham 's under 21 development squad to keep fit recently and , although there is no prospect of a deal at spurs , he has no intention of heading back to canada for the start of the mls season in march .
markovic poked beyond costel pantilimon to score his first goal since moving to the premier league .
emre can grabs hold of markovic as the liverpool players rush to congratulate the goalscorer .
how poyet could have done with the former england striker in his ranks on saturday as liverpool coasted to victory without their own talisman .
brendan rodgers did not want to expose raheem sterling to the coarse climes of the north east , where temperatures barely touched three degrees celsius and wild winds whipped litter around the stadium .
instead