by .
james rush .
published : .
11:52 est , 24 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:52 est , 24 january 2013 .
an eleven-year-old boy has admitted the rape of a six-year-old girl near his home in north wales .
the boy , who can not be named for legal reasons , also admitted three charges of sexual assault by touching and one of common assault on the six-year-old girl when he appeared at llandudno youth court .
last week the boy , from gwynedd , in north wales , had denied the charges when he appeared at caernarfon youth court .
the 11-year-old schoolboy , from gwynedd , in north wales , admitted raping a six-year-old girl when he appeared at llandudno youth court .
but yesterday district judge andrew shaw was told there had been discussions between the boy 's parents , his solicitor and his doctor which had led to a change of plea .
defence solicitor nicola jones said : ` after very lengthy discussions with his doctor , who has known him for many years , it became clear there was nothing medically that could have caused this type of behaviour .
' i have spoken at length with the boy and his parents and advised them of the consequences of a guilty plea and the decision they have taken , on the basis of my advice , is that he will plead guilty to all the charges .
' the boy was accompanied at yesterday 's hearing by his father and grandmother .
his dad held him close during the ten minute hearing .
a two-day trial due for march is not now needed the judge ruled .
adjourning the matter for the preparation of reports the judge said : ` it 's an extremely difficult case .
' no details of the charges were outlined in court yesterday but at the previous hearing the court heard that he is said to have told the girl to accompany him to a nearby pond to see some fish .
at that spot he is said to have asked the girl to perform a sex act on him , the basis of the rape charge .
it was also alleged he pushed her causing her to fall into the shallow pond .
the offences , which happened last august , came