by .
tamara cohen .
published : .
20:04 est , 14 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
20:05 est , 14 may 2013 .
jedi , druid and pagan weddings could be made legal across britain under proposals from mps , it was claimed last night .
they want to change the law to allow humanist weddings , for couples who do not want a religious or civil marriage to express their commitment .
but tories say such an amendment would ` dilute ' the institution of marriage by allowing other ` ridiculous ' sects to marry couples .
tories fear pagan marriage ceremonies like this one in glastonbury could undermine the principle of marriage if they are legalised .
in scotland , where humanist weddings have been legal since 2005 , marriages have also been solemnized by the spiritualists national union , the pagan federation and a faith healing group called the white eagle lodge .
humanism , which has around 40,000 followers in britain , is based on ` reason and humanity ' rather than religious belief .
in scotland there were 2,400 humanist weddings last year , outnumbering catholic ceremonies .
its practitioners carry out around 600 wedding ceremonies a year in england and wales , but these have no legal force so the couples who have them must also be married by a registrar .
mps are trying to amend the same sex marriage bill , the controversial legislation to allow gay weddings , to allow humanist weddings to have legal force too .
it will be voted on next week .
but government sources say if they are empowered to carry out marriages , it will be impossible to stop other sects going to court to claim the same power on the grounds of discrimination .
a government source said : ` marriage is hugely important and binds families and society together .
we believe allowing same-sex couples to tie the knot will strengthen marriage by making it more relevant in modern society .
` but proposals such as this which seek to undermine and dilute the institution of marriage by creating a two-tiered system are ridiculous .
we have a fundamentally different marriage system to the one in scotland and while they may be open to pagans , spiritualists and jedi 's conducting marriages , we are not .
the 2011