by .
heidi parker .
published : .
14:15 est , 14 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:37 est , 15 november 2013 .
simon cowell 's pregnant girlfriend lauren silverman reached a divorce settlement with estranged husband andrew in august , and now new details of the rather unusual agreement have emerged .
the terms included a clause that states the x factor mogul can not go near lauren 's son adam , aged seven , until january 2015 , according to tmz .
if he does , lauren will be fined $ 50,000 .
a spokesperson for lauren declined to comment to mailonline .
tmz also reported on thursday the exes are using mutual friend sir philip green , the billionaire ceo of the arcadia group , as well as attorney martin edelman to settle any future disputes over the next five years .
from friends to foes : on thursday tmz reported andrew silverman -lrb- left -rrb- does n't want his son adam , aged seven , to be around his old pal - and now ex-wife 's soon-to-be baby daddy - simon cowell -lrb- right -rrb- until 2015 .
also , if lauren allows her son and simon to interact three times , she will lose all contact with her child until a court decides what to do .
andrew and simon used to be friends , and the new york city businessman is allegedly so upset that his pal has romanced and impregnated his wife -lrb- she 's six months along -rrb- that he added a few other unusual clauses into his divorce .
lauren has to make sure her son does n't call simon - who usweekly claimed this week has a ring and will propose to the manhattan beauty next year - ` father .
' andrew has to make sure the child does n't call anyone but lauren ` mother .
' baby -lrb- and ring ?
-rrb- in 2014 : usweekly reported simon -lrb- seen here with his pregnant lady love in september -rrb- will pop the question next year .
the man in the middle : sir philip green , seen here in september , will help andrew and lauren settle any issues that come up over the next five years .
tmz also reports , ` the settlement agreement also provides andrew can not trash simon