passengers on a flight from san francisco to sydney that was diverted to canberra were stuck on board for more than 19 hours and stranded on the tarmac for another four .
united airlines flight 863 had to be diverted away from sydney due to debris on the airport 's runway and landed in canberra at 9am on friday following the 15 hour journey from the u.s. because canberra is not an international airport it does not have customs , quarantine or immigration facilities so the travellers were not allowed to disembark or enter the terminal .
passengers line up for food after being stranded on a united airlines flight to australia for 19 hours .
the stranded united airlines plane ua 863 is seen parked at canberra airport on friday .
some passengers began their journey in new york and said they had been on a plane for 30 hours , the abc reported .
a passenger , who did not wish to be named , told daily mail australia they were kept on the plane and unable to leave their seats for three hours with no food , water and bathrooms .
eventually some snacks were provided by qantas .
officials allowed the passengers to get off the plane just after 1pm but they had to stay on the tarmac .
once on the tarmac passengers were guarded by australian federal police officers and customs officials .
one other united airlines flight had to be diverted away from the sydney airport runway when it was shut between 7.45 am and 8.20 am on friday .
officials allowed the passengers to get off the plane just after 1pm after 15 hours in the air and four hours grounded on the plane .
a passenger said they were kept on the plane for three hours with no food , until snacks were given by qantas .
that flight was diverted to brisbane international airport so passengers were able to disembark .
a source said the united airlines pilots of flight 863 were informed the sydney runway was clear one minute after they had changed their direction to fly to canberra , but made the decision to keep going .
daily mail australia has contacted united airlines for comment .
canberra airport spokeswoman jane seaborn said the pilots were unable to fly again after they landed in canberra at 9am ,