a mother has told of her ten-year-old daughter 's devastation that her school was branded ` intolerant ' after she gave the wrong answer when asked ` what is a lesbian ' .
ariella wilkinson came home crying after ofsted inspectors interrogated her about homosexuality during a visit to grindon hall christian school .
the free school , in sunderland , has now been put in special measures after an official report found that discrimination ` persisted ' at the school because of ` homophobic language ' .
ariella wilkinson , 10 , came home in tears after being questioned by ofsted inspectors .
her mother lena said the questioning was ` completely inappropriate ' parents say inspectors ` aggressively ' questioned just a few young children about lesbian relationships to form the basis of their judgement .
they deny their children are intolerant and are compiling a petition against ofsted 's decision , which has the potential to close down the well-performing faith school .
ariella 's mother lena , 46 , said : ` the questioning was completely inappropriate .
they asked her what lesbians were , and whether she felt trapped in someone else 's body .
` she said she did n't want to talk about it , because she was embarrassed .
she did n't know why they were asking and she was n't prepared for it .
` she 's been crying a lot over it .
she thinks the bad ofsted report is her fault .
` the silly thing is , ariella knows about same sex relationships because one of our best family friends is gay .
` there 's no way she 's homophobic -- she just did n't realise they would be asking that kind of thing .
they put her on the spot .
' after speaking to ariella and several other students , the inspectors rated the school ` inadequate ' on pupil safety .
open : grindon hall , which teaches pupils aged four to 18 , has a christian ethos but no faith-based selection criteria , resulting in an intake that includes pupils from various religions .
they wrote : ` use of derogatory language relating to race or sexual orientation persists because the curriculum does not teach pupils about equality , diversity and the need to be tolerant and respectful towards those who are different