by .
katy winter .
published : .
04:27 est , 3 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:55 est , 5 october 2013 .
princess eugenie was seen out and about in new york yesterday with her new boss , the rather dashing alexander gilkes , before moving on to a dinner with her father prince andrew .
princess eugenie of york was spotted enjoying a stroll on the way to lunch in new york 's trendy soho with eton-educated alexander gilkes , 34 , co-founder of paddle8 , an online auction house which specialises in upmarket art and collectibles , which eugenie started work for this month .
the 23-year-old royal is clearly embracing life in new york and her feet have barely touched the ground since she arrived , having been seen out shopping with her mother sarah ferguson and dining out with mystery men as well as lunching with her new boss and having dinner with her father .
the princess was seen walking to lunch in nyc 's soho with alexander gilkes , co-founder of paddle8 , and thomas galbraith , the managing director of paddle8 .
the two headed to lunch in new york 's soho district with the managing director of paddle8 .
eugenie wore a moss-coloured dress which showed off her legs , and carried a black leather jacket .
despite her hectic schedule , eugenie looked relaxed as she strolled through .
the sunshine wearing a moss-coloured belted shift dress that emphasised .
her waist and showed off plenty of leg .
she paired the simple dress with black rag & bone ankle books and carried a black leather jacket in her arms .
with her auburn hair loose around her shoulders the princess seemed carefree as she shared a joke with alexander , a friend of prince william and harry from their eton days .
despite alexander 's good looks there is no romance brewing between the pair , as eugenie is currently dating jack brooksbank , 27 and gilkes is married to misha nonoo , 26 , who runs a fashion business in manhattan .
the pair were joined by thomas galbraith , the managing director of paddle8 .
alexander 's links to the royals go back to his school days at eton .
monday september 30 .
tuesday october 1 .
wednesday october 3 .
his