foam : a new acne drug trial produced no side effects , unlike those on the market -lrb- posed by model -rrb- .
a foam that 's squirted on to the skin could be a radical new treatment for acne .
it contains small amounts of a drug called minocycline , an antibiotic that 's long been used to treat the condition .
the treatment works by destroying the bacteria that lead to acne breakouts .
although minocycline is effective when taken as a tablet , it can have nasty side-effects such as vertigo , dizziness , diarrhoea and mouth ulcers .
however , it 's hoped the new foam , which is gently rubbed on to spots and is absorbed within seconds , will slash the risk of adverse effects because the drug does not have to pass through the body before it reaches its target .
early trials show the experimental foam , called fmx101 , is as effective as the drug in pill form , with a once-daily application reducing the number of spots by around 72 per cent over a three-month period .
crucially , none of the 150 patients who took part in the trial reported major side-effects .
acne affects eight out of ten teenagers and more than half of women over 25 .
hormonal changes cause the sebaceous glands in the skin to produce increased amounts of an oily substance called sebum .
together with dead skin cells , the sebum blocks hair follicles , trapping bacteria that usually live harmlessly on the skin , where they actually help to protect against infection by a wide range of organisms .
the main bacterium involved is propionibacterium acnes , or p. acnes , and , like others found on the skin , it needs a constant supply of oxygen to flourish .
but trapped inside the skin , rather than living harmlessly on the surface , it is starved of its normal supply and starts to attack healthy skin cells in an attempt to access the oxygen that is circulating in the blood .
meanwhile , the immune system , sensing the body is under attack , sends out white blood cells to try to ward off the bacteria .
the result is the inflammation and swelling that leads to an angry-looking spot that can become itchy and sore before eventually erupting and ,