ryan colclough returned from 16 months on the sidelines by getting the goal which moved crewe out of the sky bet league one relegation zone as they beat sheffield united 2-1 .
the 20-year-old forward had been sidelined by a troublesome hernia problem since november 2013 but made up for lost time by coming off the bench to strike a 90th-minute winner which lifted the alex up to 18th .
finnish striker lauri dalla valle had given the alex a half-time lead but his goal was cancelled out by jason holt 10 minutes into the second half .
lauri dalla valle -lrb- centre left -rrb- scored crewe 's opening goal in the 2-1 defeat of sheffield united .
sheffield united 's paul coutts sits dejected after the final whistle at bramall lane .
table-topping bristol city were only able to extend their lead by a solitary point after being held to a 2-2 draw by rejuvenated barnsley at ashton gate .
the robins were back in action six days after lifting the johnstone 's paint trophy at wembley and they made the perfect start when marlon pack converted a penalty after jean yves mvoto fouled aaron wilbraham .
however , former oldham loanee jabo ibehre levelled matters and josh scowen scored the goal which looked to be consigning bristol city to their first defeat in nine games before joe bryan rescued a point which sent his side 11 points clear of second-placed preston .
notts county started life without shaun derry by drawing 2-2 with fellow strugglers scunthorpe at meadow lane .
paul hart had been placed in temporary charge of the magpies and his reign got off on the wrong note when iron debutant theo robinson opened the scoring inside a minute .
joe bryan -lrb- left -rrb- scored as bristol city extended their lead at the top of the table to nine points .
notts county caretaker boss paul hart could only manage a draw with scunthorpe in his first game in charge .
goals from gary jones and balint bajner turned the game on its head before niall canavan rescued a point for mark robins ' men four minutes from time .
rochdale recovered from their derby-day defeat at oldham in midweek by beating bottom-of-the-table yeovil 2-1 to move into sixth .
all three goals came in six second-half minutes , with rhys bennett and jack o'connell