by .
emma reynolds .
published : .
04:57 est , 24 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
06:41 est , 24 october 2012 .
these bizarre bikes are sure to get plenty of engines racing .
the incredible motorcycles are made from naked human models covered in bodypaint and contorted into amazing shapes .
artist trina merry , from san francisco , california , has made a dirt bike , cruiser and sports bike out of her flexible subjects .
scroll down for video .
engines racing : the incredible designs will be used to front a major motor show as it tours the u.s. racy creations : the models are covered with natural , hypoallergenic paints , which is touched up once they are in position .
masterful marvel : the cruiser bike is sure to impress motor enthusiasts when trina merry 's hollywood talent goes on the road .
the surreal vehicles are now about to be used to front a high-profile u.s. motor show .
all of the speed queen models are athletes , and are made to pose in position for between five and six minutes over a period of up to 18 hours .
they are completely naked except for patches covering their modesty .
ms merry then slathers them with hypoallergenic paint , using brushes and spray-cans , partly before they pose and partly once in position .
she previously designed for films and tv in hollywood , before taking a break to work all over the world creating bodyart .
' i suppose it started when i went to a .
rock concert working with an australian band , ' she said .
` they asked me to get on .
stage covered in body paint and i ended up doing it in front of 300 .
people .
out on a limb : another view of the cruiser bike in this behind-the-scenes shot exposes the anatomy of the design .
bum deal : rider erin bates is painted by bodyartist trina merry and her team , while the bikes ` parts ' are also primed for action .
test run : ms merry trials her creations with unpainted rehearsals and careful designs before the real shoot takes place .
intertwined : the models practise their positions before stripping down for the shoot .
' i left hollywood and started