by .
larisa brown .
and lucy crossley .
and wills robinson .
a male teacher and an 18-year-old pupil who ` formed a relationship ' have been pictured for the first time after a police investigation prompted him to step down .
daniel mcquoid , 24 , resigned from his position at emmanuel college in gateshead , tyne and wear , after becoming ` romantically-involved ' with jayne louise emmett .
parents at the top christian school , which educates around 1,200 pupils aged between 11 and 19 , received a letter from principal jonathan winch informing them that the member of staff had left .
relationship : jayne louise emmett -lrb- left -rrb- was said to have been ` romantically involved ' with teacher daniel mcquoid -lrb- right -rrb- .
he has resigned from emmanuel college in gateshead , tyne and wear .
probe : police have begun an investigation into the pair 's relationship at the top christian school .
the student , aged 18 , recently left the college after completing her a levels .
a spokesman for the school , which was ranked ` outstanding ' in all five ofsted inspections to date , said the ` friendship ' was conducted with approval of the student 's parents but it breached the college 's staff professional code of conduct .
' a male teacher has resigned from the college after forming a friendship with a female student , ' she said .
` the student , aged 18 , recently left college having completed her a levels .
` the friendship was conducted with the knowledge and approval of the student 's parents but breached the college 's staff professional code of conduct .
' founder : emmanuel college was set up by businessman and philanthropist sir peter vardy in 1988 as one of the country 's first city technology colleges .
police confirmed that an investigation into the allegations was underway .
` inquiries are being carried out after police were informed about concerns about a relationship between a teacher and a student , ' said a northumbria police spokesman .
earlier this year the school was recognised as one of the best in the country when it comes to students ' progression .
emmanuel college was described as ` leading the field ' in improving outcomes for students and congratulated for its `