fresh details have emerged about last month 's sickening filmed beheading of 22 syrian soldiers by a group of international killers fighting for the islamic state .
operational details , such as the expense of the professionally produced and edited footage , how long the film took to shoot , and exactly where it was filmed were uncovered by british and american researchers who spent weeks extracting clues from the 16-minute long video clip .
the propaganda video , titled ` though the unbelievers despise it ' , was known to have been filmed in the religiously symbolic town of dabiq in north west syria , and also showed the severed head of captive american aid worker peter kassig , who was apparently murdered off screen .
however , experts from trac -lrb- terrorism research & analysis consortium -rrb- and uk-based counter-extremism think tank quilliam believe they have now pinpointed they exact stretch of desert in which the savage murders took place .
they also raise a number of questions about why non-speaking militants are seen wearing microphones , why some militants are filmed at the start of the video but not later , and bring to light new evidence suggesting isis ' killer-in-chief ` jihadi john ' may have been played by a body double .
scroll down for video .
investment in terror : experts believe the 16-minute long video would have cost isis approximately $ 200,000 to produce , such was the sophistication of the editing equipment required and the quality of the multiple hd cameras needed to produce such a slick and professional piece of propaganda .
horror : new evidence suggests isis ' killer-in-chief ` jihadi john ' may have been played by a body double .
how the video was shot .
according to joint research carried out by trac and quilliam and published by cnn , events leading to isis ' horrific beheading of 22 syrian soldiers were filmed over a four to six hour period .
close analysis of shadows and the direction of sunlight suggests that scenes that appear to have been shot without pause were in fact broken up and filmed over a number of hours .
this is likely to have been in order to re-shoot scenes if , for example , one of the murderers made a mistake in the heavily choreographed sequences captured before the murders actually