by .
richard spillett .
impressionist painting is most commonly associated with the banks of the river seine in paris or the haystack-studded fields of normandy .
but according to a magazine advert this week , the famous art movement has a new home - weymouth , dorset .
the seaside town was mistakenly pictured in a radio times travel promotion this week , which showed a photo of local attraction , bennetts water gardens , instead of the pond in giverny , france where claude monet painted his famous water lilies .
the family-run centre on the south west coast looks very similar to the garden where monet lived and worked and to which the radio times is advertising seven-day trips for # 699 per person .
the advert in the radio times -lrb- above , left -rrb- mistakenly featured bennetts water gardens in weymouth instead of monet 's garden in giverny , france , where he painted the famous masterpieces -lrb- below -rrb- .
the image used to illustrate the trip being offered to readers shows a footbridge that crosses the main lily pond at bennetts water gardens , a former clay pit which gets 20,000 visitors a year .
though impressive , the number of tourists visiting the dorset attraction is somewhat dwarfed by the 500,000 visitors a year who head to monet 's garden .
the pond in giverny , along with the japanse footbridge which spans it , were immortalised in a series of 18 paintings by the french impressionist over a 20-year period from 1899 .
in 2008 , one of the paintings sold for nearly # 41 million at auction in london .
bennetts decided to build a replica of monet 's japanese bridge over its main lily pond in 1999 after an old one fell into a state of disrepair .
the green-painted walkway leads tourists to the attraction 's gift shop .
the cafe has also been renamed the cafe monet in honour of the famous artist .
the gardens at the dorset centre -lrb- above and below -rrb- are modelled on the famous impressionist paintings but monet never visited the ex clay pit in south west england .
james bennett , the curator at bennetts , said : ` we had a bridge over our main pond before but it needed replacing in 1999 which was the 100th anniversary of