by .
hannah roberts in rome .
one of the vatican 's .
most senior money-men has been arrested in an alleged plot to smuggle .
20 million euros into italy from switzerland aboard a government plane .
monsignor .
nunzio scarano , the bishop of salerno , and the chief accountant for the .
vatican 's vast property portfolio , has been taken into custody along .
with an italian secret agent mario zito and broker giovanni carenzio .
scarano , .
61 , who worked at deutsche bank before taking ecclesiastical vows , is .
accused of fraud , corruption , and other charges , as part of a wider .
investigation into the ior vatican bank .
arrest : monsignor nunzio scarano , the bishop of salerno , the chief accountant for the vatican 's vast property portfolio , has been taken into custody .
his nickname in vatican circles .
was reportedly ` don 500 euros ' thanks to his habit of showing people .
that he had only the largest bank note in his wallet .
according to attorney silverio sica , scarano was a middleman in the swiss operation .
friends had asked him to intervene with carenzio to return 20 million euros they had given him to invest .
sica said scarano persuaded carenzio to return the money , and an italian secret service agent , giovanni maria zito , went to switzerland to bring the cash back aboard an italian government aircraft .
such a move would presumably prevent any reporting of the money coming into italy .
the operation failed because carenzio reneged on the deal , sica said .
zito , nevertheless , demanded his 400,000 euros commission .
scarano paid him an initial 200,000 euros by check , sica said .
the vatican bank , formerly known as the institute for religious operas , ior , inside the vatican and monsignor nunzio scarano , the chief accountant for the vatican 's property portfolio .
but in a bid to not have the second installment of the commission deposited , scarano filed a report for a missing 200,000 check , even though he knew zito had it , sica said .
carenzio and zito also were arrested wednesday along with scarano , sica said .
when asked how scarano responded to the accusations , sica said ' i think that