a shopper was given a nasty shock while preparing a pork casserole recipe - when he discovered an inch-long beetle festering in the packet of pork .
shiva govinden , 36 , from tarring in west sussex , was appalled when he found the bug inside the pork belly slices from tesco .
mr govinden , a special needs teaching assistant , was so disgusted he immediately returned the british pork belly slices to his local tesco express store and demanded an apology .
shiva govinden found the beetle inside the british pork belly he was about to serve up in a casserole .
he said it had taken the supermarket six weeks to investigate his case and vowed to never return to the chain .
he said : ` it was pretty disgusting .
i just put it into the casserole dish ready to go into the oven and there was a beetle an inch-long .
' i took it back to them straight away .
' i feel extremely disappointed about the length of time taken by tesco to commence an investigation into what is a public safety issue and a very poor standard of customer service .
' i hope that tesco learn to improve their food safety and investigative procedures as it should not take over six weeks to confirm what type of beetle was found in one of their pork belly packets .
` it 's appalling .
they are treating it as if it 's just another foreign body .
` if you 've got one thing like that then surely you want to get to the bottom of it straight away .
` it 's just not right .
you would n't accept it from a restaurant , so why a supermarket ?
' mr govinden said he was ` disgusted ' by his discovery and vowed to never return to tesco .
and the disgusted shopper said he would never shop at tesco again .
he added : ` they treat loyal customers like animals and serve them food not fit for pigs .
' a tesco spokesman said : ` we set ourselves extremely high standards for our food and were disappointed to hear of this incident .
` we appreciate mr govinden returning the product to us so our suppliers can investigate and we have offered him a gesture of