arsenal boss arsene wenger admits he failed to land all of his transfer targets in the summer window and says the club will reinvest in the squad again in january .
wenger made five additions to his squad during the last transfer window as the fa cup holders looked to strengthen .
alexis sanchez 's # 30million arrival from barcelona was the standout signing by wenger , but the frenchman has admitted he felt his business was uncompleted - something he will look to rectify in the next window .
arsenal boss arsene wenger says the club will spend again in january to sign another player .
` we won the fa cup with a difficult run , but we managed to deliver the trophy and it makes us stronger , more confident and i believe we will have a strong season , ' wenger told shareholders and a selection of fans at the club 's annual general meeting .
` we bought good players , i believe we 've done remarkably well in the transfer market .
we wanted one more player , but could n't .
we will try to rectify that in january .
` we have a good core of young british players , who feel the value of our club .
slowly the modern game has lost that .
` so we need your support again .
i encourage you to be behind us .
you are magnificent .
and i 'm sure we will come out this season more united and stronger .
' alexis sanchez -lrb- left -rrb- and danny welbeck both joined arsenal in the summer transfer window .
the gunners currently sit eighth in the premier league - nine points adrift of league leaders chelsea after seven games of the season .
arsenal lost 2-0 to the blues in their last premier league match and wenger has urged fans to be patient despite their sluggish beginning to the campaign .
the 64-year-old cites the poor start the club made last season before they went onto to lift silverware .
diego costa scored chelsea 's second in their 2-0 premier league win against arsenal in october .
` this is always an important part of my season , i know you are ambitious , critical and sceptical , but you are very loyal .
and i 'm very grateful to see the