last month science illustrator eleanor lutz brought us stunning graphics showing how animals fly .
and now she 's at it again with amazing illustrations showing how different animals breathe .
the fascinating animations show the direction oxygen and carbon dioxide travel in different animals to supply their body with oxygen .
a seattle-based designer has created animations for animals breathing .
they show how oxygen and carbon dioxide are transported .
the animations reveal how humans have a two-way system for air .
but birds have a one-way system -lrb- shown -rrb- , which lets them get ` fresher ' oxygen .
credit : eleanor lutz .
according to the seattle-based designer the graphics contain ` actual science ' in showing how animals breathe .
` i picked three species that i thought were particularly awesome , ' ms lutz writes on her website .
` the topic really lends itself to a short looped gif so that was an added plus .
' in the animations she revealed that animals have three different ways of breathing .
the first example uses the example of human lungs to explain how all mammals breathe .
it shows that humans inhale by moving their diaphragm to .
this lowers the air pressure in their chest and pulls air into the lungs .
the process of breathing draws oxygen into the respiratory system through the mouth and nose .
air sacs in birds allow air to flow in just one direction through their lungs , known as ` unidirectional ' .
this means that air coming through the lungs is mostly fresh and has a high oxygen content .
in mammals air flow is ` bidirectional , ' which means it moves back and forth into and out of the lungs .
this means air in a mammal 's lungs is mixed with ` old air ' , which has less oxygen .
for this reason , birds are able to fly at a higher altitude than mammals as they can get more oxygen from the thin air .
source : gary ritchison .
inhaled oxygen passes into the alveoli in the lungs and ultimately diffuses into our blood , which allows cells to produce energy .
for carbon dioxide the opposite process occurs , with it being pumped out by our lungs .
in birds , the process of attaining oxygen