a mysterious ` pyramid ' has been spotted on the surface of a comet that scientists are hoping will unlock the secrets to how earth formed .
the strange structure was discovered by the rosetta probe as it orbited comet 67p/churyumov-gerasimenko 297 million miles -lrb- 478 million km -rrb- from earth .
at around 82ft-tall -lrb- 25 metres -rrb- , the structure is one of the larger boulders seen on the comet and could help scientists better understand its history .
scroll down for video .
boulder cheops , taken by rosetta 's osiris camera on 19 september , from a distance of 17.7 miles -lrb- 28.5 km -rrb- .
the ` pyramid ' stood out among a group of boulders on the lower side of 67p/c-g 's larger lobe -- an area that has reminded scientists of the famous pyramids at giza near cairo in egypt .
esa has now named the structure cheops , after the largest of those pyramids , the great pyramid , which was built as a tomb for the pharaoh cheops around 2550 bc .
rosetta has spent 10 years chasing down comet 67p/churyumov-gerasimenko and is now in orbit around the ` ice mountain ' , edging in closer to its surface each day .
for a sense of scale , the comet is about three times the size of ben nevis and rosetta is the size of a car with 105ft -lrb- 32 metre -rrb- wings .
the ` pyramid ' stood out among a group of boulders on the lower side of 67p/c-g 's larger lobe -- an area that has reminded scientists of the famous pyramids at giza near cairo in egypt .
a patchwork of images of comet 67p from a distance of 10.5 miles -lrb- 16.9 km -rrb- from the centre of the comet .
the rosetta probe will launch its philae robot from a distance of about 6.2 miles -lrb- 10km -rrb- to comet 67p .
the 220lb -lrb- 100kg -rrb- lander will reach the surface on 11 november .
it will take around seven hours to descend .
during the descent , images will be taken and other observations of the comet 's environment will be made .
philae will make a gentle landing on the comet at walking pace , using screws and harpoons to lower and secure itself on the surface .
once the lander