by .
steve hopkins .
a german intelligence ` double agent ' who allegedly sold hundreds of top secret documents to the us was only caught after trying to broker an additional deal with russia .
details of the deal , to the russian secret service , emerged yesterday after chancellor angela merkel 's government summonsed the us ambassador to berlin .
it is the second case of suspected us intelligence spying against germany within a year .
german chancellor angela merkel has summonsed the us ambassador to discuss the ` double agent ' eight months ago german-us relations .
became tense after it was revealed that mrs merkel 's phone had .
been bugged by the us national security agency .
on friday , germany 's bundesnachrichtendienst -lrb- bnd -rrb- intelligence service admitted that one of its agents had been arrested for supplying american intelligence with at least 300 top secret documents over a period lasting several years , the independent reported .
three of the documents are believed to have related to german investigations into us surveillance and phone bugging .
the as yet unnamed 31-year-old was caught by his own country 's counter espionage agents and is in german police custody .
the spy was said to have supplied the us national intelligence service with at least 300 top secret documents .
german intelligence sources revealed that the us spy may have operated undetected for years and that he passed on information at secret locations for about # 8,000 a time .
it also said he established contact with the us through a simply email to the amercian embassy .
the agent 's arrest was raised at meeting of a german parliamentary committee tasked with investigating us surveillance scandal .
there is speculation that germany will get their own back on the us by inviting cia whistleblower edward snowden to testify against the nsa before a berlin parliamentary committee .
reports suggest the double agent was only discovered after he tried to supply information to russia , again by simply sending an email to their embassy .
bnd agents were said to be ` stunned ' by the discovery , as were german mps .
interior minister thomas de maiziere told bild newspaper : ' i expect everyone now to .
assist quickly in clearing up the accusations - and quick and clear .
statements , from