vile crime : victor gray dingler , 33 , is accused of photographing himself having sex with a girl beginning when she was only 4 years old .
an alabama man has been charged with first-degree sexual abuse following an investigation into child pornography first initiated in denmark .
victor gray dingler , 33 , from glencoe , alabama , was taken into custody tuesday for allegedly photographing himself having sex with a girl beginning when she was only 4 years old .
according to a seven-page criminal complaint cited by the station wbrc , dingler snapped 29 sexually explicit photos between 2011 and 2012 and then shared them with someone else online .
the affidavit stated that in march 2013 , officials from the department of homeland security in alabama received images depicting sexual acts performed on a child from the danish national police , which had flagged them down online .
one of the photos featured a university of alabama blanket - a clue that would eventually lead to dingler 's arrest .
with the help of the alabama department of education , federal officials were able to track down the alleged victim , who is now 7 years old and lives in etowah county .
when interviewed by investigators , the little girl confirmed that she was the child depicted in the pornographic pictures , and that victor dingler was the man who both appeared in the photos and took them .
law enforcement officials also spoke to a woman who lives with dingler and her 3-year-old daughter , who has been identified as a second victim in the child porn case .
according to the arrest affidavit , the 33-year-old glencoe resident admitted to police on monday that he engaged in sexual activity with the now-7-year-old girl and the 3-year-old .
some of the images showed the toddler 's privates and her touching dingler 's genitals , the court document stated .
dingler also confessed that he had produced x-rated images involving both children and distributed pornography involving the older of the two girls through yahoo messenger .