by .
william turvill .
these photographs show the incredible views that will be on offer to guests at one of london 's most hotly anticipated hotels when it opens later this year .
the shangri-la hotel , at the shard , will take up floors 34 to 52 in one of the world 's tallest - and most famous - buildings , designed by renzo piano .
initially expected to open this time last year , after a long wait the hotel will finally open its doors to guests on may 6 .
this is one of the incredible views guests at the shangri-la hotel in the shard will be offered later this year .
in addition to its 202 guestrooms , each offering breath-taking views across the capital , the hotel also boasts an indoor swimming pool and a stylish cocktail bar - both found on its top floor .
at the shard 's reception is found on the 35th floor , and each room is said to be unique owing to the building 's original shape .
with each guestroom featuring a floor-to-ceiling window , views across the river thames , the houses of parliament , the city of london and other more distant landmarks are on offer .
guests are also promised a body-contouring shangri-la bed , acqua di parma bathroom amenities and mirrors integrated with televisions in the 87-storey building , which opened in 2012 .
in all , the hotel will open with 202 guestrooms , each offering breath-taking views across the capital .
shangri-la 's at the shard hotel has an indoor swimming pool on level 52 as well as a stylish cocktail bar .
the shard is is 1016ft -lrb- 309.6 m -rrb- high .
it has 11,000 glass panels .
the area of the glass facade is 602,779 ft squared equal to eight football pitches .
there are 44 lifts , including double-decker lifts and 306 flights of stairs .
the total floor space is 31.4 acres .
95 per cent of the construction materials are recycled .
the hotel , which is said to have cost # 40million to complete , stands over london bridge station .
although it formally opens in may , not all rooms in the hotel are expected to be available until the autumn .
room prices start at around # 450 a night per person