by .
mark prigg in san francisco .
published : .
12:44 est , 13 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:00 est , 13 august 2013 .
apple is set to launch a new ipad mini with a high resolution screen before the end of the year along with a new version of its full sized ipad , it has been claimed .
the move is aimed at fending off increasing competition from google , which recently revealed its new nexus 7 tablet , which has a high resolution screen .
amazon is also believed to be developing a new version of its kindle fire tablet with a high definition screen .
apple is set to launch a new ipad mini with a high resolution screen before the end of the year along with a new version of its current full sized ipad .
the move is aimed at fending off increasing competition from google .
the current ipad mini has a lower resolution screen that apple 's full sized ipad , which boasts a ` retina ' display .
apple 's current ipad mini has a 7.9-inch 1024x768 resolution screen - this gives the tablet 's screen 163 pixels per inch -lrb- ppi -rrb- .
by comparison , google 's new nexus 7 has a ppi of 216 and apple 's 9.7-inch ipad with retina display has 264 ppi .
the lower resolution screens on the current ipad mini are supplied by lg and taiwan 's au optronics .
for its upcoming device , component manufacturers in asia have reportedly been told apple is planning to use screens from samsung , lg and sharp .
the move is aimed at fending off increasing competition from google , which recently revealed its new nexus 7 tablet , which has a high resolution screen .
the device runs the new android 4.3 , has a 7-inch , high-resolution display , a 5mp camera and will cost # 150 when it goes on sale on 25 august .
apple is thought to be particularly interested in samsung 's super-thin glass technology .
according to bloomberg , the next version of the ipad will be also adapted to look more like the current ipad mini , with rounded corners and thinner sides , one source told the news organisation .
the next version of the ipad will be adapted to