richie benaud has passed away at the age of 84 after a short battle with skin cancer but the man who spoke with an unrivalled blend of insight , authority and wit from commentary boxes at cricket matches across the globe will always be remembered .
here , sportsmail recounts 10 of his finest moments from his broadcasting career .
richie benaud , one of cricket 's great personalities , has died at the age of 84 after battling skin cancer .
1 .
ball of the century .
benaud was on hand to talk viewers through shane warne 's first test delivery for australia in england in the 1993 ashes , which turned out to be a stunning dismissal of mike gatting .
2 .
australia 's underarm ball .
benaud was renowned for his calming tone as broadcaster but his pure disdain for trevor chappell 's underarm delivery for australia against new zealand in 1981 is equally as memorable .
` one of the worst things i have ever seen done on a cricket field , ' he raged from the channel nine studio .
3 .
last spell of commentary in england .
benaud 's final commentary duties for channel 4 came in the fifth ashes test at the oval in 2005 and was commemorated by members of the crowd waving banners in tribute .
4 .
` you 've got to check if they 're still there !
' benaud 's cricketing knowledge was matched with sharp turn of humour , an example being when he saw a player get hit by a cricket ball in a place no man wishes to get hit .
5 .
andrew symonds stops a streaker .
thankfully , benaud was on hand to embellish one of cricket 's more bizarre moments during a one-day international between australia and india .
6 .
tribute to phillip hughes .
benaud narrated channel nine 's powerful tribute to phillip hughes in november 2014 .
7 .
geoffrey boycott runs out derek randall .
now a commentator himself , one can only imagine the uproar if geoffrey boycott saw a modern day player run his batting partner out in the reckless manner he did to derek randall .
but benaud 's take was typically measured .
8 .
benaud compares don bradman with sachin tendulkar .
benaud 's fascinating dissection of sachin tendulkar