a mum who was persuaded to try for ` one last child ' by her husband was stunned when she beat odds of two million to one - to have naturally conceived identical triplets .
melanie thornton , 33 , thought her family was complete with daughter tia , 13 , when her partner martin , 27 , talked her into trying for another child .
a scan at five weeks confirmed one little ` sack ' but she was astonished when medics later revealed she was expecting three identical triplet girls .
scroll down for video .
new arrivals : melanie pictured in hospital with boe , mika and hope after giving birth in august last year .
melanie says boe , mika and hope are happiest when they are closer together and do n't like being apart .
boe , mika and hope were born healthy and mum melanie has had to make some serious changes to cope with her new super-sized family .
melanie , a sales manager from paignton , devon , said her living room ` resembles mothercare ' with the couple bulk buying in almost 100 litres of baby formula a month for the growing babies .
she has even arranged special rubbish collections to deal with more than 250 dirty nappies a week , as well as ordering a special # 2,000 bumper pram for three .
the thorntons have also had to sell their peugeot car - trading it in for a # 5,000 second-hand vw transporter .
melanie also estimates her electricity bills have doubled since the twins have been born .
but the proud mum insists the mountains of dirty babygrows and endless feeds are all worth it for the adorable trio , who are happiest snuggled up together holding hands .
melanie fell pregnant with the triplets , pictured above , after being persuaded by her husband martin to try for a second child .
she said she ` thought it was a joke ' when told she was expecting three babies .
melanie 's 12-week scan revealed she was expecting triplets - after the previous scan had showed one ` sack ' the proud mum-of-four said : ` before the scan i had been saying something felt really different this time round .
' i said a few times `` i 'm sure there 's more than one