by .
emily crane .
and freya noble .
china has issued a bizarre denial of comments made by julie bishop to a fairfax journalist , which prompted a tabloid attack on australia 's foreign minister .
china 's the global times newspaper called ms bishop a ` complete fool ' after she told fairfax last week that australia had to ` manage for the worst ' when dealing with china .
but , perhaps in an attempt at smoothing diplomatic relations , china 's foreign ministry has denied ms bishop ever said that - despite the sydney morning herald publishing excerpts from the interview to prove it .
in a statement released by foreign ministry spokesperson hong lei , china said ms bishop never made the remarks and ` the australian side has clarified that with the chinese side through diplomatic channel ' .
scroll down for video .
the global times used a beijing colloquialism to describe julie bishop as a ` complete fool ' as it responded to comments made by the foreign minister in an interview last week .
australia 's history of human rights was also targeted in the original global times article , who described the country as a place once ` roamed by rascals and outlaws ' that would soon adjust to the shifting realities of power .
` australia 's history is not short of records of human rights infringement on the aboriginal population , ' the global times reported in its chinese and english editions on monday .
` the country used to be a place roamed by rascals and outlaws from europe .
perhaps it has to boast its values to cover up its actual lack of confidence in front of western countries .
' the newspaper 's editorial described the foreign minister as a ` complete fool ' as it responded to the comments made by ms bishop in the fairfax interview .
hu xijin is the editor of the chinese tabloid , the global times , which published the editorial taking aim at ms bishop on monday .
the chinese editorial compared ms bishop 's comments to that of prime minister tony abbott when he told japanese prime minister shinzo abe last week that he ` admired the skill and the sense of honour ' of the japanese troops who attacked sydney harbour during world war ii .