by .
jan moir .
published : .
16:31 est , 6 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:31 est , 6 september 2013 .
we return to downton abbey in the dead of night , six months after the death of matthew crawley .
the honeyed stone of the great house is sheathed in velvety darkness .
only a single bedroom light glows , high up near the eaves .
a shadow moves across the window .
whassat noise ?
a baby crying ?
a bat ?
mrs patmore strangling a pheasant for lunch ?
there 's no way of telling .
the walls of downton must keep their secrets just that agonising bit longer .
dancing into downton : hugh bonneville and elizabeth mcgovern are set to return to tv screens this week .
widowed : michelle dockery will return as lady mary but how will she cope with matthew 's demise ?
for yes , the fourth series of downton abbey is almost here .
this year it will be accompanied by the brilliant new book behind the scenes at downton abbey , a fascinating insight into the making of our favourite tv show , and serialised here exclusively .
some of the chapters give a tantalising insight into what promises to be another classic series , although to be honest i 'm not sure if i 've recovered from the trauma of our last visit to downton -- the tear-stained christmas special that ended with the death of matthew crawley .
a crumpled fender , a trickle of raspberry jam running down his noble brow , a man cut down in his prime after surviving the war , the convenient death of his fiancée lavinia swire and the curious incident of the trouser tingle ?
nobody saw that coming .
what exactly happened ?
your guess is as good as mine .
all that was clear was matthew lying at the side of the road , gone forever .
the episode ended with mary holding her baby , unaware her husband was dead .
as christmas downers go , it was right up there with santa claus not coming to town .
in the new series we find out all that 's left of matthew is a photograph in a frame , glinting in the lamplight on lady mary 's dressing table .
a