built to woo the virgin queen , architecture experts are now calling it ` the shard of its day .
' there is no doubt the views from the top of the 100ft tower , which boasts what were then the biggest glass windows in a secular building in tudor england , are impressive enough to make you go weak at the knees .
whether they also made queen elizabeth i swoon into the arms of her favourite robert dudley in the spectacular quarters he created for her exclusive use at kenilworth castle in warwickshire remains a mystery as intriguing as the rest of their relationship .
kenilworth castle in warwickshire has been nicknamed the ` shard of its day ' with its 100ft tower and what would have been the biggest glass windows in tudor england .
but english heritage will tomorrow open the monarch 's rooms in the tower to the public for the first time following a two-year project to install stairs and platforms allowing access to the chambers at the centre of the affair that set tongues wagging in elizabethan high society .
yesterday the historic monuments body 's head curator jeremy ashbee said a door - its arch still visible - from the queen 's outer chamber , where she would meet the great and the good , in the tower connected her rooms directly with dudley 's living quarters next door , which like much of the rest of the castle were later destroyed during the english civil war .
there was , believes dr ashbee , an antechamber between the two sets of rooms where dudley , the handsome and flamboyant earl of leicester , could well have ` lurked ' until elizabeth was free of other company before popping in to see her alone .
from there it is just a few short steps into the regal boudoir , where no one was normally allowed except the queen and her ladies in waiting .
` we do not know whether their relationship was ever physical , ' said dr ashbee .
` but they had known each since childhood , shared passions for riding and dancing , and it was no secret in court circles that he was a suitor for the queen 's hand in marriage .
indeed , dudley built the tower expressly to win her hand .
' the