thrifty consumers with an eye for a bargain may be in for a shock when they see their favourite soft serve cone has gone from 30 cents to 50 cents .
the popular fast-food chain mcdonalds has taken the beloved ice-cream off the ` loose change ' menu since last tuesday and nearly doubles the promotional price .
the favourite dessert was not the only item that rose , the small fries has also been dropped from the menu , now costing consumers $ 1.95 instead of $ 1 .
the menu is designed for the australian market , and allowing consumers to take advantage of the idea that finding coins between cushions did have some value .
consumers will no longer be able to purchase their favourite treat - the soft serve cone at 30 cents .
but a mcdonald 's spokesperson told daily mail australia that : ` our soft serve cone was 30 cents whilst it was on the loose change menu which was a promotional item for a limited time only .
` we 're proud to offer our customers great food at great value every day .
` we recently added $ 1 frozen coke and $ 1 choc waffle cone to the loose change menu .
' some australian customers have raised their concerns over the new prices .
apple pies has also been taken off the loose change menu , jumping from $ 1.50 to $ 1.95 .
the small fries and soft serve cone have been taken off the loose change menu since last tuesday .
while a mcdonald 's customer service representative told daily mail australia that the apple pies has also been taken off the loose change menu , jumping from $ 1.50 to $ 1.95 .
in 2011 , some apple pie fans started up a facebook group called ` australia demands the return of macca 's $ 1 apple pies ' after it hiked to $ 1.95 .
matt jackson , from south australia , opened the page and even started an online petition .
after months of signing and writing letters to the board , the page posted in june 2012 : ` success !
apple pies are $ 1.50 at the moment !! ' the small fries has also been taken off the loose change menu , jumping from $ 1 to $ 1.95 .
a