by .
lucy crossley .
published : .
09:45 est , 17 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
10:54 est , 17 march 2014 .
accused : sharon talbot denies taking a sex toy to the asheborough house care centre in saltash , cornwall and declaring she had decided to ` go fishing ' instead of attending an end-of-life meeting .
a care home matron took a sex toy to work , showed her underwear to staff , and declared she had decided to ` go fishing ' instead of attending an end-of-life meeting , a tribunal has heard .
sharon talbot allegedly revealed her underwear and spoke about her sex life on ` numerous occasions ' in the presence of staff at the asheborough house care centre in saltash , cornwall .
the senior nurse also took a sex toy into the centre which she showed to the deputy matron , helen tolcher , a hearing of the nursing and midwifery council -lrb- nmc -rrb- in central london was told .
in another alleged incident , ms talbot played the kings of leon song sex on fire within earshot of another staff member and shouted out of her office window afterwards ` come on vicar , complain about this ' , the nmc heard .
ms talbot failed to attend an end-of-life meeting with a dementia specialist at the home as she had decided to ` go fishing instead ' , it was also alleged .
she also ` raised her voice ' at the partner of a resident while accusing her of stealing chocolates which had been sent to the resident for his birthday , the nmc was told .
ms talbot is also accused of shouting at ms tolcher ` carry on nursing ' in another incident .
neil jeffs , for the nmc , said ms tolcher had resigned as a result of ms talbot 's ` unprofessional behaviour ' and had subsequently written a letter to caroline murphy , the ` responsible individual at the centre ' outlining her concerns about ms talbot 's behaviour .
a further letter , he said , from ms tolcher to ms murphy in december 2011 , signed by 22 members of staff at the home , had outlined allegations against ms talbot .
` the letter ... includes allegations of constant belittling of staff , staff