liverpool fans are about to find out if it 's mere coincidence that daniel sturridge 's injury has triggered a run of poor form , or whether the 25-year-old striker really is the most important player at anfield , ahead of raheem sterling and steven gerrard .
sturridge is due back on sunday against qpr after a thigh injury controversially picked up on england duty at the start of september , with liverpool facing real madrid three days later .
and the facts are these .
before sturridge 's injury , liverpool had won two of their three matches and scored six goals .
a win ratio of 66 per cent and goal average of two per game .
daniel sturridge is set to return from injury for liverpool at qpr this weekend .
sturridge has been out of action since sustaining an injury while on england duty in september .
the striker scored liverpool 's winner in their opening-game victory against southampton at anfield .
since his lay-off , liverpool have won two of seven games and scored only eight goals despite signing mario balotelli from ac milan for # 16million .
a win percentage of 28.57 per cent and goal average of 1.14 per game .
no wonder liverpool manager brendan rodgers is so looking forward to his england striker 's return .
` daniel is obviously a top talent whatever part of the game he comes into .
and it helps to have his pace especially when you are 1-0 up and the opposition has to come at you , ' says rodgers , whose unhappiness with the way england handled his player 's recovery time is well-documented and opened a sore between club and country that shows no sign of healing .
the exploits of luis suarez last season and the hype surrounding sterling since the world cup has helped people forget it could be sturridge who is the key man at liverpool .
raheem sterling scored on the opening day -lrb- left -rrb- but has struggled to recapture his form of last year .
mario balotelli has struggled since his # 16m move to liverpool from ac milan in the summer .
he scored 21 times in 26 premier league starts last season and his influence did n't stop there .
a shooting accuracy of 49.41 per cent underlines his composure in front of goal