ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats .
here is all the information you need for west brom 's home clash with hull ... west bromwich albion vs hull city -lrb- the hawthorns -rrb- .
team news .
west brom .
west brom head coach tony pulis almost has a fully fit squad to pick from for his first barclays premier league game in charge .
only jonas olsson is sidelined for the baggies after achilles surgery and is a few weeks off returning .
joeleon lescott -lrb- right -rrb- should return for west brom after being rested for the fa cup win over gateshead .
joleon lescott is likely to return after being rested for the 7-0 win fa cup over gateshead and victor anichebe is fit after a minor groin problem .
provisional squad : foster , myhill , gamboa , pocognoli , wisdom , dawson , mcauley , lescott , davidson , morrison , gardner , brunt , mulumbu , baird , blanco , dorrans , sessegnon , varela , anichebe , ideye , samaras , berahino .
hull .
striker sone aluko is set to miss hull 's trip to west brom on saturday with a calf injury suffered in the fa cup defeat at arsenal .
michael dawson will be back in the squad however after missing several weeks with a hamstring problem while fellow central defender james chester -lrb- knee -rrb- should also be available after missing the arsenal game .
michael dawson is set for a hull return having been out for a month with a hamstring injury .
andy robertson -lrb- ankle -rrb- , liam rosenior -lrb- hamstring -rrb- , gaston ramirez -lrb- groin -rrb- and mohamed diame -lrb- knee -rrb- remain out .
provisional squad : mcgregor , jakupovic , harper , chester , davies , maguire , mcshane , figueroa , bruce , elmohamady , livermore , meyler , ince , brady , quinn , huddlestone , hernandez , jelavic , sagbo .
kick-off : saturday 3pm .
odds -lrb- subject to change -rrb- : .
west brom evens .
draw 23/10 .
hull 14/5 .
referee : neil swarbrick .
managers : tony pulis -lrb- west brom -rrb- , steve