by .
becky barrow and tim shipman .
published : .
18:40 est , 13 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
01:39 est , 14 august 2013 .
around half of young britons who are out of work and not studying full-time have never even had a job , a study revealed yesterday .
the institute for public policy research estimates there are 640,000 16 - to 24-year-old neets -lrb- not in education , employment or training -rrb- .
this comes at a time when there are 529,000 job vacancies , up 56,000 in a year , and raises fears there are now vast numbers of unemployed who have never learnt the basic work ethic needed to get a job .
crisis : the institute for public policy research estimates there are 640,000 16 - to 24-year-old neets -lrb- not in education , employment or training -rrb- .
spencer thompson , an economic analyst at the ippr , a left-wing think-tank , said : ` we know from countless surveys of employers that they value employability and that those skills are lacking among young people .
they need people who turn up on time , look presentable and know how to present themselves in an interview .
' a separate report , from the british chambers of commerce , also reveals how many bosses are ` disheartened , if not downright frustrated ' by school leavers .
john longworth , of the business lobby group , said the education system was letting down young people .
he added : ` businesses i speak to up and down the country want to work with young people and are happy to train and employ them .
` but .
they are often disheartened if not downright frustrated to find school .
leavers and graduates do not have the minimum skills they need to join .
the workforce .
the research raises fears there are now vast numbers of unemployed who have never learnt the basic work ethic needed to get a job .
` the most common problems include poor literacy and numeracy , and behaviour and attitudes that do n't meet business expectations .
' examples include having no idea how to make a telephone call , such as having a polite telephone manner , failing to dress appropriately and a lack of punctuality .
other common faults include