bbc political editor nick robinson is fighting a rare form of cancer , it emerged last night .
the 51-year-old has been diagnosed with a bronchial carcinoid tumour and will undergo lifesaving surgery to have it removed .
located in the lungs ' larger tubes , they are usually slow-growing .
but they can spread and trigger cancer elsewhere in the body , becoming fatal .
bbc political editor nick robinson has been diagnosed with a bronchial carcinoid tumour and will undergo lifesaving surgery to have it removed .
in a statement , mr robinson 's agent said the broadcaster would be ` taking a short time off work over the next few weeks ' .
` his doctors are aiming to get him back at work in plenty of time to cover the election campaign proper , ' she added .
` he and his family have asked that they now have the space and privacy he needs in order to rest and recover fully before returning to work .
' prime minister david cameron sent mr robinson a message of goodwill , tweeting : ` sorry to hear you 'll be off for a few weeks .
i wish you well -- and a speedy return before the general election .
' and a bbc spokesman said : ` everyone at the bbc wishes nick a speedy recovery .
' last night mr robinson tweeted : ` thank you for the many kind and generous messages .
here 's hoping to be back reporting the news soon .
' bronchial carcinoid tumours are different from ` normal ' lung cancer , which forms among the cells that line the lung .
carcinoid tumours are actually cancers of tissues that produce hormones and send messages , called the neuroendocrine system .
prime minister david cameron sent mr robinson a message of goodwill on twitter and wishing him a speedy recovery .
the prime minister tweeted : ` sorry to hear you 'll be off for a few weeks .
i wish you well -- and a speedy return before the general election ' they can occur in numerous organs .
two-thirds appear in the digestive tract , a quarter in the lungs , and others in the pancreas , kidney , ovary and testes , according to cancer research uk .
dr keith prowse , medical adviser to the