antonio carluccio , pictured , has hit out at supermarkets for ` duping customers .
for many people it is an everyday staple at family mealtimes : a packet of pasta and a jar of tomato sauce bought from a supermarket .
but off-the-shelf italian food is a ` con ' and a ` scam ' , according to chef antonio carluccio .
yesterday carluccio , 77 , who is best known for his popular restaurant chain , accused supermarkets of duping customers into paying too much for poor quality products .
he claimed the fresh pasta they sell is packaged in a way that will make it weigh more -- and therefore cost more , while ready-to-go sauces are made from mediocre ingredients made flavoursome with too much sugar .
and he said supermarkets are being run by clueless accountants , who favour cost cutting over quality .
he revealed he ended his collaboration with a major food supplier to chain stores after being told the improved lasagne recipe he had created cost too much - despite being only 10p over the # 1 budget set .
and the feisty italian also scolded those who pour oil into water to stop pasta sticking to the pan : ` i do n't know which idiot chef came up with that , putting oil in the water .
the only time you ever maybe use oil is when you cook sheets of pasta to make lasagne .
' cream in pasta dishes also prompts a sour response from carluccio .
during an interview with the daily mail , he said : ` i do n't believe very much in pre made sauces because you can make one so easily yourself .
quality is paramount to italian food and you wo n't get that from supermarket sauces .
` supermarkets have one task , to distribute in great quantities to everybody , it wo n't necessarily be good quality .
even when it 's the best -- waitrose or something , it 's never going to be as good as if you make it yourself .
' asked if it amounted to a scam carluccio replied : ` it is a little bit , yes .
' and he said : ` what the industry offer as a fresh pasta is a bit of a con because they store it in a