by .
deborah arthurs .
last updated at 9:22 pm on 18th october 2011 .
imagine if you could find your perfect jeans without the endless trawl around denim stores trying on countless pairs .
we 've all been there - wrestling on pair after pair of jeans in cramped , overheated changing rooms in an attempt to find the holy grail of denim - the pair that will do the impossible of slimming , lengthening and lifting .
given that it 's a herculean task to ask of any item of clothing , it 's no surprise that women try on an average of 15 pairs before settling on the perfect pair ... or giving up and going home .
the bodymetric scanner takes readings from 300,000 points all over the body , creating an accurate map of the body 's curves and contours .
well , luckily for us , the high street is beginning to sit up and listen .
from today , customers at the new look store at westfield stratford will be able to avoid the traumas of ill-fitting jeans -lrb- goodbye , gaping waists , too-short legs and baggy bottoms -rrb- thanks to the installation of a bodymetrics 3d body scanner .
shoppers will strip to their underwear and step into the scanner , which is shaped like a photo booth .
low-power , infra-red lights will read more than 300,000 points all over the body .
the whole process will take no more than 7 seconds .
one hundred vital statistics can be gathered - from bottom , waist and hip measurements down to the size of the left ankle , thigh girth and inside leg .
the bodymetrics pods have become smaller and more compact thanks to advances in technology , meaning more stores across the nation will be able to accommodate one in their changing rooms .
once the customer has been scanned , a dedicated denim fit stylist will analyse the curves and contours of the body-mapping , using the information to pick and pick out the perfect pair - and hey presto , the jean genie 's work will be done .
the team will then email the customer their unique body map for future reference - based on the theory that as more stores implement the technology , the details could help with accurate fitting .
the technology