roy hodgson claimed the england captaincy has turned wayne rooney into the finished article after he struck twice in a 3-1 victory over scotland .
rooney 's masterful performance was the difference as england finished the year on a high at celtic park by recording their sixth successive victory .
the england forward has now scored 46 times for his country and is three away from equalling sir bobby charlton 's record of 49 .
wayne rooney celebrates his second goal to help england claim a richly-deserved win in glasgow .
team-mates flock to their skipper after the manchester united man made it 2-0 at celtic park .
alex oxlade-chamberlain scored england 's opening goal and hull defender andrew robertson netted for gordon strachan 's side .
there were injury scares for luke shaw -lrb- groin -rrb- and danny welbeck -lrb- hamstring -rrb- , but hodgson claimed the pair would be fit for the arsenal-manchester united clash at the emirates on saturday evening .
hodgson said : ` it has been a good three or four days for him .
slovenia was a great occasion , he has added to that .
we knew scotland would be a hard place to come and win .
` i ca n't speak for wayne but if you ask me they should be very important .
` records are very important and if he carries on this way he will soon be on the top of the list .
he has a record number of caps in sight and if he keeps his form and fitness he will get here .
he wo n't retire from football .
` in the last two years he has not become a worse player and his game is improving all the time .
` he takes responsibility , everything will be about the two goals .
there was a lot of other positive points to his game , i would like to think he is better but i am wary as a coach of putting too much responsibility on his shoulders .
' roy hodgson makes his point to his two-goal skipper during england 's sixth consecutive win .
both sets of fans contributed to a bristling atmosphere as the auld enemies contested a fine game .
hodgson claimed he did not hear england fans singing anti-ira songs during a 15 minute spell in the first