he sparked outrage amongst jewish groups after releasing a pig-shaped balloon featuring the star of david was released into the sky during a concert in belgium .
and now rock star roger waters , who has urged others to boycott israel , has earned himself another enemy - israeli model bar refaeli , who has demanded he stop using her image in his concerts .
the supermodel tweeted in hebrew an order to the former pink floyd frontman , ordering him to stop using her in his concert 's video footage .
scroll down for video .
roger waters has demanded a boycott of israel - but used israeli model bar refaeli in his concert 's footage .
israeli model bar rafaeli tweeted to the rocker telling him to stop using her image .
she told him that if he wanted to do a .
boycott - which he says is aimed at highlight the jewish state 's ` apartheid and racist foreign policies ' - he should boycott it fully .
the 28-year-old posted to the outspoken rocker : ` roger waters , you better take my picture off of the video art at your shows .
if you 're boycotting - go all the way .
' her response is a stark contrast to her reaction in 2011 when she saw a picture of herself being used in one of mr waters ' concerts .
` crazy thing ... went to the roger waters show in paris , and saw a pic of myself on the wall !!! #respect !!! i 'm honoured -lsb- sic -rsb- , ' she tweeted , the daily telegraph reported .
the model 's comment came a recent stunt which saw water 's large .
black balloon appeared towards the end of the musician 's concert in .
werchter , which opened his european tour .
anger : the balloon , pictured , was released into the sky towards the end of the former pink floyd frontman 's concert in werchter , which opened his european tour .
controversial : as well as the star of david , the black balloon also featured symbols of organisations and regimes from around the world .
as well as the star of david , it also featured symbols of organisations and regimes from around the world .
the balloon provoked a furious reaction from israeli groups