this is the shocking moment a thug punched his partner 15 times ` like a human punchbag ' in front of her three young children in a busy shopping centre lift .
jason edwards , 36 , cornered his partner in the lift at westfield shopping centre in shepherd 's bush , west london , before launching an assault on her .
the attack , which lasted around two minutes , took place in front of the victim 's three children , who are all under the age of 13 .
scroll down for video .
jason edwards , 36 , cornered his partner in the elevator at westfield shopping centre in shepherd 's bush , west london , before launching an assault on her .
he punched her 15 times in front of her three children .
edwards punched his partner , who has not been named , as if she was a ` human punchbag ' .
the victim did not seek treatment for her injuries but edwards was tracked down by police and arrested after fleeing the scene .
when the lift doors opened , edwards was greeted by a security guard but managed to flee the scene before police arrived .
the victim , who has not been named but is from north west london , did not attend hospital following the attack and refused to press charges or inform the police of her partner 's identity .
however , an investigation was launched by detectives at the community safety unit in hammersmith and fulham and edwards was tracked down days later on february 16 .
he admitted assault occasioning actual bodily harm at magistrates ' court the following day and has now been jailed for two years at isleworth crown court , greater london .
following his sentencing , detective sergeant damian ash , of the metropolitan police , said : ` shockingly , edward 's attack has been compared to a boxer relentlessly cornering and punching his opponent on the ropes .
edwards admitted assault occasioning actual bodily harm and was jailed for two years at isleworth court .
the attack , which lasted two minutes , took place in front of the victim 's three children , who are all under 13 .
` for nearly two minutes he struck his partner as if she was a human punch bag in front of