navy warship hms iron duke and its 180-strong crew have docked in portsmouth after a six-month patrol of the south atlantic , making it home just in time for christmas .
hundreds of friends and loved ones lined the harbour as the brave servicemen and women returned , having visited 11 countries and travelled 27,000 miles .
during the six months away , the ship and its crew protected uk interests abroad , joining allies to develop armed forces training and defending waters from piracy as well as lending humanitarian assistance where necessary .
scroll down for video .
hms iron duke sailed in to dock at portsmouth harbour today after six months at sea , visiting 11 countries and travelling more than 27,000 miles .
the 180-strong crew have returned just in time for christmas , with hundreds of family members and loved ones lining up to greet them .
chief petty office michael jeffrey holds his four-month-old son daniel after disembarking from hms iron duke today .
jubilation : identical twins ollie and edward threlfall kiss their mother jayne on the cheeks at portsmouth harbour this afternoon .
the ship left the uk in june and travelled down the west coast of africa , across the south atlantic to the falkland islands , up the west coast of south america and through the panama canal back to portsmouth .
naval officers were seen holding young children they had not seen in months as twin brothers both among the ship 's crew embraced their mother for the first time since they left britain in june .
the type 23 destroyer showed signs of wear and tear as it pulled into the harbour , with patches of rust showing on the stern of the 23-year-old warship .
the crew spent six months aboard hms iron duke , which prince william served on in 2008 , travelling down the west coast of africa , across the south atlantic to the falkland islands , up the west coast of south america and through the panama canal back to portsmouth .
she paid goodwill port visits in the canary islands , cape verde , guinea , ghana , nigeria , namibia , south africa , panama , haiti , barbados and the azores and also visited the falkland islands and south georgia as part of the successful deployment .
iron duke 's commanding