it seems anyone who claims something is ` better than sex ' are in a minority , after a study found making love is the most enjoyable human activity .
researchers used text messaging to build up a map of what activities people routinely rated as bringing the most and least happiness to their daily lives .
they found that sex ranked first in all three categories measured in the .
survey : pleasure , meaning and engagement .
sex tops the survey : making love was found to provide the most pleasure and meaning of all daily activities .
drinking alcohol or partying came second in terms of pleasure but only 10th in terms of meaning .
feeling sick was lowest rated in terms of pleasure , while surprisingly using facebook rated last in meaning .
the study was compiled by carsten grimm from the university of canterbury in new zealand .
with depression levels hitting all-time highs in western societies everyone from academics to governments have become interested in ways to measure and track happiness .
he said : ` so .
far governments around the world and media have focused mainly on life .
satisfaction in the discussion about well-being ; it turns out happiness .
is a far more complicated topic .
` one .
of the areas i 'm researching - orientations to happiness - looks at .
whether there are different ways of going about seeking happiness .
` psychologists .
have proposed that individuals may seek to increase their well-being .
through three main behavioural orientations ; via pleasure , via .
engagement , and via meaning .
` endorsing pleasure as a way to happiness means you enjoy ` eating dessert first ' or you focus on feeling good and enjoying sensory pleasures .
` engagement is what you experience when you 're totally absorbed in what you 're doing ; either skiing down a hill or being immersed in your work .
people call this experience a state of flow and this may be a dominant orientation to happiness for some people .
` having meaning in a person 's life was a way to pursue happiness ; being part of something bigger and contributing to the greater good .
' mr grimm used mobile-phone text-messaging to collect data on what people did during the day and how they felt about