on a cold friday night , there is nothing more tempting than a takeaway .
but not only can these dishes wreak havoc on our waistlines , they can also damage our teeth , according to a leading dentist .
here , dr sameer patel , a dentist at harley street 's elleven practice , lays out the hidden dangers in the most popular takeaway foods .
. takeaways not only wreak havoc on a person 's wasitline , they can also damage their teeth .
dr sameer patel , a leading dentist at harley street 's elleven practice , advises drinking water and flossing to keep teeth healthy .
indian and chinese : tooth staining .
it 's not just dark beverages such as tea and coffee that will stain your teeth - any heavily pigmented food can lead to tooth discoloration - and curry powder is one such culprit .
while this staple ingredient of indian cuisine is n't particularly dark , the deep pigment can stain teeth yellow over time .
dark liquids used to flavour foods , such as soy sauce , can produce the same effect .
so if you do eat sushi or chinese food , use the soy sauce sparingly .
indian and chinese takeaways contain curry powder and soy source , dark pigments that can stain teeth over time .
` anything that would stain a white t-shirt is likely to stain the surface of your teeth in the same way , ' dr patel says .
eating broccoli or spinach can form a protective film over teeth .
dr patel advises using the example of a white t-shirt : anything that would stain this is likely to stain the surface of your teeth in the same way .
he also recommends eating an appetiser of spinach or broccoli first , as these green veggies form a protective film over teeth , making them less porous and susceptible to staining .
opting for lighter coloured condiments such as rice vinegar or lemon is also advisable , he says .
kebabs : jaw ache .
eating lots of chewy kebab meat can overwork the jaw , leading to jawache .
believe it or not , the foods you eat can have a big impact on the health of the joints in your jaw .
as a result , the tough texture of the