by .
pete jenson .
follow @@ petejenson .
last august gareth bale was in cardiff on international duty , dodging spanish journalists on his way to meet up with his wales team-mates , and still uncertain of his # 86million transfer to real madrid .
one year on , he will be back in cardiff to play in the european super cup for real against sevilla and he will do so with 22 goals , the spanish cup and the champions league .
it 's hard to recall a record signing who has had a greater impact in his first year .
bale is only the third player in real madrid 's history to score in the final of both the european cup and the spanish cup in the same season .
only ferenc puskas and raul have done it before .
legend : gareth bale was instrumental in landing real madrid their much-wanted tenth european cup .
la decima : the bernabeu was full of supporters as the club paraded their newly won trophy through madrid .
sept 1 , 2013 : signs for real madrid for a world record # 86million .
sept 14 : scores on debut in 2-2 draw against villarreal .
oct 30 : scores two in 7-3 victory against sevilla .
dubbed cañonito -- little cannon -- by local media .
nov 30 : a perfect hat-trick -- header and goal with each foot -- in 4-0 win over real valladolid .
april 16 , 2014 : brilliant solo effort in victory over barcelona in copa del rey final is his 20th of the season .
may 24 : his goal sets up real 's 10th european cup triumph .
no wonder spanish sports daily marca claimed : ` he has turned out to be a bargain ; he is already a real madrid legend ' and diario as added : ` bale 's was the winner ; it was game over after that .
' bale has already outdone all previous brits abroad .
laurie cunningham played in the 1981 european cup final that real madrid lost to liverpool and steve mcmanaman was a goalscoring , man-of-the-match , winner in 2000 when real madrid beat valencia 3-0 .
david beckham managed just one champions league quarter-final appearance in his four years at real madrid .
paul lambert and owen hargreaves both won