19 kids and counting stars jessa and jill duggar are reported to be in the midst of a bitter fight , after it was revealed that mother-to-be jill , 23 , had unfollowed her younger sister - and her new husband ben seewald - on twitter .
according to the inquisitr , jill , who is expecting her first child , a son , with husband derick dillard in march , is linked with all of her other twitter-using family members , however jessa and ben 's accounts are noticeably absent from her 16-strong follow list , which also includes walmart and fox news .
it seems the resentment might not be mutual however ; newly-wed jessa follows both jill and derick , who is also listed as one of her followers .
scroll down for video .
squabbling sisters ?
rumors have surfaced of a rift between the duggar siblings after jill -lrb- r -rrb- unfollowed jessa -lrb- l -rrb- on twitter .
happy families : both sisters , pictured here with their parents jim bob and michelle -lrb- center -rrb- and their respective partners , were married earlier this year .
the reports will no doubt come as a shock to fans of the duggar 's hit reality series , who are used to seeing the siblings getting on incredibly well - particularly while helping each other to prepare for their respective wedding ceremonies , which both took place this year .
while the reason behind the feud is not known , it is thought that the feud could have something to do with the girls ' respective engagements and wedding ceremonies being so close together - and it has been speculated that jessa felt her courtship with ben was slightly overshadowed by the announcement of jill 's pregnancy .
and it is not the first time that rumors of tension between jessa and her siblings have surfaced .
earlier this year , eldest duggar daughter jana , 24 , revealed in the family 's tell-all biography growing up duggar : it 's all about relationships that she and jessa regularly fought throughout much of their childhood .
according to jana , her parents jim bob and michelle tried to end the sisters ' constant fighting by making them share a bunk bed , which only resulted in jessa continuing to torment her sibling by kicking her bunk