by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
12:07 est , 12 march 2012 .
| .
updated : .
12:08 est , 12 march 2012 .
around 13 per cent of women and five per cent of men have some degree of urinary incontinence .
women are particularly affected after childbirth .
women who face the daily embarrassment of not quite reaching the ladies in time could find relief ... with botox .
injecting the the toxin directly into the wall of the organ was found to improve symptoms among women considered to have a `` weak '' bladder .
on average , the number of times they suffered an episode of incontinence fell from six times a day to under once a day .
the number of times they felt an urgent need to go to the toilet also fell , from around eight times a day to three times a day .
about four out of 10 women treated with the powerful neurotoxin became continent again after six weeks and a third were still continent six months after treatment .
the effects started to wear off after about six months .
the study , published in the journal european urology , was carried out at eight urogynaecology centres in the uk from 2006 to 2009 .
a total of 240 women were split into two groups , with 122 women given botox and 118 receiving a dummy treatment .
researchers found improvements across a range of symptoms , including wetting oneself , feeling a need to rush to the toilet , and how often the women ` leaked ' urine .
however , there were side-effects - including some women needing to use a catheter to go to the toilet because of paralysis in the bladder muscle .
it is unclear how many people in the uk suffer urinary incontinence , but it is thought to affect more than 50 million people in the developed world .
figures from a previous uk study found that 13 per cent of women and five per cent of men had some degree of urinary incontinence .
women are more at risk , owing in part to the effects of childbirth .
current treatments include pelvic floor exercises , behavioural therapy and drugs that can have side-effects , such as a dry mouth , constipation and blurred vision .
dr