progress has been made on the investigation into brendan hickey 's death at sydney 's darling harbour late friday night .
police were able to confirm this morning that the tragic drowning of the 34-year-old was indeed an accident .
the irishman , who lived in randwick , was believed to be under the influence of alcohol while sitting with a group of friends on the edge of a wooden pier to watch sydney 's vivid light festival .
police have confirmed that brendan hickey , 34 , accidentally fell into sydney 's darling harbour on friday before 11pm .
` he stood up , lost his balance and accidentally fell in , ' marine area command 's acting superintendent joe mcnulty told the mailonline .
police are investigating brendan 's level of sobriety after witnesses alleged that he had consumed alcohol .
` we 're also examining whether other substances were involved , ' acting superintendent mcnulty said .
an autopsy is expected to be conducted on monday morning .
while a family member told nine news that brendan could n't swim , acting superintendent mcnulty said this has n't been confirmed .
police are yet to interview his friends and brother shane , who also resides in sydney , as they are currently grieving .
scroll down for video .
witnesses alleged that the randwick resident had consumed some alcohol .
tributes have poured in for irishman brendan hickey -lrb- right -rrb- , pictured here with julia szymanska .
distraught friends are interviewed by police after the randwick resident fell into the water at sydney 's darling harbour on friday night .
an extensive search was launched by emergency services who recovered the man 's body at 1.30 am on saturday .
since brendan 's death , friends and family have taken to social media to express their condolences for the irish ` gentleman ' .
after shane posted a photo of the pair of them smiling in green t-shirts on his facebook page one friend , suzanne colgan , wrote : .
` my thoughts are with you and your family ... bren was one of the greatest guys u knew , i 'm devastated .
' marianne hickey wrote : ` so sorry shane .
i have no words .
i 'm thinking of u cuz ... il c u soon xxxxxx ' ` thinking of