despite the non-draconian premise of the guide , the plan promises to ` transform your physique ' if you have tried cutting carbs , banishing sugar or spending hours on the treadmill in the quest for the perfect figure , you will be pleased to hear that a new food and fitness guide says shedding the pounds need n't be such hard work .
the four-week fitness and food effect , a collaboration between qualified medical doctor and nutritionist dr michelle storfer and fitnessontoast.com exercise blogger faya nilsson , takes the faddiness out of the equation and instead recommends eating carbs , feeling full , drinking caffeine , enjoying hot chocolates and not over-exercising .
despite the non-draconian premise of the guide , the plan promises to ` transform your physique ' in just four weeks , helping you to lose weight , lower your body fat percentage , tone up and feel infused with energy .
and all this without a gym membership or hours on the treadmill .
` countless hours of fruitless training can often often drain you of the very energy you 're looking to capture , ' explains faya , who has 30,000 followers on her fitnessontoast instagram account .
instagram account .
instead faya recommends body weight training , which uses your own body weight for strength exercises .
` body-weight training is fantastic for strengthening and sculpting the body , ' she says and all you need to start is an exercise resistance band , which retails from # 2 .
the 28-day programme also includes ` brutally focused cardio ' as well as stretch days and rest days .
in any one week , the plan recommends three 30-minute body-weight training days , two rest days , one stretch day and one ` hit ' day of high-intensity cardiovascular exercise .
a ` hit ' involves sprinting for one minute followed by a minute rest for 20-30 minutes .
the body-weight circuit consists of five different exercise to be done for one minute each with a two-minute rest at the end , repeated six times .
as well as creating a toned physique , faya explains , ` an increase in muscle mass will speed up the metabolism even whilst at rest ' .
` the thermogenic effect -lsb- increased body heat -rsb- that happens after a solid workout will compound this