ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats .
here is all the information you need for west brom 's home clash with qpr ... west bromwich albion vs queens park rangers -lrb- the hawthorns -rrb- .
team news .
west brom .
west brom 's craig dawson is suspended for the visit of qpr after he was awarded the red card wrongly given to gareth mcauley against manchester city .
defender mcauley was dismissed by referee neil swarbrick for a foul on wilfried bony which dawson committed and the red card was switched to dawson after a review .
craig dawson -lrb- right -rrb- will serve a suspension for his challenge on wilfried bony following retrospective action .
ben foster has been ruled out for six months with damaged crucial knee ligaments which the england keeper suffered in the baggies ' last home game against stoke while callum mcmanaman is also out with a foot injury .
provisional squad : myhill , rose , gamboa , pocognoli , wisdom , lescott , olsson , mcauley , baird , brunt , morrison , fletcher , yacob , gardner , mulumbu , sessegnon , berahino , anichebe , ideye .
qpr .
qpr manager chris ramsey has no fresh injury concerns for saturday 's visit to fellow barclays premier league strugglers west brom .
on-loan striker mauro zarate has returned to parent club west ham to regain fitness while richard dunne and leroy fer are both out with knee injuries .
queens park rangers youngster darnell furlong is likely to miss out with a calf injury .
darnell furlong is also likely to miss the game with a calf problem and alejandro faurlin is a long-term absentee with a cruciate ligament injury .
provisional squad : green , caulker , onuoha , yun , wright-phillips , henry , sandro , phillips , taarabt , austin , hill , mccarthy , kranjcar , hoilett , vargas , zamora , grego-cox .
kick-off : saturday , 3pm .
odds -lrb- subject to change -rrb- : .
west brom 8/11 .
draw 23/10 .
qpr 9/2 .
referee : lee probert .
managers : tony pulis -lrb- west brom -rrb- , chris ramsey -lrb- qpr -rrb-