everything was in place for england to .
suffer another embarrassment to begin their new era in the cold and wet .
of aberdeen on friday but they did all they had to do to take one small .
step towards recovery from their winter horrors .
it .
would have been easy for england to push for an abandonment to avoid .
any chance of more suffering when rain delayed a fixture that was always .
likely to be weather-affected .
yet .
one thing they will not lack under peter moores is enthusiasm and they .
made sure the 6,000 crowd who had waited all day at least got something .
of a game , even batting on during heavy rain when play eventually got .
under way at 4pm .
job done : james tredwell took four wickets as england beat scotland by 39 runs in aberdeen .
` it would have been wrong if the game had n't taken place , ' said england captain alastair cook .
` it was as wet as i 've ever fielded in and it probably was n't fit to play but both sides got on with it .
' england wore a strip that was virtually orange in their ill-fated world twenty20 match against holland and now , seemingly with a nod to their hosts , they took to the mannofield outfield in near identical blue to scotland .
the chances of their faces becoming red were increased when rain reduced the match to 23 and then 20 overs after scotland had won what looked an important toss .
yet england , who will meet scotland in different circumstances at next year 's world cup , encouragingly passed this test of their mettle .
glum : peter moores and alastair cook watch on as rain delays the start of the game in aberdeen .
fresh start : captain cook and ian bell come out to open the innings for england .
england would not usually entrust the .
start of a twenty20 innings to cook and ian bell and the longer-form .
openers had to work hard for their runs in the gloom and in the face of .
what cook hailed as ` outstanding ' scottish fielding .
bell was added to .
england 's squad for their twenty20 matches against west indies in march .
and the