a six-year-old schoolgirl spent more than five years with a hole in her heart before the life-threatening condition was discovered when her parents thought she had a cold .
sophie smith from gateshead was only given the diagnosis of having a an atrial septal defect after she was taken to her gp by her grandmother janice , who thought she was suffering from a common cold .
the grandmother , 55 , had become concerned about sophie when the youngster fell ill during a drama class at her school and took her to see a doctor , who discovered a murmur .
six-year-old sophie smith from gateshead with her grandmother janice , who is recovering from open heart surgery after it was discovered she had been living with a 2.5 cm hole in her heart .
the youngster , who lives with her sister erin at her grandmother 's home was then referred to newcastle 's freeman hospital , where it was found she was living with the serious heart defect , called atrial septal defect -lrb- asd -rrb- .
almost immediately , she was then whisked off for life-saving open heart surgery , which involved repairing the 2.5 cm hole with mesh .
mrs smith , an assistant medical administrator , said : ' i took sophie to see the gp after the incident in school and he picked up a mumur .
` we were referred to the hospital but were assured it would be nothing serious but then the cardiologist said : `` you do realise sophie has a hole in her heart ?
'' ` we could n't believe it .
the hole was quite a size and we had no idea until it was found by luck .
sophie underwent the operation at the freeman hospital in newcastle after being referred there when her gp diagnosed her with a heart murmur .
` we were told that a hole in the heart usually forms at birth , so she will have been living with it her entire life .
` the hole was found in october and a month later , she was having the surgery .
` it was a bit of a whirlwind coming round to it after i thought both my granddaughters were fit and healthy .
sophie 's family first grew concerned about her health after she repeatedly suffered from colds