after viewing photographs of mr balls ' challenge on rob merrick , former top referee graham poll said the portly shadow chancellor was lucky not to have been sent off .
the shadow chancellor yesterday morning left an opposition player bloodied and bandaged after clashing during an annual mps versus journalists football match at the labour party conference .
mr balls caught the northern echo 's westminster correspondent rob merrick with a thumping forearm as they challenged for the ball during this morning 's game in manchester .
scroll down for video .
shadow chancellor ed balls tackles journalist rob merick as they take part in the labour mp 's v lobby journalist football match this morning .
merrick was forced off the pitch after the clash and needed patching up before returning to the fray .
this morning 's game took place at manchester city 's ` ethiad campus ' in the east of the city .
merrick , a combative central midfield enforcer , later took himself off to accident and emergency .
mr poll said : ` had i been refereeing this match , i would have certainly voted yes for a straight red card for ed balls .
` as the pictures show , ed deliberately brought his arm and elbow into the face of rob merrick -- a clear foul and an obvious sending off .
` but if you need further evidence , you only need to look at the blood that flowed after the incident .
` not only did we have a man representing the red of the labour party -- his challenge left plenty of red on his opponent 's shirt and that 's why my card definitely would have been red for ed .
' mr balls is said to have lost a stone since last year 's match , though again the photographic evidence appears to do little to support his case .
the pair clashed as they battled for the ball in this morning 's ` charity game ' for breast cancer .
mr balls clearly caught the lobby journalist with his arm , but later rejected claims that he was at fault .
the northern echo 's political correspondent was forced to leave the pitch for treatment after the clash .
after the clash merrick was taken off the pitch and patched up by the waiting st