chelsea are the worst behaved team in the premier league when it comes to respecting referees , according to official figures .
the data , compiled by football association fair play delegates who attend every top-flight match and assess team behaviour towards match officials , show jose mourinho 's team are the most likely to protest decisions .
they have faced criticism for surrounding referees this season , while mourinho 's back room staff are rated second-worst for their behaviour on the touchline .
chelsea players protest a decision made by referee roger east during a home match with newcastle united .
chelsea are the worst behaved team in the premier league when it comes to respecting referees .
nemanja matic is held back by team-mates kurt zouma and john terry after a red card against burnley .
the table is compiled by football association delegates who attend each match and give ratings out of seven .
jose mourinho and his back room staff ranked second-worst in the respect assessment .
referee phil dowd is surrounded by chelsea players during their match with tottenham .
the fair play figures , reported by the daily telegraph , show that liverpool show the greatest respect towards officials , followed by burnley and west brom .
sunderland , arsenal and stoke city rank poorly in the assessment , which involve delegates rating each team out of seven for their conduct towards referees and their assistants .
premier league guidelines on the practice state : ' a positive attitude , including the acceptance of doubtful decision without protest , will be rewarded with high marks .
chelsea captain john terry remonstrates with referee jon moss during a match with everton .
chelsea assistant manager rui faria has been criticised for his behaviour on the touchline this season .
liverpool shows the greatest respect towards match officials , according to the figures .
liverpool players , including philippe coutinho , joe allen , mario balotelli and steven gerrard speak to referee andre marriner during their match with newcastle united at st james ' park last november .
manchester united players argue with referee lee mason - they came in the middle of the respect table .
` normal behaviour without any particular positive attitudes or gestures towards match officials is likely to receive a score of six rather than seven .
' managers and their