by .
sarah harris .
published : .
17:43 est , 5 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
18:28 est , 5 november 2013 .
teenage girls are being manipulated and confused by role models who turn from clean-cut to raunchy , a leading headmistress warns .
jo heywood , who runs a # 30,000-a-year girls ' boarding school , singled out miley cyrus for her damaging ` mixed messages ' .
the singer , 20 , became a child star in 2006 as the wholesome lead in the disney series hannah montana .
role model ?
miley cyrus as hannah montana in 2009 , left , and performing with robin thicke at the mtv awards .
girls ' school headmistress jo heywood says teenage girls are confused by role models who turn from clean-cut to raunchy .
but in the past year , she has become embroiled in controversy , culminating in a provocative ` twerking ' performance at the mtv video music awards in august .
miss cyrus appeared in a skin-coloured bikini , danced suggestively with singer robin thicke and made lewd gestures with a foam finger .
mrs heywood , of heathfield school in ascot , berkshire , said she hoped the success of athletes such as jessica ennis and victoria pendleton at the london olympics would give girls a new generation of women to admire .
speaking out : head teacher jo heywood singled out miley cyrus for her damaging ` mixed messages ' it had seemed that ` finally women were being recognised for their achievements rather than their looks , which reality show they were on or which celebrity they were dating ' , added mrs heywood .
` as head of a girls ' school , i have long been yearning for more appropriate female role models for today 's young women , ' she continued .
` we knew what these sportswomen stood for : hard work , sacrifice and achievement .
they were clear-cut role models for young women .
` a year on , i am not so sure that .
anything has really changed .
i am more than a little concerned that some .
of the so-called role models young girls may look up to are giving them .
confusing , mixed messages .
` fast forward to another example of how young women are