hundreds of terrified parents were left panicking after a school wrongly reported their children were missing after accidentally sending them a bulk truancy text using its automated service .
on monday , the parents of children at wadebridge school in cornwall received the text message saying their kids had not arrived for the day .
but when they frantically called the school they were told the message had been sent in error .
despite the school 's initial claims there was an issue with its automated truancy service , it was later confirmed that the message was sent after a mistake was made by those operating the service .
the message was accidentally sent to hundreds of parents whose children attend wadebridge school -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
pictured is the letter sent from the school to parents regarding the erroneous text .
despite initially saying there had been a error with the service , it was later discovered a user had made the mistake .
one grandmother said that her daughter , who has a child at the secondary school , had been ` frightened to death ' by the text .
she said : ` she went haring to the school .
she thought something had happened to my grandchild .
she 's still in a state of shock now .
' sharon meehan , 42 , works at the molesworth arms hotel in wadebridge .
she has a son in year seven called patrick .
she said : ` my husband got the message and rang me while i was at work .
he was going mental because obviously we both thought that patrick was in school .
' i thought he had not gone to school that morning , had walked out or just missed registration .
it is worrying though , especially when you are at work and your son has only just started at the school .
` what 's worse is that it took me half an hour to get through and this is the second time this has happened to me .
my husband works away and it is really hard to imagine what would have happened if patrick had genuinely gone missing .
the school need to sort it out .
' gabriella cleave , 38 , of wadebridge , is unemployed , and received the text to say her son jake