by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
18:09 est , 22 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
21:18 est , 22 may 2013 .
police have found a backpack belonging to an iowa 15-year-old who has been missing since monday , as search teams continue to hunt air , land and sea for the teen .
kathlynn shepard 's family are praying the piece of evidence leads to their daughter who investigators believe was abducted with a 12-year-old friend by registered sex offender , michael j. klunder , 42 , shortly after getting off their school bus in dayton .
the friend escaped from a hog confinement facility some miles from where she said the pair accepted a ride from klunder , who was found dead of suicide in his home just four hours after picking up the girls .
late on tuesday , officers found two backpacks and a purse belonging to the girls .
investigators have also released an image showing kathlynn just .
minutes before the abduction , as she disembarked the school bus wearing .
a cubs baseball cap and a grey t-shirt with an american flag on it .
scroll down for video .
new photo : this image from video provided by the iowa department of public safety shows kathlynn shepard , 15 , as she exits a school bus shortly before her abduction on monday , may 20 , 2013 .
the bags were found by k9 teams in fraser , some 15-miles south of where the girls were taken , next to a wooded state park .
the 12-year-old girl has not been identified .
police say she escaped from a hog confinement facility several miles southeast of dayton .
officials said in a statement that the discovery of the backpacks have given police a new area to focus their search .
iowa department of .
natural resources has been searching the des moines river in boats , said .
bill kietzman , an iowa division of criminal investigation special .
agent .
police .
are searching several areas within 20 miles of dayton on foot and are .
using an iowa state patrol airplane equipped with a heat sensor .
meanwhile the devastated family released a statement thanking volunteers who rushed to help search for the girl .
past offender : police say convicted sex offender michael