west ham striker andy carroll arrived back in london on monday night with his new fiancee billi mucklow after proposing to the tv star during a trip to rome .
carroll , who has been dating the former towie star since last summer , popped the question on sunday before touching back down in the capital the following evening .
the 25-year-old , who could make his long-awaited return to the west ham squad for this weekend 's match against aston villa , was pictured with his new fiancee as the pair set off from the airport in the italian capital .
the newly engaged couple pose for a picture inside the plane at the airport in rome before arriving in london .
tv star billy mucklow shows off her engagement after getting engaged to andy carroll in rome .
carroll posted a picture from within the plane as it was about to touch down in london after their trip to rome .
mucklow said on monday : ` last night -lrb- sunday -rrb- the love of my life asked me to marry him - i 'm so happy !
@andytcarroll you are my everything and i ca n't wait to be your wife !
#mrscarroll ' the former towie star posed with a sketch of the two sitting in a restaurant with the colosseum in the background with ` will you marry me ?
' written above .
cara kilbey and lauren goodger , who have both appeared on towie in the past , passed on their congratulations on instagram and twitter .
mucklow confirmed the news on her instagram from the italian capital rome .
carroll and mucklow have been dating since last summer , and got engaged on their breakaway .
mucklow best friend cara kilbey passes on her congratulations on her engagement to carroll .
lauren goodger also congratulated carroll and mucklow on the big news .
kilbey said : ` congratulations to these two special people on their engagement .
#rome ❤ i am so happy for you both xxxx ' , with goodger adding : ` congratulations and just seen the ring on facetime wow !! so happy for you both lots of love ' .
carroll has not appeared for west ham this season after suffering an ankle injury in july but could return to squad for saturday 's premier league match against