by .
meghan keneally .
anthony weiner and huma abedin have been spotted searching for a new apartment as their current apartment rent is too steep .
the disgraced former congressman and his political advisor wife have been living in an apartment which is estimated to cost $ 12,000-per-month in rent since he resigned amid a sexting scandal in 2011 .
the flatiron apartment was being rented to them by democratic donor jack rosen , who is close with bill clinton , the former president who officiated weiner and abedin 's nuptials .
park avenue digs : huma abedin and anthony weiner have been living on park avenue south ever since he sold his queens co-op during the 2011 sexting scandal that required him to resign from office .
inevitable : weiner blasted citihabitats on twitter after the broker spoke to a tabloid about what apartment the couple were considering .
now they are looking to move to a slightly cheaper apartment with their son jordan but are apparently staying in the neighborhood .
the new york post reported that the couple have been seen looking at a three-bedroom , two-and-a-half bath apartment in a doorman building on east 23rd street .
citihabitats realtor brian morgan allegedly showed the couple the $ 8,000-per-month apartment in the modern building .
` he did n't talk much ; she was very nice .
she was in control .
she was asking all the questions and was way more vocal , ' mr morgan told the post .
it comes as little surprise that just hours after the report was published , the former congressman blasted the real estate company for not only allowing their broker to publicly speak about their working relationship , but to publicize it on their own twitter account .
even though weiner put down the company as having ` no class brokers ' , he did n't deny the report .
the new building that they are looking at is only a few blocks further east than their current apartment , and it comes as little surprise that they would like to stay in the area : anthony 's brother jason owns l&w oyster bar and almond , two restaurants in the neighborhood .
daddy duty : weiner has been regularly spotted with his son in the area around their apartment , taking now-2-year-old jordan to the grocery