by .
jennifer smith .
a two-legged puppy has become an internet sensation after he was filmed carting his best friend around in a bespoke wheelchair that has been dubbed chariots of inspire .
the 16-week-old boxer called duncan lou who melted hearts around the world after being born with severely deformed hind legs .
the dog had to have two of his limbs amputated , but has overcome his disability with the help of the custom made wheelchair designed to straighten his spine .
scroll down for video .
two legged puppy duncan lou who has become chauffeur to his best friend ducky , who sits comfortably on his wheelchair .
the 16-week-old puppy had his hind limbs amputated after being born with them fused together .
now the energetic puppy has become chauffeur to his best friend ducky who sits comfortably on his hind wheels .
duncan lou who was forced to have an operation last month to separate his back legs which were fused together when he was born .
panda paws rescue in vancouver , canada , took the dog in and helped him recover before he was given the wheelchair by vets .
owner amanda giese revealed despite being nervous about his ` bright green spaceship ' at first , the puppy quickly adjusted to .
she said : ` ducky and duncan lou who are best friends .
words can not describe how amazing ducky has been for duncan through this whole process .
the puppy has overcome his disability and is now as fast as the other five dogs at the rescue centre according to his carers .
the dog 's owner , amanda giese , is confident the other dogs at the rescue centre in vancouver , canada , have helped with duncan lou who 's recovery .
though the puppy can walk and run on his two front legs , vets designed the bespoke wheelchair to prevent his damaged spine from worsening .
now the wheelchair has been dubbed chariots of inspire after duncan 's best friend ducky took to hitching rides on its hind wheels .
` ducky climbed onto the back of his space ship and instantly duncan felt more confident .
you could see his whole posture change , his eyes lit up , he wanted to run and run with the others .
' i have a