the parents of a former marine who was kidnapped in syria over two years ago want more information from the obama administration .
marc and debra tice said that they have been given little to no information about their son , photojournalist austin tice , since he disappeared near damascus in august 2012 , and that they believe all information should be made available to them .
this just days after they said that the white house has been ` exquisitely horrible ' about communicating with them .
scroll down for video .
marc and debra tice -lrb- above -rrb- said that they have been given no information about their son , photojournalist austin tice , since he disappeared .
tice -lrb- above -rrb- was kidnapped near damascus in august 2012 .
` we feel certain that there 's more information that could be shared with us .
it 's not shared with us because we do n't have the appropriate clearances , and we 're not vetted , ' said mrs. tice , appearing with her husband on the real story with gretchen carlson on friday .
' i said this before , i feel like god vetted us when he gave us this man for our son .
i think that all the information available should be available to us .
' mr. tice then noted that while the two have been in communication with the white house , he believes that the ` content could be deeper .
' tice was in syria reporting for the mcclatchy news , the washington post , cbs and other media outlets when he was kidnapped .
it is still uncertain who took the man as no groups have come forward to take credit .
footage of a man who appeared to be tice did surface in september 2012 , just a month after his capture , and showed a man being led up a rocky hillside while blindfolded , looking exhausted as he made statements in broken arabic .
` we feel certain that there 's more information that could be shared with us .
it 's not shared with us because we do n't have the appropriate clearances , and we 're not vetted , ' said mrs. tice about her son -lrb- above -rrb- .
this as obama has recently promised to do more to help the families