by .
marie-louise olson .
published : .
17:19 est , 19 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:19 est , 19 october 2013 .
a fifth motorcyclist was arrested by police on friday in the brutal beating of suv driver alexian lein earlier this month .
kaliq douglas , 28 , of brooklyn was charged with gang assault and assault with intent to cause serious injury for his involvement , according to police .
douglas was hauled into the 5th precinct station house where he was questioned friday by investigators , according to the new york post .
the fifth biker : another biker , kaliq douglas , 28 , of brooklyn , is under arrest in connection with the road rage attack on an suv driver on the west side highway .
charges : douglas was accused of gang assault and assault with intent to cause serious injury for his involvement .
first time : douglas has not had any previous arrests in new york .
he has no arrest history in new york .
the victim of the vicious motorbike gang attack was seen last week for the first time since he was brutally assaulted .
married .
father lien left his wall street apartment on friday , october 11 , in a .
hoodie , baseball cap and sunglasses .
he was accompanied by a woman .
believed to be his mother or mother-in-law .
he shielded himself from cameras as he hurried down the street in downtown manhattan and entered a high-rise building .
scroll down for video .
hidden : alexian lien emerged last week from his new york home , the first time he had been seen since he was attacked by a gang of bikers .
protecting : lien , 33 , pictured last week for the first time since the incident , said he feared for the safety of his wife and two-year-old daughter who were in the range rover .
badly injured : lien needed stitches after he was attacked by bikers in new york .
he hit some bikers in a bid to escape them but they caught up and beat him .
terror : lien was dragged from his car and beaten by bikers on september 29 in front of his wife and two-year-old daughter on a new york highway .
the emergence of the victim