a woman who has been imprisoned for more than 30 years for the 1976 murder of a 19-year-old nursing student is set to be released this week , now that another man has been connected to the crime with dna evidence .
cathy woods , 64 , was being treated at the louisiana state university medical center in 1976 when she confessed to killing michele mitchell .
mitchell was found dead near the university of nevada 's reno campus on february 24 , 1976 - her throat slashed shortly after her car broke down .
release : cathy woods , 64 , is set to be released from prison this week as she awaits a retrial in the 1976 murder case of college student michele mitchell .
dna evidence now ties a man to the slaying .
pictured above in court yesterday .
confession : woods -lrb- left -rrb- confessed to killing mitchell -lrb- right -rrb- while being treated as a mental patient at the louisiana state university medical center .
her public defender believes she only confessed in order to be deemed dangerous , and get a single bedroom at the mental hospital .
pictured above in court on september 8 .
the psychiatric patient 's public defender says she only admitted to the killing so that staff would think she was dangerous , and let her have her own room at the mental hospital .
new suspect : rodney l halbower , an inmate in an oregon penitentiary , recently submitted dna evidence which now connects him to a cigarette butt found on mitchell 's dead body .
` i 'm told it was a product of wanting to get a private room , ' her public defender maizie pusich said .
` she was being told she was n't sufficiently dangerous to qualify , and within a short period she was claiming she had killed a woman in reno .
' ' i suspect the reason why she thought of this case is because this was the case everybody around her was talking about .
this is something she would have heard about many , many times , ' pusich added to sfgate .
recently obtained dna evidence , however , links known reno-area killer rodney l halbower to the crime .
a judge accepted woods ' petition for a re-trial , and will be released this