a 14-year-old boy has died two weeks after a tornado killed both of his parents and seriously injured his sisters while camping in virginia .
lheandrew balatbat had been in a coma at children 's hospital of the king 's daughters since the tornado ripped through their campsite in northampton in the early hours of july 24 .
his parents lord balatbat and lolibeth ortega , both 38 , died on the scene while his younger sisters lharieza anne , 12 , and lheanna lynn , 7 , and 21-year-old cousin jelyn ortega-fallarme were seriously injured .
on saturday , family and friends were informed that lheandrew passed away .
scroll down for video .
too young : lheandrew balatbat , 14 -lrb- pictured -rrb- , died on saturday after spending two weeks in a coma for injuries he sustained when a tornado ripped through a virginia campground .
family tragedy : lheandrew 's parents lolibeth oretega -lrb- left -rrb- and lord balatbat -lrb- right -rrb- , both 38 , also died in the tornado .
powerful : the balatbat family were taking their annual camping trip to celebrate mother lolibeth 's birthday when the tornado appeared on july 24 .
the balatbat family was on their annual camping trip to celebrate mom lolibeth 's birthday when the tornado hit cherrystone family camping & rv resort .
more than 30 people were injured in the ef1 tornado , with 175 left without shelter the next day .
an ef1 tornado reaches speeds of 86-110 mph .
survivors : lheandrew 's younger sisters lharieza anne , 12 -lrb- center -rrb- , and lheanna lynn , 7 -lrb- right -rrb- , were also injured but have since been released from the hospital .
fast : the tornado was categorized as an ef1 , which reaches speeds between 86 and 110 mph .
the tornado downed trees and power lines and even flipped over large camping trailers .
police say there were 1,328 campers and 40 staff members at the campground that night .
lord balatbat worked as a manager of a walgreens in jersey city while lolibeth worked as a lab technician for quest diagnostics .
their daughters were seriously injured but have since been released from the hospital .
two funds have been set up to benefit the balatbat 's children , including a gofundme page organized by one of balatbat