by .
james nye .
an amorous boat captain who had left the helm to have a drunken three-way sex escapade caused a minor security scare at new york 's la guardia airport on sunday .
craig gallo , 51 , crashed his boat into the runway lights of the busy hub after descending below deck with james benenato , 60 , and mary ann belson , 60 .
galo was charged by the nypd 's harbor unit with operating a boat under the influence and belson was taken to hospital to be trated for a possible broken nose and jaw .
benenato suffered no physical injuries .
drunken sex smash : this is gallo 's boat - which crashed into the side of the runway lights at la guardia airport in new york city .
the distracted threesome met in a bar in college point , queens and neither of the two men had ever met belson before .
staggeringly , the boat was left impaled on the stanchion for 30 minutes before the port authority arrived to investigate .
a spokesman for the pa police department admitted that security had been breached .
he said if those aboard the boat had been ` terrorists with bad intentions , they could have easily succeeded .
crashed : this man is believed to be craig gallo - who crashed his boat on sunday after a drunken three-way romp with a man and a woman .
before the crash : the boat at harbor in new jersey - where mr. gallo lives .
` if they had hand-held rockets , they would have had plenty of time to fire at planes .
' however , there were no patrols on that night because the pa police department has decided that evening patrols would go in a round of cost cutting measures .
` the boats were purchased with federal money .
they are not being deployed 24-7 -- as the public would expect them to be , ' said paul nunziato of the papd union .
gallo , who lives in new jersey and is an employee of a financial firm on long island was in his boat when it crashed at the end of runway 22 .
crash scene : the boat hit the runway lights at the end of runway 22 at new york city 's la guardia airport