trinny woodall -lrb- right -rrb- has vowed to give her 11-year-old daughter the perfect christmas after the death of her ex-husband johnny elichaoff , 55 -lrb- left -rrb- .
trinny woodall has vowed to give her 11-year-old daughter the perfect christmas after the tragic death of her ex-husband who fell from the roof of a shopping centre .
the fashion expert 's former husband johnny elichaoff , 55 , died last month after he apparently fell from whiteley 's shopping centre in bayswater .
ms woodall , 50 , who is dating art mogul charles saatchi , and mr elichaoff were married for ten years and had a daughter , lyla , before they divorced in 2009 .
the what not to wear presenter had remained friends with financial advisor and antiques dealer mr elichaoff , and was described as being ` grief-stricken ' following his death .
describing the festive season as ` poignant ' , she said today that she would be making sure the holiday period was as normal as possible for their young daughter .
` my daughter 's father and i were separated , or divorced , for a few years .
we were friends , ' she told evening standard editor sarah sands on london live today .
` so it 's about making it a really great christmas for my daughter , making it feel kind of it 's everything she wanted to look forward to .
' in her first interview since mr elichaoff 's death , ms woodall said she would be spending christmas in london with her sister .
' a friend of mine says we 're a tiny cog in a very large wheel , so you have something that 's quite a direct personal tragedy but we 're a part of this big picture as well , ' she said .
` so it 's about picking up the reins again and moving forward .
' although police said they were not treating mr elichaoff 's death as suspicious , he has been linked to four other businessmen who died in unusual circumstances .
these include tycoon scot young , who died last week after falling four storeys from a window at his # 3million marylebone penthouse .
mr elichaoff , who became friends with mr young through work , was known to have business problems and is