why did the duck cross the road ?
to hand out moving violation tickets apparently .
on halloween , police in fort lee , nj used an undercover officer , dressed in a 6-foot-4 donald duck costume to bust 130 drivers for failing to yield to a pedestrian , according to wabc .
on oct. 31 , as part of the fort lee police department 's pedestrian decoy program , the officer , dressed in the costume , would step out into the crosswalk as if he were crossing the street .
quack : new jersey 's fort lee police department used an undercover cop dressed in a donald duck costume to bust more than 100 drivers for failing to yield to a pedestrian .
caught : when drivers failed to stop for the costumed cop , uniformed officers pulled them over farther down the road and gave them a moving violation ticket carrying a $ 230 fine as well as two points on their driver 's license .
when drivers failed to stop for the costumed cop , uniformed officers pulled them over farther down the road and gave them a moving violation ticket carrying a $ 230 fine as well as two points on their driver 's license , wabc reports .
` two years ago , we had 62 people struck , ' fort lee police chief keith bendul told wabc .
` this year , we had 40 , i 'm glad to say .
but zero is my ultimate goal .
' wabc was present at the time the decoy program was held and reports that one driver honked his horn for the undercover cop to get out of the way and other times , drivers continued to drive through the crosswalk when the duck was in the street .
chief : fort lee police chief keith bendul said more than 60 people were struck last year as a result of drivers failing to yield to pedestrians .
crosswalk : during the decoy operation , one driver honked his horn for the undercover cop to get out of the way and other times , drivers continued to drive through the crosswalk when the duck was in the street .
on the department 's facebook page , it was made clear that the undercover officer was not crossing the street against a traffic light or pedestrian