prince harry took some time out of his hectic tour of the united states yesterday to spend time in an english-style pub .
the prince booked the whole of the the golden bee , near where he is staying in colorado springs for a briefing .
despite being a private affair , harry dressed smartly in a british armed forces navy polo shirt , blue chinos and a grey belt .
it was a home-from-home for the .
prince , as the pub is modelled on a traditional english pub and has .
even had its interior decorations flown in from britain to make it feel more .
authentic .
relaxing : harry leaves the golden bee pub after a short afternoon briefing .
home from home : the english-themed pub includes decor flown over from the uk to give it an authentic feel .
the pub was loaned for half an hour , while the prince a briefed journalists about the warrior games - a sports tournament .
for injured servicemen and women .
but .
unlike his escapades in las vegas , which culminated in the prince being .
snapped in the nude , the afternoon was perfectly civilised and harry .
seemed relaxed when he left .
popular : the well-known pub was booked on behalf of the prince for the meeting .
tankard : the prince appeared to pass a silver pint mug to an aide as he headed for the waiting car .
harry , .
who has himself recently returned from a tour of duty in afghanistan , .
spent time chatting to injured soldiers at the games , many of whom had lost limbs .
the prince is known as captain harry wales by his comrades and appeared to be wholly at ease among his fellow soldiers .
he .
even stayed for a game of sitting volleyball with members of the .
british armed forces team , as well as taking part in the opening .
ceremony for the games , where the torch was lit .
the prince is involved in several charities which support injured service personnel .
getting involved : earlier in the day the prince had played sitting volleyball with injured british soldiers taking part in the warrior games .
chatty : the prince spent time getting to know fellow british soldiers .
true soldier : the prince