by .
reuters reporter .
published : .
16:58 est , 25 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:58 est , 25 january 2013 .
a 1794 silver dollar , which many experts believe was the first such coin struck by the u.s. mint , sold for a record $ 10 million at auction on thursday .
the flowing hair silver dollar more than doubled the previous $ 4.1 million record for a coin set in 1999 , auction house stack 's bowers galleries said .
legend numismatics , a rare-coin firm based in new jersey , bought the coin , which was the highlight of the evening sale in new york that fetched a total of $ 17.2 million .
scroll down for video .
ka'ching !
a rare 1794 silver dollar has set the record for the most pricey transaction at auction concerning a coin - $ 10 million .
` we felt in our heart that this would be the very first coin to exceed the $ 10 million barrier in auction and were in fact prepared to bid much high in order to acquire this unique piece of history , ' the company said in a statement , adding it had no plans to sell the coin in the near future .
david bowers , chairman emeritus of stack 's bowers galleries , said the coin has unique features that make it particularly valuable .
` it is the first american metal dollar struck and the finest known .
you have these combinations coming together .
no museum has an equal piece , ' he told reuters .
seller : martin logies bought the coin three years ago as part of the ` cardinal collection ' the coin was part of the cardinal collection , amassed by the collector martin logies .
bowers described the collection as the ` old masters ' of coins struck during the earliest years of the u.s. mint .
' i think it is extraordinary and i am very pleased that the first silver dollar is the first to top the $ 10 million threshold , ' said logies , who purchased the coin three years ago .
the $ 10 million price includes the buyer 's commission .
like the buoyant art market , which is expecting another good year in 2013 , bowers said coins are a