by .
bianca london .
published : .
04:05 est , 2 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:36 est , 2 october 2013 .
coleen rooney has .
worked diligently to get her figure back to peak condition since the .
birth of her second son in may , and the results speak for themselves .
there is no doubt that the 27-year-old liverpudlian has been showcasing a super slim figure of late .
and now , wayne rooney 's wife has revealed the secret weapon she used to shift her ` mummy tummy ' .
slimmer frame : coleen rooney has been displaying a more svelte figure lately and now she has revealed the secret behind it .
the mother-of-two is currently using technoshape - a fat-blitzing stomach belt - to rid her post baby stomach after giving birth to baby klay back in may , which can be worn whilst working out on a treadmill or bike .
coleen has signed up for a course of sessions using the machine , which has been dubbed a ` non-surgical tummy tuck ' , after it was recommended to her by her personal trainer , elise lindsay .
a spokesman for the exercise machine , which costs # 37 per session , said : ` alongside her usual aerobic workout , coleen rooney is using technoshape to enhance the fat-burning process around her tummy .
` coleen was introduced to technoshape by elise lindsay .
she is using the machine for her mummy tummy , which is exactly the kind .
of thing it was designed for .
blitz : the mother-of-two is currently using technoshape - a fat-blitzing stomach belt - to rid her post baby stomach .
` coleen opted to buy the machine for her .
private gym , rather than use publicly .
she refused to go to any fitness .
studio - most local studios do n't have the equipment yet and she was n't .
going to go to somewhere as far away as london .
` it 's mainly the rich and .
famous who buy the equipment because they do n't want to be seen using .
it .
` but it is a wonderful experience and if you have a long t-shirt on .
you can barely see the chamber belt .
' coleen tweeted about the machine