by .
john drayton .
all 64 world cup matches will be broadcast on flights around the world this summer for the first time in history .
the groundbreaking deal , which will see live sports channel sport 24 show all the action from brazil , means passengers no longer have to worry about missing their country 's games while flying .
a total of nine airlines are signed up with the service , including lufthansa , emirates , etihad and turkish airlines .
entertainment : lufthansa are one of nine airlines ready to show live world cup games on flights this summer .
pressure : passengers will be able to watch neymar and brazil try to win the world cup on home soil .
countdown to kick-off : england 's group games against italy , uruguay and costa rica will be available to view .
the majority of games will be shown live , including the tournament 's opening fixture between hosts brazil and croatia on june 12 .
match coverage will be produced by fifa 's tv broadcast production team before it 's tailored for in-flight viewing by img media .
richard wise , senior vice president of img media , said : ` we are committed to showing the biggest events live on sport 24 and we are obviously therefore delighted that we will be carrying fifa tv 's broadcast production of the 2014 fifa world cup on the channel .
` football fans who will need to travel by air during the tournament can now choose to do so safe in the knowledge that they need not miss any of the action in brazil this summer .
' main attraction : lionel messi and his argentina team-mates are sure to prove popular during flights .
star man : portuguese passengers will be hoping to watch cristiano ronaldo -lrb- centre -rrb- lead his country to glory .
patrick brannelly , vice president .
corporate communications of emirates , said : ` since we began our official .
partnership with fifa in 2006 , we 've shown `` as live '' matches on .
emirates and sent goal by goal updates to our award winning inflight .
entertainment system , ice .
` for 2014 , we are delighted to offer live coverage from brazil on sport 24 to customers on select boeing 777s .
' as well