a british man is in a serious condition in hospital after receiving a severe machete wound to the head after he was savagely attacked by a gang of robbers in cambodia .
michael hay was working as a cashier in a tourist bungalow on the exotic island of koh rong , 15 miles off the coast of sihanoukville , when the gang burst in at 11.30 pm on thursday , lashing out with machetes and clubs .
the 27-year-old was struck in the head by a long bush knife and also received a blow to the face with a club .
michael hay was working as a cashier in a tourist bungalow on the exotic island of koh rong , 15 miles off the coast of sihanoukville , when the gang burst in at 11.30 pm on thursday .
he suffered a fractured cheekbone and an 11cm gash to his head , the cambodia daily reports .
the owner of the long beach bungalow , jooni huhani nleml , 40 , from finland , also received a blow to the head .
both men were taken to calmette hospital in phnom penh to be treated .
` both victims were attacked with knifes to the head and face and were injured seriously , ' sihanoukville police chief phul phorsday said .
` there were two or three perpetrators and we found knives , batons and rocks at the scene which were used as weapons .
' cambodia south coast kompong song province sihanoukville koh rong island koh toch or koh tui beach .
provincial police chief seang kosal said mr hay was working as a cashier at the bungalows - part of a large workforce of foreign backpackers who have descended on sihanoukville region looking for odd jobs .
but what appeals as a dream working location comes at a price , for the area has become notorious for assaults , robbery and rip-off merchants .
interior minister sar khen has already sent a team of high-level police to sihanoukville to investigate a spate of recent violence - including stabbings , brawls , a drive-by shooting and even explosions - in which foreigners have been victims .
reports of the attack on mr hay and mr nleml come in the wake of an extraordinary story that has emerged in phnom penh in recent days and which has resulted in intense