by .
rebecca english , royal correspondent in riyadh .
published : .
07:04 est , 16 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:16 est , 16 march 2013 .
the duchess of cornwall met some of the first saudi female members of parliament today and told them : ` beneath all those pretty smiles there are a lot of very powerful women here .
' two months ago 30 women were appointed by the country 's ruler , king abdullah , to the majlis ash shura in what was considered a ` daringly ' progressive move .
one , hanan al ahmadi , told camilla as they stood amidst the gold encrusted finery of the parliament building in riyadh ; ` we have been waiting for this for a very long time .
all smiles : camilla , the duchess of cornwall , met saudi arabia 's first female parliamentarians on the sixth day of a tour of the middle east .
inspiring : camilla said she as ` impressed ' by the new female parliamentarians .
visit : princes charles is using the trip to discuss a number of issues including the military and commerce .
` it is an emotional and very proud moment for us and carries a great deal of responsibility .
' she added ; ` you coming here to meet us is an endorsement of what is happening here .
the duchess replied : ' i am so impressed .
you are all so clever and well-educated and are blazing such a trail .
' prince charles and his wife are currently on a nine-day tour of the middle east on behalf of the government .
while the prince is using his trip to discuss issues as diverse as the military and commerce , camilla is focusing on the role of women .
saudi women have few legal rights and must seek permission from a male guardian for everything from opening a bank account to marriage .
they are still segregated from men in public : most offices , banks and universities have separate entrances and they are required to sit separately on public transport and in restaurants .
when it comes to dress , women are also expected to cover all parts of the body that are ` awrah ' -- not meant to be exposed .
saudi .
arabia