by .
bianca london .
she 's the car dealer turned fashion designer who 's helped transform the plus-size retail market and gemma collins is getting recognised for her efforts .
romford 's finest fashionista has just won the ` editor 's choice ' award at the reveal magazine online fashion awards , where she was hailed a ` role model ' for the industry .
gemma , 32 , is most certainly making waves in the fashion industry after scooping her second award in less than a year for her plus-size fashion collection - the bubbly blonde was named plus-size designer of the year , too .
beach babe : gemma collins has two reasons to celebrate this week ; she 's just unveiled her fifth summer range and won a prestigious fashion award .
speaking about her win , gemma said : ` i 'm so happy ; it 's such an honour to be recognised for my collection .
' i designed the range to allow curvy girls to look gorgeous and show their individuality , plus-size does n't need to mean hiding under baggy or dark clothes !
' i tried to make the range so it had something in it for everyone ' .
summer 's coming : as the weather improves , gemma has taken it upon herself to model her stylish new range of kaftans and beach cover-ups .
mouthpiece : gemma , 32 , who was hailed a ` role model ' for the plus-size fashion industry has created a flattering range of summer dresses .
as she models some key pieces from her fifth collection , gemma shared .
her top tips for flattering your figure on holiday .
she said : .
` three-quarter length sleeves will flatter your figure more than long or .
short ones .
` they .
have the effect of making the body , as well as the arms , appear .
slimmer .
why ?
because they stop at the slimmest part of the arm .
` as .
for dresses , wear wrap dresses or those with ruched detail .
it will .
focus the attention to the centre of your body and create a more defined .
waist line , ' she said .
honoured : gemma says she designed the range to allow curvy girls to look gorgeous and show their