by .
emma innes .
published : .
08:14 est , 21 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:17 est , 21 may 2013 .
a giant meteor was probably responsible for wiping out the woolly mammoth , scientists believe .
it has long been thought that hunting was the cause of the creatures ' extinction , but researchers have now revised their opinion .
they believe a huge meteor smashing through the earth 's atmosphere broke up into ten million tonnes of fiery fragments , scattering over four continents .
these fragments are thought to have released toxic gas which poisoned the air and blacked out the sun , causing temperatures to plummet , plants to die and landscapes to alter forever .
the woolly mammoth was probably wiped out by rapid climate change caused by a meteor striking the earth , not by overhunting as previously believed .
research published in the proceedings of the national academy of sciences suggests that this caused the extinction , countering previous theories that the spread of human settlements and aggressive hunting was to blame .
after the impact , some animal species , like humans , adapted by either moving away , downsizing to adapt to the resources around them , or simply changed their way of life to cope .
but other species , including the woolly mammoth which roamed throughout europe , parts of asia and north america in vast numbers , did not adapt and were wiped out in a generation .
the research says the impact changed the course of the earth 's history forever .
according to anthropologist and geology professor kenneth tankersley , the change from booming population to total extinction happened ` within a lifetime ' .
the university of cincinnati professor said : ` imagine living in a time when you look outside and there are elephants walking around cincinnati .
` but by the time you are at the end of your years there are no more elephants .
it happens within your lifetime .
' working with scientists all over the world , the team found evidence of burnt out fragments of carbon - called spherules - in sites on four continents , and all dating back 12,800 years .
a meteor is thought to have stuck the earth 12,800 years ago releasing toxic gases into the air and