green party leader natalie bennett has been forced to distance herself from a bizarre online site run by her boyfriend .
jim jepps used a blog called the daily maybe to defend ` rape fantasies ' , describe paedophiles as ` complex human beings ' and question why teachers who have relationships with pupils are put on the sex offenders register .
the couple met five years ago when ms bennett contacted him to correct something he had written about her , but now the green party stresses they do not ` want to be associated ' with his internet rants .
scroll down for video .
green party leader natalie bennett has distanced herself from the bizarre blog posts of her boyfriend jim jepps , insisting he is a ` private individual not involved in party politics ' ms bennett 's profile has soared in recent months , buoyed by rising poll ratings and green party membership in england passing 60,000 for the first time .
however , little is known about her private life , in contrast to the spouses of david cameron , ed miliband and nick clegg who have been frequently seen on the campaign trail .
ms bennett has been dating mr jepps for five years , after meeting online .
he continued blogging on the daily maybe site until 2011 .
he quit the socialist workers party in around 2003 and later joined the greens .
bizarrely , he left the party in 2012 , the year ms bennett replaced the more high-profile caroline lucas as green leader .
on his website , mr jepps appears to have deliberately courted controversy with a series of controversial blog posts , often related to sex , rape or paedophiles .
in one post , seen by mailonline , he joked that gay sex is not a sin ` unless you do it really well or claim it on expenses ' .
in 2007 , he tackled a news story about demands for music books written by a paedophile to be withdrawn , because the recorder lessons were used to groom victims .
mr jepps wrote : ` we can burn these books as a public statement against the author -lrb- who is in jail for his crimes -rrb- or try to understand that whatever monstrous acts individuals commit they are still complex human beings for all