by .
chris pleasance .
a six-year-old girl and her three-year-old brother have been abandoned at a kindergarten centre in china after their parents said they can not afford to take them home .
lin and her brother yan were left at the playgroup in luoyang city , henan province by mother he tuan , 32 , and father he liu , 37 , with enough money for two weeks of teaching and board .
but two months later the couple have not been back to collect the children , and police say they are powerless to act after the parents disappeared recently .
lin , six -lrb- right -rrb- and her brother yan , three -lrb- left -rrb- , have been abandoned by their parents at a kindergarten centre in henan province , china , for the last two months .
workers at the centre say mother he tuan , 32 , and father he liu , 37 , dropped the children off with enough money for two weeks teaching and board , but have not been back since .
repeated calls to the parents have produced no results , with authorities saying the duo always come up with a reason why they can not take their children back .
a police spokesman added : ` they say they can not afford to take them back .
' in the meantime staff at the kindergarten group are taking it in turns to look after the children at their homes at the weekends , a leaving them at the centre during the week .
lee zhang , the owner and operator of the nursery , said : ` the two parents owe the kindergarten thousands .
i do n't anticipate they will pay it back , i just hope that they can take their kids home .
' police have spoken to the parents , but they say they are too poor to take the children back and officers say they are powerless to act .
nursery workers have been taking it in turns to let the children stay at their houses on the weekends when the centre is closed , but leaving them there during the week .
one day zhang bumped into the two parents in the street and asked them .
to take their children home .
the parents promised that they would go to .
pick