by .
daniel miller .
published : .
15:06 est , 22 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
18:18 est , 22 november 2012 .
a retired british royal air force wing commander died when he lost control of his replica first world war biplane and plummeted into a field .
brian north , mbe , 72 , who was living in colorado , usa , had assembled the two-thirds size se5a aircraft himself after having the parts shipped out from england .
he had completed the plane in october and had been flying it for about a month before the crash around a mile from front range airport near denver .
crash : former raf wing commander brian north was killed after his replica first world war se5a biplane slammed into a field in colorado , usa .
according to the denver post newspaper mr north .
called the control tower and got clearance to perform a ` touch-and-go ' landing .
he then made a series of right turns until he was approaching the .
runway but suddenly called the control tower again and in a garbled transmission requested a ` full-stop ' landing .
the plane then plummeted to the ground and burst into flames about a mile north of the runway .
mr north had been a wing commander of .
the royal air force and was a member of the most excellent order of the .
british empire .
dennis heap , executive director of the airport , said : ` it was an absolutely beautiful day , there was no problem with the weather , it had to be something between man and machine .
tragedy : mr north is pictured alongside the plane he built .
he had shipped the parts to colorado after originally constructing the aircraft in the uk .
mr north is seen in the cockpit of the two-thirds size se5a as he taxies it for another flight .
` he was flying in a pattern one moment and down on the ground -- crashed -- the next moment , ' heap said .
` mr north was well-known to us , an integral part of the airport community .
` it 's unfortunate , but often distinguished people live among us and we do n't know it until they die , '' he said .
mr heap