improvement : great yarmouth primary academy headmaster chris holledge says that the extended hours at the school are already having a positive impact .
one of the worst-performing primary schools in the country has introduced a 45-hour week for pupils in a bid to transform results .
pupils at great yarmouth primary academy stay at school from 7.45 am until 6pm - longer than the standard working week .
under the radical timetable , they enjoy a free programme of after-school activities ranging from horse-riding to cookery , followed by supervised time in which to complete their homework and read .
in its former incarnation as greenacre primary , the norfolk school was among the bottom 200 performers out of 15,000 primaries nationally and was condemned by inspectors as failing in 2010 .
the new programme was introduced last september as the school became a semi-independent academy sponsored by millionaire businessman theodore agnew .
at first parents were horrified by the idea , with 100 signing a petition to block the changes .
but headmaster bill holledge says the extended school day is already leading to ` real improvement ' in children 's results just a term after it was introduced .
school starts at 8.55 am , although pupils are able to attend a free breakfast club from 7.45 am .
the standard school day finishes at 3.30 pm but those aged seven to 11 are able to stay on for a free programme of extra-curricular activities in sport , drama or music .
classes include horse-riding , cookery , cello lessons , first aid , street dance and trips to cambridge university to study rocket engineering .
at 5pm , youngsters in the final two years of the school - nine to 11-year-olds in years five and six - spend a further hour completing homework or practising reading under supervision from teaching assistants .
the extended timetable was introduced with the aim of giving pupils the same opportunities as youngsters from more advantaged backgrounds and those in private schools .
it was also intended to help working parents by allowing them to collect their children at 6pm instead of 3.30 pm .
the experiment initially proved controversial with parents who were concerned it would rob children of family time and leave them exhausted .
fun : pupils at the great yarmouth academy primary take part in a range