by .
ronnie esplin , press association .
celtic have a ' 50-50 ' chance of signing ghana winger mubarak wakaso in time for the first leg of their champions league play-off against maribor in slovenia on wednesday night , according to assistant manager john collins .
the ruban kazan player will move to parkhead subject to a medical and the scottish champions are hoping the loan deal is completed before 11pm on tuesday night so that he can be registered for the match .
collins , who confirmed that james forrest and adam matthews will miss the match through injury , was speaking at glasgow airport before the scottish champions flew out to maribor and said : ` it is probably 50-50 .
the medical is being done overseas and hopefully he will join us over there -lrb- slovenia -rrb- , fingers crossed , but nothing definite .
on the move : rubin kazan winger wakaso is set to move to parkhead subject to a medical .
hopeful : celtic assistant manager john collins says wakaso has a 50-50 chance of signing in time to play .
` he has pace in the wider areas , can deliver on his left foot , that is what we are looking for , to add pace at the top of the pitch .
' celtic 's tie against maribor was finally confirmed on monday night after the court of arbitration for sport turned down legia warsaw 's last-ditch request to be re-admitted to the champions league .
the polish club had beaten the hoops 6-1 on aggregate in the third qualifier but were punlished by uefa for bringing on a player who should have been suspended in the second leg at murrayfield .
legia failed in their appeal to european football 's governing body before taking the case to cas and after days of speculations , collins is now focusing on the task in hand .
all smiles : celtic captain scott brown looks relaxed as he prepares to fly out with the squad to slovenia .
jetting off : the cameras are on celtic 's kris commons after checking in for the team flight .
last-minute check : celtic 's leigh griffiths -lrb- left -rrb- looks at his passport as liam henderson looks on .
departure : celtic striker anthony stokes walks towards the departure gates closely followed by collins