by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
15:14 est , 7 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
17:30 est , 7 february 2014 .
a mother left in a vegetative state by a meth-addled driver who smashed into her car when she was pregnant has been awarded a record $ 9.3 million in a settlement .
the family of cayla wilson , 23 , and her three-year-old daughter jaikyla sued the city of portland , oregon and clackamas county , claiming that the driver 's probation officer and a police officer who saw him before the crash should have taken actions that could have prevented the crash .
on wednesday , the state 's insurance carrier was ordered to pay $ 4.5 million , clackamas county 's will pay $ 3.3 million and clackamas county itself will be pay out $ 1 million .
devastating : cayla wilson , now 23 , suffered brain injuries when a driver under the influence of meth crashed into her in 2010 .
cayla , pictured a month after the crash , has won a $ 9million payout .
family : she was five months pregnant at the time of the crash and her daughter , pictured , was delivered five weeks later by c-section .
the little girl has cerebral palsy , which is linked to her premature birth .
attorneys involved in the settlement told the oregonian that it is the largest payout by any government entity in the state 's history .
the money will go towards the care of wilson , who was five months pregnant when jack whiteaker , high on meth , veered into an oncoming lane and smashed into her buick on april 15 , 2010 .
she suffered fractures to her skull and jaw and extensive brain damage that has left her bedridden , unable to talk or unable to care for herself .
her parents bill and denise now care for her around-the-clock at their home in gresham , rotating her in her bed every two hours , bathing and feeding her .
her daughter , jaikyla , was born by .
cesarian section five weeks after the crash and has cerebral palsy , .
which is linked to her premature birth .
denise .
wilson said she sat beside her daughter on wednesday evening after the .
settlement and told