by .
ray massey , transport editor .
do n't look now , but the traditional rear view mirror is about to be consigned to the scrap heap .
nissan is ready to replace the mirror with a screen showing footage from a camera mounted on the back of the car .
the carmaker claims that its redesigned rear view mirror will boost safety because the image seen by the driver will not be obscured by back-seat passengers , headrests , piled-up luggage or dirty rear windscreens .
futuristic : how the technology will work .
crucially it will be able to switch back into being a normal mirror .
it will also allow rear windows to be made smaller -- allowing cars to be more streamlined and aerodynamic -- which in turn will help cut fuel consumption .
the ` smart mirror ' with its lcd monitor is housed within the same structure as a conventional rear view mirror .
however it renders normal visibility obstructions -- such as the pillars either side of the window -- ` a non-issue ' , a nissan spokesman said , adding : ` rearward visibility from conventional rear view mirrors can be obstructed when there are tall passengers sitting in the rear seats , or when luggage has been stacked high in the rear compartment .
` however with the electronic mirror , rearward visibility is free from obstructions .
this helps the driver get a much better view of the traffic conditions .
' nissan 's andy palmer said : ` smart rear view mirrors will give our customers the best possible view -- no matter how tall the passengers in the back seat of the car are and no matter how bad the road conditions are .
backup accidents involving light vehicles cause an average of 210 deaths and 15,000 injuries a year , and victims often are children and the elderly , the u.s. government said .
` it also offers the possibility of new and exciting designs because it gives us an alternative to a very wide rear window while preserving good visibility .
' the camera works well in rain and snow and at dawn and dusk , and crucially can be switched off to allow the mirror to revert to a conventional reflection if drivers want to check their appearance .
because despite putting themselves at