the red wings ' drew miller says he 's eager to hit the ice again just a day after receiving a cut that could have cost him his eyesight .
' i feel very blessed the skate did n't hit my eye , ' miller said at practice on wednesday .
` very lucky ' skating with a full face mask during practice , the detroit forward openly bore a gruesome red wound that required 50 to 60 stitches to close along multiple layers of skin , the detroit free press reports .
gruesome : miller was left with a scar across his eye , but reportedly did n't suffer any damage to his eyesight after another player cut him across his face .
the incident occurred shortly after a faceoff during the first period of tuesday 's game between the red wings and the senators .
while battling for the puck , ottawa 's mark stone lost his balance and lifted his right skate backwards in an arc , catching miller just under his visor .
stone 's skate cut miller along his right cheek and again just below his eyebrow .
miller exited the ice under his own power before medical staff rushed him to receive treatment , including stitches .
though he has a gash that runs across both sides of his eyelid and bruising below his right eye , miller said his vision was largely unaffected .
` right now , it 's just dealing with the cut and the stitches and the soreness , ' miller explained .
` other than that , my eye is good , and when i got on the ice today , i felt pretty good .
' freak accident : while falling to the ice , ottawa 's mark stone lifted his skate and struck miller under the visor with the blade .
stitched up : twitter user red wing memes published a photo of the red wings forward with the freshly stitched wound .
second opinion : a second angle showed stone losing his balance while fighting for the puck with the red wings ' luke glendening .
bruiser : miller said he wanted to come back for the third period after being stitched up , though the team said he will likely return thursday against boston .
my fox detroit reports miller had wanted to return during