by .
mike dawes .
australia captain michael clarke regrets warning england seamer james anderson to ` get ready to have your ` f *** ing arm broken ' during the first ashes test last winter .
clarke was fined 20 per cent of his match fee by the icc for the remark in brisbane , which was was picked up by the on-ground stump microphone and inadvertently relayed to the watching world .
the australian acknowledged the confrontation , which was allegedly sparked when anderson threatened to punch the hosts ' test debutant george bailey in the face , may not have shown him in a good light but did not regret standing up for his team-mate .
get ready to have your f *** ing arm broken : michael clarke gestures at james anderson -lrb- right -rrb- in brisbane .
` maybe i had n't said exactly what i said to james anderson -lrb- previously -rrb- , but i 'd stuck up for my players on a number of occasions and it 's never been picked up on the stump mic , ' clarke told www.cricket.com.au .
squaring up : anderson and clarke have words during the winter 's first ashes test .
' i regret the language i used and i regret that i said it over the stump mic .
` the last thing i want is for boys and girls watching cricket to be going and playing club cricket and saying things like that to opposition players .
' i think it 's unacceptable that the australian cricket captain is setting that example .
` but i do n't regret standing up for george bailey one bit .
i do n't regret being extremely honest with james anderson and telling him what mitchell johnson 's plan was .
' i do n't regret that - i just regret that everybody heard it and the language i used .
' clarke dismissed talk that the spat .
was driven by a long-standing grudge between the pair , who first played .
against each other 12 years ago .
` the media like to do up that we have history , ' the 33-year-old said .
` the only history i have is that england kept beating us .
` and he -lrb- anderson -rrb- was a part of england and i was part of australia .