diane kruger and kristen stewart come 2nd and 3rd .
suri cruise came 9th and duchess of cambridge was in top ten .
by .
bianca london .
published : .
11:56 est , 13 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
02:57 est , 14 november 2012 .
just like tatler 's little black book list or the forbes rich list , instyle 's annual best dressed chart is a hotly contested list , with editors and fashion writers agonising over who should land the top spot .
. and this year , the title of instyle 's best dressed woman was awarded to hollywood actress emma stone .
the 24-year-old pipped kristen stewart , cheryl cole and even the duchess of cambridge to the top spot .
actress emma stone has topped instyle 's best dressed list for 2012 .
stone 's hollywood glamour and classic red carpet gowns impressed the fashion critics .
the list , compiled by the instyle 's fashion team , features 50 of the most stylish women on the planet and saw spider man 's leading lady receive great fashion plaudits for her dazzling red carpet looks .
in close second position came diane kruger , while sultry vampire kristen stewart took third place .
lady of the moment kristen stewart came third in the list with a-lister diane kruger coming second .
flying the flag for the british were style icons alexa chung , victoria beckham , the duchess of cambridge , kate moss and florence welch , all securing five of the top ten places .
youngest to make the list was tom cruise and katie holmes ' six-year-old daughter suri cruise , who came in at number nine .
no stranger to best dressed lists , the budding fashionista is a regular poll topper in both child and adult categories .
young style icon suri cruise polled in at ninth place thanks to her mother katie 's fashionable outfit choices .
chart topper of the past cheryl cole only made it to 42nd place this year but style icon kate made the top ten .
cited as mixing gap and zara with marni and roger viviers , the six year old is praised for knowing her fashion .
also making the instyle list was pixie geldolf who came 23rd .
one-time chart topper cheryl cole made it to 42nd