by .
sam webb .
bigamist simon lack , 44 , married his third wife , above , when he was still married to someone else .
a wedding photographer is facing a prison sentence after admitting being a bigamist .
simon lack , 44 , of northampton , married wife tanya in a ceremony in canada 12 years ago before moving to the uk .
his unsuspecting wife later returned to their home country and lack promised to follow once he had sold their possessions .
but instead he chose to remain in northampton , and his wife was unable to afford to get back to the uk .
but while he pretended to his wife he was preparing to join her in canada , lack began seeing other women after joining internet dating websites .
he fell for another woman in 2006 and they married in 2008 while he was still wed to tanya .
on monday lack admitted one count of bigamy when he appeared at northampton magistrates ' court .
prosecutor caroline emmet said : ` the defendant went on dating websites and was seeing other people during his marriage .
there is evidence of this on facebook .
' in 2006 he met another woman via a dating website and embarked on an affair , failing to tell her he was already married to tanya .
lack , who also had an ex-wife called catherine , used his divorce papers to dupe his third wife into believing his marriage to tanya was over .
in 2008 the pair wed in another ceremony with his new bride none the wiser .
lack was finally arrested after his wife , whom he left last october for another woman in devon , became suspicious and called police .
after being arrested , lack claimed he did not think his second marriage was ` real ' and did not realise documents were required to marry and divorce .
angela hudson , defending , said it was a ` very unusual case ' as her client believed his second wife had ` sorted ' their divorce .
cutting the cake : lack 's new wife married him in some style in 2008 , not knowing he was still married to tanya .
serial groom : lack , from northampton , admitted one count of bigamy and will be sentenced next