by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
published : .
10:18 est , 16 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:24 est , 16 may 2013 .
britain could take back powers from the european union covering immigration , tourism , benefits and trade , it emerged today .
ministers revealed the latest shopping list of policy areas which could be returned from brussels as part of david cameron 's plan to negotiate a new eu deal before holding an in-out vote .
it includes suggesting that tighter immigration controls are need to maintain public confidence in the welfare state and questioning whether eu trade policy deters investment in the uk .
david cameron has insisted he wants britain to remain in the eu , but only if his review and renegotiation secures a better deal with brussels .
the prime minister set up the balance of competences review to examine which eu rules britain should consider withdrawing from .
after taking evidence from a wide range of pro- and anti-european bodies and experts , the government hopes to use it as proof that many edicts from brussels are not working .
however has been largely dismissed by other eu countries , raising doubts about what concessions -- if any -- mr cameron will be able to secure .
mr cameron wants the review to ` give everyone the opportunity to make their points about which areas of european endeavour are in our interest and which are not ' .
the latest stage plank of his europe strategy comes after a tumultuous week for the prime minister , who last night saw 114 tory mps condemn him for not including an eu referendum in the queen 's speech .
today tory mp james wharton won the backbench draw to take legislation through parliament , and vowed to try to enshrine an in-out vote into law .
it came as the home office , hm treasury , ministry of justice , department for business and department for culture , media and sport issued a call for evidence on areas of policy and its impact on the uk .
they cover the free movement of goods and people , asylum and immigration , family law .
one of the most contentious areas has been access to benefits for newcomers to britain .
a raft of eu rules are