while nick kyrgios was smashing his way into the quarter-finals of the australian open against italy 's andreas seppi on sunday , his mother was pacing the corridors of the hisense arena , too nervous to watch .
despite having arrived eight hours early to reserve front row seats for nick 's 25 schoolmates at the non-ticketed event , just 45 minutes into the game norlaila kyrgios walked out , unable to witness the outcome of the match .
over three hours later she was crying with joy in a corner of the arena , after roars from the crowd signified her son 's triumph on the court .
scroll down for video .
while nick kyrgios was smashing his way into the quarter-finals of the australian open against italy 's andreas seppi on sunday , his mother was pacing the corridors of the hisense arena , too nervous to watch .
speaking to the canberra times , norlaila said she fears she is ` jinxing ' her 19-year-old son when she watches his matches , preferring to pace the corridors striking up conversation with passer-bys to take her mind off the game .
` if there 's a possibility of him winning , i ca n't stand it .
i 'm so nervous .
if he 's the underdog i 'm ok .
i 'm basically praying to anyone and everything to send him good vibes .
if i 'm watching i think maybe i 'm jinxing him , ' norlaila told the publication .
kyrgios ' dad george , brother christos and sister halimah also showed their support for australia 's golden boy on sunday night , sitting in the players ' box with his coach todd larkham .
the young tennis star served his way out of trouble to notch a magical 5-7 4-6 6-3 7-6 -lrb- 5 -rrb- 8-6 win to overcome the italian .
family photo : from left to right , nick 's father george , his mother norlaila , nick , his brother christos and his older sister hali .
the young tennis star served his way out of trouble to notch a magical 5-7 4-6 6-3 7-6 -lrb- 5 -rrb- 8-6 win to overcome the italian .
kyrgios has recently drawn some criticism for his swearing and feisty exchanges with the crowd at the melbourne open .
the scrappy 19-year-old is facing