a northern californian couple is praying for the safety of their family who are believed to have been captured by islamic state militants in northern syria .
sharlet david and her husband , romel , of modesto , california , fear that as many as 12 family members were taken from their homes on monday morning .
` they came at four in the morning .
they attacked them and they took them away .
they were asleep , ' said sharlet .
scroll down for video .
sharlet -lrb- left -rrb- and romel david -lrb- right -rrb- at home in modesto , california .
the couple fear that sharlet 's brother and his son 's family have been kidnapped by isis militants in northern syria .
over 100 assyrian christian civilians were rounded up by isis as its fighters battled kurdish and christian militia for control of villages in the northern province of hassakeh .
sharlet fears that her brother , his son , his son 's wife , and their two small children were among those ripped from their beds that morning .
` what we heard is that it was a sea of black uniforms marching through all the villages , burning down the churches , desecrating the crosses and wreaking havoc , ' romel told kcra .
sharlet 's 59-year-old brother had been a car salesman in modesto , but had returned to war-torn syria two years ago in the hopes of returning to america with his son and his family .
they fear that those kidnapped by isis might suffer the same fate as the 21 egyptian christians beheaded on a beach in libya earlier this month .
the family identify as assyrian christians and fear the worst for their family members after the recent deaths of 21 egyptian christians in libya .
it is also possible that they could be used in a prisoner swap for captured isis militants .
some villagers were able to escape and one small group managed to contact a relative of sharlet 's , also in modesto , and told her about the raid .
they said that her brother and his son were taken into the mountains , while his daughter-in-law and grandchildren remained in the village under armed guard .
the davids did not want family members to be identified directly for fear of retribution .
`