by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
18:19 est , 11 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
18:31 est , 11 september 2012 .
harvard university basketball co-captain kyle casey plans to withdraw from school and is likely to miss an entire season amid a cheating scandal that also may involve other athletes , according to several reports .
sports illustrated and the harvard crimson reported tuesday that casey , a senior credited with helping his team advance to the ncaa tournament for the first time in 65 years , would take a leave of absence from school in an attempt to preserve a year of eligibility once the issue is resolved .
co-captain brandyn curry also has been implicated in the scandal and is weighing his options , his father told the magazine .
the boston herald reported curry also is expected to withdraw from classes .
standout : harvard co-captain kyle casey plans to withdraw from school for two semesters after becoming implicated in a recent cheating scandal .
a source indicated that another unnamed basketball player with a smaller role on the team could be involved as well , the boston herald .
the school is looking into whether at least 125 undergraduates in government 1310 : introduction to congress , a spring 2012 class with an enrollment of 279 cheated by collaborating on answers for a take-home final exam .
up in the air : crimson co-captain brandyn curry is weighing his options after having been implicated in the scandal .
the students implicated in the scandals are facing charges of academic dishonesty that could carry a one-year suspension from school .
school officials have declined to release the students ' names .
` these allegations , if proven , represent totally unacceptable behavior that betrays the trust upon which intellectual inquiry at harvard depends , ' president drew faust said when the cheating scandal was uncovered in august .
each student whose work is in question has been called to appear before a subcommittee of the harvard college administrative board , which reviews issues of academic integrity .
possible punishments range from an admonition , a sort of warning for a first offense , to being forced to withdraw from harvard for a year .
according to sports illustrated sources , casey had the option of enrolling for the fall 2012