by .
hannah roberts .
a british port is in the running to dismantle the costa concordia , a mega-contract expected to be worth hundreds of millions of pounds .
able seaton port on teeside , near hartlepool , has been asked to submit a proposal for the vast demolition project , which is expected to take 200 people two years to complete .
it estimated value of the contract is more than euro 300million .
the wreck of the stricken cruise liner is still stranded off the island of giglio where it struck rocks and sank , killing 32 people .
almost two years on from the tragedy , the stricken hull is almost set to be towed away from the mediterranean holiday island .
captain francesco schettino was allegedly performing an ill judged ` salute ' to the islander when the giant ship ran aground .
almost two years on from the tragedy , the stricken hull is almost set to be towed away from the mediterranean holiday island , the salvage team said .
its destination is still undecided .
a final judgement will be taken in march but some eight ports are in contention including able port on the river tees , among others in italy , norway , turkey , china and france .
able uk confirmed that it was in the tender process and said that its yard had previously recycled both a french aircraft carrier and us government vessels .
` the facility , including one of the world 's largest dry docks , has full planning permissions and environmental accreditations to undertake this type of activity .
the previous contracts were completed in october 2010 and employed over 100 personnel , ' it said .
altogether 12 companies have been invited to bid for the job of breaking up , scrapping and recycling the vessel .
altogether 12 companies have been invited to bid for the job of breaking up , scrapping and recycling the vessel .
italy 's environment minister andrea orlando told reporters that although it was the government 's preferred choice that the contract go to an italian bidder , it was not in a position to make any demands .
` naturally the port of destination is not unimportant to us , for many reasons , ' he said , adding that given the environmental challenges it was