a young girl has been left with a badly burnt face which could see her scarred for the rest of her life after an accident at her local market at the weekend .
belinda campos , from lilyfield in sydney 's inner-west , goes to the orange grove markets every saturday morning with her husband and daughter gracie , who is almost three .
but on saturday while ms campos was visiting a different stall to usual gracie decided to take a peek in a pie warmer that was sitting at the front of the stall on a trestle table .
` my daughter was literally standing right next to me and i turned around and she had started screaming , ' ms campos told daily mail australia .
on saturday belinda campos had to rush her daughter gracie -lrb- pictured -rrb- to emergency after she suffered burns to her chin .
` she basically looked at the pie , went in for a closer look and burnt her chin , ' she continued .
' i asked the guy at the stall if this is hot and he sort of looked past me and went to serve the next customer .
' ms campos grabbed her daughter and headed home as soon as the accident happened , before calling a close friend who works as a nurse for advice .
after rushing to the emergency department at balmain hospital , she spent the next few hours there with her young daughter with cold presses on her chin as doctors tried to examine the damage .
` it blistered up really quickly and it has been weeping , ' ms campos revealed .
sharing her story as a caution for other parents out there , the lilyfield mother is now looking for answers .
ms campos said gracie has not been herself since the accident and also missed out on her first ever swimming lesson which was supposed to take place later on saturday .
gracie , 3 , burnt her face on a pie-warmer at the orange grove markets in lilyfield in sydney 's inner-west .
she spent hours in emergency and could be scarred for the rest of her life .
` you know she 's not herself , she 's quite an active child but she 's just been laying on the couch , ' ms campos