it 's the longest-running feud in the premier league ... but where did it start ?
arsenal manager arsene wenger has apologised for his touchline clash with chelsea boss jose mourinho during the 2-0 loss at stamford bridge .
wenger and mourinho were involved in a touchline spat during the london derby which saw the frenchman shove the portuguese , as well as the pair exchange choice words .
the 64-year-old frenchman initially defended his actions in the aftermath of the game and claimed he had ` nothing to apologise for ' , but he has taken to french tv to reveal he ` regrets ' the incident .
video scroll down to watch mourinho say he did not provoke wenger during touchline spat .
arsene wenger shoves jose mourinho in the chest at stamford bridge during chelsea 's 2-0 win over arsenal .
wenger , 64 , pushed mourinho in the chest with the portuguese manager of chelsea stumbling backwards .
wenger , speaking to telefoot on sunday , said : ` they gave too much importance to this story .
in hindsight i think i should not have reacted at all , it 's not a way to behave on a football field .
' i always regret any signs of violence and i apologise , but that 's part of games where everything is manic - and then we have quite a substantial past .
` did mourinho provoke me ?
that is how i felt .
i did not enter chelsea 's technical area .
' interestingly , mourinho also spoke to the same french tv station about the already infamous incident .
wenger has apologised on french tv for the clash despite initially insisting he had ` nothing to regret ' wenger and mourinho had to be separated by fourth official jonathan moss as their rivalry showed itself .
but the chelsea boss refused to added further fuel to the fire by giving his opinion on the clash .
` wenger will explain what he wants to explain , ' mourinho said .
' i will not say more .
i have no words to explain what everybody else saw in those images .
' the apology from arsenal boss wenger comes despite his insistence he had done nothing wrong on the touchline at stamford bridge .
speaking immediately after the game , wenger said