by .
daniel miller .
published : .
06:17 est , 8 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
09:09 est , 8 october 2012 .
a rugby league star played through the pain barrier after being kneed in the groin and suffering a ruptured testicle in a cup final match before calmly heading off to hospital to have it surgically removed .
warrington wolves prop forward paul wood lost more than the match when his team went down 26-18 to leeds in the super league grand final .
mr wood , who celebrates his 31st birthday on wednesday , was hurt early in the second half of the match at old trafford , but finished the game and even appeared in a post match interview where he made no mention of his injury .
pain barrier : rugby league star paul wood carried on playing and even appeared in a post match interview after suffering a ruptured testicle early in the second half of a cup final match .
joker : the dedictaed prop forward made light of the unfortunate incident on twitter after his surgery .
he is .
now out of hospital after undergoing surgery overnight and even managed to joke .
about the incident on sunday morning .
one of his tweets read : ` ruptured my right testicle , got a knee 1 minute into the second half , had to have it removed .
' in the afternoon he added : ` just coming out the hospital to go home ... seriously feel like i 've left something ?
' referring to the team talk given by the warrington wolves head .
coach he said : ` tony smith did say in his pre match team .
talk last night `` your balls are on the line here guys !
'' i did n't think .
he meant literally ' .
ouch : paul wood -lrb- left -rrb- underwent surgery on sunday night but was back at home on monday morning and even joked about his injury on twitter .
the father-of-two has not yet announced whether he intends to carry on playing .
other rugby players who have lost testicles have chosen to retire over fears they may lose the other .
scottish rugby union international anthony ` budge ' poutney decided to throw in the towel at the age of 29