the devastated daughter of an ebola victim can not bear to watch as the body of her mother is pulled from her home in monrovia , after the woman succumbed to the deadly virus .
a red cross burial team wearing protective suits and masks carries the body of 40-year-old mary nyanforh from the family 's house while the young girl holds her face in her hands .
the heartbreaking scenes in the liberian capital show the tragic reality of living in a city ravaged by ebola and the terrible impact on victims ' loved ones .
scroll down for video .
the devastated daughter of an ebola victim can not bear to watch as the body of her mother is pulled from her home in monrovia , after the woman succumbed to the deadly virus .
the heartbreaking scenes in the liberian capital show the tragic reality of living in a city ravaged by ebola and the terrible impact on the victims ' loved ones .
the worst-ever ebola epidemic has already claimed more than 4,400 lives , with the vast majority of the victims living in the west african nations of liberia , sierra leone and guinea .
more than half the dead have been in liberia , where the healthcare system is still reeling from a devastating 1989-2003 civil war .
healthcare unions in liberia called off a strike today over pay and working conditions for medical staff tackling the epidemic .
the strike , which began on monday , garnered poor support and most hospitals and clinics in the west african country had been operating normally .
a red cross burial team wearing protective suits and masks carries the body of 40-year-old mary nyanforh from the family 's house while the young girl holds her face in her hands .
the husband of the ebola victim watches his wife being carried away from their home in the liberian capital .
the worst-ever ebola epidemic has already claimed more than 4,400 lives , with the vast majority of the victims living in the west african nations of liberia , sierra leone and guinea .
` we have called for the strike action to be called off on humanitarian grounds , ' said george williams , secretary-general of the national health workers association of liberia .
` our doors are open for negotiations at a later date ...