phillip schofield was left speechless today after a guest with tourette 's syndrome blurted out ` silver fox ' at him mid-interview .
ellie grant , 22 , was appearing on itv 's this morning to discuss how she suddenly developed the condition - and how she had found love with fiance jordan - who is deaf .
the pair hit the headlines earlier this year after being labelled the perfect match because whenever she becomes rowdy , he simply switches off his hearing aid .
they appeared on today 's show to discuss how they met - and how they live with both of their conditions .
but in the middle of the pre-recorded interview , miss grant suddenly suffered a verbal tic - and blurted out ` silver fox ' at phillip , 53 .
silver fox is the nickname of the father-of-two , who smiled , but looked bemused and slightly embarrassed at the remark .
co-presenter amanda holden quickly chipped in kindly , saying : ` it 's a good one to have ' , regarding his nickname .
viewers reacted with amusement at the moment , which one person hailed ` the greatest tourette 's tv moment of all time ' .
during the interview , the couple discussed how after developing tourette 's syndrome aged 21 , miss grant worried that she 'd never find a boyfriend who would put up with her inappropriate outbursts .
but months later , she found the perfect match in her deaf partner jordan , who simply switches off his hearing aid whenever she has a series of loud tics .
she told phillip and amanda : ` the night before i 'd been out drinking , so i went to the shop to get a sandwich .
' i looked at a sandwich and i started shouting `` marshmallow '' and i thought `` this is a dodgy hangover '' .
' i picked up a bag of crisps and i started shouting `` marshmallow '' and `` japan '' .
i thought `` what the hell 's going on ?
'' by the next day , miss grant , who had lived a totally normal life until this point , was involuntarily yelling swear words and racial insults and began lashing out with kicks and punches .
ellie grant , 22 , was appearing on the