a british housewife and her husband have been accused of spying for iran in a leaked us government report .
anne singleton , 53 , is alleged to have been blackmailed into training with the iranian secret service during a visit to tehran in 2002 .
the pentagon-commissioned report claims that mrs singleton and her iranian husband , massoud khodabandeh , 56 , agreed to work for the regime in return for saving the life of his jailed brother .
the entrance to camp ashraf , the iraq-based iranian opposition group people 's mujahedeen -lrb- mek -rrb- where anne singleton says she once trained to fire weapons .
iranian agents are also said to have threatened to confiscate his mother 's extensive property in the iranian capital .
mrs singleton strenuously denies the allegations .
the report , written by the federal research division of the library of congress and privately circulated in washington , says the couple agreed to spy on opponents of the iranian regime , including the people 's mujahideen of iran -lrb- mek -rrb- , of which mrs singleton and her husband were once members .
the report alleges that : ` in 2002 singleton met in tehran with ministry of intelligence and national security of the islamic republic of iran -lsb- mois -rsb- agents who were interested in her background .
she agreed to co-operate with them to save her brother-in-law 's life .
' it adds : ` during her stay in tehran , she received training from mois .
after her return to england , she launched the iran-interlink .
org website in the winter of 2002 .
` afterwards , she made many trips to iran and singapore -- the country where the agency contacts its foreign agents .
' iran sponsors terrorism all over the world and last year was behind a bus bombing in bulgaria .
as tension between the west and iran increases over tehran 's nuclear programme , british security agencies are keeping a watch on mois activities .
last year iran was forced to downgrade its diplomatic presence in the uk after the british embassy in tehran was attacked .
since then it has struggled to secure intelligence on dissident groups .
security sources said last night that the iranian regime relies on agents in the west to spy on dissidents and conduct propaganda operations to discredit