by .
helen collis .
published : .
07:19 est , 12 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:44 est , 12 september 2013 .
felix jeronimo becerra-gonzalez confessed to robbing two mcdonald 's including his own place of work , when questioned in custody .
a mcdonald 's manager has allegedly confessed to robbing his own restaurant after being arrested in connection with two holdups of the fast-food chain .
felix jeronimo gonzalez-becerra , from oakland , california , was pulled over by police after the san mateo branch of the fast-food company was robbed at gunpoint .
staff were forced into the freezers while the masked , gun-wielding robber stole cash from the restaurant , at around 10.30 pm september 2 .
according to local news service pleaston patch , the suspect then fled the scene in a dark coloured chrysler pt cruiser .
a police officer pulled over a vehicle matching that description after he spotted it approaching the san mateo bridge .
driver gonzalez-becerra , 42 , was arrested and officers recovered money , a replica handgun , a backpack and a black hoodie , the news service said .
the robbery bore similarities to a masked , armed raid on pleasaton mcdonald 's , california , five days earlier .
this is the branch where gonzalez-becerra is the manager .
the robber also forced the employees into the freezer , according to the la times .
according to the news services , police said gonzalez-becerra , who was booked into san mateo jail , confessed to robbing both restaurants , including his own , while in police custody .
alameda county district attorney 's office is expected to issue criminal charges against gonzalez-becerra .
it is not known if he still holds his mcdonald 's job .
staff were forced into the freezers while the masked , gun-wielding robber stole cash from the restaurant , at around 10.30 pm september 2 .
mcdonald 's restaurants at both pleasanton and san mateo , california , were robbed in the same way by a masked , armed man within five days of each other .