by .
amanda williams .
published : .
12:35 est , 24 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:52 est , 24 june 2013 .
a spate of unusual weather which has seen snow , sun and thunderstorms hit within days of each other has been put down to the jet stream ` wobbling like a drunk driver ' .
the jet stream , a river of air high above earth .
that generally dictates the weather , usually rushes rapidly from west to .
east in a mostly straight direction .
but lately it seems to have been knocked off course , wreaking havoc across america as it goes .
a spate of unusual weather has been put down to the jet stream ` wobbling like a drunk driver ' .
the odd meanderings kicked off in may with upside-down weather , including early california wildfires fueled by heat .
meanwhile rhododendrons at the garden center of cub foods in stillwater , minnesota are covered in snow after an early may snowfall .
and in guthrie , oklahoma a bolt of lightning from storm clouds moves over fields and farmland .
the jet stream , the river of air high above earth that generally dictates the weather , usually rushes rapidly from west to east in a mostly straight direction .
the jet stream 's odd meanderings kicked off in may with upside-down weather , including early california wildfires fueled by heat .
meanwhile , in stillwater , minnesota , neighbourhoods were covered in almost a foot of snow after an early may snowfall .
people swim and sunbathe at goose lake in anchorage , alaska .
alaska 's largest city and other parts of the state are experiencing a long stretch of higher than normal temperatures thanks to the jet stream ` wreaking havoc ' across the u.s. seattle was the hottest spot in the nation one day , and maine and edmonton , canada were warmer than miami and phoenix .
jet streams are belts of fast flowing , narrow air currents found in the .
atmosphere , formed near air masses with significantly different .
temperatures .
they are responsible for moving weather around the latitudes .
the northern hemisphere polar jet flows over the middle to northern latitudes of north america , europe , and asia .
the southern hemisphere polar jet mostly