by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
05:27 est , 7 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
11:09 est , 8 september 2012 .
with its space-age design and ultra-modern , grey exterior , it is hardly a home in keeping with its traditional residential surroundings .
but despite neighbours ' objections , this unconventional property in highgate , north london is nearing completion - and it could be a sign of things to come for homeowners .
the super-sleek ` alien spaceship ' house belonging to architect mike russum caused fury from residents this week , just days after the government 's relaxation of planning laws caused similar levels of indignation among mps .
ultra-modern : mike russum 's property in highgate , north london , has been likened to a ufo due to its space-age appearance .
unfinished : the sleek home remains surrounded by steel fencing and tarpaulin six years after construction started .
ministers warned that plans to allow .
homeowners to build extensions and conservatories of up to almost 30ft .
without permission will be a recipe for neighbour disputes .
although .
the property was built from scratch starting six years ago , mr russum 's .
construction is an example of the kind of outlandish designs which .
could spring up without objection now david cameron has relaxed planning .
laws so homeowners can develop without permission .
mps and planning experts have warned of a divisive planning ` free-for-all ' now ` permitted development rights ' are set to be relaxed for three years .
the proposals from communities secretary eric pickles will double the size of extensions that can be built without permission .
a consultation will be published soon .
andrew smith , a former labour cabinet minister , said : ` i 'm very concerned that we will see an explosion of unsightly and un-neighbourly development .
` by scrapping planning controls the government will leave many people powerless to maintain a decent quality environment .
prestigious : mr russum 's design won an architectural award last year , earning praise for ` maximising the potential of a narrow infill site ' leafy : four-bedroom houses on wood lane regularly fetch asking prices of # 3.5 m .
` you will have people putting up huge extensions and to hell with the neighbours .
'