by .
suzannah hills .
published : .
21:13 est , 13 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:04 est , 14 march 2013 .
a bagpiper nearly died after becoming infected with a fungal pneumonia that colonised inside his beloved instrument .
john shone spent four weeks in hospital fighting the infection after he breathed in germs from his bagpipe that he had n't cleaned in 18 months .
medics provided antibiotics but were unable to diagnose the 77-year-old 's health problems .
it was n't until they pressed mr shone on his hobbies that they were able to identify germs in the musical instrument as the cause .
deadly : john shone , 78 , of wiltshire , england , contracted a life-threatening fungal infection after the germs grew inside his beloved bagpipe .
the college of piping - based in glasgow - has now warned pipers to be aware of the dangers of not cleaning their bagpipes properly .
mr shone - a former committee member of the piobaireachd society in the highlands - was preparing to play at a special event in september when he fell ill during a fishing trip .
he was forced to return to his home south of the border in wiltshire where his gp prescribed antibiotics .
the retired food company manager was then admitted to salisbury hospital but sent home two days later - only to be re-admitted after a week when his condition worsened .
he said : ' i was extremely tired and slowly fading away and my consultant told me it was life-threatening .
' i became very much weaker and it was obvious to my consultant and my son that they were dealing with a life-or-death situation .
' mr shone 's son was asked to bring his father 's bagpipes into the hospital for tests where pathologists discovered a heavy growth of fungal cultures .
they included the rhodotorula and fusarium species , which can cause infections that kill half of the people stricken by them .
traditional bagpipes are made of hide and need regular ` seasoning ' to seal pores in the skin that acts as a natural cleanser .
bags made from man-made materials are supposed to have reduced the need for such frequent upkeep - synthetic bags usually come with a zipper on the side to allow access for