a 4,000-year-old egyptian statue which was sold by a council for nearly # 16million to an overseas buyer has been banned from leaving britain .
the statue of sekhemka , a limestone figure which is just 30in high , was controversially sold by northampton borough council for # 15.76 m last year to a mystery buyer abroad .
but the council was accused of committing ` a great act of folly ' by the save sekhemka statue action group , who feared the ancient relic could disappear into private ownership overseas .
sold : the statue of sekhemka -lrb- pictured at christie 's , london last year -rrb- , a limestone figure which is just 30in high , was controversially sold by northampton borough council for # 15.76 million to a mystery buyer abroad .
now the culture minister ed vaizey has ordered a four-month export ban on the relic leaving the british isles after arts council england ruled the sale breached standards for how museums manage their collections .
that ban could even be extended to march 2016 if a ` serious intention to raise funds to purchase the statue is made ' , arts council england said .
the statue , which dates from 2,400 bc , is a tomb model of a kilt-wearing high official surrounded by his wife , son and seven offering bearings .
mr vaizey praised the figure as a work of ` outstanding aesthetic importance ' , and ` the finest example of its kind anywhere in the world .
' treasure : the statue , which dates from 2,400 bc , is a tomb model of a kilt-wearing high official surrounded by his wife , son and seven offering bearings .
above , the artifact picture in christie 's last year .
but in july last year the council sold off the piece , which they have owned for more than 100 years , insisting it was n't the centrepiece of their collection .
the egyptian government called on the statue to be returned to egypt if northampton did not want it , and said the sale ran counter to the values and role of museums worldwide .
a northampton council spokesman said the export ban had ` no impact ' on the council 's sale of the statue -- and insisted it was a matter for the government and arts council