by .
rachel quigley .
published : .
16:46 est , 8 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:17 est , 8 november 2013 .
a 39-year-old man pimped a teenage runaway out on craigslist for more than two years in exchange for meth and cash until she escaped by jumping out of a speeding car , police said today .
robert felix gonzales , from denver , was charged on thursday with multiple violent and sex crimes , including trafficking in children and sexual assault .
investigators say he met the girl when she was 14 and living with a foster family .
the grandmother told arvada police that the teen ran away but lived with gonzales during 2011 and ` had been approved by social services ' .
gonzalez is accused of having sex with her and later pimping her on craigslist to at least 30 strangers in various hotels throughout the district .
pimp or boyfriend ?
robert felix gonzales has been accused of prostituting a teenage runaway for nearly two years until she escaped by jumping out of his speeding car .
according to the denver post , investigators repeatedly tried to rescue the girl but they say she would always return to gonzalez - who would keep her hidden behind a false wall in his basement .
the teen eventually jumped out of the car to escape gonzales in july , but initially would n't cooperate with authorities .
in september of this year she confided in them .
she said she met the 39-year-old through her foster family and fell in love with him .
she believed he had the same feelings but shortly after they ran away together things changed .
he would make her stay in motels , give her drugs and alcohol , have sex with her and often have men join in their sexual encounter , according to the affidavit .
he started to advertise her on craigslist and often used naked pictures of her , she said , adding that gonzales assaulted her if she tried to refuse and that he .
participated in approximately one-quarter of the sex acts .
the denver post reports that gozalez would beat her so hard he broke his hand after hitting her face with such force .
hideout : police were called to gonzalez 's home several times but could