by .
sean poulter and amie keeley .
published : .
16:37 est , 25 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:48 est , 28 october 2013 .
most of the world may be struggling through another year of hard times , but , it seems , no one has told harrods .
the department store is making sure the country 's billionaires -- the city bankers , hedge fund bosses , russian magnates and arab potentates -- can look forward to a truly luxurious christmas with this hamper , which at # 20,000 costs as much as many young couples can afford to put down as a deposit on their first home .
aptly named the decadence , this gift for the oligarch who has everything brings together some of the most expensive food and drink in the world .
harrods ' hamper , aptly named the decadence , costs # 20,000 and includes caviar and fine wines .
harrods insists that it is worth the eye-watering price -- but if you are considering getting one for christmas morning , be aware of one glaring omission .
the huge hamper does not come with a turkey .
and you would need to shell out for a fairly gargantuan bird to grace a table kitted out with the contents of this gift basket .
there are 25 bottles of wine and spirits , including magnums of dom perignon , cristal and taittinger champagne .
the wine selection includes a 2007 chateau margaux red and a magnum of sweet chateau d'yquem 2002 , both world famous .
for an after dinner tipple , try the balvenie single malt whisky , which has been aged for 30 years , or the courvoisier initiale extra cognac .
there is a 2kg pack of exclusive kopi luwak coffee , which , bizarrely , is collected from the dung of asian palm civet cats after they have been fed a diet of coffee berries .
apparently , the cats ' digestive process improves the flavour , delivering what harrods calls the ` world 's finest and most expensive coffee beans ' .
the centrepiece of the feast is the 8kg iberico ham , which comes with its own special carving knife .
the meat , considered one of spain 's food treasures , comes from purebred black iberian pigs that spend their lives