teresa giudice spent the last few hours with her family at mass in new jersey before reporting to a connecticut prison to begin serving a 15-month prison sentence for bankruptcy fraud .
the infamous 42-year-old reality star smiled at her four bundled-up daughters - gia , 13 ; gabriella , 10 ; milania , 8 ; and audriana , 5 - and husband joe as they attended mass at the sacred hearth church in new jersey .
the real housewives of new jersey star was picked up in a black suv by her lawyer just after midnight and driven to the prison from her lavish $ 4million towaco mansion .
the 42-year-old reality star bid farewell to her daughters who will be cared for by her husband joe - when teresa is released he will then begin his 41-month sentence .
scroll down for video .
behind bars : teresa giudice reported to a connecticut prison in the middle of the night on monday to begin serving her 16-month prison sentence for fraud .
pictured : teresa puts on a brave face as she attends mass on sunday with her family .
savoring those family moments : the troubled 42-year-old smiled at her four bundled-up daughters - gia , 13 , gabriella , 10 , milania , 8 , and audriana , 5 - and husband joe .
although the group looked jovial , they knew that in less than 24 hours teresa would be behind bars .
despite being about to go to prison , teresa still looked glamorous in her attire .
james j. leonard jr. , her attorney , told abc news that the drive took 90 minutes and they arrived at at the federal correctional institution in danbury , connecticut , about 2 a.m. , ahead of her 3 a.m. reporting time .
he said teresa ate at a diner before reporting to prison , but added ' i think she was anxious to get in , get this thing started , get it behind her , and get back to her family .
' the attorney said his client had been mentally preparing for her time behind bars by corresponding with recently released female prisoners who told her to be ` friendly but guarded ' during her sentence .
he told nj advance media : ` when we arrived at danbury , everyone we encountered