by .
mark duell .
published : .
12:49 est , 2 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
12:49 est , 2 february 2014 .
two serving soldiers died last night after their car hit a tree near their army base .
a 23-year-old man and 20-year-old female recruit were fatally injured in the accident yesterday just after 8pm close to catterick garrison , near richmond , north yorkshire .
the man , who was driving a black seat leon on leyburn road at the time , died in the crash , while the woman died shortly afterwards at darlington memorial hospital .
deaths : a 23-year-old man and 20-year-old female recruit were fatally injured in the accident yesterday just after 8pm close to catterick garrison , near richmond , north yorkshire .
the scene is pictured .
a north yorkshire police spokesman said today : ` the incident occurred on leyburn road , near to the entrance to catterick golf club , at 8.05 pm on saturday .
` a black seat leon car left the road and collided with a tree .
both occupants tragically died as a result of the collision .
the driver , a 23-year-old man , was pronounced dead at the scene .
` the passenger , a 20-year-old woman , was taken by ambulance to darlington memorial hospital where she later died .
both are serving army personnel based locally .
` relatives have been informed but we are not in a position to identify them at this time .
nearby : catterick garrison -lrb- file picture -rrb- is the army 's largest training establishment , covering 2,400 acres - and 20,000 acres of training land .
it is the home for the school of infantry and infantry training centre .
a ministry of defence spokesman tonight referred media requests to police .
the road remained closed until 1.50 am today while the scene was investigated by officers and the vehicle recovered .
detectives asked witnesses to the collision .
or anyone who saw the car before the crash to contact the north .
yorkshire police force control room on 101 with reference number .
12140017360 .
catterick garrison is the army 's largest training establishment , covering 2,400 acres - and 20,000 acres of training land .
it is the home for the school of infantry and infantry training centre