aside from making a fighter jet lightweight , agile and astonishingly fast , engineers of one the world 's most advanced aircraft have another , more surprising issue to contend with : the moon .
bae system 's typhoon is so accurate that even the movements of the tide can disrupt the jet fighter 's positioning and accuracy .
to counteract even the slightest shifts in gravitational pull , experts must build the jet on ` floating ' concrete rafts that move in sync with the moon .
the typhoon -lrb- pictured -rrb- is powered by two eurojet ej200 engines .
it is 49ft -lrb- 15 metres -rrb- long from tip to tip and the material is ` no more than the thickness of a match stick .
' this helps its ` fly by wire ' computer system to accurately control the aircraft , designed to be unstable but hugely agile .
these rafts measure 59ft -lrb- 18 metres -rrb- long and 9.8 ft -lrb- 3 metres -rrb- thick and are used to house the measuring equipment .
two laser trackers and nine jacks are positioned on a single surface , to make sure all movement is relative , and they control the alignment of the barges by cancelling out the subtle effects of the moon and the tides it creates .
this means the jet will be in ` near perfect alignment whatever the moon may be doing , ' said martin topping , head of typhoon maintenance and upgrade .
` every time the moon pulls the tide in and out , the ground under our feet actually moves by between one and two millimetres , he continued .
the typhoon is powered by two eurojet ej200 engines .
it is 49ft -lrb- 15 metres -rrb- long from tip to tip and the material is ` no more than the thickness of a match stick .
' this helps its ` fly by wire ' computer system to accurately control the aircraft , designed to be unstable but hugely agile , and this build accuracy can save enough fuel to fill up an average family car , or around 60 litres .
the typhoon can take off in less than 8 seconds , achieve supersonic speeds in under 30 seconds and reach altitudes of 36,000 feet mach 1.6 in under two and a half minutes .
it