by .
neil sears .
a humiliated nigella lawson last night lashed out over her ` malicious ' treatment in court .
as her two former housekeepers were cleared of a # 685,000 credit card fraud , she said she had been ` vilified ' and could not forgive the court process .
miss lawson described allegations of her drug taking as a ` ridiculous sideshow ' , and said she found her time as a witness deeply disturbing .
last night huge question marks hung over the 53-year-old celebrity cook 's career , after the end of a dramatic trial in which details of her alleged secret drug abuse , disastrous marriage and chaotic lifestyle were laid bare .
scroll down for video .
fury : nigella lawson , pictured leaving isleworth crown court after she gave evidence , has lashed out at drugtaking allegations against her which she called a ` ridiculous sideshow ' orchestrated by her ex-husband .
the jury found italian sisters francesca and elisabetta grillo not guilty .
the pair said they had effectively been permitted to spend money as they wished in return for keeping quiet about miss lawson 's use of drugs .
last night miss lawson said the trial was part of a campaign by her 70-year-old ex-husband , the multi-millionaire charles saatchi to ` destroy her ' with malicious and false allegations .
in an extraordinary statement , she hit out furiously at the judicial system , saying her experience as a witness had made her feel as if she was the one on trial .
she said it had been harrowing to see her children ` subjected to extreme allegations in court without any real protection or representation ' , adding : ` for this i can not forgive the court process .
' and she again accused her ex-husband of a ` sustained background campaign deliberately designed to destroy my reputation .
' maliciously villified : nigella lawson 's full statement , which attacked the court system and her former husband .
not guilty : the tv cook accused her ex-husband of a campaign ` deliberately designed to destroy my reputation ' as former aides elisabetta grillo -lrb- left -rrb- and francesca grillo -lrb- right -rrb- were cleared of a # 680,000 credit card fraud .
harrowing : a furious nigella said after the trial ended her children had