premier league footballer ravel morrison has been cleared of all charges of assaulting his ex-girlfriend and her mother .
the 21-year-old , currently with west ham united , was accused of hitting his ex reah mansoor , 19 , and her mother , parveen mansoor , 39 , after a night out at a nightclub in his home city of manchester last july 24 .
he was due to go on trial at manchester crown court later this month but on thursday the charges were dropped by the prosecution and morrison , who was not in court , was found not guilty .
ravel morrison looks set to leave west ham after failing to break into sam allardyce 's first-team plans .
morrison , pictured arriving at manchester magistrates court last year , has been cleared of all charges .
guy mathieson , prosecuting , told the court the charges had been withdrawn after morrison 's defence team recovered cctv footage of the first alleged assault outside the one central nightclub , in manchester city centre .
it showed that morrison had not hit his ex , as was alleged , and she had ` slumped ' to the floor on her own .
the ex-girlfriend also withdrew her statement alleging morrison later assaulted her outside her home when he dropped her off and there was ` reluctance ' from her mother to proceed with the alleged assault on her .
all three charges of assault were withdrawn .
morrison had also been initially accused of threatening to throw acid in the face of his ex and have her shot during a four-year period of harassment .
the 21-year-old walks away from court in november after having charges dropped against him .
but at a hearing last november the harassment charge was also withdrawn by the prosecution and he was found not guilty on those charges .
morrison is currently back with west ham after a loan spell with cardiff .
he has been linked with a move to italian side lazio .
he was first arrested last august after it was alleged that , during a night out , he assaulted his ex and , after ` bundling ' her into his porsche panamera car , took her home to her mother 's house in salford .
when they got back to the house , he is alleged to