roy hodgson claims he is not certain he 'd swap his managerial career for sir alex ferguson 's , and also admits it was once unthinkable for an england boss to pick players who were not representing their clubs every week .
the current england boss has not won a trophy since 2001 with copenhagen , but said he would not necessarily want to swap his achievements for the former manchester united boss ' , having managed 16 teams in eight countries .
video scroll down for roy hodgson : i will continue leading england .
content : roy hodgson suggested he would not swap his career for sir alex ferguson 's .
hodgson , speaking to www.britishcoachesabroad.com , said : ` like everything else in life , you have to weigh things up .
` but if you ask me , would it have been better to have been like alex ferguson , to have spent life at one club , if i 'd been lucky enough to do that ?
i 'm not certain i 'd say `` yes , i would have preferred that '' .
' hodgson , who performed the great escape with fulham in 2008 , and also helped west bromwich albion become an established mid-table side , also claimed it is sometimes harder to achieve survival than win titles .
` you do n't win prizes for -lsb- keeping teams up -rsb- or get a trophy on your cv ... but when -lrb- for example -rrb- you 're winning the bundesliga with the current bayern munich team , is that as great an achievement as -- say -- keeping burnley in the premier league ?
it 's very difficult to assess these things .
' success : ferguson won the champions league twice and the premier league 13 times .
hodgson , whose england side failed to get out of the group stage at the world cup in brazil this summer , said he 'd rather some players moved abroad for more game time than sit on the bench in the premier league .
the 67-year-old also concedes that times have changed with the national team , and that he has to pick players who are not regularly playing with their clubs , something that was unthinkable even five years ago .
hodgson added : ` if you 're asking , would it