ben hagon 's -lrb- pictured -rrb- high-powered mercedes sports car crashed into tara mcintyre leaving her with life-changing injuries .
a driver destroyed a young woman 's life when he smashed into her car after taking a lethal cocktail of drink and prescription drugs has been jailed .
tara mcintyre , 24 , was left virtually wheelchair-bound after ben hagon 's high-powered mercedes sports car crashed into her at up to 75mph , a court heard .
she had just popped out to the shops in her small ka when she was hit by the drunk-driver and suffered the life-changing injuries which included a fractured spine and pelvis .
the court heard that hagon , who already had a conviction for drink-driving in 2003 , had taken prescription tranquilisers and was more than twice the legal alcohol limit when got behind the wheel .
judge david turner branded hagon 's driving ` madness ' - and accused him of changing miss mcintyre 's life for the worse for ever .
sentencing him to two years and eight months in prison , judge turner said : ` miss mcintyre went on what ought to have been a simple shopping trip and has been left with injuries which are literally life changing .
` she will be dependent on others for help for the rest of her life .
the medical consequences have been utterly traumatic .
' ` this personal catastrophe has been brought about fully by those moments of madness in your driving .
' i accept you feel considerable remorse .
this is frankly as bad a piece of driving in combination one can imagine .
' hagon was overtaking a line of cars on the a131 at high garrett , near braintree , essex -lrb- pictured -rrb- when he ploughed into the side of miss mcintyre 's ford ka .
chelmsford crown court heard that hagon was overtaking a line of cars on the a131 at high garrett , near braintree , essex , when he ploughed into the side of miss mcintyre 's ford ka as she waited to turn right .
one eye-witness estimated he was hitting 75mph in the 40mph stretch of road in his 54-plate mercedes slk .
but others said his speed was closer to 50-60mph before the horrifying smash at about 2.15 pm on february 2 last year .
police crash investigators