pippa chose designs by roksanda ilincic and stella mccartney .
wore three different outfits during appearance at fulham book store .
her big sister has had more than a year to become one of the world 's fashion icons .
so when it came to her big day in the spotlight , perhaps pippa middleton thought she had some catching up to do .
the 29-year-old wore no fewer than four outfits for her book launch in london yesterday , altogether costing at least # 2,959 -- more than some first-time authors might hope for as an advance .
pippa middleton launched her new creative entertaining book ` celebrate ' at an afternoon children 's halloween party in london .
with echoes of her big sister kate pippa joined in with the children 's games at the launch party .
but then , miss middleton -- whose advance was said to be an astonishing # 400,000 -- is n't any first-time author .
eight .
camera crews from around the world were on hand as she launched her .
party planning guide celebrate : a year of british festivities for .
families and friends at a fulham book store .
the .
hostess with the mostess chose a plum-coloured shift from one of sister .
kate 's favourite designers roksanda ilincic to pose for photographers .
before changing in to an embellished lbd by markus lupfer to host a children 's halloween .
party in the store .
she finally donning a tweed panelled dress from .
stella mccartney as she left the event to continue the celebrations with .
friends and family .
earlier .
she had worn another different outfit for the book signing at foyles , .
choosing a futuristic long-sleeved dress featuring an abstract panel by paper london which is on sale on their website for # 395 .
earlier this afternoon pippa tried to sneak in to the book store via the back entrance , but her famous curves gave the game away and photographers snapped her disappearing in to daunt books in the elegant knee-length shift , which she teamed with patent stiletto shoes and a power blow-dry to rival sister kate 's glossy mane .
after posing for photographers with her book pippa changed in to a little black dress featuring a sparkling green pattern to play with the children who were attending