by .
daily mail reporter and associated press .
published : .
09:13 est , 9 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:35 est , 9 january 2013 .
police caught up with a ` person of interest ' on monday in the gruesome massacre of four women in an oklahoma apartment .
joseph tillman , 33 , was arrested yesterday during a traffic stop in independence , kansas , on an outstanding warrant for a domestic assault and battery case , police revealed today .
while police have been looking to speak with tillman , he has not been named a suspect in the murder of twins rebeika powell and kayetie melchor , 23 ; misty nunley , 33 , and julie jackson , 55 .
caught : joseph tillman , a ` person of interest ' in the grisly murder , was taken into custody yesterday in kansas .
police told the tulsa world that tillman has been ` known to frequent ' the 61st street and peoria avenue area , a crime-ridden location and the scene of the horrific murders on monday .
cops are now working to have tillman transported back to tulsa .
the arrest came just after a mother of one of the victims spoke out about how her daughter was getting her life back together when it was tragically cut short .
back on track : the mother of misty nunley , pictured , said her 33-year-old daughter was putting her life back together .
misty nunley 's mother , cheryl nunley , said her 33-year-old daughter had befriended rebeika powell and had been staying with her on and off in the apartment for the past week .
she said she called her daughter nearly every morning to check in , and spoke to her monday - just hours before the women were found shot to death .
` she had positive people back in her .
life , ' cheryl nunley told the associated press , holding back tears while .
sitting with family and friends in a tiny apartment a few blocks away .
from the crime scene .
` she 's not perfect .
she ran around .
with some people she should n't have been running around with , but she .
was getting her life back together .
' misty nunley was found murdered on monday