by .
sam adams .
a republican activist charged with .
raping five women has apparently committed suicide at the utah cabin .
where the crimes are alleged to have taken place .
two bail bond agents were dispatched .
to the remote log cabin in heber yesterday to check on gregory nathan peterson because his .
ankle monitor was not responding , wasatch county sheriff todd bonner .
said .
peterson , 37 , who had been out on bail .
since october 19 on multiple charges of rape , assault and kidnapping - .
was to stand trial on 23 felony charges and two misdemeanor counts .
grim discovery : the body of gregory nathan peterson -lrb- above -rrb- was found by bail bond agents in an upstairs bedroom at the remote log cabin with a gunshot wound to his head .
high-profile : mia love -lrb- pictured with peterson -rrb- was one of several utah politicians to visit the log cabin in heber .
the congressional candidate is not connected with the case in any way .
the men found peterson 's body in an upstairs bedroom , the salt lake tribune reported .
chief deputy jared rigby confirmed that peterson was found with an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head .
a medical examiner 's final determination on a cause of death will come after an autopsy on today .
peterson 's attorney had been trying to contact him but he was not responding , sheriff bonner said .
he said he did not know if peterson had left behind a suicide note .
four women from salt lake county and .
one from wasatch county testified at a hearing in august that peterson .
sexually assaulted them at his cabin .
the women said peterson fondled them over their clothing without consent .
he is accused of meeting them on mormon dating websites and at church functions .
remote : peterson 's cabin in heber , utah where he allegedly raped women after taking them on dates .
attack : an interior shot of peterson 's cabin where he allegedly carried out the assaults .
two of the women said they had met peterson on mormon dating website ldssingles.com .
one woman had arranged a date with him - claiming he looked like ' a great catch ' in his .
profile and had