by .
sarah griffiths .
published : .
19:14 est , 21 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:33 est , 22 november 2013 .
a professor has teamed up with digital artists to create striking pictures of how roman britain would have looked 2,000 years ago .
the cgi images include a roman ` motorway ' stretching from exeter to london , a forgotten port and luxurious-looking barracks for the occupying forces .
another image of the roman town of calleva atrebatum , located in hampshire , has been produced that paints a picture of a wealthy and bustling settlement .
this cgi image shows the bustling roman town of calleva atrebatum , which was near silchester in hampshire .
it used to be a wealthy town with public baths , an amphitheatre and temples , but failed to develop into a modern city like chichester and london .
the images have been produced to give historians a clear understanding about what settlements in roman britain looked like at their peak and how the invasion affected british architecture and culture .
they form part of a new series on historical tv channel , yesterday , which aims to bring britain 's lost roman civilisations to life .
dr michael scott , an assistant professor of ancient history at warwick university , used his expert knowledge to inform the creation of the images and show how britain would have looked during roman occupation .
an image of a 160-mile road from exeter to london , which was a 15 feet high and 85 feet wide , allowed vast numbers of roman soldiers to march to and from london .
the road is believed to have been built 15ft above ground level to ` show off ' the power of the roman empire to the conquered brits .
the original road , which is one of the country 's major roman roads , was uncovered in 2011 after being found in puddletown forest in dorset .
an image of a 160-mile road from exeter to london , which was a 15 feet high and 85 feet wide , allowed vast numbers of roman soldiers to march to and from london .
the road above ground level to ` show off ' the power of the roman empire to the conquered brits .
another image shows a huge roman port