the work of abi gordon-cody is certainly not for the squeamish .
her instagram posts of severed fingers , rotting flesh and impaled limbs may seem like the work of an extremely violent -lrb- or extremely clumsy -rrb- person but abi 's injuries are , in fact , all a clever illusion .
abi , 26 , from droitwich , worcestershire , works as a special effects make-up artist with the daily challenge of trying to find ways of slicing off fingers and impaling bodies in a completely pain-free way .
scroll down for video .
make-up artist abi gordon-cody creates gruesome injuries using special effects .
abi often stars in her own pictures , taking selfies of a bloody pencil seemingly impaled through her nostril and emerging from the bridge of her nose , or a shot of a foot that has trodden on a long rusty nail .
in one picture , her toes appear to have been chopped off , while in another , a bloody ear has teeth marks where skin should be and in another , her forearm is covered in a huge iron ` burn ' .
one of her most inventive is a zombie rictus grin which she made by building up layers of toilet paper , latex and fake blood on her face .
however , abi 's talents stretch beyond mangled makeovers having worked in theatre and helped out on film sets and she says that her work can involve beautifying rather than horrifying a client .
she told movie pilot : ' i am constantly building up my portfolio as a make-up artist .
it includes what i like to call , ` pretty make up ' such as bridal and special occasions , but more importantly from blushing bride to bleeding eyes i specialise specifically in special effects creation of realistic wounds , injuries and traumas .
' abi 's gory recreations of wounds have earned her a loyal following of almost 3000 on instagram .
abi says that she was inspired to go into stage make-up by her family who worked in showbiz .
as well as her gory recreations abi works as a general make-up artist for weddings and events .
yet while abi 's love of re-creating serious injuries may seem ghoulish , the make-up expert 's interest is informed by her unusual background growing up