england 's stars might have left the sparse wembley crowd unconvinced against norway - but the three lions stepped it up a notch in training in a video that will give fans travelling to switzerland confidence .
the behind closed doors clip shows jack wilshere and wayne rooney showing some of the sublime skill fans want to see as england open up their european championships qualifying campaign on monday in basel .
wilshere is seen chipping balls into a bag as the players clear up after the session at st george 's park , while rooney fools joe hart with a sublime chip .
hart is also seen volleying balls with his heel - although it 's probably for the best he does n't try that in a game england will want to take three points from .
skillful : jack wilshere flicks the balls up from the goalmouth before knocking them into a bag .
clear up : wilshere made the job easier for those who had to clean up after england 's training session .
do n't try that on monday !
joe hart backheels a goal-bound ball away as he shows off in training .
with daniel sturridge out , the pressure will be on wilshere and rooney to provide flare through the middle in basel , and judging by this video it shoud n't be a problem .
roy hodgson was annoyed by criticism of his players at wembley , calling talk that they only managed two shots on goal ` f ****** b ******* ' but on this showing there should be no need for criticism in tuesday morning 's papers .
and new skipper rooney even took time out after the session to have his photo taken with former england striker michael owen - having just overtaken his international goalscoring tally this week .
chipper : wayne rooney has an ambitious attempt at goal as phil jones tries to block his path .
uh oh : hart and jones can only watch on as rooney 's impressive effort drifts over both of them in the area .
goal !
the shot lands in the back of the net - england will hope to see more of that in switzerland .
forgotten man : rooney poses with michael owen after overtaking his goal tally for england .