by .
sara nathan .
and michael zennie .
published : .
19:54 est , 24 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:57 est , 27 december 2013 .
eliot spitzer and his wife silda , who stood by him after he admitted to spending thousands on high-class prostitutes , are calling it quits after 26 years of marriage .
rumors have long circulated that the spitzers were no longer a happy couple but they waited until christmas eve to formally announce that they were ending their marriage .
the couple released a statement to mailonline after spitzer , 54 , was pictured slipping into the home of 31-year-old lis smith , a press secretary who worked on his failed bid for new york city comptroller .
the former governor , who resigned in 2008 after he was fingered as ` client-9 ' in a federal bust of a high-class escort ring , was seen twice last week arriving at smith 's soho apartment , taking her to a candle-lit dinner , then disappearing back upstairs .
silda spitzer stood by her husband eliot 's side as he admitted to using high-class prostitutes and resigned in 2008 .
the couple announced their marriage is over on christmas eve .
eliot spitzer , left , has been seen at the apartment of lis smith late at night then leaving before dawn last week .
she worked as spitzer 's campaign spokeswoman during his failed bid for new york city comptroller .
` we regret that our marital relationship has come to an end and we have agreed not to make any other public statement on this subject , ' spitzer family spokeswoman lisa linden said in a terse statement released on tuesday night .
it is unclear whether the couple is already divorced or whether they are planning to divorce .
ms linden would not elaborate on the statement .
multiple reports indicate that the spitzers have been living apart for some time .
mrs spitzer was also noticeably absent from the campaign trail this past .
year .
spitzer .
has repeatedly refused to comment on his personal life and says he is .
only staying at his parents ' apartment because they are in poor health .
the couple have three grown daughters together : elyssa , 23 , sarabeth , 20 , and jenna , 18