by .
daily mail reporter .
ever felt that your fast food order did n't look quite as appetising as it did on the advert ?
photographer dario d was fed up with disappointing purchases and decided to see how the food sold over the counter matched up to the promised product .
he bought burgers and tacos from some of the biggest chains in the united states and set them up in his studio for a professional standard photo shoot .
and the difference was clear to see .
photographer dario d decided to find out how many fast food products actually looked like their advert .
this big mac could n't reach the same height as the advertised burger .
when the photographer opened the big mac , he found that it was missing most of its lettuce .
dario d even found that the advertised big mac would be far too big for its box .
the photographer found that most of the burgers he bought were not quite as tall as the adverts promised they would be .
in fact , big macs would struggle to fit inside their boxes if they matched their picture .
and another mcdonald 's burger , the angus deluxe third pounder , would have the same trouble .
dario d embarked on the project following : ' a lifetime of disappointment , bafflement , and rage ' , posting the results on his website .
he gave burger king 's whopper a few tries , but after slightly squashed results could only conclude : ` they need to fire the guy who does his yoga on top of the whoppers .
' but despite the generous lettuce , the photographer found that the advertised angus deluxe was another mcdonald 's burger that did not seem to fit in its box .
for this angus deluxe third pounder burger , dario d praised the amount of lettuce it came with .
a mcdonald 's big n ' tasty with cheese got a big green tick from dario d as the burger that most closely matched its advert .
in one side-by-side comparison , he .
showed the results of asking staff at different locations to make the .
whopper look like its advert .
` both times , the cashiers turned and took strangely long , careful looks , as if