by .
paul revoir .
published : .
19:26 est , 1 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:26 est , 1 may 2013 .
conservative mp john whittingdale has criticised the refusal of the hacked off campaign to negotiatie over press regulation .
a senior tory mp has criticised the refusal of the hacked off campaign to negotiate over the newspaper industry 's proposal for a tough new watchdog .
john whittingdale , chairman of the culture , media and sport select committee , said the position taken by the group , which the labour party was ` still very much tied to ' , could result in no royal charter at all , which he said would be a ` disaster ' .
he said the refusal of the lobby group to entertain a compromise on the issue may also mean that a ` recognition body ' for the press is set up but ` nobody comes along and asks for recognition ' .
british newspapers came up with their own royal charter proposal for an independent regulator after rejecting a plan drawn up by politicians and the hacked off lobby group .
mr whittingdale said of the press 's proposed charter that he would ` nearly sign it tomorrow ' but that a way forward was proving difficult because of labour and hacked off .
speaking at a broadcasting press guild event , he said : ` we are either very close to a happy outcome or a total shambles .
` the labour party are still very much tied to hacked off .
if the labour party refuse to even talk about any amendment to the government 's version then it looks as if it 's going to be impossible to reach an agreement .
' the conservative mp added : ` hacked off have very clearly rejected the industry 's version -lsb- of a watchdog -rsb- and said parliament has spoken and you have got to stick to parliament .
executive director of hacked off professor brian cathcart with jacqui hames and charlotte church .
` but if the consequence of that is at best we do get a recognition body but nobody comes along and asks for recognition , or at worst we do n't get a royal charter at all -- that is a disaster .
' he said hacked off