this is the moment an alleged sniper and member of the pro-government forces was beaten by anti-government protestors in kiev , as protestors took control of the presidential administration building .
as ukrainian protesters said they had .
taken control of government offices and president viktor yanukovich fled the city , angry civilians kicked and shouted at members of the government , and could be seen tussling with an alleged sniper .
` he 's -lrb- yanukovich -rrb- .
not here , none of his officials or anyone linked directly to the .
administration are here , ' ostap kryvdyk , a protest leader inside the .
grounds of the administration building , said .
crowds of people swarmed the streets of kiev as the under-fire president said he had no intention of stepping down , despite calls for him to give up his seat .
scroll down for videos .
an alleged sniper and member of the pro-government forces is beaten by anti-government protestors in kiev .
the regime of ukraine 's president appeared close to collapse on february 22 as the emboldened opposition took control of central kiev .
the opposition has taken control of key government and parliament positions and voted to immediately free its jailed leader yulia tymoshenko .
an alleged sniper has a crucifix shoved in his face as a crowd grabs him .
thousands have people have swarmed kiev 's streets as their president has allegedly fled the country .
the turmoil in ukrainian parliament comes as former prime minister and opposition icon yulia tymoshenko has been released from prison .
protesters in the ukrainian capital claimed full control of the city saturday following the signing of a western-brokered peace deal aimed at ending the nation 's three-month political crisis .
they were seen demanding the resignation of their president and attacking politicians , a move which mr yanukovych branded ' a coup ' and likened it to the rise of nazis in the 1930s .
viktor yanukovych also says he has no intention of resigning or leaving the country .
hours after he and opposition leaders signed an agreement aimed at resolving the country 's turmoil yesterday , mr yanukovych went to kharkiv in eastern ukraine , the heartland of his support .
today , he made the coup accusation in a televised statement .
the opposition has demanded a new election be