it was always going to be the most awkward of diplomatic encounters , as prince charles met vladimir putin after comparing him to adolf hitler .
but yesterday the russian president was forced to endure a series of tense stand-offs at the d-day commemorations .
mr putin cut an isolated figure as he brazenly stood apart while other world leaders were clustering around the queen to help her down a flight of steps for the 70th anniversary event .
scroll down for video .
as heads of state gathered for a group photo at at benouville castle , mr putin cut a solitary figure while mr obama and new zealand 's governor-general jerry mateparae fussed around the queen .
the .
queen , us president barack obama and french president francois hollande .
smile for the cameras , but just feet away mr putin looks much more .
stern .
world leaders photo : the queen -lrb- centre wearing green hat -rrb- stands next to barack obama -lrb- to her left -rrb- and francois hollande -lrb- right -rrb- after a lunch at the chateau de benoville .
they were also joined by the king of norway -lrb- front row in military uniform -rrb- , australian prime minister tony abbot -lrb- far right -rrb- , angela merkel -lrb- to his left -rrb- and david cameron -lrb- back middle -rrb- .
keeping an eye on you : prince charles gives vladimir putin a quizzical look at yesterday 's event to commemorate the 70th anniversary of the normandy landings .
russian president vladimir putin passes behind us president barack obama , who has heavily criticised moscow 's aggression .
britain 's queen elizabeth stands in front of norway 's king harald at benouville castle .
icy encounter : german chancellor angela merkel seemed sombre as she spoke with mr putin at sword beach in normandy .
as .
the queen and french president francois hollande climbed the steps on .
to the platform , mr putin appeared to be one of the few world leaders .
not clapping .
not only did he have to face the .
prince of wales for the first time since the war of words triggered by .
charles ' remarks , likening mr putin to hitler and criticising his policy .
in ukraine .
he also came .
face-to-face with ukraine 's president-elect petro poroshenko , who