eoin morgan insisted he already has ` the best group of players ' with him in australia in an effort to end for good the almost daily saga of kevin pietersen attempting to keep his name in the england frame .
england 's new one-day captain again found himself answering questions about the exiled star when he arrived in sydney for this morning 's resumption of hostilities with the old enemy .
england suffered problems in making the journey from canberra when their flight was cancelled and then when they experienced turbulence on the replacement before morgan was given a bumpy ride by the australian press .
then-england team-mates eoin morgan and kevin pietersen together at a practice session in dubai in 2012 .
pietersen has been playing for the melbourne stars against the melbourne renegades in the big bash league .
morgan -lrb- right -rrb- speaks with alex hales on thursday during training at the sydney cricket ground .
morgan -lrb- left -rrb- replaced alastair cook as england 's one-day captain shortly before christmas .
pietersen said morgan wanted him back in the england side in an excruciating ` interview ' with ricky ponting during a big bash game when the former australia captain took his opportunity to stir the english pot .
but , just as he did in canberra on sunday , morgan insisted there was no way back for pietersen when he spoke at the sydney cricket ground before the first one-day international of a tri-series that also involves india .
` i think this is a good opportunity to clear things up given that kevin has had a lot of opportunity to talk in the media and get his view out there , ' said morgan .
` i 'm very happy with the group of players i have .
` this is the best group of players we have to drive the england team forward over the next two months in particular .
kevin 's situation has n't changed over the last year .
it 's been re-iterated over months and days .
pietersen is hoping to get back into both the england odi and test teams .
stuart broad -lrb- left -rrb- speaks to former england team-mate pietersen prior to his axe from the international set-up .
` it was reiterated by the chairman of selectors before christmas and i 'm reiterating it