a man is due to face court charged with the rape of a girl on a train travelling between sydney and penrith earlier this month .
the rosehill man , 30 , was arrested on may 7 in harris park and has since been charged with ` sexual intercourse without consent , ' a police spokeswoman confirmed .
penrith crime manager inspector grant healey renewed appeals for witnesses pictured in cctv released by police to come forward and stressed : ` they were probably doing the right thing .
' about the investigation , insp healey could not reveal extensive detail but said ` it was one of those tricky ones .
' the suspect will face penrith local court on 10 july .
police said ` it 's worth noting the witnesses did not see the alleged offence but may have seen either the man or the woman in the lead up .
' investigators earlier released images of the men in the hope that they come forward to explain what , if anything , they witnessed during the attack on her way home from a night out in sydney 's notorious kings cross on saturday , may 3 .
insp healey renewed those appeals and still wished to speak with the witnesses .
the woman was heading to penrith after first catching a 4.40 am train from kings cross to central station .
at some point on the journey she was allegedly attacked and sexually assaulted by a 30-year-old man .
the woman reported the alleged assault when she reached her destination at penrith station .
horrific : passengers pictured on a train heading from central to penrith could have unknowingly witnessed a woman being raped .
police are seeking up to four people , including the men pictured , who could have unwittingly witnessed the attack on the 21-year-old woman .
police believe as many as four people could have witnessed the alleged attack and are appealing for them to come forward .
cctv images show the first possible witnesses to be two young men aged between 20 and 30 .
the pair are seen in the footage sitting near each other on separate rows before making their way off the train together .
one of the men was wearing a patterned maroon long sleeve shirt , black pants and trainers .
one of the possible witnesses