by .
lydia warren .
published : .
15:18 est , 25 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
18:08 est , 25 january 2013 .
disgraced cycling champion lance armstrong has been spotted for the first time since coming clean about his years of using performance-enhancing drugs in an explosive interview with oprah winfrey last week .
hiding beneath a pair of sunglasses and a dark baseball cap , armstrong was seen boarding a private plane in hawaii with his girlfriend , 31-year-old anna hansen , and their two young children .
armstrong , 41 , kept his head down as he carried luggage from his car and hugged friends farewell , while hansen looked relaxed and even flashed a smile .
spotted : lance armstrong has been seen boarding a private jet in hawaii with his girlfriend and their children .
armstrong , who was stripped of his seven tour de france titles as the revelations about his drug use emerged , was also joined by the youngest two of his five children , maxwell , 3 , and olivia , 2 .
the family is believed to have been staying in a luxury private home in the district of kona to hide from growing speculation over armstrong 's use of doping .
` lance did not want to be seen and was keeping a very low profile when he arrived at the airport , ' one onlooker said .
` they arrived in a large suv and he and anna were both trying to be low key .
` she had leggings on and wore sunglasses .
while lance also looked like an ordinary member of the public dressed .
down in jeans and a t-shirt .
' in hiding : armstrong hid beneath a baseball cap and sunglasses as he prepared to board the flight .
family : they were pictured with their two children , maxwell , three , and olivia , two , and relatives .
hansen , whom armstrong met through his .
charity work for cancer , fell pregnant with maxwell in 2008 - even .
though it was believed armstrong could no longer have children after .
undergoing chemotherapy for testicular cancer .
amstrong also has three older children , luke and twins isabella and grace , with his ex-wife kristin , from whom he separated in 2003 .
his