by .
victoria woollaston .
published : .
07:12 est , 5 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:31 est , 5 december 2013 .
it may not have all the bells and whistles as a brand new iphone , or even look particularly pretty , but if all you want a phone for is to make calls and send texts , why not build your own ?
created by the co-founder of the arduino platform , the wooden handset features a circuit board , a small led display , buttons , a speaker and microphone .
it can store numbers , make and receive calls , send texts and be used as an alarm clock .
the basic phone , pictured , has been created by engineer and co-founder of the arduino circuit board david mellis .
it features a display , buttons , speaker and microphone and can connect to mobile networks .
this means the phone can store numbers , make and receive calls , send texts and be used as an alarm clock .
phonebloks is a customisable smartphone made up of what 's called ` modular elements ' , or blocks , that can be instantly swapped and replaced .
if a battery dies , for example , a new one can be clipped into place .
storage can be upgraded or cameras with different lenses an be swapped in and out depending on the occasion .
the designs , by dutch inventor dave hakkens , were recently bought by google-owned motorola as part of project ara .
arduino is a small open-source platform which comes with a circuit board , and software that tells people how program it .
it is used to power a variety of electronic devices .
engineer david mellis from mit 's media labs helped set up the arduino project and has now used it to make a diy feature phone .
mellis has put the blueprints for the phone , as well as instructions on how to program the board on github .
programmers can either buy a starter pack of basic components , or use the instructions to design and buy their own .
mellis ' version has a wooden casing that is laser-cut using plywood .
it has a total of 60 components including the board , the speaker and microphone to make calls ,