by .
katy winter and sean poulter .
published : .
13:16 est , 16 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:57 est , 16 october 2013 .
at first glance it might not seem like the most appetising of ingredients -- but chefs have long championed bone marrow as a cheap and tasty option .
now waitrose is getting in on the act , adding it to their butcher 's selection along with pig 's trotters and lamb 's tails in a new ` forgotten cuts ' range .
shoppers who have found themselves squeezed by soaring bills are starting to rediscover things that fell out of favour in the rush to ready meals .
top london restaurants have served up bone marrow for years .
not only are they cheaper , but these .
cuts -- which were enjoyed by generations of britons -- are a tasty way to .
feed a hungry family .
the paste-like , fatty substance , found inside bones , is now being stocked as part .
of the supermarket 's ` forgotten cuts ' range , with waitrose describing it .
as ` perfect for enriching sauces or a garnish ' .
waitrose will enlist the help of its food ambassador heston blumenthal to put bone marrow top of our shopping lists .
waitrose .
buyer rob hues said : ` bone marrow has been a key ingredient in some of .
london 's top meat restaurants such has hawksmoor and st john 's bread and wine where they both promote the nose to tail dining experience .
at hawksmoor restaurants , bone marrow can either be enjoyed with onions as a starter or as a side dish with your main .
` those `` in the know '' understand that by adding bone marrow you can intensify meaty flavours , ' says hues .
waitrose will enlist the help of its food ambassador heston blumenthal to put bone marrow top of our shopping lists with his latest recipe , ` traditional minced beef and dumplings ' , which uses the ingredient to intensify the flavour of the meaty dish .
bone marrow will be introduced to .
waitrose customers in a pack , which also contains diced shin , the other key ingredient of heston 's dish .
the recipe will be unveiled in tv and print adverts next