killed : 21-year-old paola delgado-polanco was allegedly beaten to death by her boyfriend using a baseball bat .
a pregnant woman who was beaten to death by her boyfriend who assaulted with a baseball bat has died , but not before giving birth to a baby girl .
police say 21-year-old paola delgado-polanco , who was originally from mexico , was pronounced dead on wednesday morning after being violently assaulted at her trailer park home in delaware .
miss polanco was found by paramedics and died just hours later from her injuries .
before she died , she gave birth to a baby girl who was born three months premature .
the newborn is listed in critical but stable condition at christiana hospital in newark , delaware .
police were called to the home in the waterford trailer park after paramedics found the woman unconscious inside the home .
investigators claim paula 's injuries were caused by 24-year-old fernando flores who assaulted her .
flores was arrested that same day and charged with assault , although the charges have now been elevated to that of manslaughter .
he is now in the howard r. young correctional institution awaiting trial .
miss polanco -lrb- left -rrb- was found by paramedics and died just hours later from her injuries .
fernando flores -lrb- right -rrb- was arrested that same day and charged with assault , although the charges have now been elevated to that of manslaughter .
paola 's family in puente de camotlan in mexico are hoping that people may be able to donate to help bring her body back to her home country .
they have set up a page which they also hope will help to raise some funds to help care for her newborn baby girl which the family will now look after .
so far the page has raised $ 1,095 .
the fundraising page reads : ` paola eden delagado polanco was a young thriving girl and full of life , with charming simplicity and humility .
` she died october 29 at her 21 years as a victim of domestic violence .
paola was six months pregnant , and by a miracle the baby survived .
god has plans for all of us and paola is now in the kingdom of heaven with our heavenly father .
she was beautiful , but her inner beauty