ten-year-old cory nieves launched a cookie business at the tender age of five to help buy his mom a car because he was tired of taking the bus to school in the freezing cold .
the pint-size new jersey entrepreneur has since become the ceo of his very own incorporated baking company that has been churning out thousands of cookies each week .
cory 's incredible rags-to-riches story , along with his impeccable fashion sense and winning personality , have earned him a broad following online and turned him into a media sensation .
scroll down for videos .
meet mr cory : cory nieves , 10 , is the ceo of mr cory 's cookies - a baking company he founded at age 5 .
money-making venture : cory launched his company to help his mother buy a car .
kid ceo : the dashing youngster and his mother incorporated the business two years ago .
on tuesday , a dapper cory nieves was invited to talk about his company , mr cory 's cookies , on msnbc 's news nation hosted by tamron hall .
sporting an elegant vest and a red power tie , the young ceo explained that the idea for mr cory 's cookies grew out of a humble stand he had set up outside his home in 2009 selling hot cocoa to earn money towards a car for his mother .
the boy later added homemade baked goods to the menu , and before long mr cory 's cookies was up and running .
the dashing young businessman told ms hall that he started out working off cookie recipes he had found online , but he eventually developed his own unique formula , in which 75 per cent of the ingredients are organic and there are no preservatives .
in 2012 , nieves and his mother incorporated their company and moved their business out of their home and into a commercial kitchen .
media darling : the 10-year-old has been invited to talk about his venture with tamron hall , the host of msnbc 's news nation .
impressed : ms hall appeared won over by her charming young guests and his product .
that 's how the cookie crumbles : cory 's treats are made with mostly organic ingredients and without preservatives .
and according to cory , business has been booming :