underage students at a boarding school were allowed to get drunk at a curry house during a supervised school trip , a tribunal has heard .
the teenagers from moorland high school , in clitheroe , lancashire , were said to have drunk wine , lager and spirits as they ate a meal at an indian restaurant , alongside three staff members , the hearing was told .
deana hall , 53 , was dismissed from her job as a house parent following the incident , and now claims she was made a scapegoat and unfairly dismissed .
deana hall , 53 , was dismissed from her job as a house parent from moorland high school , in clitheroe , lancashire after pupils were said to have drunk wine , lager and spirits as they ate a meal at an indian restaurant on a school trip .
she was one of three boarding house staff who took the group of 27 teenagers to the balti stan indian restaurant in clayton-le-moors for a meal .
yesterday , an employment tribunal in manchester heard that none of the parents had given consent for the students to drink alcohol .
but mrs hall told the hearing it was not her responsibility to secure permission from the parents of the group of 15 to 18 year-olds , and was instead the responsibility of her superior .
the hearing was shown a series of pictures allegedly showing students with alcohol and heard that one boy drank a glass of wine and three pints of lager , and that he bought a jack daniels with coke for another student .
it also heard how students were reportedly acting drunk and slurring their words .
head teacher jonathan harrison said in evidence that none of the students had been given permission by him to drink alcohol and none of their parents had consented .
she was one of three boarding house staff who took the group of 27 teenagers to the balti stan indian restaurant in clayton-le-moors for a meal .
but mrs hall told the hearing it was not her responsibility to secure permission from the parents of the group of 15 to 18 year-olds , and was instead the responsibility of her superior .
mrs hall said it was the responsibility of her superior , boarding house manager , deborah richards , to secure the