arsene wenger puffed out his cheeks and strode purposefully down the tunnel .
he knew he had been in a game .
so did his players .
alexis sanchez , the matchwinner and hero of the night , and santi cazorla , a tireless worker in midfield , were walking gingerly , hobbling even .
they had completed 90 minutes but it had taken its toll .
this will have made happy viewing in the households of nigel pearson and his leicester city players , arsenal 's opponents on sunday .
it was tight .
tighter than it has been for many years .
too tight for comfort , by the end .
arsenal tend to stroll through this little technicality in their champions league programme , the qualification phase .
not on wednesday night .
video scroll down for arsene wenger : red card was harsh , giroud out until december .
on target : alexis sanchez scores on the stroke of half-time to give arsenal the lead in their second-leg tie against turkish side besiktas at the emirates stadium .
you 've done it : jack wilshere , who was instrumental in the build-up to sanchez 's strike , celebrates with the chile international in front of the delighted home supporters .
arsenal : szczesny 6.5 , debuchy 5.5 , mertesacker 6.5 , koscielny 7 , monreal 6 , flamini 6 , oxlade-chamberlain 6.5 , cazorla 6 , wilshere 7 , ozil 5.5 -lrb- chambers , 76 -rrb- , sanchez 7.5 .
subs not used : martinez , coquelin , rosicky , podolski , sanogo , campbell .
goal : sanchez 45 .
manager : arsene wenger 6.5 .
besiktas : zengin 6 , koybasi 6 , franco 6 , gulum 6.5 , motta 6 , hutchinson 6.5 , ozyakup 5 , kavlak 7 , -lrb- uysal 76 , 5 -rrb- ; pektemek 5.5 -lrb- tosun 87 -rrb- , ba 5.5 , sahan 6 -lrb- tore , 60 , 5 -rrb- .
subs not used : gonen , kurtulus , sivok , koyunlu .
bookings : kavlak , ozyakup , franco , hutchinson , uysal , tore .
manager : slaven bilic 6 .
referee : pedro proenca 6 .
attendance : 59,946 .
* player ratings supplied by matt barlow .
they were a goal ahead shortly before half-time but it afforded a false sense of security