the oldest known shell to have been engraved by an early human has been uncovered in a dutch museum collection , where it remained unnoticed since the 1930s .
the ancient mollusc , originally discovered on the island of java , is between 430,000 and 540,000-years-old , dating to the time homo erectus inhabited the remote volcanic outpost .
the engravings resemble the previously oldest-known etchings , which were created by either neanderthals or modern humans around 100,000 years ago .
the oldest known shell -lrb- top -rrb- to have been engraved by an early human has been uncovered in a dutch museum collection , where it remained unnoticed since the 1930s .
pictured here is its polished edge -lrb- bottom -rrb- .
the shell has a polished edge and a zigzag pattern of engravings , suggesting it was used from cutting or scraping .
if this is the case , it means our ancestors , homo erectus , were more intelligent than we thought .
the successful , long-lived species emerged out of africa almost two million years ago , and were possibly the first early humans to live in hunter-gather societies they also used rafts to travel the oceans .
` it rewrites human history , ' dr stephen munro , a australian national university paleoanthropologist who made the find , told business insider .
` it 's evidence that homo erectus exploited these aquatic food resources , and fits with other evidence that they probably foraged in and around water .
' geometric engravings are considered to be a sign of modern cognitive abilities , but the origins of such behaviour have been debated .
the latest analysis of freshwater mollusc shell collected from the trinil fossil site on java in the 1890s imply homo erectus was also capable of ` modern ' behaviour .
the shell has a polished edge and a zigzag pattern of engravings -lrb- shown -rrb- , suggesting it was used from cutting or scraping .
it may mean our ancestors , homo erectus , were more intelligent than we thought .
geometric engravings are considered to be a sign of modern cognitive abilities , but the origins of such behaviour have been debated .
` it rewrites human history , ' said dr stephen munro , a paleoanthropologist at the australian national university .
the team found that homo erectus were able