by .
kit holden .
thomas muller is an old fashioned footballer .
when muller celebrates , he celebrates like a player from an old black and white vhs .
there is no badge kissing , no sliding , no cupping of the ear .
he simply throws two arms in the air .
when the goal is a special one , he sinks to his knees .
on every occasion , there is nothing readable in his face besides joy .
no self-adulation , no arrogance , simply the pure joy of having found the back of the net .
invaluable : muller is happy to play in any attacking position so long as he is scoring goals .
back of the net : muller celebrates after scoring for germany against argentina during the 2010 world cup .
as a footballer , his game is not about speed , it is not about power , and it is not even about rigourously trained technical ability .
it is immensely difficult to characterise his strongest attributes , because he is not a modern athlete .
he is a bundle of limbs , masquerading as a professional footballer of the 21st century .
but thomas muller masquerades very well indeed .
for germany and for bayern munich , muller 's versatility is invaluable .
he is happy in any position , so long as he is attacking , and believes that ` everything depends on whether you have the right ambition for the position you are in ' .
it is that which makes him so unpredictable for opponents .
he is an efficient creator of space , an efficient passer of the ball , and an efficient goalscorer .
roar talent : muller lets his emotions show every time he finds the net for his country and bayern munich .
at the last world cup in south africa , he was a ruthlessly efficient goalscorer .
only 20 years old and only one year of regular bundesliga football to his name , muller scored five world cup goals -- two of them against england -- and claimed the golden boot .
it is a prize which he intends to defend in brazil .
not that the trophy itself is particularly important to him .
in a recent interview with the tagesspiegel , he declared that ` if you gave me