british experts have successfully bred a rare species of frog that is so poisonous it can kill ten men .
the blue poison dart frog is only 2.5 cm long and is usually found in the tropical forests of costa rica and brazil .
but the species is under threat in south america , where their habitat is being destroyed .
now animal experts at walford and north shropshire college have successfully bred one of the deadly amphibians in their lab .
scroll down for video .
a blue poison dart frog , found naturally in the tropical forests of costa rica and brazil , has been successfully bred at walford and north shropshire college .
despite its diminutive size , the tropical frog can kill ten men with a single dose of its venom .
simon metcalfe , the animal technician who led the project , said : ` although eggs were laid on several occasions , the students had been unsuccessful in getting the eggs to progress to tadpoles .
` they had always gone mouldy and not formed .
after researching environmental conditions required and their breeding behaviour , a few adjustments were made and we waited for the first clutch of eggs to be laid .
until now the eggs that had been laid had gone mouldy and not formed properly .
but after researching environmental conditions and breeding behaviour , the scientists were able to successfully breed a frog .
the blue poison dart froglet will grow to be just 2.5 cm long when it reaches adulthood .
there are more than 100 different species of poison dart frogs and all range between less than an inch to two and a half inches in body length .
they are brightly coloured to warn predators they are dangerous .
it is the skin that contains the frog 's poison .
they feed mostly on spiders and small insects such as ants and termites , which they find on the forest floor using their excellent vision .
they capture their prey by using their long sticky tongues .
` now all our research and effort has .
paid off and our first froglet was moved out of water and on to dry .
land , its metamorphosis now complete .
' a male and female blue poison dart frog were donated to the college by a student