you would be excused for assuming there is only one possibly ending when a lone baby deer is met in the wild by a hungry tigress .
but this series of heartwarming pictures by photographer souvik kundu shows a tiger sparing the deer 's life and , instead of making it an easy snack , deciding to play with it and treat it like one of its own .
the moment occurred at the tadoba andhari tiger reserve in india with the confused tiger snapped jumping next to the tiny deer , nuzzling with it , and even carrying it gently in its mouth like a cub .
photographer souvik kundu snapped pictures of a tiger playing with a fawn at the tadoba andhari tiger reserve in india .
crowds at the maharashtra reserve gasped as they predicted the spotted deer fawn would face a swift and gruesome death at the paws of the giant feline .
instead , the unlikely two appear to become the best of friends , with the gentle tigress tenderly playing with it , before leaving the deer unharmed to live another day .
photographer souvik said : ` when she slowly emerged from cover we were astonished to find she was playing with a hapless spotted deer fawn .
` the tigress seemed to be in a playful mood , jumping around in excitement .
' the adorable encounter lasted for about 15 minutes , before the big cat retreated and allowed the small deer to rest in the grass .
photographer souvik kundu , 35 , from mumbai witnessed the tigress nuzzling the spotted deer fawn like one of her cubs .
the joyful cat was seen jumping next to the deer , patting it and even carrying it in her mouth like a cub .
the expectation among the crowd was that the feline would swiftly kill the deer and devour it .
souvik , 35 , from mumbai entitled photographs of the event , the benevolent queen , due to the tiger 's gentle nature .
he added : ` i 'm still not sure why the tigress did not prey on the little deer when the chance presented and acted so unnaturally .
` one probable explanation is the tigress was in search for a mate and her urge for motherhood temporarily overcame predatory instinct .
play with me !