a pilot who crash-landed on a beach in new zealand , then proceeded to crash again into the sea ... and it was all caught on camera .
pilot dennis horne , of howick , auckland , said he was flying from ardmore to whangarei when the plane 's new engine cut out near martins bay .
he managed to safely land the six-cylinder , 120-horsepower jabiru on the end on martins bay beach , on the mahurangi peninsula near warkworth about 11.30 am today .
scroll down for video .
second time not so lucky : a pilot who crash-landed on a beach in new zealand , then proceeded to crash again into the sea ... and it was all caught on camera .
the footage shows a crowd watching the aircraft taxiing along the mahurangi beach , north of auckland after the land .
the plane moves along , but starts to steer towards the edge of the water .
it then twists violently and the left wing wing hits the water , spinning the aircraft and forcing the nose to hit the water .
pilot dennis horne , of howick , auckland , said he was flying from ardmore to whangarei when the plane 's new engine cut out about 5 kilometres off martins bay .
the footage shows a crowd watching the aircraft taxiing along the mahurangi beach , north of auckland after the land .
the plane then bounces on to its left wing and comes to a stop .
remarkably the mr horne and the passenger were unharmed in the crash but the plane 's propeller and wing were damaged .
horne .
explained when the aircraft had landed on the beach he had transferred .
fuel from one wing to the other , but when he tried to take off again the .
airplane made contact with the water , causing the plane to ` nosedive ' into the sand , breaking its propeller and damaging its wing , reported stuff nz .
a new zealand civil aviation authority spokesperson told radio nz they had not yet been notified of the incident .
the plane is now awaiting a truck that will tow it off the beach .
the plane moves along , but starts to steer towards the edge of the water .
it then twists violently and the left wing wing