by .
steve robson .
spared prison : ayan hadi , the wife of white muslim convert richard dart , admitted failing to give police information about his terrorist plot .
the wife of white muslim convert richard dart who was jailed for terrorism offences has admitted failing to provide information that might have helped police arrest and prosecute him .
ayan hadi , 31 , pleaded guilty to the offence at the old bailey today .
her husband richard dart was jailed for six years in april with two co-conspirators jahangir alom and imran mahmood for planning acts of terrorism .
hadi was also arrested and charged at the time for failing to disclose information which might have led to his prosecution .
but .
she was pregnant during her first appearance at court and her lawyer .
said any trial hearing would have to take her due date into account .
dart 's brother robb leech , who first .
brought the convert 's views into the .
spotlight in his television documentary my brother the islamist , .
revealed that hadi gave birth to a baby girl weeks before he was .
sentenced .
writing in the times , mr leech said : ` while he was in custody before the trial , rich 's new wife gave birth to a daughter , 12 weeks early .
` now .
healthy with a life full of possibilities ahead of her , she will need a .
father and someone to guide her through the world .
my only hope is that .
when rich gets out , his little daughter will be his calling .
' today hadi , from acton , west .
london , pleaded guilty to withholding information about her husband and .
will be sentenced on august 16 .
mr justice sweeney warned that she could also be jailed .
he told her : ` all sentencing options remain firmly open .
' former bbc security guard dart refused .
to stand when he was sentenced in april , saying : ' i do n't wish to stand up .
i .
believe ruling and judging is only for allah .
' the .
court heard that dart and alom travelled to pakistan to try to get .
terrorist training , and took advice from mahmood , who had already .
visited the