a pilot whose passenger plane was stuck on the tarmac at manchester airport for three hours due to snow delays called police after getting frustrated at the hold-up .
passengers on board the germanwings flight to hamburg said the pilot became so frustrated at the long wait and the lack of response from airport staff that he dialled 999 .
the plane was waiting to be ` de-iced ' , but many complained there only seemed to be one vehicle equipped to remove snow from all the planes and some claimed it broke down at one point .
officers boarded the plane which was carrying 150 passengers at around 11pm , but took no action .
a pilot whose passenger plane was stuck on the tarmac at manchester airport for three hours due to snow delays called police , pictured is the airport in snowy conditions in 2010 .
a number of flights to destinations including belfast , paris and hamburg were unable to take off at the airport after a snow storm and plummeting temperatures meant conditions were not safe .
after a long delay , the hamburg flight was rescheduled to set off at 10.15 pm , but had still not left by 11pm .
passenger adrian adam , 30 , said the pilot , attempting to contact airport staff or operator germanwings , became so frustrated at waiting , he eventually called the police .
` after being delayed for that long , we could n't land in hamburg because they do n't allow flights in after 11pm , ' said mr adam who lives in hamburg had been visiting family in st helens for christmas .
` we were waiting , like a lot of other planes , to be de-iced .
there was one for all the planes that were waiting .
` no-one was coming back to the pilot , so eventually he called the police .
he said he could n't tell us anything because he could n't get hold of anyone - he said no-one was responding .
the plane was waiting to be ` de-iced ' at manchester airport -lrb- pictured -rrb- but many complained there only seemed to be one vehicle equipped to remove snow from all the planes and some claimed it broke down .
` it was getting pretty hot and all the food was gone .
there