surrounded by thousands of well-wishers , the widow of herve gourdel clutched a single white rose as she openly cried at a gathering in tribute to her husband who was murdered by islamic extremists .
mr gourdel 's wife , francoise , was with the mountaineer 's parents today as thousands of people , including hundreds of muslims , took to the streets of france to denounce the killing by algerian islamic extremist group jund al-khilifa - close allies of isis .
many more muslims gathered outside mosques in cities across france to condemn the barbaric murder of the 55-year-old father-of-two .
scroll down for video .
distraught : the wife of herve gourdel , who was killed by an islamic extremist group in algeria earlier this week , attended a gathering in tribute to her husband in the southern french city of nice .
harrowing : mrs gourdel clutched a white rose , as did hundreds of others at the large crowd , alongside pictures of the frenchman who was brutally murdered by jund al-khilifa - close allies of the isis militant group .
the parents of herve gourdel , jean -lrb- left -rrb- and genevieve -lrb- right -rrb- also attended the tribute service to their 55-year-old son , who was visiting algeria for a walking holiday .
relatives of mr gourdel helped his father to stand at the gathering in nice , where thousands took to the streets to pay tribute to the 55-year-old man .
thousands of people gathered in the southern french city of nice for a silent walk , where flowers and pictures of the murdered man , were held aloft .
francoise and mr gourdel 's parents , jean and genevieve , were visibly emotional as they lay flowers at the service.c .
candles were lit at a separate service in a square in montpellier yesterday , as many more congregated in paris and nantes .
a video of mr gourdel 's brutal murder , titled ' a message in blood for the french government ' , followed french airstrikes on isis targets in syria .
president francois hollande has declared three days of national mourning but says france will not give in to ` blackmail ' from terrorists .
the flag atop the grand palais in france is being flown at half-mast .
dalil boubakeur , rector of the grand mosque of paris