these newly re-released images show the moment adolf hitler rose to power - exactly 80 years ago today .
on january 30 , 1933 , the man who would become one of the worst tyrants in history was appointed chancellor of germany , the first step towards his creation of a totalitarian regime .
the photos are part of an online gallery published by newsreel company british pathe in order to record the pivotal moment in history .
scroll down to watch .
the soon-to-be dictator gives the cameraman a thumbs up soon after his triumph .
prophetic : the newsreel 's caption hints at the consternation the world felt towards hitler 's growing power .
the original caption used by british .
pathe on its footage back in 1933 was chillingly prophetic , stating that .
hitler was now master of his own destiny - and hinting that only fear .
and uncertainty lay ahead .
it .
compared hitler , a former lowly soldier from austria , to otto von .
bismarck , the famous 19th century statesman who unified germany through .
war .
the full caption read .
as follows : ` berlin ... adolf hitler assumes bismarck 's mantle as .
germany 's chancellor .
he is now master of his adopted country 's destiny .
and a wondering world awaits ... what ?
' pictures in the online gallery show .
the nazi dictator surrounded by his henchmen , including hermann göring , .
who was also appointed minister of the interior for prussia .
another shot shows hitler giving a thumbs-up to his supporters .
a .
spokesman for british pathe said : ` hitler 's appointment as chancellor .
was significant in his rise to power and the footage from 80 years ago .
is an important piece of history because of what followed .
' hitler immediately began consolidating his power and dismantled a number of freedoms in germany .
hitler was able to achieve power thanks to the backing of captains of industry , businessmen and powerul politicians .
he had come second in the 1932 election .
hitler was appointed chancellor by .
german statesman paul von hindenburg after three elections had not .
resulted in the formation of a majority government .
von .
hindenburg had reluctantly agreed to appoint hitler as leader after .
influential politicians ,