there are few british sportspeople who have legitimate claims to being the best in the world in their field .
in golden girls katarina johnson-thompson and jessica ennis-hill we have two who are likely to be battling for top billing over the next two years .
british athletics performance director neil black is not guilty of hyperbole when he claims their anticipated duels in the heptathlon , notably at the world championships in beijing this summer and the olympic games in rio in 2016 represent a ` magical time ' for the sport .
johnson-thompson , 22 , has risen to being the world 's number one in the absence of olympic champion ennis-hill , who took a break to have baby son , reggie .
the pair 's first competitive meeting since 2012 , at the hypo-meeting in gotzis , austria at the end of may promises to be one of the most gripping sporting duels of the year .
katarina johnson-thompson -lrb- far left -rrb- and jessica ennis-hill -lrb- centre -rrb- , pictured with louise hazel at london 2012 , have been praised by british athletics performance director neil black .
johnson-thompson is expected to battle it out with ennis-hill for top billing over the next few years .
ennis-hill took some time out of athletics following the birth of her baby son , reggie .
johnson-thompson 's first major gold medal in the pentathlon at the european indoor championships in prague on friday , where she missed out on the world record by just 13 points , was the realisation of an incredible talent .
as a teenager she beat ennis-hill 's junior records and is now seeing her own being broken by 17-year-old morgan lake .
` i just think its an amazing set of circumstances , ' said black , ` i 'm sure it 's partly coincidental and partly as a result of all the stimulus dating back many years , the , striving to beat each other and role models and so on .
but to think that they are all going to be hopefully in gotzis and they 're all hopefully going to be at the world championships in beijing in august and the olympics next year , its just a kind of magical time .
` and what comes from it is just going to be spectacular .
i ca n't