by .
suzannah hills .
published : .
06:04 est , 16 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:44 est , 16 february 2013 .
tragic : flight lieutenant fran capps is the second to be named after three people were killed following an avalanche in the cairngorms .
the second climber killed in an avalanche in the scottish highlands , which claimed the lives of three people , has been named today by the ministry of defence .
flight lieutenant fran capps , 32 , originally from dulverton , somerset , is believed to have been on a winter skills training course when the avalanche struck in the cairngorms .
she is the second of the three victims to be named after police yesterday identified the first as raf squadron leader rimon than , 33 , who was based at raf valley , north wales .
the avalanche struck as two groups of six climbers made their way up opposite sides of a gorge on thursday .
one group was part of a glenmore lodge organised winter skills training course and the second was off-duty raf personnel .
it is understood that the three climbers .
involved were buried deep in the snow when rescuers found them at the .
chalamain gap , which is a deep , rocky valley in the cairngorms on the .
route from the cairngorm ski road to the lairig ghru .
police , cairngorm mountain rescue team , cairngorm mountain ski patrol , search and rescue dogs , raf lossiemouth 's rescue team and three helicopters were involved in the rescue operation .
the three were airlifted from the .
chalamain gap area to aberdeen royal infirmary shortly after 12.30 pm on .
thursday but died of their injuries .
flt lt capps was commissioned into the royal air force in 2001 as a logistics officer and worked on a variety of royal air force stations , the mod said .
most recently she had worked with the chinook force at royal air force odiham , and she had previously served on operational tours in iraq , the falkland islands , afghanistan and qatar .
raf colleagues paid tribute to flt lt capps , who was described as ` an exceptional person ' .
group captain dominic toriati , the station commander at royal air force odiham , said : `