by .
associated press .
and daily mail reporter .
published : .
15:08 est , 3 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
17:24 est , 3 march 2014 .
eleven children who were forced to sleep in cages by their adoptive parents have reached a $ 2 million settlement after years of legal wrangling .
the agreement , which still needs a judge 's approval , was made with an ohio .
county where three of the children had lived before they were placed in .
the home outfitted with wire and wood enclosures .
the adopted and foster children were between 1 and 14 in 2005 when authorities took them from the home near norwalk , where they lived with their adoptive parents , michael and sharen gravelle .
the gravelles spent two years in prison for abusing some of the children .
they had always maintained that they kept some of the children in the cages for their own safety .
locked up : michael and sharen gravelle , pictured in norwalk , ohio in 2007 , were jailed for 2 years after their adopted children were found sleeping in cages .
the children have just won a $ 2 million settlement .
they lost custody in 2006 and all 11 of the children were placed with foster parents .
the oldest two are in college and have used the money from earlier settlements to pay for tuition , said jack landskroner , an attorney for the children .
the rest are doing well , landskroner said , though some scars remain .
the children were wrongly portrayed as troubled during the trial of the gravelles , he said .
` these kids were good kids , ' landskroner said .
` it 's amazing the positive results you see on children who are placed in a loving , caring home .
' the settlements , he said , will allow them to move forward now .
there have been seven public and .
private financial settlements with counties and agencies that had a role .
in placing the children in the home and some of the professionals who .
were charged with their placement and overseeing their care .
the .
latest and final settlement was agreed upon last week when officials in .
stark county , where three siblings lived before being placed