by .
mark duell .
last updated at 10:53 pm on 23rd september 2011 .
it 's been a crucial topic hanging over the republican presidential debate so far - and there 's already a twist .
texas governor rick perry , 61 , claimed last night he was ` lobbied ' by a cervical cancer sufferer to require young girls to receive the hpv vaccine .
but it turns out according to abc news he only met heather burcham after launching an executive order in february 2007 - which ultimately failed .
texas governor : rick perry , pictured at last night 's debate , said he was ` lobbied ' by a cervical cancer sufferer to require young girls to receive the hpv vaccine .
mr perry and houston schoolteacher ms burcham , 31 , became unlikely friends over his support of the human papillomavirus vaccine .
a spokesman for governor perry defended his comments on friday as ' 100 per cent accurate ' .
` the anti-cancer hpv vaccine requirement was never implemented in texas , ' the spokesman told mailonline .
` the issue was hotly debated in 2007 .
` governor perry met heather during .
hpv legislative debates after the executive order was issued .
she .
lobbied the legislature and governor in favour of the anti-cancer .
vaccine .
` ultimately , lawmakers overturned the executive order and governor perry allowed -lrb- a bill that overturned the order -rrb- to become law .
` governor perry and heather established a friendship and stayed in contact until her death from cervical cancer .
' he said at thursday night 's gop .
debate that he spent lots of time with ms burcham , who had stage four .
cervical cancer and died in july 2007 .
` i got lobbied on this issue .
i got lobbied by a 31-year-old young lady who had stage four cervical cancer , ' mr perry said , reported abc news .
but since she died he changed his mind on the hpv vaccine and sided against it with gop presidential hopeful michele bachmann .
` i readily admitted we should have had .
an opt-in but i do n't know what part of opt out most parents do n't .
get , ' he said at the florida debate .
` the fact is i erred on