by .
daily mail reporter .
the grandmother of a five-year-old girl , who died after taking a mix of pills found at the home of one of her drug-addict mother 's friends , has spoken of her heartbreak .
ashton-lynette arnold had been raised by her grandmother , stacy molinelli , for the first two years of her life as her mother , elizabeth rydbom battle with drug addiction .
but , for the last three years of her all-too-short life , ashton was in her mother 's care while her devoted grandmother watched helplessly as the tragic steps to her death unfolded .
heart-broken : stacy molinelli looks at photos of her granddaughter ashton , who died after swallowing pills .
tragic : ashton-lynette arnold , who was known to child welfare agencies , died from a drug overdose .
ms molinelli told the miami herald the department of children and families said it would be futile for her to try to apply to be ashton 's legal guardian .
she had been caring for her grandchild after the girl 's mother suddenly walked out on ashton when she was just a few months old .
this meant the grandmother was left in a custody limbo , caring for the little girl whenever her mother decided to disappear .
` when .
ashton was with me , she was taken care of .
she was safe , ' ms molinelli .
said .
` there were times i would see elizabeth when she had the baby and .
she was so high she did n't know the day of the week .
and somehow dcf .
thought she was stable enough to care for a child .
' the department had investigated ashton 's welfare several times during her short life .
her mother had , according to a dcf report , a ` major problem ' with meth and twice tested positive for narcotics .
prison : ashton 's mother elizabeth rydbom , left , and her mother 's girlfriend , kimberly alderman , right , were sentenced to two years for child neglect .
they were the girl 's caregivers at the time of her death .
charges : valerie davenport , left , and julianne goldsmith , right , were also sent to prison over ashton 's death .
the little girl had taken drugs