by .
baz bamigboye .
published : .
20:30 est , 11 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:16 est , 12 february 2013 .
their love affair entranced the world .
now helena bonham carter and dominic west are to recreate the magic between hollywood golden couple elizabeth taylor and richard burton in a new bbc film .
the award-winning actress and the charismatic mr west , 43 , will play the tempestuous pair when they were reunited in 1983 to star in a production of noel coward 's private lives in the us .
the bbc4 film will capture the highly explosive nature of the burton and taylor relationship through the prism of playing star-crossed lovers on stage .
tempestuous : elizabeth taylor 's relationship with richard burton is to be recreated for a bbc film .
at the time everyone wanted to know whether the reunion would become a reconciliation .
it was a circus that saw the pair in the centre ring and it sold tickets .
miss bonham carter , 46 , said : ` elizabeth was fifty-one , still every inch a star , still beautiful and they still needed each other but this was professional .
they were doing noel coward 's private lives on stage playing a couple who used to be married .
people wondered if they were still in love and whether they 'd be playing themselves or their characters in the play .
' at the time burton and taylor were paid $ 1 million each for the limited run playing coward 's elyot and amanda , a maddening and magnetic couple who divorce after enduring a turbulent short-lived marriage .
spotlight : helena bonham-carter , left , will star as elizabeth taylor in a one-off 90-minute drama about her tempestuous love affair with richard burton , who will be played by dominic west , right .
they rediscover each other years later when each has a new spouse .
they chuck their new partners and run off with each other .
` it sounds familiar and has echoes of their own marriages and relationship ' helena observed .
burton and taylor fell in love on the set of the movie cleopatra .
both had partners but they were eventually married in 1964 and after ten tempestuous years of living it up they exhausted each other and