by .
damien gayle .
passengers used their smartphones to capture the terrifying moment an emergency chute inflated inside their jet as they flew across the mid-west .
the huge inflatable chute , usually used for escaping the plane after a crash landing , burst into the cabin as the jet soared 40,000 ft over kansas .
passengers described hearing a loud bang followed by a hissing noise , and seeing flight attendants recoil in horror , as the incident unfolded on the domestic flight from chicago to los angeles .
scroll down for video .
terrifying : the scene aboard united airlines flight ua1462 when the escape chute inflated in mid-air .
witnesses described hearing a bang and a hiss as the chute inflated , blocking access to the rear doors .
the united airlines flight no. 1463 .
was diverted to mid-continent airport in wichita , kansas , although .
safety workers insisted the jet never lost cabin pressure .
united said the cause of the opening was unclear , but kake.com .
reports that account contradicts an initial report from 911 operators .
that someone aboard the jet had tried to open an emergency door .
flight 1463 had taken off from chicago .
o'hare airport with 101 passengers and crew and was bound for john .
wayne airport , near los angeles , when the chute inflated .
it landed at wichita at 10.30 pm last night , local time .
no one was hurt .
a flightradar24 map showed how flight 1463 had reached an altitude of 40,000 ft when the incident occurred .
it .
had actually flown past wichita when its pilot made the decision to .
make the emergency landing , forcing the jet to make a u-turn to return .
back to the mid-west city .
emergency landing : the united airlines flight no. 1463 was diverted to mid-continent airport in wichita after the inflatable suddenly opened - although safety workers insisted the jet never lost cabin pressure .
flight attendants inspect the inflatable chute inside the jet after determining that the doors had not opened .
` scariest flight of all time ' : emergency workers are pictured on the jet after it was forced to land in wichita .
turn around : this map from flightradar24.com shows how the jet was forced to make a mid-air u-turn .
passenger