by .
emma innes .
a mother nearly lost her unborn son when she underwent an invasive fertility procedure without knowing she was pregnant .
natalie birkett , 35 , had her womb and fallopian tubes flushed with dye by doctors investigating why she and her husband chris , 43 , had not been able to conceive after three years of trying .
the receptionist , from goodmayes , north east london , discovered three weeks later she had been four weeks pregnant at the time of the test .
natalie and chris birkett nearly lost their son , ethan , when mrs birkett had an invasive fertility procedure .
doctors , who before going ahead with the fertility test had ordered a pregnancy test which returned a negative result , told mrs birkett they would have expected the dye to have flushed the foetus from her body .
against the odds , mrs birkett 's son ethan developed to full term and next month he will be two years old .
mrs birkett said : ` i often think of how close we came to losing ethan .
part of me still ca n't believe he survived and how lucky we are .
' mrs birkett and her husband , a television presenter and actor , began trying for a child a year after they married in 2007 .
she said : ` for the first year of trying we were n't in any particular rush - we were too busy enjoying our relationship .
but when another year went by and we still did n't have any luck , i started to think things were seriously wrong .
` when i was 21 i 'd been told i probably had polycystic ovary syndrome but i had n't thought much of it .
now i wondered whether it was going to be an impossible barrier to overcome .
' mr and mrs birkett had been trying for a baby for three years without success so decided to have a procedure in which mrs birkett 's womb and fallopian tubes were flushed to remove any blockages .
mrs birkett took a pregnancy test before she underwent the procedure but it came back negative .
as a result , she did n't know she was pregnant with ethan when she had the surgery .
in august 2011 mrs birkett was offered