by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
06:38 est , 24 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
21:22 est , 24 january 2013 .
sylvester stallone paid his half-sister more than # 3million to ` shut her up ' after she threatened to ruin his career with claims he abused her , the actor 's mother has revealed .
the rocky star agreed to give toni-ann filiti a lump sum of # 1.2 million , as well as # 10,500 a month for the rest of her life .
he also set up a trust fund for her , paying in # 31,000 a year to cover medical expenses and psychiatric care , according to newly discovered court papers .
scroll down for video .
allegations : sylvester stallone , left , secretly agreed a multi-million deal with his late half-sister toni-ann filiti amid claims he had abused her for years .
sibling : toni-ann filiti , half-sister of actor sylvester stallone , is pictured in exercise clothes in new york in 1985 .
miss filiti died last august at the .
age of 48 after a long battle with lung cancer .
in total , she received .
more than # 3million from the settlement .
stallone 's mother jackie , 91 , .
confirmed the actor had reached a financial settlement with her -- but .
described it as a ` shakedown ' .
she said miss filiti , her daughter by .
her second husband , was a drug addict who blackmailed stallone when he .
was at the height of his fame , in 1987 .
miss filiti , then 23 , threatened him .
with a lawsuit alleging abuse .
according to court papers obtained by a .
new york newspaper , she ` asserted claims for personal injury , including .
physical injury ' against stallone .
the papers show that the actor , now 66 , ` vigorously denied and continues to deny and dispute all claims of wrongdoing ' .
nevertheless , stallone 's mother said his lawyers advised him to pay up to avoid any scandal that could have harmed his career .
claims : stallone 's half-sister toni ann filiti with their mother jackie , seen here at the actor 's 2006 rocky balboa premiere with her son .
silver screen : sylvester stallone in rocky