by .
chris waugh .
hull city are in belgium as they look to further their first foray into european competition against ksc lokeren in the europa league qualifier round .
steve bruce 's men will head into the game full of confidence following their 1-0 victory at qpr on saturday .
the tigers are expected to name a much-changed side for this tie , however , as they look to balance the challenge of european football alongside premier league survival .
bring it on : hull travel to belgium to face ksc lokeren fresh from a 1-0 victory at qpr in the premier league .
slovak side as trencin were dispatched 2-1 over two legs in the third qualifying round as hull debuted in europe was a 0-0 away draw and then a 2-1 victory the kc stadium .
here is everything you need to know about thursday 's showdown at the daknam stadium .
lokeren vs hull city -lrb- daknam stadium -rrb- .
kick-off : thursday 7.30 pm .
odds -lrb- subject to change -rrb- .
lokeren 17/10 .
draw 12/5 .
hull city 6/4 .
referee : matej jug -lrb- svn -rrb- .
hull team news .
the tigers will be without winger robert snodgrass -lrb- knee -rrb- who could be out for up to six months .
the scot dislocated his knee and will be a big miss for steve bruce 's men .
goalkeeper allan mcgregor could be rested , allowing steve harper to deputise , but curtis davies is expected to play .
alex bruce -lrb- back -rrb- , meanwhile , is unlikely to start for hull .
liam rosenior will be assessed before the game to determined his fitness .
jake livermore , nikica jelavic and tom ince are likely to drop to the bench after playing key roles in saturday 's victory over qpr .
possible hull xi : harper , mcshane , davies , figueroa , rosenior , quinn , meyler , brady , boyd , sagbo , aluko .
changes : hull city manager steve bruce is likely to make a raft of changes for the trip to belgium .
key match stats -lrb- supplied by opta -rrb- .
sone aluko scored hull 's winner in the previous round against trencin .
lokeren 's last appearance in the europa league qualifying phase came in 2012/13 , being knocked out on