more issues in ferguson : former ferguson , missouri correctional officer jaris hayden is accused in a criminal suit of having sex with a pregnant inmate and then setting her free .
in a separate civil suit , the inmate says she was raped by hayden .
a former ferguson corrections officer faces felony charges and a lawsuit for allegedly having sex with a pregnant inmate and allowing her to escape , a case that comes as the st. louis suburb 's police force is already under scrutiny following the shooting death of michael brown .
jaris hayden , 29 , will be arraigned december 3 on charges of acceding to corruption by a public servant , permitting escape and two counts of sexual contact with a prisoner .
his attorney , scott rosenblum , said hayden posted $ 10,000 bond and intends to plead not guilty .
the incident allegedly happened october 9 , 2013 .
hayden was indicted by a grand jury earlier this month , and the woman filed her lawsuit against hayden on friday in federal court .
in her suit , the woman identified as j.w. alleges the misconduct began as soon as she got to the jail , when she was booked by hayden and he told her ` you smell good ' and said ` this will teach you a lesson .
' according to the woman 's lawsuit , she was taken to jail for driving with expired license plates and giving the officer a false name .
the suit said her boyfriend had already posted $ 200 bond when hayden took her to a boiler room at the jail and forced her to have sex .
but while still in the cell , j.w. says she told hayden she 'd ` do anything to go home , ' but that she did not mean sex notes buzzfeed .
nonetheless , j.w. says hayden took her downstairs and told her to perform oral sex on him , which she did .
the suit says they then had vaginal intercourse .
afterwards , hayden allegedly set her free out a side door .
a pubic hair j.w. says she took from the scene has since tested positive as hayden 's .
ferguson city attorney stephanie karr said in a statement that after the city learned of the complaint against hayden , it began