kabir ahmed was the first person in the uk to be convicted of ` distributing threatening written material to stir up hatred on the grounds of sexual orientation ' a british isis fighter in syria who told bbc 's panorama programme he wanted to be a suicide bomber has been twice convicted for spreading hatred against gay people in the uk .
kabir ahmed , of normanton , derby , who claimed to be called abu sumayyah on panorama , was the first person in the uk to be convicted of ` distributing threatening written material to stir up hatred on the grounds of sexual orientation ' .
he told bbc reporters that he wanted to be ` put up the -lrb- suicide bomber -rrb- list ' .
ahmed , 30 , was sentenced to 15-month in february 2012 after a trial heard how he handed out leaflets outside a mosque showing a mannequin hanging from a tree next to the words ` death penalty ?
' in relation to gay people .
during the trial , the court heard how the group 's activities intimidated residents and left gay people frightened to walk on the streets .
the first leaflet , entitled ` death penalty ?
' proclaimed that ` allah permits the destruction ' of gay people and that ` the only question is how it should be carried out ' .
the second , entitled ` turn or burn ' , featured a burning figure in a blazing lake of fire and warned that the decriminalisation of homosexuality was ` the root of all problems ' .
a third , entitled ` gay - god abhors you ' , warned of ` severe punishment ' for homosexuals .
a fourth leaflet linked to the group , which was never distributed , described homosexuality as a ` vile , ugly , cancerous disease ' .
it referred to ` queer sinners ' and ` faggots ' and posed the question ` gay today , paedophile tomorrow ?
' later the same year , while still in jail , he was convicted of holding up homophobic placards and chanting ` we hope you die of aids ' to revellers at derby 's gay pride procession .
community leaders in derby say ahmed was a ` maverick ' one-off who was probably radicalised outside derby when he moved away to