scotland 's could have its own time zone under plans to move the uk to central european time .
the campaign to shift the uk forward an hour , aligning the nation with most of europe , is supported by a wide range of mps , who claim the change would save lives on the road thanks to extra sunlight .
scotland has been opposed to the change in the past , but campaigners say westminster could devolve powers allowing scots to set their own time .
scroll down for video .
scotland could have a different time zone if the plans , which would see the rest of the uk move to central european time , are approved .
the proposal , which has been submitted to william hague , has been kicked into the long grass in the past because of a lack of scottish support for shorter daylight hours and darker mornings .
but tom mullarkey , chief executive of the royal society for the prevention of accidents , said that allowing scotland to stick with the norm while the uk changes time zone was a possibility .
in a letter to mr hague , who is the leader of the commons and is chairing a government committee on devolving powers to holyrood , mr mullarkey said the change could save 80 lives and prevent hundreds of injuries .
according to the times , he wrote : ` paradoxically , there seems to be more political resistance to this proposed change in scotland , which stands to gain disproportionately from the initiative , although the majority of people in scotland do not appear to be against it .
` however , in england , where the appetite for change is greater still , many more people are killed and injured because of the time zone misalignment that both countries suffer .
` it is the perceived resistance in scotland that is causing so many lives to be lost and diminished across the uk , and this could be a prime opportunity for the two governments to make thier decisions on this issue independently .
' yesterday it was announced that the drink drive limit will be cut from 80mg in every 100ml of blood to 50mg from december 5 in scotland , but not england and wales .
edmund king , president of the aa , also