a wall street investor who hoarded designer clothes and expensive silverware in his disheveled rent-controlled upper east side apartment left behind a massive $ 18 million fortune when he died last year .
but his widow of 10 years says she still ca n't find the documents that detail the fortune 's whereabouts because they 're buried under piles of paperwork and boxes .
lewis david zagor , who died in december at the age of 77 , made millions on wall street investing in cash and mutual funds but chose to live modestly in a relatively small , two-bedroom , rent-stabilized apartment on park avenue and 96th street east , for which he paid $ 1.641 a month .
this photo shows some of the massive quantity of stuff under which zagor 's widow says is buried evidence of his $ 18million fortune .
while he saved on flat expenses , zagor spent the sizable dividend checks he received from his investments going on shopping sprees at saks fifth avenue and traveling around the globe , according to dnainfo new york .
` you have no idea the amount of wealth that is in the apartment , ' valentina phillips-zagor , his third wife who was with him for the last 10 years of his life , told the website .
` the most important are the financial documents .
' she moved into a different apartment on fifth avenue and was in going through her husband 's flat and cleaning it out .
piles of paper , boxes and garbage litter the floor of zagor 's rent-controlled , two-bedroom , upper east side flat .
but before she could get to the home office , where zagor kept most of his financial information , in may the building 's management company , msmc residential realty , changed the locks because she owed rent and wanted to charge her market rates after zagor died , she said .
phillips-zagor , 68 , refused .
complicating the resolution of zagor 's finances further is the fact that he never made a will , though he apparently has no living relatives other than his wife .
even zagor 's bed is n't immune from the clutter of debris , collected over the 38 years he lived in the apartment .
msmc last month asked a manhattan judge to appoint a public