by .
lucy osborne .
published : .
20:46 est , 12 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:01 est , 13 march 2013 .
dr michael nixon , president and chairman of the nhs alliance , has said certain patients should be kept out of hospital as long as possible .
hospitals are dangerous places and only the most serious cases should be treated there , gps warned last night .
in an extraordinary attack on standards of care , the leaders of britain 's family doctors have called for a shift in the way the nhs is run to avoid a repeat of the mid staffordshire scandal .
the nhs alliance , which represents gps and other primary care staff , says many medical conditions could be better treated at patients ' homes .
dr michael dixon , president and chairman of the alliance , said : ` hospitals can be dangerous , particularly for older patients and those with long-conditions .
there is a risk of infection and nutrition is complicated for those who can not feed themselves .
` we should aim to keep them out of hospital for as long as possible .
` we need to work towards the point when acute hospital admissions should be regarded as a failure rather than a default position .
' tens of thousands of vulnerable and elderly patients should be treated in the community , the doctors say , where they will be more safe than in hospital .
the appeal follows the public inquiry into hundreds of avoidable deaths at stafford hospital .
in the appeal , sent to the times newspaper , the gp , along with his colleague dr chris drinkwater , also said the alliance will submit a five-point plan today to the nhs commissioning board - the new body responsible for the health service and whose chief executive is sir david nicholson .
meanwhile , the health expert appointed to instil a culture of ` zero harm ' in the nhs has said the health service can only be restored if there is a new culture that tolerates not a ` single injury ' .
professor don berwick , a former adviser to us president barack obama , says all staff should aspire to provide the ` safest health care in the world ' .
` assuring patient safety and