by .
becky evans .
panama has detained a north korean-flagged ship after it was found to be carrying undeclared weapons hidden underneath sugar containers , the country 's president said .
president ricardo martinelli said the ship , the chong chon gang , was intercepted as it approached the panama canal from cuba and as it was stopped the 35-man crew rioted and the captain tried to kill himself .
the ` sophisticated missile equipment ' , hidden in containers of brown sugar , was detected after panamanian authorities stopped the ship , suspecting it was carrying drugs .
martinelli said the undeclared military cargo appeared to include missiles and non-conventional arms and the ship was violating united nations resolutions against arms trafficking .
scroll down for video .
panama president ricardo martinelli tweeted this picture of what he said were undeclared weapons and later identified as outdated , soviet-era arms .
panama 's president ricardo martinelli announced the ship had been detained through twitter .
panamanian authorities have only .
searched one of the ship 's five cargo holds so far , said luis eduardo .
camacho , a spokesman for the president .
` this material not being declared and panama being a neutral country , a .
country in peace , that does n't like war , we feel very worried about this .
war material and we do n't know what else will have ... passed through .
the panama canal , ' martinelli said .
the governments of north korea and cuba have so far not commented on martinelli 's remarks .
hugh griffiths , an arms trafficking expert at the stockholm .
international peace research institute , said the seized ship is called .
chong chon gang and has been on the institute 's suspect list for some .
time .
he said the ship had been caught before for trafficking narcotics and .
small arms ammunition .
it was stopped in 2010 in the ukraine and was .
attacked by pirates 400 miles off the coast of somalia in 2009 .
griffiths ' institute has also been interested in the ship because of a .
stop it made in 2009 in tartus - a syrian port city hosting a russian .
naval base .
the vessel was pulled over near the port of manzanillo on the atlantic side of the canal .