intelligence chiefs are poring over footage of isis executioner ` jihadi john ' to establish if he really has been injured in a us bombing raid - but have received ` no evidence ' so far that he was among those hit .
the british killer , who orchestrated the horrific video showing the beheading of 16 syrian soldiers and the severed head of american hostage peter kassig , was said to have been wounded in the air strike on a convoy reported to have included isis mastermind abu bakr al-baghdadi .
but mailonline understands that intelligence officers have no confirmation yet that he was on the convoy -- or that he had been injured .
the foreign office has said it was aware of the ` report ' that he may have been injured but is awaiting confirmation .
the news comes as new footage emerged showing abdel-majed abdel bary - the london rapper who was suspected of being ` jihadi john ' until intelligence chiefs ruled him out - blasting police tactics while being interviewed by an australian news channel during the 2011 london riots .
scroll down for video .
militant : intelligence chiefs investigating claims isis killer ` jihadi john ' -lrb- pictured -rrb- had been injured in a us bombing raid have received ` no evidence ' so far that he was among those hit .
murdered : the murder of american aid worker peter kassig -lrb- pictured -rrb- this weekend was reportedly in revenge for the air raid on november 8 .
in the murder video , jihadi john appears not to be injured .
significantly the murder of former us ranger kassig -- the fifth killing of a western hostage ` jihadi john ' is shown taking part in -- appears to have been filmed after the us airstrike on november 8 .
the militant shows no obvious sign of injury and there has been speculation the killing of the muslim convert was in revenge for the convoy strike .
security officials also say it is unlikely that ` jihadi john ' would be allowed to travel with the isis leadership because his voice is so well known from the death videos where he spouts sickening jihadist propaganda .
voice recognition technology used by both british and us special forces could potentially identify him in a convoy triggering drone attack .
this weekend