a mister and miss gypsy competition has been launched in spain - and claims it will be a ` helping hand ' to young gypsies because it judges them on intelligence as well as just looks .
the pageant , which is currently auditioning in the spanish capital madrid , includes elements of beauty contests but also judges contests on their education , interests and ambitions .
according to organisers , the competition - particularly the female portion - is a response to the reduced opportunities which gypsies in spain received , and hopes to persuade girls that there is more to life than marrying young and having babies .
scroll down for video .
contestants : pictured are some of the hopefuls in the miss and mister gypsy 2014 contest being held in spain .
sign-ups : the young gypsy girls give details including their ambitions and education .
disadvantaged : figures have showed that gypsies in spain are much less likely to find work .
maria .
jimenez of the northern flamenco association is involved in organising the contest , which she hopes will encourages gypsy women to ` be a bit more independent ' .
she said : ` for a gypsy woman , the aim is always just to get married very young , at 14 or 15 , and have children .
i want the gypsy woman to study and .
become independent so she does n't depend on her husband to give her $ 10 so she can eat .
' figures have shown that a majority of .
gypsies leave school by 16 , and unemployment among spain 's 725,000 .
gypsies is as high as 36 per cent - 10 per cent higher than the national .
average .
photoshoot : contestants flocked to the initial auditions in madrid .
chances : one organiser of the contest said she wanted to encourage gypsy girls to be more independent .
measuring up : it is common for gypsy girls to marry aged 14 or 15 , and spend life as housewives .
perched on high heels in tight , bright .
dresses , crowds of girls line up hoping to become spain 's first ` miss .
gypsy ' in a new pageant aimed at empowering a neglected minority .
the five judges of the competition will be non-gypsies , and are supposed