by .
paul collins .
published : .
06:04 est , 27 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
16:07 est , 27 february 2014 .
former manchester united and leeds hard man johnny giles has labelled robin van persie a ` prat ' .
the ex-ireland midfielder-turned-tv pundit hit out at the holland striker but leant his support to under-fire manager david moyes who he believes should be given 18 months to make his mark on the squad .
giles read out on air on irish channel rte comments van persie made regarding team-mates occupying ` his zones ' and whether or not his comments show moyes ca n't cope with the superstars at old trafford .
night to forget : robin van persie takes off his united shirt after losing to olympiacos .
below par : van persie criticised some of his manchester united team-mates for ` sometimes ' occupying the spaces he wants to play but was blasted by tv pundit johnny giles .
giles said : ` it can also show you van persie is a prat .
` in other words -lsb- to the comments -rsb- he is not at fault .
right , he 's not at fault .
and i watched the game last night and he never tried a leg .
` moyes ca n't make him play .
he should be out there playing and doing his best .
that 's what all players should be doing , regardless of manager .
' while giles wanted moyes to be allowed .
more time to shape united , fellow pundit richie sadlier called on the .
league champions to cut the scot loose .
` moyes has shown in the last few .
months that he is completely out of his depth , ' said sadlier .
the former ireland striker says he can not .
imagine a scenario in which united , managed by moyes , will recover from .
the current malaise that sees them well off the pace in the premier .
league and in danger of champions league elimination .
` people are exaggerating how bad this united side are , ' sadlier insisted .
fellow pundit ronnie whelan pitched .
into the debate by declaring that defender rio ferdinand does not want to be at .
united and questioning why moyes does not follow the lead