by .
becky evans and ap reporter .
published : .
09:45 est , 27 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:25 est , 27 august 2013 .
president gerald ford recalled seeing a gun pointing at him during his attempted assassination by a charles manson disciple , according to his video testimony released for the first time yesterday .
the 38-year-old footage was used in the trial of lynette ` squeaky ' fromme , who was jailed for life in 1975 for trying to kill the 38th u.s. president with a colt .
45-caliber pistol .
the video was released by a federal court judge this week following a motion filed by a local historical group .
the case was the first in history featuring oral testimony from a sitting president in a criminal trial .
scroll down for video .
president gerald ford recalled his attempted assassination in a 38-year-old video released for the first time .
president ford recalled seeing the gun before being shielded by secret service staff -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
during the 20 minute video filmed in washington president ford calmly and carefully .
recalled the assassination attempt at a sacramento park .
he gestures gently with his .
hands in the footage and sips water as he answers questions from a lawyer about what .
began as a routine morning in september 1975 , before fromme pushed .
through a crowd on the street , drew a semi-automatic pistol and pointed .
it at ford .
the gun was not fired and ford was not hurt .
he said he noticed a ` weathered ' woman .
coming through a crowd of well-wishers and he stopped because he thought .
she wanted to speak to him but then he saw a large handgun .
ford told the lawyer a secret service agent lunged at fromme before he was ushered away by other staff .
in the taped testimony posted online by the sacramento bee , .
ford said he initially noticed a woman because of her brightly colored .
dress as he walked toward the building , where he planned to meet with .
the governor .
he said he was walking along next to assembled crowd and shaking hands and speaking to them .
watch the full testimony here .
charles manson disciple lynette ` squeaky ' fromme is arrested