by .
snejana farberov .
and meghan keneally .
published : .
09:37 est , 24 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:45 est , 24 december 2013 .
a college student who was abused by her biological parents has now found a surrogate mother for the holidays after posting a craigslist ad .
jackie turner , 26 , posted an ad on the online marketplace ` looking to rent a mom and dad who can give me attention and make me feel like the light of their life just for a couple of days because i really need it ' .
the response she received was overwhelming and she was flooded with letters from both prospective parents and other children who felt neglected and in need of some caring attention .
scroll down for video .
happy outcome : jackie turner has paired up with anita hermsmeier who works in student services at her school , william jessup university .
looking for some love : jackie received letters from dozens of would-be parents and other students who wanted similar experiences with caring adult mentors .
now she was not only able to find a match for herself but also one for six other students .
` this time of year is hard .
everyone is talking about their cousins , their families , all the things that make up christmas , ' jackie told cbs news .
jackie got paired up with anita hermsmeier , a woman who works in student services at jackie 's college , william jessup university .
` i 've found my mentor !
' jackie said when she and ms hermsmeier hugged at the mixer she arranged for the students and parents looking for love .
` people are hurting and broken and we need each other !
we need to be loving people , ' she said .
adding to the success , none of the would-be ` parents ' asked for the $ 8-per-hour that jackie offered to pay for their uninterrupted attention .
changing from her past : jackie , 26 , posted an ad on craigslist seeking to rent a family for the holidays at $ 8 an hour .
she has since received dozens of responses from people willing to take her in for free .
looking at the jovial , straight-a student from william jessup university