in a handwritten note to police scrawled while he was in a desperate bid to get out of jail , gable tostee has apologised for drink driving and admits to ` drowning myself with alcohol ' .
the one page letter , obtained by daily mail australia , was penned at queensland 's arthur gorrie correctional centre in a scrappy style with occasional spelling errors and includes an admission by tostee that ' i have a problem with binge drinking ' and that he has put people 's lives at risk .
written on november 11 , exactly a week before he was granted bail on strict conditions including not drinking alcohol , tostee 's note specifically apologises for drinking in the early hours of july 27 .
less than two weeks before the 28-year-old allegedly murdered warriena wright , who fell to her death from his 14th floor balcony , police detected tostee at 3am on the highway across the nsw border .
` it was a wake up call '' : gable tostee claims getting caught by police for high range drink driving on july 28 was the ` wake up call i needed ... before something worse happened ' .
twelve days later warriena wright -lrb- pcitured -rrb- fell to her death from his 14th floor balcony after a night of serious drinking .
' i am dangerous and drowning in alcohol ' : gable tostee 's handwritten note , penned in prison , confesses his serious binge drinking problem and the fact he has endangered people 's lives while drinking excessively .
he was ` travelling at high speed ' and when eventually he was stopped , in queensland , was charged with high range drink driving in an incident tostee describes in his handwritten note as ` immature and dangerous ' .
' i am completely ashamed of myself , ' he wrote , ' i ... put the lives of my friends , other road users and yourselves as officers at risk .
' i have disappointed myself and my family who have done their best to raise and support me .
since then i have finally come to accept that i have a problem with binge drinking and i am taking measures ... to deal with my issues in ways that do not involved drowning myself with alcohol .
` wittier on alcohol