chelsea clinton 's much-hyped debut as an nbc reporter last night was today slammed as ` monochromatic ' , ` nervous ' and showing ` no charisma ' .
the 31-year-old former first daughter chatted with rock center host brian williams on the nbc sofa and did a segment on a non-profit organisation .
some reviewers gave her the benefit of the doubt for first-night nerves but one suggested she could be ` one of the most boring people of her era ' .
scroll down for video .
boring : chelsea clinton 's much-hyped debut as an nbc reporter last month was slammed as ` monochromatic ' , ` nervous ' and showing ` no charisma ' presenter : her report was a feel-good piece from the topps center in the poverty-stricken pine bluff in jefferson county , arkansas .
dressed in a plain claret dress for .
the studio part , she was decidedly low key as she talked about the .
non-profit story and how she came to nbc .
she said : ` for most of my life , i did deliberately lead a private life and inadvertently led a public life .
' she credited her late grandmother , .
dorothy rodham , for convincing her to come out of the shadows and into .
the spotlight , reported politico .
miss clinton said : ` she recently had .
been cajoling me and challenging me to do more with my life , to lead a .
more of purposely public life .
` clinton ... seems like a very nice young woman .
she is obviously bright , although we already suspected she was that as well .
otherwise , there was nothing else that necessarily dismissed charges -lrb- mostly by tv critics , although they were not alone -rrb- that she got this job because of that name ' -lrb- verne gay , newsday -rrb- .
` the former first daughter appeared poised and well-prepared , though a bit nervous ' -lrb- caitlin mcdevitt , politico -rrb- .
` chelsea does n't `` pop '' off the screen , to use an industry term - her demeanour is reserved , she does n't project her voice like a broadcaster .
not that most viewers probably cared ' -lrb- howard kurtz , daily beast -rrb- .
` what was surprising to see on monday