by .
associated press .
published : .
20:20 est , 13 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
20:20 est , 13 may 2013 .
a man charged with killing three adults and a toddler on an eastern kansas farm made a brief appearance in a packed courtroom monday , but showed little emotion while a judge set a new court date .
kyle flack , 27 , has been held on $ 10 million bond in the franklin county jail since he was charged friday with capital murder in the deaths of 18-month-old lana leigh bailey ; her mother , kaylie bailey , 21 ; and andrew stout , 30 .
flack is also charged with multiple counts of first-degree murder in those deaths , as well as that of steven white , 31 .
the adults ' bodies were found early last week at an ottawa area farm home .
a body believed to be the toddler 's was found saturday in nearby osage county .
cold-blooded : kyle flack sits in court as its announced he 's being held in lieu of $ 10 million bond on the quadruple homicide charges .
shackled : flack was picked up for questioning about 50 miles from where kaylie bailey was found .
flack was picked up for questioning last week about 50 miles southwest of ottawa in emporia , where officers also found the car that kaylie bailey had been driving when she was last seen .
she and her child were reported missing from olathe on may 3 .
in court monday , four armed officers stood between flack and the small courtroom , which was overflowing with family and friends of the victims .
flack was shackled at the wrists and ankles , and appeared with his lawyer , ronald evans .
he waived having an initial preliminary hearing set in 15 days , and judge thomas sachse set it for july 8 instead .
evans declined additional comment after the hearing .
found : lana leigh bailey was found on saturday after an extensive search .
lana leigh bailey : 150 people were working to try to find the little girl .
authorities said in the complaint filed friday against flack that a firearm was used in the four deaths .
franklin county attorney stephen hunting , however , has declined to say if