referee neil swarbrick has apologised for wrongly sending off west brom 's gareth mcauley during his side 's 3-0 loss at manchester city .
mcauley was a victim of mistaken identity when he was shown a red card after craig dawson fouled wilfried bony in the second minute of the barclays premier league clash at the etihad stadium .
swarbrick has now admitted to his error in a statement from professional game match officials ltd , the organisation responsible for refereeing appointments .
referee neil swarbrick shows a red card to gareth mcauley -lrb- right -rrb- during the second minute of west brom 's match at manchester city .
but it was craig dawson who committed the original foul on wilfried bony .
west brom defender craig dawson makes a challenge on manchester city striker wilfried bony .
the ivorian striker tumbles to the ground under dawson 's challenge .
bt sport showed the incident from referee swarbrick 's perspective , with no 25 dawson the closest to him .
bony continues but gareth mcauley then comes in with a challenge of his own inside the area .
bony goes to ground again under mcauley 's challenge and the west brom player is sent off .
bony heads to the etihad stadium turf after being challenged by mcauley .
the west brom players protest as mcauley is shown the red card by referee swarbrick .
1 mcauley loses the ball inside his own half , with striker wilfried bony now bearing down on goal .
2 craig dawson comes across and makes the tackle , sending bony crashing to the ground .
3 referee neil swarbrick steps in , blowing his whistle to stop play .
4 but bony has picked himself up quickly and continues to run with the ball into the penalty area , clearly not having heard the whistle .
5 mcauley then comes back to put in another tackle on the city striker .
6 play finally stops and swarbrick beckons a player across to him .
dawson does not move , however , putting his hands on his leg .
7 instead , mcauley walks across to the referee and is then shown the red card .
8 mcauley can be seen saying ` it was n't me ' as players surround the referee .
but their protests are to no avail .
the statement