by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
15:46 est , 8 july 2012 .
| .
updated : .
21:11 est , 8 july 2012 .
sentenced : nooshin nedjah stabbed her cheating husband with a kitchen knife after sex .
a jealous wife lured her cheating husband into bed and plunged a knife through his heart after they had sex .
nooshin nedjah , 30 , became convinced that her husband medi sangachin had married someone else while he was visiting his family in iran .
she told mr sangachin , 36 , that she had a ` surprise ' for him before the attack .
on friday she was jailed for 11 years over the attack at the couple 's flat in leeds .
mr sangachin , 36 , suffered massive blood loss after the kitchen knife entered his heart and only survived the attack thanks to the skill of one of the country 's leading surgeons , dr patrick mcgoldrick .
nedjah was cleared of attempted murder after a trial at leeds crown court , but was convicted of wounding with intent .
the jury heard the couple are both originally from iran and married in june last year after starting a relationship in 2010 when they met on a bus .
they set up home at the first floor flat where neighbours got the impression they were not a happy couple .
in december last year mr sangachin visited his family in iran .
he told his wife he had been unfaithful to her and nedjah became increasingly jealous as she believed he had remarried during his trip .
the court heard nedjah persuaded her husband to come to bed on the afternoon of february 17 this year and they had sex .
afterwards she told him she had a ` surprise ' and told her husband to cover his eyes as they were naked in bed .
jonathan sharp , prosecuting , said : ` at that point she produced a sharp knife , which she had fetched from the kitchen , and plunged it with force into his chest , penetrating his heart and his left lung and narrowly missing the coronary artery .
' nedjah was sentenced at leeds crown court to 11 years in prison on friday .
nedjah , who came to the uk to study english , initially