sky watchers around the world enjoyed a treat last night in the form of an astonishing larger-than-average full moon .
the third and final ` supermoon ' of the summer lit up the sky , with stunning photographs showing the beauty of the rare occurrence .
it happens when a full or new moon coincides with the moon 's closest approach to earth , known as its perigee - the spot closest on its oval orbit .
the event has occurred two other times this summer , on july 12 and august 10 .
approximately every 14th full moon is a supermoon .
because last night 's moon was also the full moon that falls closest to the autumnal equinox , it was also a harvest moon .
the exact supermoon moment happened at 2.38 am uk time early this morning .
it was the fourth supermoon of this year , with the first on january 1 .
but it will be a long time before another similar sight is seen , with the next supermoon not happening until september 28 , 2015 .
scroll down for video .
catching the view : the final supermoon of 2014 rises over london last night , with a flight seen on its final approach to london heathrow airport .
looking up : the harvest moon hangs heavy in the sky as it rises over the roker lighthouse in sunderland , tyne and wear .
up in the air : an aeroplane is silhouetted against the third and final supermoon of the summer .
this photograph was taken from wimbledon , south-west london .
eerie sight : a union jack flutters in sight of the near full moon in whitehall in central london .
through the middle : the moon is glimpsed through the london eye over whitehall in central london .
what a view : the final supermoon of summer is seen here with the statue of the virgin mary on top the university of notre dame 's golden dome in south bend , indiana .
romantic setting : a couple sitson a bluff overlooking the missouri river in kansas city as the full moon rises in the distance last night .
photo opportunity : a spectator takes a picture of the supermoon with his mobile phone camera from the top of skinner butte in eugene , oregon .
howl : a