by .
jenny hope medical correspondent .
drug : abiraterone -lrb- pictured -rrb- , a pill that gives at least four months of extra life , is given to patients after chemo , when they are running out of options .
the nhs rationing body is refusing to give men with prostate cancer a drug that can delay the need for chemotherapy .
abiraterone , a pill that gives at least four months of extra life , is given to patients after chemo , when they are running out of options .
but thousands could benefit from taking it earlier , since it has fewer side effects than chemotherapy and improves quality of life .
the national institute of health and care excellence -lrb- nice -rrb- today says in final draft guidance that it will not approve such use on the nhs .
campaigners and doctors have condemned the decision , saying it is another example of nice limiting treatment options for cancer sufferers .
they fear that innovative treatments in the pipeline do n't stand a chance of getting approved under the rationing system , and that promised changes next year will actually worsen the situation .
they also claim it is ` illogical ' to prevent men being treated with abiraterone earlier in the disease , when the nhs is already picking up the bill for treatment after chemotherapy .
owen sharp , chief executive of prostate cancer uk said ` it 's a fiasco .
this decision is a kick in the teeth for men with advanced prostate cancer .
` for many this presented a vital opportunity for extra time with loved ones and a chance to delay chemotherapy and the debilitating side effects which come with it .
' hugh gunn , treasurer of the prostate cancer charity tackle , added : ` we 're so distraught that nice keep limiting these life saving drugs for men with no other life lines , with seemingly no evidence to support their decisions .
' doctors at the institute of cancer .
research in london , where the drug was discovered , said the decision .
showed the system operated by nice was not fit for purpose -- the same .
charge made last week when the breast cancer drug kadcyla was blocked .
angry : thousands of patients could benefit from taking the drug earlier ,