by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
21:54 est , 28 august 2012 .
| .
updated : .
21:54 est , 28 august 2012 .
google is now attempting to ease the concerns of shareholders who fear that apple may now target them after the success of the patent lawsuit against samsung .
the search engine giant issued a statement in the wake of the $ 1billion victory that apple won from a california court , saying that the portions of samsung 's smartphones which were found to be copied do not apply to their software .
if that is the case , then apple will have no case against google .
` the court of appeals will review both infringement and the validity of the patent claims .
most of these do n't relate to the core android operating system , and several are being re-examined by the us patent office , ' google officials said in a statement on monday .
last week a californian court decided that apple 's .
ipad was copied by samsung electronics ' galaxy tablet 10.1 -lrb- right -rrb- and .
that the south korean firm must pay over $ 1 billion in damages .
google provided their android .
operating system to companies like samsung for free , and allowed the .
companies themselves to make their own tweaks to the software .
` the mobile industry is moving fast .
and all players -- including newcomers -- are building upon ideas that .
have been around for decades .
we work with our partners to give .
consumers innovative and affordable products , and we do n't want anything .
to limit that , ' the statement continued .
wired reports that many software .
analysts agree with google 's statement , and their argument that any .
infringement claims came from the individual phone companies themselves .
and not google .
scorched earth : steve jobs was said to promise ` thermonuclear war ' against google after then-ceo eric schmidt -lrb- right -rrb- was on apple 's board when google released their android software .
there is reason for the company to be .
somewhat nervous , however , because it would be shortselling it to say .
that google and apple had a frosty relationship .
the android software first came out on the market when