by .
simon tomlinson .
published : .
08:36 est , 1 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:37 est , 1 april 2013 .
armed robber john cadby broke out of prison in a desperate bid to see his cancer-stricken grandson fearing he might never see him again .
an armed robber who broke out of prison in a desperate bid to see his cancer-stricken grandson has been jailed for just six more months after a judge said his case was ` exceptional ' .
john cadby scaled a 10ft wall after being denied home leave to visit the toddler .
the child 's family were considering sending him to america for treatment and cadby feared he would never see the 22-month-old again , a court heard .
cadby , of no fixed address , spent 11 days on the run after escaping from hmp sudbury in derbyshire on january 21 .
he was serving a six-year sentence imposed in october 2010 for a botched robbery in sutton coldfield , birmingham .
on that occasion , police responding to reports of a man armed with an axe in boldmere road restrained cadby after he jumped into a passing car and ordered the terrified driver to help him flee .
cadby , who was recaptured at a house in tile cross , birmingham , admitted escaping from custody at birmingham crown court .
but he received only an extra six months in jail after judge stuart rafferty qc decided the case was ` exceptional ' .
the judge told cadby : ' i accept entirely that it had weighed heavily on your mind that your grandson was ill and may go to america and you may never see him again .
' the court heard cadby had also been sent to the higher-security birmingham prison after he was tracked down .
warren stanier , prosecuting , said cadby escaped after grappling with a guard at sudbury , an open prison .
cadby scaled a 10ft wall at hmp sudbury in derbyshire after being denied home leave to visit the 22-month-old toddler .
anthony potter , defending , said his grandson had been at birmingham children 's hospital since last october .
the boy had a particularly aggressive form of cancer and it had been proposed to send him to the u.s. , mr potter added .
he said