are you a messy eater , who always ends up with bits of food or stains splattered on their clothing ?
then perhaps a new pocket washing machine - believed to be the world 's smallest - is the answer to your problems .
the newly designed coton handy washer , produced by chinese electronics firm haier , is the same-size as an electric shaver and can remove anything from dirt to those dreaded red wine stains , according to people 's daily online .
scroll down for video .
the handy device can be fitted in a pocket and targets those troublesome stains such as blood , dirt and wine .
the coton device is 176mm high and weighs 200g - the pocket-size gadget is powered by three aaa batteries .
it is powered by three aaa batteries and aims to prevent those frustratingly long waits in the dry cleaners by targeting troublesome stains such as coffee , grass or oil .
the device , created by aqua -lrb- a subsidiary of haier group in china -rrb- , is already flying off the shelves in japan where it costs 10,800 yen or # 60 .
the portable gadget - which weighs just 200g - uses a method called ` squeeze washing ' which removes stains in 30 seconds .
it works by first applying liquid detergent on a piece of kitchen paper , before washing over it with the nozzle of the coton device .
it then pumps a small amount of water over the stain at 700 beats a minute .
the newly designed gadget has already gone on sale in japan , where it is proving very popular on the market .
the hand held device uses a method called ` squeeze washing ' which removes stains in 30 seconds .
although this pocket-sized device is thought to be the smallest washing machine created , it is not the first invention aimed at cleaning clothes on the go .
in 2013 , australian ash newland created the ` scrubba ' , a small bag that can wash laundry in just five minutes .
the # 41 wash bag , which looks like nothing more than an average canvas bag , is made from a waterproof material and contains a flexible washboard which cleans away any dirt .
when three litres of water , liquid soap , and