by .
sam greenhill , louise eccles and francesca infante .
published : .
15:06 est , 5 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:20 est , 6 february 2013 .
no care : gloria foster , 81 , was found close to death after being left for nine days without treatment when police closed down the care agency looking after her .
a widow of 81 starved to death after she was ` forgotten about ' by the care system for nine days .
stroke victim gloria foster depended on agency nurses who visited her home four times a day for food , water and medication .
but after the agency was closed down last month -- for allegedly employing illegal immigrants -- her council did nothing to look after her .
when someone eventually went to her home , in banstead , surrey , on january 24 , they found that mrs foster had all but wasted away .
she was severely dehydrated , suffering kidney failure , had serious bed sores and only a faint pulse .
she was taken to epsom hospital but died on monday .
surrey police are now investigating the circumstances surrounding her death after a raid on the company that had been looking after her .
she had been receiving help in her own home in banstead , surrey , from carefirst24 , but surrey county council became responsible for her care after a number of its workers were arrested last month following a uk border agency -lrb- ukba -rrb- raid .
yesterday her friends said what happened to her had been ` appalling ' and demanded answers from surrey county council , the local authority responsible for her care .
ann penston , from sutton , said : ` how on earth could this have been allowed to happen ?
` how can they just close this thing down and not identify the people they were supposed to be taking care of ?
` she did not deserve to go out like this -- in agony with a total feeling of being lost .
' mrs foster 's mp , conservative crispin blunt , described her ordeal as ` horrific ' .
he said : ` clearly there are questions to answer and i would expect a comprehensive investigation between all of the agencies involved .
' mrs foster