by .
kate lyons for daily mail australia .
a five-bedroom , georgian revival residence in camberwell , with a tennis court and saltwater swimming pool was the top sale in melbourne over the weekend , fetching $ 3.28 million at auction .
the property at 589 riversdale road , which features a marble tiled entrance , executive study with wall-to-wall shelves , and connoisseur 's caesarstone kitchen , and is accessed by a long driveway lined by manchurian pear trees .
the property sold at auction , despite the auction rate slipping slightly in melbourne compared to last week .
there was a preliminary clearance rate of 64.1 percent in melbourne this weekend compared with 73.3 percent last week , reported the australian financial review .
scroll down for video .
the camberwell property , which has a tennis court and saltwater swimming pool , was the top sale in melbourne over the weekend , fetching $ 3.28 million at auction .
the melbourne home features a marble tiled entrance , executive study with wall-to-wall shelves , and connoisseur 's caesarstone kitchen .
the driveway of the home is lined with manchurian pear trees and the home is set back from the road on the l-shaped block .
auction clearance rates dipped slightly over the weekend in all capital cities except sydney , where it remained at 76.2 percent , the same as the previous week .
the clearance rate across the nation 's capitals was 66.7 percent this weekend , according to preliminary reports from rp data , down from 70.8 percent last weekend and 70 percent this time last year .
the second most expensive sale was a four-bedroom , three-bathroom home on nelson road , south melbourne , which went under the hammer for $ 3.25 million , according to domain group data .
the renovated 1880s double-fronted home has american oak floors , a six metre marble bench and a 108 bottle wine cellar , as well as indoor-outdoor showers .
a property at st kilian street , hampton , which was bought for $ 2.62 million by expats in kuala lumpur was the third most expensive sale in melbourne .
the five-bedroom , four-bathroom house has a full miele kitchen , butler 's pantry , as well as swimming pool , outdoor shower , and pool access room .
this four-bedroom , three-bathroom home