a mother has described how she heard a doctor asking her husband about switching off her life-support as she lay in a medically-induced coma after collapsing from a rare condition .
jenny bone , who was feared to have catastrophic brain damage after going into cardiac arrest , lay listening to the life-or-death conversation but was paralysed and unable to intervene .
she recalls her husband john ruling out ending her life -- despite a previous conversation when she said she wanted to die if incapacitated permanently .
the 40-year-old later recovered and now says she is relieved he went against her wishes .
near death : jenny bone , 40 , pictured , was in a coma in hospital but heard doctors discuss ending her life only for her husband to refuse to switch off her life support machine .
much-loved : mrs bone , pictured with her son david and husband john , had said she would want her life support switched off , but mr bone refused to give up on her .
` i was aware of conversations around me , ' she said .
` the most frequent one was being turned in the bed .
a familiar `` ready , steady , turn '' would come from the nurses .
` the most alarming was between a doctor and my husband enquiring as to my wishes surrounding being kept alive on a ventilator and that they were unsure whether my mental ability had been impaired due to lack of oxygen while they were attempting to restart my heart .
starting again : a year on from her near-death experience mrs bone is back at work and also took part in a charity run , pictured .
` there was an agreement that i should continue to be kept on the ventilator to give a chance for an mri scan to be done to see if i had any brain function .
` i was not even responding to a basic reflex test , which is why the doctor thought i was not going to have a chance of recovery .
i am very pleased my husband gave me that extra time .
' mrs bone , a government building surveyor , felt pins and needles in her legs on march 14 last year but still went to work .
she was alone in a