at 18 years old , christie swadling 's biggest concern should be her subject quota at university .
but instead she is battling an ongoing eating disorder and advocating a healthy diet to other young sufferers .
` photoshopped adverts of models like miranda kerr definitely started off my body image issues because you think that 's how you 're meant to be , ' christie told daily mail australia .
' i became skinnier than those models and because of my disease , stopped thinking about the models altogether and became obsessed with just losing more and more weight .
' the social media motivator has had over 630,000 views on her ` anorexia nervosa nearly killed me ' video on youtube and has more than 8,000 followers on instagram , illustrating her arduous journey from anorexia to finally gaining weight and then her changing her relationship with food .
scroll down for video .
christie 's weight dwindled to just 31 kilograms before she was hospitalised and then began to gain weight .
as a young girl , christie was bullied for being ` chubby ' and told to ` go back to maccas ' christie wants to tell her story to others in order to motivate them to improve their quality of life .
she collapsed due to malnutrition on her 17th birthday and was in and out of hospital constantly .
christie 's struggle began in primary school when she was bullied for being ` chubby ' due to her unhealthy diet .
` my family never had a healthy diet , i was always the kid that everyone was jealous of as i had the chocolate , the chips , the mcdonald 's , ' she said .
' i got chubby at a young age and was bigger than all my friends .
' the teenager from east gosford , new south wales , about an hour and half north of sydney , was mocked for her weight and called names like ` thick ' and was constantly told by high school bullies to ` go back to maccas .
' it was at this time that christie began to exercise .
she had no energy and a terrible relationship with food and even stopped being able to get out of bed .
christie is pictured here -lrb- left -rrb- at one of her