by .
louise boyle .
and lydia warren .
tragedy : authorities have confirmed that the remains avonte oquendo , 14 , have been found .
human remains found washed up on a new york beach do belong to missing autistic teenager avonte oquendo , the new york city medical examiner 's office has confirmed .
the identification of the remains , using dna taken from the 14-year-old 's family , was made as his mother , vanessa fontaine , said she plans to file a wrongful death lawsuit against the city .
attorney david perecman said he will file .
the legal claim on behalf of the family of avonte , whose .
remains were found at the edge of the east river last week .
a decomposed torso , left arm , legs and a sneaker .
were found on a northern queens beach last thursday and authorities said .
the clothes were similar to those worn by the 14-year-old when he went .
missing in october .
the city 's medical examiner 's office announced on tuesday that the remains belong to avonte , but said it needed further time to determine the cause and manner of his death .
mr perecman said ms fontaine was inconsolable after being notified of the findings on tuesday afternoon .
the news brings the three-month search for the missing student to a devastating conclusion for his family , who had rallied hundreds of volunteers to try to find him after he ran away from riverview high school in long island city on october 4 .
the family first said in october that they would sue the city claiming he was not supervised properly .
on monday , the family said that , if the body was identified as avonte 's , they feared foul play because it was wearing unfamiliar underwear .
the family 's lawyer , mr perecman , told the new york post that he is concerned about the large fruit of the loom underwear found on the remains because avonte did n't wear ` large ' and wore only the hanes brand .
scroll down for video .
search : an arm , torso and legs were discovered along the queens shoreline on thursday and authorities said the clothes found were similar to those worn by avonte when he vanished three months ago .
investigation : the