tragedy : stephanie becker fell to her death from the top floor of a luxury apartment building in new york .
a 28-year-old ivy league-educated business consultant has fallen to her death from a luxury new york apartment building .
stephanie becker died after plummeting 30 stories from the roof of the building in the city 's exclusive chelsea neighbourhood .
ms becker , who worked for ibm and had a degree from the university of pennsylvania and an mba from new york stern - fell to her death yesterday morning , according to the police .
she fell from the roof of 55 west 26th street at about 8:15 am , but did not leave a note before her fall , according to the police .
originally from stamford , connecticut , ms becker worked as a strategy .
consultant for the software firm , and was active within the jewish community .
her facebook page reveals a popular young woman who travelled the world .
her photographs show that she has traveled across the globe , taking trips to singapore , and traveling to israel on jewish program birthright .
ms becker attended westhill high .
school in stamford , before going to college and then joining ibm in july .
2006 .
fun loving : ms becker had more than 1,500 friends on facebook and was described by friends as sweet and outgoing .
horror : ms becker fell 30 stories from the high-rise in chelsea , landing outside the building 's fifth floor gym .
she earned her mba while employed with the firm , according to the new york post .
ms becker posted a message on facebook .
saying : ' i chew gum louder than you talk .
but do n't ask me to quiet .
down .
i am no negative nancy -lrb- sic -rrb- .
i roll with the punches .
' she also listed some of her favourite quotations on the site , which included the phrase , ` cute citayyyyyyy .
' ms becker volunteered to help jewish students at the university of pennsylvania and other universities , according the post .
at work , she was experienced with advertising within video games , and even helped write a piece appearing in adweek in 2008 .
friends and family described her as sweet and friendly .
rabbi menachem schmidt