this is the terrifying moment a skydiver 's parachute opened too early , leaving him just inches away from a deadly tangle with a helicopter 's rotor blades .
the dramatic footage shows how thrill-seeker james dobb had been preparing to leap from the helicopter when his parachute became tangled up in the aircraft , thousands of feet from the ground .
mr dobb , 22 , is then seen to desperately hack away at his main parachute before bravely jumping with only his reserve canopy .
scroll down for video .
terrifying : dramatic footage shows the moment 22-year-old thrill seeker james dobb 's parachute opened too early as he prepared to jump , leaving him just inches away from a potentially fatal tangle with the blades of a helicopter .
scare : skydiver mr dobb had been preparing to leap from the helicopter when his loose parachute became tangled up in the aircraft , thousands of feet from the ground .
brave : mr dobb was directed by the quick-thinking skydiving crew to cut away his opened parachute and jump using his reserve equipment .
although mr dobb made the jump , the drama was not over as the others on board were left trying to haul the loose parachute back inside the helicopter before it could become tangled in the blades and become a flight risk for the aircraft .
after several frantic minutes , they eventually managed to haul the parachute back into the helicopter , which was then able to land safely .
james , from llandrindod wells , wales , revealed that the equipment he used was rented , and therefore he was unaware who had packed it .
leap to safety : mr dobb is shown jumping using his reserve parachute , with the discarded equipment still tangled up in the helicopter .
back down to earth : the 22-year-old 's quick-thinking and bravery has earned him praise throughout the skydiving community .
desperate : others on board were left trying to haul the loose canopy before it got sucked into the rotor blades .
his quick-thinking and bravery has earned him praise throughout the skydiving community .
he said : ` before kitting up i performed all the usual checks including a check on the pin .
` upon exiting of the helicopter i felt what i thought was a tap on