prime minister tony abbott appears headed for another showdown with critics within his own party .
it has been reported that everyone except ministers will be banned from the room when mr abbott leads a cabinet meeting next week , to allow for ` gloves off ' discussions about his leadership .
advisers and other staff would be asked to leave the room and there would be no recording or note taking of the discussions , seven news reports , citing unnamed sources .
the sources said mr abbott 's leadership and the direction of the government will be discussed as favour grows for either malcolm turnbull or julie bishop to take the reins .
scroll down for video .
a secret cabinet meeting to take place at 5pm on monday is expected to discuss prime minister tony abbott 's leadership and the direction of the government .
however , neither mr turnbull , the communications minister , or ms bishop , the foreign minister , are giving any hint of their stance .
mr turnbull recently told reporters ` i 'll leave you guys to speculate about all that sort of stuff ' , while ms bishop said she would n't answer ` hypothetical questions ' about running against the prime minister .
how mr abbott will react to the call for a private meeting at 5pm on monday is not known , however sources have revealed that at the last challenge to his leadership on february 9 , the prime minster attempted to ignore the spill by skipping straight to general business discussions .
despite ministers quickly moving the discussion to mr abbott 's performance , a vote on whether there should be a leadership contest was defeated 61 to 39 and no challenger emerged .
everyone but cabinet ministers will be demanded to leave the room for the meeting , including advisers and note takers .
senior sources claim favour continues to grow for either malcolm turnbull -lrb- right -rrb- or julie bishop -lrb- left -rrb- to take the reins , however both ministers refuse to fuel talk of another leadership challenge .
on friday mr abbott completely dismissed heated speculation that he will be dumped by his colleagues , when asked whether he expected to be in his job by the end of next week .
` other people can obsess about this kind of insider