by .
ellie zolfagharifard .
published : .
08:26 est , 12 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
10:12 est , 12 march 2014 .
the world 's leading space agency is looking for asteroid hunters to help save the planet - and you could help .
nasa is offering up to $ 35,000 -lrb- # 21,000 -rrb- over the next six months to anyone who is able develop computer code that can identify life-threatening asteroids .
by mining talent from the general public , the space agency hopes to spot dangerous space rocks such as the one that saw off the dinosaurs 66 million years ago .
nasa is offering up to $ 35,000 -lrb- # 21,000 -rrb- over the next six months to anyone who is able develop computer code that can identify life-threatening asteroids .
the bounty is part of its asteroid data hunter contest which plans to reduce the number of false positives found in images from ground-based telescopes .
over the past two decades , nasa has been looking for dangerous near-earth asteroids larger than 1km in size , and claims to have found 98 per cent of them .
but existing asteroid detection systems can only track one per cent of the estimated objects that orbit the sun , according to asteroid mining firm planetary resources , who is partnering with nasa on the project .
in a session at the sxsw conference in texas , nasa scientist jason kessler said : ` the likelihood of something hitting us in the future is pretty guaranteed , although we 're not freaking out that there is an imminent threat .
' the bounty is part of its asteroid data hunter contest which plans to reduce the number of false positives found in images from ground-based telescopes .
scientists have warned of a possible asteroid collision with the earth this month .
an asteroid around two-thirds of a mile wide -lrb- 1.2 km -rrb- could hit the earth on march 21 and has been classified as ` an event meriting careful monitoring '' by astronomers .
but they say the probability of the asteroid hitting earth is just 1 in 909,000 and the risk of impact is likely to decrease as they collect more information .
the newly-discovered asteroid , known as 2003 qq47 , has a mass of around 2,600 million tons -lrb-