the bayern munich squad flew back to germany on thursday the day after suffering a surprise defeat by porto in the champions league quarter-final first leg .
a glum-looking thomas muller , manuel neuer and pep guardiola were pictured at the airport ready to board their flight back to bavaria after their 3-1 loss at the estadio dragao on wednesday .
the defeat was the price the five-time european champions paid for a string of injuries and a tired squad that has not stopped playing , chief executive karl-heinz rummenigge said .
thomas muller , xabi alonso and the rest of the squad get off the bus at the airport before returning to germany .
a glum-looking pep guardiola prepares to board the flight in portugal with his depleted squad .
goalkeeper manuel neuer and guardiola make their way on to the plane as they return to bavaria after defeat .
bayern , chasing a treble of domestic and european titles , travelled with only 15 outfield players to portugal for their quarter-final first leg leaving injured arjen robben , franck ribery , bastian schweinsteiger and david alaba , among others , behind .
' i am not prepared to criticise the team , ' rummenigge said in post-midnight banquet .
` there are 13 or 14 players who are at the moment healthy and have been playing three times a week .
' bayern have been cruising towards the bundesliga title with a 10-point advantage as the injuries seem to hardly affect them domestically .
guardiola can not believe it as he sees his side beaten 3-1 by porto in the quarter-final first leg on wednesday .
neuer looks exasperated as the german champions concede their second goal of the game after 10 minutes .
` but there comes a day when you are a little bit tired , when your legs feel heavy and when you lack some of your concentration , ' rummenigge said .
a lack of concentration certainly contributed to the three goals they conceded , each coming from an individual defensive mistake .
what had been for much of the season their strongest asset - bayern conceded just four goals in their first 17 bundesliga games - was on wednesday their achilles heel .
jerome boateng , xabi alonso and dante , all lost possession or control near the box , allowing the portuguese