by .
rebecca camber .
published : .
18:58 est , 22 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:40 est , 23 december 2013 .
police are to investigate nigella lawson over her admission that she took cocaine and smoked cannabis in front of her children .
in an extraordinary turnaround , the celebrity cook could now face the prospect of being formally interviewed by officers over her evidence .
last week , when her former assistants francesca and elisabetta grillo were acquitted of defrauding her and ex-husband charles saatchi , scotland yard appeared reluctant to act .
facing probe : nigella lawson arriving at isleworth crown court in london where she gave evidence in the trial of two former personal assistants who worked for her and charles saatchi .
in a statement , it said : ` at this stage the metropolitan police will not be investigating these allegations .
' but in the wake of stinging criticism , a senior commander at the metropolitan police gave an interview in which he suggested police would pursue the matter with fresh vigour .
commander stephen watson said officers would be working with prosecutors to examine the ` implications ' of what miss lawson and her aides said under oath .
he promised the yard would devote ` specialist resources ' to examine all the evidence in what could be a protracted review .
dismissing the earlier statement , he said : ` frankly , i do n't think the full colour of the metropolitan police service 's position was conveyed in that statement .
we will use specialist resources from within the metropolitan police service to examine all the evidence which emerged as part of a review into this matter .
` at some point , once that review is concluded , presumably in conjunction with the crown prosecution service , we will determine a way forward .
` part and parcel of that review we will undertake will be to look at all aspects of the testimony that was given in the trial , which is now public knowledge , and will reveal itself in the transcripts of the trial .
sisters elisabetta -lrb- left -rrb- and francesca grillo , the two former personal assistants cleared of defrauding nigella lawson and charles saatchi .
` there are implications in terms of what has been said during the