by .
paul donnelley .
there was a great deal of optimism when developers began construction on the al-waha shopping complex but now it lies abandoned and uncompleted , its fountain arid rather than spectacular , host not to shoppers buying the latest must-haves but to refugees from president assad and the civil war in syria .
the building lies outside tripoli in northern lebanon is now home to more than a thousand residents who pay rent to the building 's owners .
they try to make it homely and have hooked up rusty satellite dishes to old television sets .
there is a small local shop but not everyone has the money to spend in there .
families of sometimes more than a dozen members bed down in what should have been an electronics shop or a fashion boutique and try their best to scrape a living to pay their rent .
al-waha shopping arcade in syria is a home to more than 1,000 refugees rather than a plush chopping centre outside tripoli , nortthern lebanon .
al-waha : its fountain is arid rather than spectacular , its stairs crumbling and the residents have rusty satellite dishes connected to old television sets .
the shopping arcade sits on a hill overlooking the mediterranean in beautiful countryside .
not long after the families began moving in , the owners arrived to demand money even there are no real facilities .
the rents are based on where in the shopping arcade the families live -- those on the ground floor pay $ 100 a month while those on the more desirable higher storeys are charged up to $ 250 , according to a video report in cnn .
one resident , saleh habib , lives with 12 of his relatives in a single room , sleeping on thin mattresses .
` the worst part is the boredom , ' he told cnn anchor hala gorani .
` we could n't find any place better .
a real flat costs at least $ 500 a month .
' the shopping arcade boasts a rooftop restaurant -- cornelia 's -- and a fully equipped gym but none of the residents use it as the owners have locked and bolted its doors .
speaking later , cnn 's ms gorani said : ` refugees tell me that once they 'd settled into the mall