by .
kieran corcoran .
gary glitter has appeared at crown court accused of plying a schoolgirl with alcohol so he could have sex with her .
the former pop star faces a string of charges relating to alleged sex offences against two under-age girls in the late 1970s and early 1980s .
the 70-year-old sat in the dock at london 's southwark crown court but struggled to hear through a hearing loop as he was asked by the court clerk to confirm his name .
scroll down for video .
difficulty hearing : glitter , pictured arriving at southwark crown court in london today , was asked for confirm his real name - paul gadd - but struggled to understand .
addressing the former singer , who appeared in court under his real name paul gadd , judge alistair mccreath asked : ` mr gadd , can you hear me now ?
' glitter replied : ` i 'm sorry , i ca n't .
' the judge said : ` it sounded like you just did .
` we wanted to know if you were paul gadd but we know who you are .
' looking tanned and sporting a white goatee beard , glitter was allowed to leave the dock and sit behind his defence barrister for the rest of the hearing .
he sat with his hands cupping his ears as the court heard a plea and case management hearing would take place on august 20 .
dressed in a dark pin-striped suit with a black polka dot handkerchief , blue stripped jumper , black scarf and wearing glasses , glitter removed his black fedora hat for the hearing .
he also took off a pair of tinted glasses after being told to wear ` normal spectacles ' for the hearing when he appeared at westminster magistrates ' court earlier this month .
glitter , from marylebone in central london , is accused of eight charges , with six relating to one girl and two to another .
he is accused of four counts of indecent assault against the first alleged victim , who was aged 12 or 13 at the time , between january 1977 and december that year .
glitter is accused of administering a drug - ` namely alcohol ' - with the intention to ` stupefy or overpower ' the girl to