two armed robbers have been caught on camera using a sledgehammer and an axe to try and smash their way into a jewellery shop .
the raiders were foiled by a brave employee who barricaded the door to the premises , and they proceeded to flee on a motorbike .
a passer-by captured photographs of the two criminals , and police have now appealed for the public to help them identify the offenders .
raid : one of two robbers who used a sledgehammer and an axe to try and break in to a jewellery shop .
the attempted break-in took place in pemberton , a suburb of wigan in greater manchester , on saturday afternoon .
one of the raiders used a sledgehammer to smash through an internal wooden door and the other used a axe to smash security glass at uncle jewellers and pawn brokers .
when a worker barricaded the door and pushed one of them back through the broken window they fled the scene , threatening a member of the public with the axe as they did so .
greater manchester police are now investigating whether the incident is linked to a similar break-in at another wigan jeweller last week , which also involved a motorbike and a sledgehammer .
getaway : the two criminals used motorbikes to escape from the scene in wigan , greater manchester .
detective sergeant pete carletti said : ` this attempted robbery happened in broad daylight on a busy saturday afternoon in pemberton town centre .
` it caused a lot of commotion and i have no doubt there are lots of potential witnesses who saw what happened and could have vital information for us .
` we have obtained a large number of names of members of the public present in the area at the relevant time but i would ask for those people who have not yet spoken to police to contact us .
` the shop worker showed incredible bravery in the face of adversity to hold these two thieves back and i would like to commend them for their actions .
vehicle : one of the motorcycles used by the raiders , who were caught on camera by a bystander .
' i would also like to thank the member of the public who was brave enough to take photos of the offenders , although we