gareth bale should stay at real madrid and forget about returning to the premier league says his international manager chris coleman .
bale 's future has been the subject of much debate since real fans began booing the world 's most expensive player at the bernabeu , while the madrid media have accused him of being ` lazy ' and a ` ball hog ' in trying to shoot for goal rather than pass to colleagues .
team-mate cristiano ronaldo has also shown his displeasure over the welshman 's supposed selfishness and the portuguese forward reacted petulantly when bale scored last weekend - his double in a 2-0 win over levante as he netted his first goals in 10 games .
gareth bale covers his ears as he celebrates his goal for real madrid against levante on sunday .
bale charges forward with the ball past levante 's tono garcia during sunday 's la liga clash .
bale responded to his first goal by covering his ears with his hands - seen as a sign that he was not listening to the criticism - and kicking the corner flag , and it has led to fevered speculation that he could return home to the barclays premier league this summer .
jose mourinho 's chelsea have been linked with bringing the former tottenham player back to london and it has been suggested that manchester united could swap him for their madrid-born goalkeeper david de gea .
but wales manager coleman said : ` he should stay where he is .
` chelsea are a huge club and have been successful as are manchester united - but real madrid is real madrid .
` gareth 's good enough to win the big trophies , play on the big stage and play with the biggest club .
bale kicks the corner flag as he celebrates his goal at the santiago bernabeu .
` it is different from manchester united or chelsea because while there is pressure on them to perform in every game , at madrid it is almost like a show and there has to be entertainment .
` you have to be one of the best to play for them and , in my opinion , gareth is good enough to win trophies and entertain at real madrid at the highest level .
' despite bale 's difficult start to 2015