by .
steve robson .
published : .
09:05 est , 26 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:30 est , 26 april 2013 .
a 49-year-old woman has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a car ploughed into four people outside a kebab shop .
two men and two children , 12 and 14 , were injured during the incident in redfield , bristol , at around 6.40 pm last night .
one of the men remains in frenchay hospital with potentially ` life-changing ' lower leg injuries while the other three are not thought to be serious .
paramedics attend to casualties after two men and two children were hit by a vauxhall corsa .
witnesses reported hearing ' a very loud bang ' as the vauxhall corsa smashed into the kebab shop .
witnesses reported hearing a ` very loud bang ' before the black vauxhall corsa smashed into antalya kebab on marsh lane .
three ambulances , paramedics in a rapid response vehicle , a hazardous area team and critical care team attended the casualties , and a fire engine was called to help make the building safe .
a resident , who asked not to be named , said the most seriously injured man lived on the street and had been shopping at an off license next door to the kebab shop .
he said : ` we heard a very loud bang .
we rushed out of the house to see what had happened and saw a car just outside the kebab shop .
` the glass was smashed and it looked like the car had gone through the front window .
' one man has suffered potentially ` life-changing ' injuries to his lower legs and is still being cared for in hospital .
firefighters were called in to the scene who helped make sure the building did not collapse .
' i saw the man lying on the ground - his leg was smashed and there was blood on the road .
other people were injured too , it was quite chaotic .
' avon and somerset police spokesman wayne baker said : ` we were called to an incident involving a car in marsh lane , redfield at about 6.40 pm last night .
` the vehicle was involved with a collision with a group of four