a german church pastor in andreas lubitz 's hometown insisted yesterday that the community stands by the killer co-pilot , as well as his family .
pastor michael dietrich , from the lutheran church in montabaur , spoke out following the fatal crash that claimed the lives of 150 people .
among the dead in the french alps disaster was 27-year-old lubitz , who investigators say deliberately flew the plane into a mountain last tuesday .
scroll down for video .
priest : michael dietrich , of the lutheran church in co-pilot andeas lubitz 's hometown of montabaur , said the community stands by his family .
arrivals : mr dietrich -lrb- right -rrb- welcomes people at the church entrance in montabaur , germany , before a service to commemorate the victims .
community spirit : people leave the church in montabaur , following the service to commemorate the crash victims and support their families .
elsewhere , pope francis yesterday remembered the dead as he opened solemn holy week services in front of some 70,000 faithful at the vatican .
mr dietrich said : ` for us , it makes it particularly difficult that the only victim from montabaur is suspected to have caused this tragedy .
' he added : ` the co-pilot , the family belong to our community , and we stand by this , and we embrace them and will not hide this .
' the pastor added that there is no direct contact with the family at the moment , but that he believes they are receiving good assistance .
french prosecutors have not yet questioned the family ` out of decency and respect for their pain ' , marseille prosecutor brice robin said .
mr dietrich said he knew lubitz as a teenager , when he undertook religious education 13 years ago , and his mother , a part-time organist .
solemn procession : pope francis marks a palm sunday mass in st peter 's square at the vatican yesterday , five days after the plane crash .
mass : pope francis yesterday remembered those killed in the crash as he opened solemn holy week services in front of some 70,000 faithful .
remembered : at the end of palm sunday mass outside st peter 's basilica in the vatican , francis prayed for those who died in the tragedy .
he added