by .
nilufer atik .
for most of her life , hannah christmas had been labelled mentally ill .
dogged by crippling depression and memory lapses , and at times unable to read or write properly because it felt as if her brain was ` slowing down ' , doctors told her she had a severe mood disorder .
over more than a decade , the 35-year-old solicitor was given countless drugs to ` cure ' her , from antidepressants and sedatives to the mood stabiliser lithium -- usually given for mania .
but nothing touched the ` unbearable fog ' that left her unable to work full-time .
for , in fact , there was a simple but overlooked cause .
hannah has the little-known -- but surprisingly prevalent -- premenstrual dysphoric disorder , an extreme form of pmt brought on by a hormonal imbalance .
raising awareness : hannah christmas , 35 , from bermondsey in south london , suffers from premenstrual dysphoric disorder , an extreme form of pmt .
unlike pmt 's more physical symptoms -- headaches , bloating and abdominal , breast and back pain -- pmdd causes dominant emotional symptoms as well .
period pain can be extreme and coupled with nausea and panic attacks .
sufferers also experience suicidal thoughts , frequent crying , anger , feelings of being out of control and trouble thinking .
symptoms typically occur in the week before a period , then go away once it starts , and are thought to be due to an increased sensitivity to the natural changes in hormone levels .
and while pmdd affects up to five per cent of women , many gps have never heard of it -- meaning that hundreds of women are misdiagnosed with psychological disorders .
` women with pmdd often describe having a jekyll and hyde personality , ' explains professor john studd , a world-renowned expert on pms .
hidden condition : hannah 's hormonal disorder went undiagnosed for 20 years and doctors thought is was psychological , giving her drugs to treat mental illness .
he set up the first-ever specialist unit at the chelsea and westminster hospital in west london and now runs a private practice .
` about ten days before their period starts , they have this total change of personality .
it can be very destructive , particularly to personal