by .
snejana farberov .
published : .
18:22 est , 17 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:42 est , 18 december 2013 .
gunshots rang out inside a nevada hospital this afternoon , leaving the gunman dead from a self-inflicted wound and at least three other people injured , one of them fatally .
the shooting took place at around 2.15 pm on the third floor of renown regional medical center 's center for advanced medicine b in reno .
reno police deputy chief tom robinson said just before 3.40 pm local time that two people were dead , including the gunman , and at least two others were being treated for gunshot wounds .
scroll down for video .
gun violence : the gunman turned the shotgun on himself after opening fire on the third floor of renown regional medical center in reno , nevada .
crime scene : the shooting happened inside centers for advanced medicine b on east 2nd street .
bringing the big guns : swat team members are trucked from near the renown helicopter pad to the renown medical center on tuesday after shots rang out around 2pm .
police have since confirmed that the unnamed shooter turned the gun on himself following the rampage that resulted in the hospital going on lockdown .
kandy hall was in the waiting room when she saw a casually dressed , tall white man enter the room with a gun at his side .
` he pointed it at me and then he brandished it at everyone else that was sitting against the wall and he said something like , `` everybody get out of here , '' or `` you 'd all better get out of here .
'' then he opened the door to go back to where the doctor and the nurses were , ' she told reno gazette-journal .
eyewitness daranda cone was on her way to a doctor 's appointment at renown when the shooting happened .
` i saw this woman with blood all over her being rushed past me to the er , ' cone told reno gazette-journal .
according to local news channels , at least two people , one of them a female doctor , suffered serious injuries and are listed in critical condition .
the victims were in surgery tuesday evening .
deputy chief