monisha kaltenborn has no intention of quitting as team principal of sauber despite being mired in legal controversy this week .
kaltenborn 's position has been drawn into sharp focus after appearing to have signed three drivers for the new formula one season , but with naturally only two seats available .
the case with reserve driver giedo van der garde is to continue at the supreme court of victoria in melbourne on saturday , just a few miles from the albert park circuit .
monisha kaltenborn addresses the media in melbourne on friday with her team mired in controversy .
felipe nasr takes to the albert park track during the second practice session for the australian grand prix .
kaltenborn , a trained lawyer , was naturally unable to shed any light on the case given it remains ongoing .
but asked whether she was still competent to run the team , kaltenborn replied : ' i do n't see it -lrb- the case -rrb- having any effect .
` we have a very clear view of what we did .
we took action after thinking about it for a while .
` for us that was very clear , but the outcome is different , and that 's all i can say to you .
' pressed on whether she had considered resigning , kaltenborn added : ` i 've not considered that .
giedo van der garde walks through the sauber team garage as his legal dispute with the team continues .
lewis hamilton in action for mercedes as the champions continued where they left off by setting the pace .
` this whole matter does not have any effect on the way we work , the way the team works .
' kaltenborn conceded , however , the past week had affected morale with the team 's name dragged through the courts .
` it 's had a very negative impact on the team because the situation was , for a while , unclear , ' added kaltenborn .
` we now have certain actions taken against the team , and we are acting accordingly .
there 's nothing much more really i can say to that .
' the supreme court initially upheld a swiss arbitration panel decision that the team not deny van der garde his right to drive given the 29-year-old has a