it has been an exercise in diplomacy and stealth -- a careful negotiation of appearance and reality which can only be revealed now .
over the past seven days the fbi , the law enforcement services of dale county and mobile , alabama , the state patrol and sheriff 's office have combined to mount an operation under intense scrutiny -- with intense secrecy .
and for the past seven days the assembled media have abided by the fbi 's requests to maintain that secrecy and to leave unreported the movements of materials and manpower we have witnessed - to ensure that jimmy lee dykes , who had access to tv and internet in his underground bunker , did not learn of their plans or get spooked by the growing force around him .
fbi agents built a mock bunker nearby the scene to work out how best to conduct the raid .
military surveillance equipment - including a camera that was delicately inserted into the bunker - and personnel were used during the standoff .
ready to go : these heavily-armed agents with the fbi 's hostage rescue team gear up with equipment delivered in a budget rental truck .
moving out : the federal agents were always at the ready and prepared to storm the bunker where little ethan was being held .
heavy equipment : the fbi brought in numerous trucks , as well as helicopters , bomb detectors and sophisticated surveillance equipment .
cnn correspondent barbara starr reports that defense secretary leon panetta personally approved the fbi using its gear and engineers during the operations .
a citadel of surveillance has been erected -- all unreported until now , all as negotiators hoped for a peaceful outcome .
however , it was the fbi 's elite hostage rescue team , and not u.s. troops that , that stormed the bunker and recused five-year-old ethan .
within hours of survivalist jimmy lee dikes ' shooting of school bus driver charles ` chuck ' poland and his abduction of the boy , the fbi became involved .
with their arrival came an abrupt shut down of communications .
safe : little ethan , age 5 , is safe after he was taken hostage last tuesday by jimmy lee dykes and held in an underground bunker for several days .
dead : jimmy lee dykes , 65 , the