by .
lucy crossley .
organiser : ruthanne reid , 57 , -lrb- pictured at another event -rrb- was caught on camera at a hairdressing awards ceremony apparently headbutting one guest and striking another with her handbag .
a hairdressing awards ceremony descended into a brawl after the organiser was caught on camera apparently headbutting one guest and striking another with her handbag .
the inaa scottish hair and beauty awards in glasgow had billed itself as a ` showcase ' for the beauty industry , while guests included actress michelle keegan and miss scotland ellie mckeating .
but the event turned sour when organiser ruthanne reid , 57 , allegedly became caught up in an on-stage catfight and ended with police being called to luxury venue the thistle hotel in glasgow .
grainy video footage from the event .
shows ms reid march down a catwalk set up on the stage towards the .
audience and apparently hit someone with her handbag .
it is then alleged .
she headbutted one of the event attendees in a scuffle .
police were eventually called to the event , although no arrests were made .
ms reid has since apologised for her behavior at the event and announced she had resigned from software company , and sponsors inaa .
she .
says the scuffle was down to a presenter announcing the wrong name for .
one award , and a fellow guest exposing her bottom , but denies the .
headbutt .
more than 800 .
guests had attended the # 105-a-ticket event on sunday evening , among .
them former coronation street actress keegan and her fiance , ex-the only .
way is essex star mark wright , miss mckeating and the lord provost of glasgow , sadie docherty .
another attendee , ashley hutton , 37 , who .
owns a salon in dundee , claimed ms reid appeared to be drunk and as the .
event neared its close had come on stage , taken hold of the microphone .
and yelled at the audience .
mrs hutton told stv : .
` ruthanne was very drunk and ended up screaming at everyone in the .
crowd for no reason .
before that even happened you would tell people .
were getting annoyed and agitated .
scroll down for video .
scuffle : hairdressing awards show organiser ruthanne