night after night , barbara paul would lie staring at her ceiling through the small hours of the morning .
sometimes the 63-year-old would recite the alphabet to herself over and over in an attempt to drop off , but it rarely worked .
of course , surviving on as little as two hours ' sleep a night had a profound impact .
` i began to dread bedtime , knowing what lay ahead .
i felt so frustrated and it became hard to cope , ' she says .
scroll down for video .
barbara paul , 63 , would survive on as little as two hours of sleep a night .
insomnia is a devastating condition that affects up to 30 per cent of people , but there 's a little-known trigger that causes it in women such as barbara : the menopause .
alongside hot flushes , memory loss and mood swings , sleeplessness is a surprising side-effect of the change , and one that causes misery to millions of women .
a recent study found that one in four middle-aged women are n't happy with the quality of their sleep , while another major piece of research found menopausal women are nearly four times more likely to have insomnia .
alongside hot flushes , memory loss and mood swings , sleeplessness is a surprising side-effect of the menopause .
and it 's not just irritating -- lack of sleep has significant health implications and has been linked to obesity , high blood pressure , dementia and cancer .
colin espie , professor of behavioural sleep medicine at oxford university , says : ` the menopause or associated hrt treatment is a time of major hormonal , physical and psychological change so it can often be a trigger for insomnia .
levels of both the female hormones , progesterone and oestrogen , drop .
` progesterone is known as a sleep-promoting hormone , while the reduction in oestrogen can leave you more susceptible to environmental factors that can disrupt sleep , such as light .
` hot flushes with their surge of adrenaline and change in temperature can also disrupt your sleep .
' barbara , a retired college principal who lives with her husband , trevor , in devon , started suffering from insomnia ten years ago .
` it was around the time the menopause