by .
suzannah hills .
published : .
08:23 est , 13 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:09 est , 13 february 2013 .
many towns spend thousands of pounds a year to remove graffiti off the walls of buildings and monuments .
but a piece of reverse graffiti in connecticut has become a popular local attraction after a talented artist designed a beautiful oak tree that only appears when it rains .
unlike usual graffiti , which is washed away by heavy downpours , adam niklewicz ' reverse graffiti only becomes visible when touched by water and disappears again when it dries .
popular graffiti : polish born artist adam niklewicz has created a reverse graffiti image of an oak tree in connecticut that can only be seen when it rains .
first step : adam niklewicz pictured drawing the the outline for the stencil of an oak tree .
hugh project : adam niklewicz then created a stencil of the charter oak tree - connecticut 's official tree - to the correct size .
the polish born artist has been creating reverse graffiti since 2009 when he experimented with using waterproofing treatments on bricks to create the artworks .
the artwork , which on located on the side of a former synagogue in downtown hartford and commissioned by the wadsworth atheneum museum of art , real art ways and the city of hartford , is of the state 's official tree - a charter oak .
mr niklewicz , who is in his mid fifties , said : ` it 's a conceptual mural which is built on a brick wall and the basic idea is a giant image of an oak tree .
' i noticed that when water is applied to untreated concrete it changes colour .
big structure : adam niklewicz , pictured left , then stuck the stencil to the side of a former synagogue in downtown hartford .
piece by piece : adam niklewicz cut the stencils into small square and then put them back together on the wall .
time consuming : adam niklewicz then had to painstakingly cut out the markings on each stencil .
' i wanted the tree to appear with the rain , staying there throughout the rain and then slowly disappearing when the wall dries up .
` that little element of magic is