by .
daniel martin .
published : .
08:28 est , 22 april 2012 .
| .
updated : .
01:49 est , 23 april 2012 .
health secretary andrew lansley -lrb- pictured -rrb- risks igniting another row in the sector after documents revealed he is backing plans to pay less to nhs workers in poorer parts of the country .
andrew lansley is risking a new row with the unions after supporting lower pay for thousands of nhs staff who live in poorer parts of the country .
the health secretary wants nurses , midwives , porters , cleaners and paramedics to receive different pay packets dependent on where they live .
more expensive house prices and other factors would mean nhs staff would be paid more in the south east than in the north and the midlands .
official documents prepared by the department of health show that the only exemptions would be managers working in new bodies established to deliver mr lansley 's reform programme .
chancellor george osborne raised the issue of regional pay bargaining before the budget , but senior lib dems opposed it .
mr lansley 's submission to the nhs pay review body called for a national basic pay rate at a ` minimum level necessary ' , and forsupplements in particular regions .
this would help the private sector in depressed areas compete for workers with the public sector .
` current rates of pay in the nhs do vary geographically , but significantly less so than the pay of comparable staff in the private sector , ' the submission says .
` the introduction of more sensitive market-facing pay would therefore enable more efficient and effective use of nhs funds .
nurses , midwives , hospital porters , cleaners and paramedics would receive a lower paycheck under the proposals if they work in the midlands or the north , compared with their counterparts in southern counties .
` while the nhs pay premium is relatively high , there is the potential for private sector enterprise to be crowded out with adverse impact on the prospects for local economic growth .
' but senior lib dem backbencher john pugh said : ` not content with cementing the divisions between the north and south , andrew 's proposals harden the divisions between the well-paid and the rest .
this demonstrates his continuing ,