president obama was asked about his ` first wife ' in a pr-disaster interview on thursday after picking three of the most popular youtube content creators to interview him .
glozell green , a popular youtube fixture known for her extreme acts like eating a ladle full of cinnamon , offered the president three samples of her trademark green lipstick as gifts for his daughters -- and for the woman she called obama 's ` first wife .
' ` you know something i do n't ?
' obama cracked before green corrected herself and referred to michelle obama as ` first lady .
' but the pr disaster that was the white house 's 50-minute-long ` youtube interview ' was a national joke before it was half-over .
another youtube star , 19-year-old bethany mota , asked the leader of the free world , ` if you had any super power , what would it be ?
' obama 's answer : the ability to speak to anyone in their native language .
and flying .
scroll down for video .
` do you know something i do n't know ?
' obama was taken aback when youtube celebrity glozell green gave him a tube of green lipstick ` for your first wife ' -- instead of saying ` for the first lady ' not ready for prime time : 19-year-old bethany mota asked the leader of the free world what super power he would like to have .
obamacare commercial : hank green got a presidential autograph on a photo showing how cheap his monthly medication got after he bought medical insurance .
the thursday afternoon event , staged on three miniature video sets erected in the east room of the white house less than an hour after the president 's return from speaking in lawrence , kansas about his state of the union goals , included some serious issues .
but glozell 's green lipstick and obama 's ` first wife ' will be what 's remembered .
the married los angeles-based video blogger , usually sporting her green lipstick , starts each of her videos with a cheery : ` hello !
this is glozell !
is you ok ?
is you ?
good , 'cause i wanted to know !
' the white house press corps , accustomed to toiling for a decade or more