by .
james chapman and andrew levy .
published : .
18:11 est , 11 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
02:10 est , 12 june 2013 .
michael gove has said new gcses will be more challenging and ambitious .
michael gove 's new gcses will restore rigour and rein in ` rampant ' grade inflation , he said yesterday .
teenagers will be made to study more british history and classic literature by authors such as austen , dickens and wordsworth .
and they will be expected to show a far greater grasp of punctuation and grammar .
confirming the biggest exam shake-up for a generation , mr gove said new gcses to be taught from september 2015 will be ` more challenging , more ambitious and more rigorous ' .
the education secretary told mps that even labour admitted grades had been inflated during its time in power .
there was now ` widespread consensus that we need to reform our examination system to restore public confidence , ' he added .
` young people in this country deserve an education system that can compete with the best in the world , a system which sets -- and achieves -- higher expectations .
' his reforms prompted complaints from teaching union leaders , while other critics expressed concern that the government had cast doubt on the achievements of pupils who will take the current gcse over the next two years .
but mr gove insisted an over-reliance on coursework had ` corrupted the credibility of grades ' and warned that so many students were now achieving as and a * s that employers could not differentiate between the brightest .
labour agreed there was a need to reform exam grades , but defended the use of coursework .
the new-look gcses , which have yet to be named but are being nicknamed ` gove levels ' , will include no coursework except in a small number of areas such as science practicals .
the focus will return to exams at the end of the course .
they will be graded from eight to one , with eight the highest , replacing the current a to g system .
in english literature , candidates will read whole texts including a shakespeare play , romantic poetry and modern verse , a 19th century novel and 20th century