by .
paul thompson .
published : .
11:32 est , 28 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:34 est , 28 october 2013 .
a teenager has been left paralyzed after a freak hunting accident that saw a tow rope damage his spine .
kevin wayne jr , 17 , was watching a dead elk being pulled behind a truck when the rope attached to the animal suddenly snapped .
the teen , from seattle , washington , was hit across the neck by the rope , leaving him paralyzed and unable to speak .
kevin wayne , jr. -lrb- pictured -rrb- was injured in a freak accident that left him paralyzed from the neck down and breathing with the help of a ventilator .
doctors fear the teen may never be able to walk again .
his parents have quit their jobs to be by their son 's bedside as he struggles recover .
friends have started a donation fund to help the family with their mounting medical bills .
the tragedy took place on october 18th while wayne j was out hunting with a group of friends near greenwater , oregon .
after successfully felling one of the elk , the animal was attached to a truck with the rope suddenly snapping and lashing across the teen 's neck .
` they were pulling the animal up the hill .
it -lsb- the rope -rsb- snapped back and hit him in the back of the neck said the boy 's mum aurea gonzales .
wayne jr. was airlifted to harborview medical center for treatment .
he has undergone surgery on his neck and has shown the first sign of improvement - being able to move his arm .
family member teresa gonzales said his parents did n't have jobs that provided health care benefits .
teresa has started a donation page on the gofundme website .
in her appeal for donations she wrote : ` on friday , october 18 , my grand nephew , kevin wayne , jr. was injured in a freak accident that left him paralyzed from the neck down and breathing with the help of a ventilator .
` october 24th was his 17th birthday .
his parents are by his side 24/7 and both have had to leave their jobs .
` my niece and her partner , the mother