lazio will intensify their interest in ravel morrison this weekend after the west ham forward was cleared of all charges of assaulting his ex-girlfriend and her mother .
the 21-year-old was accused of hitting reah mansoor , 19 , and her mother , parveen mansoor , 39 , after a night out at a club in his home city of manchester last july 24 .
he was due to go on trial at manchester crown court later this month but on thursday the charges were dropped by the prosecution and morrison , who was not in court , was found not guilty .
italian side lazio want to sign west ham midfielder ravel morrison on a pre-contract for the summer .
and the news allows lazio to accelerate their move for morrison on a free transfer at the end of the season .
sportsmail understands talks over a move for the former manchester united man are scheduled to take place this weekend .
and if everything goes according to plan for the serie a club , a pre-contract agreement could be in place by the start of next week .
the italians have been offered the west ham midfielder , as reported by sportsmail , but are aware they can not buy him now owing to uefa regulations .
morrison has played for west ham and cardiff and would not be allowed to sign for a club in another country during this window .
guy mathieson , prosecuting , told the court the charges had been withdrawn after morrison 's defence team recovered cctv footage of the first alleged assault outside the one central nightclub , in manchester city centre .
it showed that morrison had not hit his ex , as was alleged , and she had ` slumped ' to the floor on her own .
morrison -lrb- centre right -rrb- has not played for west ham since their 3-1 defeat vs southampton on august 31 .
the ex-girlfriend also withdrew her statement alleging morrison later assaulted her outside her home when he dropped her off and there was ` reluctance ' from her mother to proceed with the alleged assault on her .
all three charges of assault were withdrawn .
morrison had also been initially accused of threatening to throw acid in the face of his ex and have her shot during a four-year period of