by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
published : .
11:13 est , 6 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
12:15 est , 6 february 2014 .
music , it seems , really is the food of love ... at least for david cameron and wife samantha .
the prime minister has revealed the song which soundtracked the couple 's early courtship , and how an eclectic love of music has sustained 18 years of marriage .
mr cameron named perfect circle , an album track with obscure lyrics by american alternative rock group r.e.m. , as the song which they listened to as they fell in love .
favourite : perfect circle , an obscure album track by us band r.e.m. provided the soundtrack to david and samantha cameron 's early courtship .
the prime minister , pictured with wife samantha at the conservative party black & white ball last night , lifted the lid on the couple 's early musical tastes .
the tory leader does not have a good track record with making his musical choices public .
in 2010 the smiths ' jonny marr banned him from listening to their music , after he repeatedly named them as one of his favourite bands .
and radiohead frontman tom yorke vowed to ` sue the living s *** ' of the conservative if he used one of the band 's songs in an election campaign .
but so far at least there has been no warning from r.e.m. singer michael stipe about the song he listened to while wooing his future wife .
put your hair back , we get to leaveeleven gallows on your sleeveshallow figure , winner 's paideleven shadows way out of place .
standing too soon , shoulders high in the roomstanding too soon , shoulders high in the roomstanding too soon , shoulders high in the room .
pull your dress on and stay real closewho might leave you where i left offa perfect circle of acquaintances and friendsdrink another , coin a phrase .
heaven assumed , shoulders high in the roomheaven assumed , shoulders high in the roomheaven assumed , shoulders high in the room .
try to win and suit your needsspeak out sometimes but try to win .
standing too soon , shoulders high in the roomstanding too soon , shoulders high in the