by .
james chapman .
published : .
19:00 est , 21 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:00 est , 21 june 2013 .
fears : defence secretary philip hammond says the army will be ` tied by health and safety ' british troops could be prevented from carrying out vital missions after an explosive human rights ruling , the defence secretary has warned .
philip hammond said the judgment means military chiefs will be ` living in fear ' of being sued .
he fears our forces risk being reduced to continental-style peacekeeping roles -- which see some countries refuse to let their personnel go out after dark -- after judges decreed that the european convention on human rights applies on the battlefield .
mr hammond is understood to be so furious at the supreme court ruling that he is considering demanding a revocation and believes it strengthens the case for britain quitting the echr .
the defence secretary told the daily mail : ` there are real concerns that british troops could be prevented from carrying out their missions for fear of falling foul of human rights legislation .
we ca n't have troop commanders living in fear of how lawyers back in london might interpret their battlefield decisions that are vital to protecting our national security .
` there could be serious implications for our ability to work with international partners who are not bound by the echr .
' following the supreme court ruling that the echr does apply even in combat situations , mr hammond has ordered a review of the implications for military commanders and troops .
the prospect of ` health and safety ' type laws applying to the battlefield could seriously impact on britain 's military capability , he said .
flood of litigation : defence officials fear there will be endless compensation demands and curbs on military capability .
a source added : ` if the echr applies to personnel on operations it is feared that commanders may be reluctant to make decisions in the field that will then be second-guessed by lawyers in london .
` we do n't want to be tied up by health and safety rules that prevent troops patrolling at night or only with certain equipment .
' ministers have also asked officials to reassure worried international counterparts that the uk will continue