a military charity launched a worldwide hunt today to track down the owner of a damaged pocket watch which is believed to have saved the life of an raf servicewoman in world war two - by stopping a bullet .
the solid silver timepiece , which was made in the victorian age , was discovered in a box of donated items left anonymously at a forces charity shop .
a perfect bullet-shaped crater is evident in the protective flip cover of the watch which also damaged the 11 ' clock marking on the clock face .
the ` bullet-damaged ' wwii solid silver timepiece , which was made in the victorian age , was discovered in a box of donated items left anonymously at a forces charity shop in leominster , herefordshire .
a perfect bullet-shaped crater is evident in the protective flip cover of the watch , which belonged to raf servicewoman pte hodgson .
the case of the watch is inscribed with the name ` pte hodgson ' alongside the military number 2055250 .
the final words on the case read : ` farnboro -lsb- sic -rsb- hants .
' official military records reveal pte hodgson was a woman who served in the auxiliary core of the raf which was responsible for delivering newly built planes to military bases across britain in 1941 .
a source at the ministry of defence said .
no further information regarding the identity of the servicewoman could be .
provided without a relevant birth or death certificate .
it is believed pte hodgson came under enemy fire while inside the plane .
official military records reveal pte hodgson was a woman who served in the auxiliary core of the raf which was responsible for delivering newly built planes to military bases across britain in 1941 .
above , servicewoman diana barnato walker collects a spitfire in hamble , hants , in 1945 .
they were sleek , beautifully shaped , and earned something of a racy reputation .
and that was just the spitfires they flew .
but even .
away from the cockpit , the plucky young gals of the world war two air .
transport auxiliary turned plenty of heads as well .
in their .
hastily adapted uniforms -lrb- one even had her jacket tailored in savile .
row -rrb- they became the darlings of the air -- and