by .
liz hull .
computers in whitehall were used to make insulting alterations to wikipedia entries about the hillsborough disaster , it emerged yesterday .
the cabinet office has pledged to make ` urgent inquiries ' into the anonymous changes , which were made over three years .
they began on the 20th anniversary of the april 1989 tragedy when ` blame liverpool fans ' was added to the online encyclopaedia .
tragedy : supporters are crushed against the barrier as disaster strikes before the fa cup semi-final match between liverpool and nottingham forest at hillsborough in sheffield on april 15 , 1989 .
the words ` nothing for the victims of the heysel stadium disaster ' were also added to a description of the hillsborough memorial at the anfield stadium .
computers on whitehall 's secure intranet were used again in 2012 to change the phrase ` you 'll never walk alone ' to ` you 'll never walk again ' .
further abusive revisions were traced to ip addresses of computers in the department for culture , media and sport , the treasury and the solicitor general 's office .
on another occasion , the description of a statue of liverpool manager bill shankly on the anfield wikipedia page was revised to change the well-known quote ` he made the people happy ' to the bizarre ` he made a wonderful lemon drizzle cake ' .
edit : the description of a statue of liverpool manager bill shankly on the anfield wikipedia page was revised to change the well-known quote ` he made the people happy ' .
the statue is pictured here at its unveiling in 1997 .
the revelations came to light after 34 ip addresses of whitehall computers were disclosed via a parliamentary question .
` we 've sat listening to the most heartbreaking accounts of that day , and then you hear about things like this ' sheila coleman , hillsborough justice campaign .
analysis of wikipedia 's revision history revealed at least two of these unique id codes were used to amend the hillsborough and anfield pages with the sick comments .
an investigation has now been launched .
sheila coleman , of the hillsborough justice campaign , described the references as ` absolutely disgusting ' and said the families of the 96 victims who perished at the fa cup semi-final would