by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
19:37 est , 17 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
02:51 est , 18 july 2013 .
abby huntsman has become the latest footnote in the long history of children of high-profile politicians becoming television news contributors .
the daughter of 2012 republican presidential also-ran jon huntsman has inked a deal to become co-host of msnbc 's ` the cycle .
' as huntsman adds ` a dose of moderate rational conservatism ' to the afternoon political talk show , she 'll join long list of politic kids turned media personalities that includes chelsea clinton , jenna bush , meghan mccain , and more .
new gig : the daughter of utah governor and presidential hopeful jon huntsman will now be seen on msnbc 's the cycle .
the utah native , whose father ran the beehive state prior to his presidential bid , announced her new gig on huffpost live , her most recent job .
the 27-year-old university of pennsylvania grad was an original host and producer on the web-based show .
` it 's this next chapter of my life , i 'm very much looking forward to , ' she said on the live streaming show wednesday .
` it 's very bittersweet .
' huntsman has also worked with abc news and good morning america and appeared as a commentator on msnbc and cnn since the 2012 elections .
experienced : abby huntsman , 27 , has worked with msnbc before and will leave a job hosting huff post 's live streaming web show to join the cycle july 29 .
since she comes complete with a history of working in the media , huntsman will actually be among the more experienced of the elite group of political offspring turned media hosts .
at their start on television , names like chelsea clinton and jenna bush were familiar to viewers .
but as subjects of the media , not producers of it .
clinton notably faced scrutiny when it was announced in 2011 she 'd be joining the nbc news team .
though her job as a ` special correspondent ' entailed little on-air time and no hard hitting subject matter , hardened media professionals were unimpressed .
good company ?
huntsman will join the ranks of chelsea clinton , who hosts the occasional