patients who always see the same gp are more likely to have cancer symptoms missed , research has shown .
a study found that if doctors know patients well , they could mistake warning signs for ongoing medical problems or depression .
the study of 18,500 patients found that people with bowel cancer who saw their normal gp were diagnosed , on average , a week later than others .
patients who always see the same gp are more likely to have cancer symptoms missed , research has shown -lrb- posed by model -rrb- .
the findings are worrying because britain has one of the lowest cancer survival rates in europe , and this has partly been blamed on family doctors missing symptoms .
even delays of a few weeks can be vital because the cancer can quickly spread to other organs and become very difficult to treat .
the study by academics at the university of bristol and cancer research uk compared the records of patients diagnosed with breast , lung and bowel cancer between 2000 and 2009 .
the findings , published in the british journal of general practice , show that seeing the same gp was not linked to a later diagnosis for breast cancer or lung cancer .
but for bowel cancer -- commonly confused with irritable bowel syndrome or piles -- there was an average delay of a week .
researchers said the reason there was no link between breast cancer might be because the symptoms are more obvious .
and lung cancer is notoriously difficult to detect because there are often no symptoms in the early stages .
but according to the study , doctors who are ` familiar ' with patients can ` misattribute ' new symptoms to ongoing medical complaints or even depression .
gp and lead researcher dr matthew ridd said : ` gps should follow up patients who present with potential cancer symptoms to make sure they receive a timely diagnosis .
` but your regular doctor might not be the best person to spot those symptoms in the first place .
so in some cases getting a second opinion from a different doctor could speed up the time to diagnosis .
' the findings , published in the british journal of general practice , show that seeing the same gp was not linked to a later diagnosis for breast