by .
associated press reporter .
published : .
15:45 est , 19 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:04 est , 20 november 2013 .
a los angeles judge has rejected a bid by casey kasem 's daughter to establish a conservatorship for the ailing radio personality .
los angeles superior court judge lesley green however urged lawyers today to reach an agreement that would allow three of kasem 's adult children to visit their father .
kasem 's children , kerrie , julie and mike kasem have said they are being blocked from seeing their father by their father 's wife , jean .
kasey casem -lrb- second from right -rrb- pictured with his son mike casem and daughters kerri casem -lrb- second from left -rrb- and julie kasem -lrb- right -rrb- in 2003 .
marshall grossman , an attorney for jean kasem , says a proposal for visits by the children has been rejected , but they will work to reach an agreement .
court records state kasem is suffering from advanced parkinson 's disease .
a representative of his wife announced on october 19 that casey will die in the next few months .
the 81-year-old gained fame with his radio music countdown shows , american top 40 and casey 's top 40 , and was also the voice of shaggy in the cartoon scooby doo .
his children kerri , julie and mike kasem staged a very public protest outside their father 's home in october to publicize their concerns for his well-being and to accuse their step-mother jean kasem , 59 , of blocking them from seeing their father .
julie kasem then filed a petition for a temporary conservatorship , to have someone placed in charge of the legendary radio host 's affairs who would give regular updates to a judge .
jean kasem has hit back at her husband 's children from his first marriage and claims she and casey , pictured here in 2007 , have been helping to fund their lifestyles for many years .
she and her siblings said the legal action was n't about money -- as they 've already been cut out of his will - and is purely about concern for his well-being .
but that story was contradicted by legal documents filed by their stepmom who insists she is taking great care of