the future looks bright for facebook , or at least brighter now that mark zuckerberg has released a new map with all the friends connected through the site across the world represented by shining points of light .
countries worldwide are bathed in blue on the striking map , and far more users are represented than were on a similar map released in 2010 .
the map shows the rising popularity of the social media site in africa , south america , and india .
but it has one undeniably black hole : it sits directly over the nation of china .
september 2013 : mark zuckerberg has proudly made this map his facebook page 's new cover photo .
it shows how all the world is connected through the social media behemoth .
december 2010 : an older map , while impressive , proves just how much facebook 's reach has spread .
notice a darker africa , south america , and india .
china , where facebook is blocked , is a black hole on the new and old maps .
blue planet : according to facebook , over a billion users logged on to the social media site each month in 2013 , up 23 percent from 2012 .
as noted by slate , the people 's republic is no big fan of facebook .
the communist government has blocked facebook for years -- blaming it , at least in part , on the riots in urumqi that left 140 dead in 2009 -- along with twitter , youtube , and other sites .
instead of facebook , chinese internet users interested in social media log onto the sites weibo , weixin , and renren .
also a dark spot , on both the new and old facebook connection maps , is the dark continent .
africa 's more populous coastal and southern regions are alight , but no connections are leaping out of the continent 's center .
telecom infrastructure here is far less developed , though tech giants like facebook and google are working to change that .
russia is another dark area on the map , though that 's owed less to a restrictive government and more to its citizen 's preferences .
facebook is only the second most used social network in mother russia after the more popular vkontakte .
while the darker