french president francois hollande has been accused by one of his most senior political allies of running a ` paparazzi democracy ' for ordering all ministers to publicly declare their wealth .
claude bartolone - the socialist leader of france 's parliament - told the president : ` the french do n't want everything we have put on display .
' while urban .
affairs minister francois lamy told france 's canal plus television : .
` it 's an outrage .
do you think the public would also like to see a .
picture of my wife in the nude ?
' outrage : the french president , left , has ordered all ministers to publicly declare their wealth .
urban affairs minister francois lamy , right , said : ` it 's an outrage .
do you think the public would also like to see a picture of my wife in the nude ?
' mr bartolone 's defiant outburst on live radio after mr hollande told his entire cabinet to publish full details of their assets .
the sudden drive for complete financial transparency came after it emerged that an ex-cabinet member had hidden up to 12 million pounds from the tax-man in a swiss bank .
the publication of wealth then sparked charges of hypocrisy when it was revealed there were six millionaires in the president 's left-wing government .
now mr bartolone has told rtl radio : ` the majority of french people do n't want to live in a paparazzi democracy where everything is on show .
claude bartolone - the socialist leader of france 's parliament - told the president : ` the french do n't want everything we have put on display ' ` there should be a way of protecting the private life of elected politicians while still maintaining controls .
` the transparency commission simply needs to have the power to investigate when there is doubt .
` the french people only need to be reassured that their mps are honest and not using their positions to line their pockets .
' other ministers also reacted with fury at being ordered to lay bare their personal finances to the public .
following .
the ` voluntary ' declarations earlier this month , a new law on financial .
transparency among ministers and other top officials is now set to be