by .
michael zennie .
published : .
16:53 est , 18 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:03 est , 18 november 2013 .
a walmart in canton , ohio , has set up a canned food drive so that its own employees can afford to pay for thanksgiving dinner .
the fundraiser was revealed earlier this month when an employee snapped a picture of two plastic bins managers had set up in a break room at the store with a sign that reads , ` please donate food items here so associates in need and enjoy thanksgiving dinner .
' the image has become a lightning rod for criticism for the retail giant .
labor activists say it 's proof that walmart does n't pay its employees nearly enough and that wages are so small that many ca n't even afford the holiday meals that they work to sell .
walmart has fired back , saying that the food drive at the canton walmart is proof that its employees stick together and support each other when they fall on hard times .
need a hand-out ?
this picture , which shows a food drive set up for walmart employees at an ohio walmart has sparked criticism for the retail giant .
at least one employee said she is grateful for the program , which helped her put thanksgiving dinner on the table when her child support payments dried up .
` it is for associates who have had some hardships come up .
maybe their spouse lost a job , ' walmart spokesman kory lundberg told the cleveland plain dealer .
` this is part of the company 's culture to rally around associates and take care of them when they face extreme hardships .
' but , the picture has become a rallying cry for labor groups , including organization united for respect at walmart -lrb- our walmart -rrb- - which says it is planning protests and employee walk-outs for black friday at stores in dayton and cincinnati , ohio .
` why would a company do that ?
' vanessa ferreira , a labor organizer and former walmart employee , told the plain dealer .
` the company needs to stand up and give them their 40 hours and a living wage , so they do n't have to worry about whether they can