by .
sean poulter .
published : .
06:25 est , 12 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:57 est , 12 march 2013 .
changed in what we eat , the way we read and how we celebrate have been reflected in the basket of goods used to calculate inflation .
out go lettuce and restaurant champagne , in come stir-fry vegetables , blueberries , salami -- and the ebook .
the changes were revealed yesterday as the office of national statistics listed nearly 700 goods it will use to track prices over the next year .
sign of the times : sales of ebooks are now so big that the price is to be included in calculating inflation , but champagne has been dropped after sales in pubs and bars lost their fizz .
the shopping basket , updated every spring , provides an insight into evolving lifestyles and priorities .
but its main significance is that the .
results are used to produce the government 's official inflation .
benchmarks , the consumer prices index and the retail prices index -- used .
to determine increases in everything from pensions to rail fares .
items added to the ons basket .
the ons measures the prices of items in the basket every month , based on 180,000 separate checks across the country .
it changes the basket using data from .
more than 5,000 households .
the additions this year look very much like .
a shopping list for a typical middle-class family .
blueberries , prized as a superfood , .
are on the list despite the high price per punnet .
similarly , packs of .
stir-fry vegetables are a staple where working parents want to put .
together a quick , nutritious meal .
delicatessen-style meats such as .
prosciutto , salami and chorizo reflect changing eating habits , driven by .
foreign travel and tv chefs such as nigella lawson and jamie oliver .
advances in home technology have seen standard freeview boxes replaced .
by receivers that allow people to pause and record live tv .
and ebooks are booming , even if downloads are often not much cheaper than the paperback .
the ons said : ` changes to the basket .
will reflect evolving consumer tastes , but only over a long run of .
years .
`