details of an amazing american military plan for an attack to wipe out a major part of the british army are today revealed for the first time .
in 1930 , a mere nine years before the outbreak of world war two , america drew up proposals specifically aimed at eliminating all british land forces in canada and the north atlantic , thus destroying britain 's trading ability and bringing the country to its knees .
previously unparalleled troop movements .
were launched as an overture to an invasion of canada , which was to .
include massive bombing raids on key industrial targets and the use of .
chemical weapons , the latter signed off at the highest level by none .
other than the legendary general douglas macarthur .
the plans , revealed in a channel 5 documentary , were one of a number of military contingency plans drawn up against a number of potential enemies , including the caribbean islands and china .
there was even one to combat an internal uprising within the united states .
in the end there was no question of president franklin d. roosevelt subscribing to what was known as war plan red .
instead the two countries became the firmest of allies during ww2 , an occasionally strained alliance that continues to this day .
still , it is fascinating that there were enough people inside the american political and military establishment who thought that such a war was feasible .
while outside of america , both churchill and hitler also thought it a possibility during the 30s - a time of deep economic and political uncertainty .
in 1930 , a mere nine years before the outbreak of world war two , america drew up a terrifying plan specifically aimed at eliminating all british land forces in canada and the north atlantic , thus destroying britain 's trading ability and bringing our country to its knees .
the top-secret papers seen here - once regarded as the most sensitive on earth - were found buried deep within the american national archives in washington , d.c. .
the highly classified files reveal that huge pushes were to be made into the caribbean and west coast to block any british retaliation from either europe , india or australia .
in 1931 , the u.s. government even authorised record-breaking transatlantic flying hero and