a projector that screws into any light socket and connects to your smartphone could make any surface in your house into a smart screen .
beam , which is raising money on kickstarter , allows you to watch movies , play games and browse the internet on your ceiling , work surfaces and even your dinner table .
` with beam we created an easy to use internet of things device that can entertain and assist you throughout the day , perfectly integrated in your home , ' said beam labs , the start-up behind the smart projector .
scroll down for video .
watch tv on the wall : beam allows you to use all your favourite android apps projected on to any surface , and all controlled from your smartphone .
beam runs on android , the same operating system that powers samsung and htc phones , meaning you can use all the apps you are familiar with but on the surface of your choice .
but apple fans will be happy to know it also works with the iphone with a specially designed app .
beam labs have provided a few suggestions of what you can do with beam , including watching tv on your bedroom ceiling , projecting recipes on your kitchen counter , playing projected board games on your dining table and turning walls into digital paintings .
beam ships with 20,000 hours worth of projection time , 1.3 ghz dual-core processor and 8 gb of storage .
the mini smart projector screws into any light socket , pictured above , and can be used to project board games onto a table or a recipe onto your kitchen surfaces .
beam is powered through a light socket and is an all-in-one mini computer .
it ships with 20,000 hours worth of projection time , 1.3 ghz dual-core processor and 8 gb of storage .
the projector can be set up to turn on automatically at certain times of the day , to wake you up with the weather report for example , or give you social media updates when you get home .
beam has a mini android computer built into it , and can connect to wi-fi and bluetooth , so you can hook it up to your phone or a mouse to control it .
it packs 854 by 480 resolution , but