by .
sarah griffiths .
published : .
18:03 est , 15 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
18:09 est , 15 october 2013 .
from polar bears lurking in icy waters , to crowns made of baby crocodiles , the winners of wildlife photographer of the year 2013 captured nature at its most surprising .
but this year 's over-all winner is a south african photographer who got up close and personal with african elephants to capture the moment they congregated around a still body of water that caught their reflections , while one of the baby mammals ran past .
a 14-year-old photographer won young wildlife photographer of the year 2013 for his image of gharial crocodiles that sees a mother croc wearing her brood on her head , which looks a little like a crown made of crocodiles .
essence of elephants : south african photographer greg du toit beat almost 43,000 entries from 96 countries to be crowned this year 's winner with his enigmatic portrait of african elephants in the northern tuli game reserve in botswana .
the image was taken from a hide at ground-level using a slow shutter speed to create an atmosphere and show the giant animals in a ghostly way .
mother 's little headful : udayan rao pawar 's image shows gharial crocodiles on the banks of the chambal river in madhya pradesh , india - an area increasingly under threat from illegal sand mining and fishing .
the hatchlings swam onto a female 's head , presumably because they felt safe there , said the young photographer .
the winners of the competition were announced at a gala held at the natural history museum , where the photographs will go on show to the public from october 18 .
south african photographer greg du toit beat almost 43,000 entries from 96 countries to be crowned this year 's winner with his enigmatic portrait of african elephants in the northern tuli game reserve in botswana .
called essence of elephants , the image was takn from a hide at ground-level using a slow shutter speed to create an atmosphere and show the giant animals in a ghostly way .
mr du toit used a wide-angle lens tilted up to emphasise the size of whatever .
elephant entered the foreground and chose a narrow aperture to create a .