making the world 's thinnest material in a blender , simulating tsunamis and creating a cloak to render a person entirely invisible sound like ideas straight out of a sci-fi film .
but scientists will today reveal their progress in turning these dreams into a reality .
europe 's top researchers will address an audience of 2,000 at the ted conference in brussels , belgium , to present the fruits of their ` high-risk , high-gain ' labours , which have received millions of euros in funding from the european research council .
the event will be live streamed at 13:15 gmt .
one scientist will show how the world 's stongest material , graphene -lrb- an atomic-scale model is pictured -rrb- , can be made in a kitchen blender at the ted conference in brussels , belgium today .
last week , scientists announced that they had discovered a new property of graphene -- the world 's thinnest and strongest material - that could trigger an electric car revolution .
but in order to make use of the discovery , experts must first discover how to make industrial quantities of the ` wonder material ' , which could be used for everything from flexible touchscreens to condoms .
today , professor jonathan coleman , of trinity college , dublin , will reveal how graphene can be made in a kitchen blender .
together with his team , he has found a way to produce incredibly thin sheets of graphene , a nanometre thick , by using powdered graphite , which is found in pencil lead .
to do this , he mixes the powder at high speed with an ` exfoliating liquid ' to produce thin ` monolayer flakes ' .
professor ulf leonhardt , of weizmann institute of science in israel , has been working for 15 years on making harry potter 's invisibility cloak a reality by using optics .
a still is shown from the film .
dr tiziana rossetto , an expert in earthquake engineering at university college london , has created a tsunami simulator after seeing the chaos caused by the tsunami that devastated sri lanka in 2004 .
her tsunami generator at the wallingford hydraulic research station in oxfordshire is 230 ft -lrb- 70 metres -rrb- long and 13 ft -lrb- four metres wide -rrb- and produces long wavelengths linked to tsunamis .