russian beauty : ruslana korshunova is pictured above on the catwalk aged 18 .
new details have emerged of the last days of a russian supermodel who leaped to her death from the ninth floor of a new york office building .
ruslana korshunova was 20 when she plummeted from a building next door to her apartment in manhattan 's financial district in 2008 .
it brought to an end a career that had seen her photographed for vogue , parade down the catwalk and front luxury ad campaigns , helped along by her flowing hair and a rare genetic quirk that meant her piercing blue eyes always seemed to glisten .
the details of her death have baffled many - but new light may have been shed on her state of mind by an investigation into the rose of the world cult that she joined shortly before her death .
details of the cult were revealed to the new york daily news by journalist peter pomerantsev , who researched korshunova 's case for an upcoming book .
in its pages , the rose cult 's reputation for ` dehumanizing ' treatment of its followers was spelled out in detail , including meetings characterized by shouting , confusion and emotional domination .
pomerantsev , who joined the cult to experience it first-hand , said that while he was there its ` coaches ' humiliated and blamed members for the wrongs in their lives - and even described korshunova as a ` typical victim ' .
the unnamed male leader said : ` ruslana was typical victim ... -lsb- sic -rsb- sometimes it 's better to commit suicide than not to change .
' she was driven to the group after her modelling career took a knock , and at a time her personal life was in disarray after she was jilted repeatedly by rich men who dazzled her with their wealth then left her .
korshunova was born in kazakhstan , then part of the soviet union , to a russian mother and a father in the red army .
after the collapse of the ussr , she was picked up by modelling scouts , who seized upon her beauty and flew her to catwalks and parties around the world .
korshunova jumped from an office building next to her apartment - pictured above is her covered body in manhattan