a teenager has become the first cancer patient in britain to have a metal port fitted to his head so doctors can blast drugs directly at his brain tumour .
james willetts , 17 , had the titanium socket - which was created by a 3d printer - bolted to his skull after traditional treatments failed to halt his aggressive brain tumour .
a ` plug ' is screwed into the port which allows chemotherapy drugs to be pumped into the tumour along four hair-thin catheters with pinpoint accuracy .
james willetts has now become the first british cancer sufferer to have be fitted with a ` skull socket ' the 17-year-old had the titanium socket - which was created by a 3d printer - bolted to his skull after traditional treatments failed to halt his aggressive brain tumour .
james is one of only three cancer sufferers in the world to receive the risky treatment , called ` convection-enhanced delivery ' -lrb- ceh -rrb- , which has not even reached stage one trials .
` the first thing that i thought was that i was going to be like robocop , ' he said .
` but i actually do n't really notice it .
' i can feel it when they connect it but once it has connected it is fine .
it does n't hurt .
` when they screw it in i can here a scrapping noise inside my head .
' james , of taunton , somerset , was diagnosed with glioblastoma in january 2014 after complaining of migraines and stress .
james underwent a 12 hour operation at frenchay hospital in bristrol in february to remove the tennis-ball sized tumour , leaving him with short-term memory loss and restricted use of the left side of his body .
a ` plug ' is screwed into the port which allows chemotherapy drugs to be pumped into the tumour along four hair-thin catheters with pinpoint accuracy .
he underwent a 12 hour operation at frenchay hospital in bristrol in february to remove the tennis-ball sized tumour , leaving him with short-term memory loss and restricted use of the left side of his body .
although most of the tumour was cut out , it was attached to his thalamus in the centre of his brain and some could n't be removed safely .
following the operation