a police operation has busted a major interstate crime ring , seizing more than $ 1 million worth of cannabis during their investigations and made 33 arrests .
this week , police raided more than 50 properties in south australia , as well as five properties in western australia and northern territory , as part of operation deluge which was launched in january .
on monday alone , the raids found more than 50kg of dried cannabis , 312 cannabis plants , $ 100,500 in cash , and 13 weapons worth almost $ 700,000 -- including firearms , tasers and a crossbow .
scroll down for video .
operation deluge seized more than 50kg of dried cannabis , 312 cannabis plants , $ 100,500 in cash , and 13 weapons worth almost $ 700,000 during their raids on monday .
more than 50 homes were raided in adelaide , as well as 5 in western australia and northern territory , of people believed to also be involved in the interstate drug distribution ring .
it 's believed the drugs were planned to distributed to other states from adelaide .
24 arrests were made yesterday , with 20 people in south australia taken into custody .
now , in total , operation deluge has arrested 33 people involved in the distribution of illegal drugs .
detective chief inspector steve taylor warned drug dealers that both the state and federal police are committed to uncovering illegal activity .
` we can fairly confidently say in this case it 's not just a disruption , but is a complete dismantling of this criminal syndicate , ' inspector taylor said , according to news.com.au .
now , in total , operation deluge has arrested 33 people involved in the distribution of illegal drugs .
` the message here is clear , if you deal in illicit drugs there is a strong probability that you will be caught , ' he said .
` it may take us some time to catch you but we will .
do n't risk it .
' they are ` very pleased ' with the success of the operation , led by south australia police 's serious and organised crime branch , alongside the australian federal police .
` we can fairly confidently say in this case it 's not just a disruption , but is a complete dismantling