by .
matt blake .
published : .
08:12 est , 22 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:07 est , 23 march 2013 .
for these glamorous performers , getting made up for work every morning can be a real drag .
but the only way to truly understand what they go through during the transformation is to come face to face with one , as these incredible pictures show .
dozens of drag queens from across new york posed for this remarkable series of portraits called half-drag ... a different kind of beauty .
face to face : flame-haired maddelynne hatter has perfected the intense stare to a tee .
he is one of fifteen drag queens from across new york who posed for this remarkable series of portraits called half-drag ... a different kind of beauty .
bearded heyday : while some of the drag queens shaved their beards and chests for the shoot , azraea decided to go au naturel .
frozen in time : pattaya uses golden finger nails to enhance his oriental look .
they were taken by us photographer leland bobbé in a bid to ` explore the cross over between males and females and to break down the physical barriers that separate them ' .
and incredibly , he has used no camera trickery or digital enhancement to achieve his goal - each subject did his own makeup on the spot on just half of his face .
they are some of new york 's most successful and sought after drag entertainers , with names as colourful as their get up .
vikki villianese : they were taken by us photographer leland bobbé in a bid to ` explore the cross over between males and females and to break down the physical barriers that separate them ' sherry vine , left , and crystal demure , right : incredibly , the photographer has used no camera trickery or digital enhancement to achieve his goal - the makeup was all done on the spot on just half of each man 's face .
heidi glum : they are some of new york 's most successful and sought after drag entertainers , with names as colourful as their get up .
blue steel : miss fame has not only made up half his face with expertly-applied makeup but his body as well