months of anticipation finally came to an end on friday night as sam burgess made his eagerly anticipated rugby union debut in bath 's victory over harlequins .
the league convert looked every inch the poster boy as he was brought on as a second half replacement at the rec .
his arrival was greeted by cheers and all cameras were focussed on the player russell crowe calls ` the ` sparkly-eyed man ' .
sam burgess charges into the harlequins defence with his first touch of the ball in rugby union .
powerful winger matt banahan crosses for bath 's first try of the evening at the rec .
bath fly half ollie devoto knocks over an early penalty as the home side dominate the opening exchanges .
quins scrum half danny care , who was dropped from stuart lancaster 's england squad , puts in a box kick .
his arrival from australia -- south sydney rabbitohs owner crowe took him over there in 2010 -- has been one of the most hyped-up signings of all time and it was the perfect start as his side moved to the top of the table with a convincing victory over their play-off rivals .
afterwards , burgess said : ` i just wanted to get out there to try and enjoy it .
i had a few experienced guy around me and the whole squad has been great .
i have a lot to learn and it was good to be part of a win .
' the yorkshireman had to wait until the 63rd minute to get on .
among those also hoping to make their mark were england trio danny care , kyle eastmond and semesa rokoduguni who were all released for club duty .
eastmond , another league convert , was turned over early on by kyle sinckler , but his mistake was amended when matt banahan scored the first try after nine minutes .
eastmond doubled the lead inside the first quarter .
ollie devoto missed the conversion but found his range as he went on to exchange penalties with nick evans .
quins trailed by 10 points at half time but the reliable evans opened the scoring with anther penalty early in the second half .
bath continued to dominate the set piece and their pressure in the scrum resulted in a yellow card for