west brom 's jeremy peace has become the first premier league chairman to call for a system to be introduced to protect the game 's young millionaire players from frittering away their wages .
football 's ` too much , too soon ' culture -- whereby young stars like manchester united 's tyler blackett can earn # 50,000 a week after a handful of games -- is causing major concern in football 's higher echelons , because it could demotivate young players , and because they may spend the money unwisely and have nothing left when they need it .
liverpool boss brendan rodgers , under pressure to increase 19-year-old raheem sterling 's contract from # 40,000 a week , has spoken widely about the issue , stating : ` young players get carried away and then wonder why their careers fall away .
they buy a new range rover sport before they have a driving licence .
' west brom chairman jeremy peace has expressed concern about the effect of multi-million pound contracts on young players in the premier league .
manchester united defender tyler blackett is set to be rewarded with a # 50,000-a-week contract after starting regularly for the club during the early stages of the season .
former crewe manager dario gradi , who helped develop the career of dozens of players including david platt and danny murphy , has revealed that the subject kept coming up when he was part of greg dyke 's fa commission into the game .
peace is particularly concerned about wages being squandered .
he said : ` my view on young players is that it would be a good thing to try to protect their money in some way .
when you read about tyler blackett and other young players getting a big jump in wages , the natural reaction is `` wow '' .
` you just hope , when any young player is being given all this money , that the agents or friends are advising them to put it away somewhere safe , so if it goes wrong or they have an injury , they have something saved to enjoy when they eventually retire .
` i just think there should be some mechanism in place so all the money they earn is not spent .
' fa chairman greg dyke revealed the subject of astronomical