the extent of toni kroos ' contract stand-off with bayern munich has placed all the barclays premier league 's top clubs on standby for a # 25million summer scramble to sign him .
bayern bosses are digging in their heels over kroos ' bold bid to more than double his earnings from just over # 60,000 a week to around # 150,000 and have bluntly told him talks over a new deal will remain on hold until he lowers his sights .
the 24-year-old germany midfielder was even relegated to the bench for the first time in two months on sunday , in a further escalation of his allianz arena woes that has alerted all the premier league big guns .
video : scroll down to see bayern 's recent brilliant performance against eintracht frankfurt .
toni the target : premier league clubs are very interested in bayern midfielder toni kroos -lrb- right -rrb- .
sportsmail revealed just over a week .
ago how manchester united manager david moyes had been first to react to .
growing uncertainty over kroos ' future by watching bayern 's game at .
borussia monchengladbach with the 24-year old 's agent .
should .
there still be no thaw in relations at the end of the season , it seems .
certain manchester city , chelsea , arsenal and even liverpool will .
declare their hand and make it clear to kroos they are prepared to meet .
his wage demands .
in an .
intriguing sub-plot , there have even been claims in germany that arsenal .
missed out on prime target julian draxler because bayern have lined him .
up as kroos ' replacement in the summer .
former .
middlesbrough and barnsley striker jan aage fjortoft , who works as a tv .
pundit in norway and germany , tweeted : ` bayern munich managed to stop .
the draxler deal by saying `` we take him in the summer .
''' sub standard ?
kroos was dropped to the bench for bayern 's match on sunday .
reacting badly : kroos was not happy at being taken off recently against stuttgart .
fjortoft 's claim is as yet unsubstantiated , but what is beyond doubt is that bayern will not be dictated to over extending a contract that has less than 18 months to run .
kroos is currently in