by .
damien gayle .
published : .
02:48 est , 13 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:09 est , 13 november 2013 .
wealthy tourists and business travellers visiting the uk could be allowed to skip passport queues by paying a fee to the home office , according to new proposals .
the plan for ` premium fast-track processing ' is one of several proposals outlined yesterday to cover more of the costs of the uk border agency by raising cash from foreign visitors .
fast-track processing is already available to some first-class and business-class passengers arriving in the country through heathrow as well as those arriving via private jets .
premium service : wealthy tourists and business .
travellers visiting the uk could be allowed to skip passport queues by .
paying a fee to the home office , according to new proposals .
the proposed scheme would extend the premium service to other airports .
how much passengers would pay was not clear , but a consultation paper published yesterday said the home office wanted to ` increase the charges above cost-recovery levels ' .
it goes on : ` we intend to expand the provision of dedicated vip suites and premium fast-track processing through the border at certain ports , both of which are currently charged at a cost-recovery level .
-lsb- ... -rsb- .
` we will set fees at a level that reflects the value of the product .
the income will be used to help fund the immigration system , secure the border and invest in improving processes .
` fees for some premium services will be charged to the airline or port rather than directly to the travellers , although the airline or port may decide to pass on some , or all , of the cost of those services to travellers .
' the home office said the scheme was an ` opportunity to expand and enhance the range of premium services to better meet the needs of certain visitors ' , adding that the premium service would provide ` exclusivity ' .
although the scheme would be mainly targeted at wealthy visitors , a spokesman for the department would not rule out it being extended to ordinary holidaymakers later , the daily telegraph reported .
uk border agency officers help a man into a van : the