real madrid midfielder toni kroos scored the only goal of the game in vigo on tuesday night as the reigning world champions beat the team whose crown they won in brazil this summer .
` we ca n't pretend that 2014 has been a good year ' said vicente del bosque after spain ended the year in defeat .
` we want to look forward with optimism but we can not be happy with the way we played at the world cup .
' it was fitting that spain lost their last game of the year to the team that replaced them as world champions ; although it seemed for most of the match that neither side would break the deadlock .
video scroll down for sportsmail 's international big match stats .
germany 's toni kroos points the way after scoring a last-minute winner in tuesday 's 1-0 victory over spain in vigo .
kroos , who plays his club football in spain with real madrid , is mobbed by his team-mates after scoring the all important strike late on .
germany frontman thomas muller is treated on the side of the pitch after picking up an injury during tuesday 's clash with spain .
one of germany 's heroes at the world cup , muller -lrb- left -rrb- is replaced by karim bellarabi after picking up a knock during the first half .
spain defender gerard pique guards the ball away from germany striker kevin volland during tuesday 's clash at estadio balaidos .
germany defender antonio rudiger falls to the floor and watches his forward ball as spain striker alvaro morata -lrb- right -rrb- looks on .
mario gotze , who scored germany 's winning goal at the world cup final , is put under pressure by cesar azpiliciueta and sergio busquets .
gotze is grounded under the challenge of spain defender sergio ramos as the rain beings to fall in vigo on tuesday evening .
spain : casillas -lrb- casilla , 77 -rrb- , azpilicueta , pique -lrb- albiol , 46 -rrb- , sergio ramos -lrb- bartra , 46 -rrb- , bernat , raul garcia -lrb- callejon , 70 -rrb- , bruno , busquets -lrb- camacho , 46 -rrb- , isco , morata , nolito -lrb- pedro , 77 -rrb- .
subs : koke , alcacer , juanfran , jordi alba , cazorla .
booked :