by .
emma thomas .
published : .
04:50 est , 12 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:20 est , 12 december 2013 .
customers who ordered a # 20 computer game only to be sent a # 170 playstation console by mistake have received a second , less welcome surprise - an email threatening them with legal action .
the customers had pre-ordered a # 19.99 copy of the game tearaway from online retailer zavvi , but instead received the game in a bundle with a brand new playstation vita console , which sells for # 169.99 .
now zavvi has written to demand that they return the devices or face legal action .
online store zavvi has written to shoppers after it sent brand new playstation vita consoles to customers that had pre-ordered a # 19.99 copy of the game tearaway .
according to gaming website darkzero , the email said : ` we are very sorry to inform you that due to an error in our warehouse we have dispatched the incorrect product .
more ... sorry , xbox fans : mailonline reviews the big playstation 4 launch titles -lrb- and yes , killzone looks better than anything on xbox one -rrb- .
do n't sell your ps3 !
mailonline picks out the year 's top videogames -lrb- and the good news is the best one is n't on next gen -rrb- .
` we are contacting you in order for us to arrange a collection of the incorrect item which is on the way to you .
if possible , please keep the parcel in its original packaging ready to hand back to the courier .
' the email gave a deadline of 5pm on tuesday , december 10 with a ` final notice ' telling people they would face legal action if they tried to keep the console .
` this is our final notice to politely remind you that you did not order , or pay for , a ps vita and if you fail to contact us by 5pm -lrb- uk time -rrb- on 10th december 2013 to arrange a convenient time for the ps vita to be collected we reserve the right to enforce any and/or all legal remedies available to us , ' the company added .
after realising the error , zavvi emailed the unknown number of