by .
leon watson .
updated : .
04:17 est , 28 february 2012 .
this was the moment a blast ripped through an old soviet-style block in southern russia today sending it crashing down like a house of cards .
the nine-storey building in the city of astrakhan , 800 miles south east of moscow , collapsed in an explosion believed to be caused by natural gas .
two people died following the blast and 12 people were injured .
a further 11 people living there have n't been accounted for .
rescue workers are searching through the rubble for more possible victims .
the explosion , captured on film , punched a hole through the bottom three floors of the apartment block in southern russia .
after the bottom three floors disintegrated , the top six started to collapse .
people then watched in horror as the whole section collapsed in a heap like a house of cards .
the itar-tass news agency quoted regional investigative committee spokeswoman aanna konyaeva as saying the blast first blew out a lower section of the building .
as people rushed to help , the upper six stories collapsed .
explosions of gas canisters in russian residences and businesses are common because antiquated infrastructure has not been modernised in the last decades .
a nine-storey apartment block in southern russia collapsed after a gas explosion as rescuers battled to find up to 14 people still feared trapped under the rubble , the emergencies ministry said .
rescuers search through the debris of an apartment building after an explosion in astrakhan , russia .
it 's believed the explosion was caused by natural gas .
such gas explosions are common in russia .
rescue workers are searching through the rubble for more possible victims of the blast in southern russia .
the block , part of a housing complex in the southern city of astrakhan , disintegrated and collapsed in a heap of rubble and dust after the explosion blew out its lower floors , pictures on state television showed .
the cause of the blast , which took place around lunchtime , is believed to have been a gas leak , the emergencies ministry said on its website .
some reports said the leak could have been prompted by an attempted suicide inside the housing block .
` the fate of 14