an argentinian divorcee who got a personal phone call from the pope to calm her worries about whether she could take communion as a divorced woman has been pictured for the first time .
jaqueline sabetta , who married her new husband in 1994 , asked the pontiff for advice about taking the eucharist , which is traditionally forbidden for divorcees .
in a significant break from catholic doctrine , pope francis told her that she would be ` doing no harm ' .
call from above : jaqueline sabetta , from santa fe , argentina , pictured with her husband julio some years ago , got a personal phone call from pope francis to assure her that they could take communion , despite both having been married before .
message of love : by telling mrs sabetta that she would ` do no harm ' by taking communion as a former divorcee , pope francis goes against catholic tradition .
mrs sabetta , who is from santa fe in the pope 's home country of argentina , wrote to him last year asking what to do , ` given that to take communion would be violating one of the rules of the church ' .
seven months later she was amazed to receive a phone call at home from someone who ` presented himself as father bergoglio ' , the pope 's name before he was elected to lead the church .
after apologising for the lateness of his response , pope francis reportedly said : ` it is a question that we are discussing at the vatican , because a divorced person who takes communion is not doing any harm .
' last month he told a morning mass in rome that divorcees should not be condemned , but rather , ` accompanied ' .
the extraordinary phone call was revealed by mrs sabetta 's new husband julio , who posted about it on facebook on easter monday .
pope francis , pictured greeting the crowd at the sant ' ignazio di loyola church in rome today , is becoming renowned for his impromptu phone calls to those who write to him .
last month pope francis told a morning mass in rome that divorcees should not be condemned , but rather , ` accompanied ' pope francis ' mantle is lifted by the wind to cover his