by .
sarah griffiths .
it is believed that humans discovered fire over a million years ago .
and now a team of israeli archaeologists have uncovered the site of a large hearth dating to around 300,000 years ago .
the discovery of repeated fire building over a continuous period was made in qesem cave , an archaeological site near present-day rosh ha'ayin in israel .
a team of israeli archaeologists have uncovered the site of a large hearth -lrb- pointed out by the blue arrow -rrb- where hominins may have tended to fires as early as 300,00 years ago .
the discovery of repeated fire building over a continuous period was made in qesem cave , israel .
historians have long questioned when humans began to control fire in order to use heat to suit their daily needs and this find hints that prehistoric humans already had a highly advanced social structures and intellectual capacity .
excavations in qesem cave have been ongoing since 2000 and have been headed up by professor avi gopher and ran barkai of tel aviv university .
dr ruth shahack-gross of the kimmel centre for archeological science at the weizmann institute , israel , collected samples from the site and analysed them in the lab .
dr shahack-gross tested the micro-morphology of the ash by extracting a ` cubic chunk ' of sediment from the hearth before hardening it in the lab .
she then cut it into thin slices -lrb- pictured -rrb- that showed burnt bone and rock fragments within the grey ash residue .
the discovery of repeated fire building over a continuous period was made in qesem cave -lrb- pictured -rrb- an archaeological site near present-day rosh ha'ayin in israel .
she identified a thick deposit of wood ash in the centre of the cave and used infrared spectroscopy to find that in the ash were specks of bone and soil that had been heated to very high temperatures -- ` conclusive proof ' of a hearth .
dr shahack-gross and her colleagues tested the micro-morphology of the ash by extracting a ` cubic chunk ' of sediment from the hearth before hardening it in the lab .
they then cut it into thin slices and examined them under a microscope to determine the exact composition of the materials to reveal how they were formed .
in and around the hearth