by .
talal musa .
published : .
14:05 est , 16 july 2012 .
| .
updated : .
14:06 est , 19 july 2012 .
saddle up , marine !
because this is looking like the game fans of the films have been waiting for -- a true sequel to james cameron 's 1986 masterpiece , aliens .
knock , knock : an alien lurks behind an unsuspecting , and soon to be dead , grunt .
aliens : colonial marines is told through the eyes of corporal christopher winter .
a group of grunts are sent to investigate the uss sulaco in search of ellen ripley , corporal dwayne hicks and the rest of the missing soldiers who were dispatched to lv-426 .
using authentic environments inspired by the films , including hadley 's hope itself , the game promises to immerse you in the eerie , claustrophobic world that made the film series such a blockbuster success .
first off , it 's clear the game is in safe hands as gearbox , the team behind the critically acclaimed borderlands and brothers in arms games , are behind the wheel .
having seen the game in action , it looks superb -- leaps and bounds above the average-at-best first-person blooper shooter , aliens vs predator .
lighting , as predicted , is the star of the show -- creating the oppressive , nerve-shredding atmosphere aliens fans have long waited for .
erm , i 've found something !
you 'll fight some old foes .
we watched as the marines did a ` sweep ' of hadley 's hope - the frayed wires and twisted metal are all that remains of what was once a place where families lived .
stagnant water dripped from exposed pipes as the soldiers meandered their way through the dark , bitterly cold metal maze .
it was only a matter of time before their motion trackers registered movement - the haunting ` beep ' stopping the patrol in their tracks .
and then they came - dragging one grunt face-first through a vent - his blood-curdling echo cut ruthlessly short with an almighty thud .
aliens burst from every crack and cranny - their terrifying ` hisses ' drowning out the high-pitched blasts from the solders ' pulse rifles .
the aliens ' animations are superb .
they crawl and