by .
george mair .
updated : .
11:32 est , 18 january 2012 .
the haunting facial cast of mass murderer william burke , taken shortly before his execution , is to go on display later this month .
it will be shown alongside burke 's skeleton at the university of edinburgh 's anatomy museum as part of an exhibition of medical artefacts .
together with accomplice william hare , burke carried out at least 15 murders in the 1820s and sold the bodies for use in anatomy lessons .
exhibit a : dr gordon findlater holds the death mask of mass murderer william burke , soon to go on public display .
last look : the museum also boasts the death mask of sir isaac newton , who discovered gravity , left , and scottish writer sir walter scott .
when the pair were caught , hare was offered immunity from prosecution if he confessed and agreed to testify against his former partner .
burke was sentenced to death by hanging in 1829 , and then publicly dissected at the edinburgh medical college .
the dissecting professor , alexander monro , dipped his quill pen into burke 's blood and wrote , ` this is written with the blood of wm burke , who was hanged at edinburgh .
this blood was taken from his head .
' edinburgh university 's museum of anatomy has now undergone a major revamp , and will open to the public on january 28 -- the 183rd anniversary of burke 's execution .
more than 40 masks , created from casts taken in both life and death , will be on display .
historic faces on show will include sir walter scott , isaac newton , shakespeare and king george iii .
such masks were popular in the 19th century , when they were used in the now-discredited practice of phrenology .
this postulated that the shape and size of a person 's skull could help explain their mind and behaviour .
other artefacts at the museum include 19th century anatomical teaching models made from wax and wood , as well as a preserved body from the late 1790s , which is exhibited alongside an etching carried out when the remains were embalmed .
ghoulish : dr findlater with william burke 's skeleton , which was previously kept under lock and key