formula one star michael schumacher has been dumped by wealthy sponsors since the ski accident which left him ` paralysed ' formula one star michael schumacher has been dumped by wealthy sponsors since the ski accident which left him ` paralysed ' and close to death .
the seven-time champion is expected to lose out on more than # 4million a year as a result of the decisions by companies who no longer see him as a role model for their products .
fashion firms navyboot and jet set have reportedly severed all commercial ties with the recovering coma victim as doubts remain over the chances of a full recovery .
schumacher , 45 , suffered severe head injuries while skiing with his family in the french alps in december last year .
he is currently recovering , but is said to be ` paralysed , wheelchair-bound and unable to speak ' , according to former racing driver philippe streiff .
a spokeswoman for phillipe gaydoul , who owns the fashion firms , confirmed the decision to the end the lucrative contract , which paid schumacher # 4million a year .
` it is not easy for schumacher 's sponsors : paying out millions of swiss francs per year and receiving nothing back since the crash , ' said swiss news website bluewin .
` but must they separate in this situation from the formula 1 legend ?
it is a balancing act : on the one hand , the sponsors must pursue economic objectives , which point towards for a parting .
on the other hand it will not be well received in public if you are turning your back on schumacher at this difficult time .
' earlier this year the german mineral water company rosbacher reportedly annulled its contract with him .
it is not yet clear which other companies have severed their links with schumacher , who is being cared for by a team of specialists at his # 35million mansion on the shores of lake geneva .
scroll down for video .
phillipe gaydoul -lrb- left -rrb- , owner of the fashion firms navyboot and jet set , has publicly severed his commercial ties with the 45-year-old recovering coma victim .
german mineral water company rosbacher reportedly annulled its contract with the formula one star .
mercedes and wealth management firm dvag have promised to