darren bent pounced in stoppage time to rescue a 1-1 draw for derby against brentford at the ipro stadium .
the bees controlled the game for long periods after going ahead through alex pritchard 's brilliant strike - but missed chances in the second half came back to haunt them when bent grabbed his 10th goal for the rams .
derby went into the game knowing they needed to win to keep their slim hopes of automatic promotion alive and tom ince twice went close in the opening seven minutes .
alex pritchard celebrates his stunning strike with his brentford team-mates , after putting his side ahead .
derby : grant , keogh , albentosa , forsyth , warnock -lrb- whitbread 78 mins -rrb- , russell -lrb- dawkins 46 -rrb- , bryson -lrb- lingard 78 -rrb- , hendrick , ince , bent , martin .
subs not used : ward , roos , hanson , thomas .
booked : bryson .
goal : bent 92 .
brentford : button , odubajo , dean , tarkowski , bidwell , douglas , diagouraga , jota -lrb- dallas 70 -rrb- , pritchard -lrb- toral 86 -rrb- , judge , gray -lrb- smith 80 -rrb- .
subs not used : craig , mccormack , bonham , o'connell .
goal : pritchard 21 .
booked : tarkowski .
referee : graham scott .
the on-loan hull winger was caught by toumani diagouraga in the fifth minute and curled the 25-yard free-kick over the wall and just past david button 's left post with the goalkeeper desperately scrambling to get across .
button had to plunge to his right two minutes later when ince curled a shot from the edge of the box but brentford hit back in the 14th minute when jota 's header set up moses odubajo for a shot that lee grant pushed away .
grant was relieved to see a free-kick from alan judge whistle past his left post after pritchard was tripped by raul albentosa just outside the area in the 22nd minute - but he was beaten by a quality goal six minutes later .
diagouraga tackled jeff hendrick deep in his own half and found jonathan douglas who quickly released judge , before pritchard went past richard keogh and craig bryson and bent a right foot shot from the edge of the box past the despairing dive of grant