by .
chris brooke .
published : .
14:47 est , 19 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
14:47 est , 19 december 2012 .
caring : shannon was a ` loving and absolutely fantastic daughter ' and her father said : ` the day shannon died we died ' a teenager died from undiagnosed deep vein thrombosis just hours after visiting an out-of-hours doctor 's surgery .
student shannon deakin , 16 , limped into the surgery with ` knife-like ' pains after her left thigh became swollen and turned red .
newly-qualified locum general practitioner dr karim mohammed diagnosed an infection and gave her antibiotics and anti-inflammatory drugs at the care uk walk-in centre .
shannon , of hoyland in south yorkshire , was told to see her own gp within 24 or 48 hours and have an ultrasound scan if she was not any better - but she collapsed and died at home about 12 hours later .
after the sheffield inquest her parents bryan , 59 , and sue , 44 , said they were considering taking legal action against the gp and care uk .
mr deakin said of their only child : ` we do n't think she was given a chance .
' an expert emergency medical consultant dr alan fletcher told the sheffield hearing if shannon had been referred to hospital that day she would likely have shown a high score on tests for dvt .
she would have been given an ultrasound scan which would have led to treatment and her chances of survival would have been greatly improved .
but he could not say shannon , who had 11 gcses and was training to be a midwife , would ` more likely than not have survived if she had reached this point in treatment .
' the gp should also have examined shannon 's calves where swelling is a tell-tale sign of dvt but it was so rare in someone of her age a gp would think it was the least likely option .
dianette : women taking a contraceptive pill are more likely to develop blood clots .
delivering a narrative verdict , coroner chris dorries said he had considered whether there was ` culpable human failure ' in shannon 's death or whether it had been ` contributed to by neglect ' but he found the