police officers failed to spot that an elderly widow whose throat had been cut had been murdered .
una crown , 86 , was repeatedly stabbed in the neck and then set on fire in the horrific attack at the bungalow where she lived alone .
but detectives , paramedics and firefighters trampled through her home , ` severely contaminating ' the murder scene , after concluding that she had somehow set herself alight after falling on her cooker .
police had found the body of the retired postmistress , pictured with late husband jack roland crown , covered in blood and with her clothing ` burnt to a crisp ' in the hallway .
muddy footprints were left on the floor , a detective touched her front door key with his bare hand and her grieving family was even allowed into the property to clean it up .
concerns were only raised two days later by a mortuary technician .
it was another two days before a pathologist examined the body and confirmed the fatal injuries , along with multiple defensive wounds on mrs crown 's hands .
detectives are still hunting the killer two years after her brutal death .
coroner william morris yesterday attacked the services involved for allowing vital clues to be lost as he recorded a verdict of unlawful killing .
` i have to say the handling of evidence by the police has been unfortunate , ' he said .
a theory was formed relatively early on by acting detective sergeant simon gledhill that una crown had fallen on the hob or cooker and somehow set fire to herself and panicked , and had a heart attack and collapsed in the hallway .
` in this suspicious death , foul play was too readily dismissed by police officers .
' not treating the area as a full crime scene prevented a ` proper forensic examination ' from being carried out .
mrs crown 's niece , judith paynes , told the hearing she was lost for words .
` i can not understand why this evidence was n't picked up , ' she said .
una crown , 86 , was found dead in the hallway of her bungalow in wisbech , cambridgeshire , after family and neighbours became concerned for her welfare .
mrs crown , a retired postmistress , was found dead