by .
joshua gardner .
nabbed : casey wentworth is accused of stealing a laptop over a year ago .
police arrested him monday after a call he made to apple tech support using the computer 's serial number led police to him .
but was n't an overnight success for owner michael witonis .
a new hampshire man whose mac laptop was swiped from his home while he slept in 2013 may soon finally get it back all because the alleged thief called apple tech support .
but the call was made nearly a year ago and it 's taken since then for michael witonis to convince apple to give police the dirt they have on suspect casey wentworth .
witonis says he finally got them to hand over their records by tweeting at ceo tim cook .
the dover mechanical engineer 's aggravating saga started in february 2013 when someone came into his home and took his macbook air , just months after he 'd purchased the pricey computer .
he 's chalked it up as a loss until a few months later when apple support emailed him regarding a support call made in regards to a computer with the serial number of the one he 'd had stolen .
apple representatives informed him that they could only give their information to police .
` that was the start of an eight-month battle with apple to get the information from them , ' witonis told abcnews.com .
he requests to have them turn the info over to police were met with scripted responses about an internal procedure they have in place for such issues .
but the information stayed put even after witonis obtained subpoenas .
so witonis decided to take his grievance to apple 's ceo himself via social media .
' @tim_cook #feedup with #red - tape in .
the #apple legal department .
2 subpoena still no progress .
i just want .
my stolen #macbook back , ' he tweeted at tim cook last october .
after several months of continued silence , he tweeted again .
' @tim_cook .
please help !
i 'm feed up w / #apple legal dept. 8 months & 2 .
subpoenas later still no progress .
i just want my macbook air back , ' he .
wrote .
scroll down for video .
sluggish : witonis