investors burned by bernard madoff 's ponzi scheme could be getting back more of their money .
the trustee in charge of recovering funds for madoff 's victims said monday he is asking a new york bankruptcy court for permission to distribute another $ 322 million .
this as 55 % of the billions lost by madoff has now been recovered .
scroll down for video .
payback : bernie madoff 's trustee is set to return another $ 322million to duped investors as 55 % of the $ 20billion lost by disgraced money man has now been recovered .
trustee irving picard said that if approved , the latest payment would bring the total distributed so far to madoff investors to $ 7.2 billion .
madoff 's multi-decade fraud lost about $ 20 billion from thousands of investors .
his firm told clients they were gaining steady returns when in fact madoff was using money from new investors to distribute funds to existing clients while financing a lavish lifestyle for him .
picard , appointed after madoff 's scheme collapsed in 2008 , has recovered about $ 10.5 billion .
a hearing is scheduled for january on whether to approve the latest distribution , which would send payments to about 1,000 madoff investors .
the smallest proposed payout is $ 391 , the largest , almost $ 61 million .
the process for returning the recovered funds has been arduous , with victims filing lawsuits and other complaints over how picard has chosen to distribute the money .
madoff , 76 , pleaded guilty to federal fraud charges in march 2009 and is serving a 150-year prison sentence .
going away : annette bongiorno , who worked for madoff from the 1960s until the firm 's collapse in 2008 , was the second of five former employees to be sentenced after being convicted in march of securities fraud .
this comes just two weeks after a former manager at bernard madoff 's firm was sentenced to six years in prison today in new york for helping the convicted fraudster carry out a ponzi scheme that caused investors to lose billions of dollars .
annette bongiorno , who worked for madoff from the 1960s until the firm 's collapse in 2008 , was the second of five former employees to be sentenced after being convicted in march of securities fraud