australia 's medal tally has been extended with two gold , three silvers and one bronze added overnight in glasgow .
laura coles won in a gold-medal shoot-out against elena allen , from wales , in the women 's skeet shooting event .
jack bobridge then won gold in the 4000m individual pursuit , beating compatriot alex edmondson , who claimed silver in an all-australian final .
more success on the cycling track also saw kieran modra and jason niblett take home silver in the men 's 1000m para-cycling , just falling short of the home side by 0.15 seconds .
edmondson 's win comes off her silver medal on friday morning in the 3000m individual pursuit while compatriot amy cure won bronze .
england 's joanna rowsell took gold .
kieran modra and jason nibblet riding to success on day two of the commonwealth games in glasgow .
another silver came from annette edmondson - alex 's sister - who lost out to england 's joanna roswell , in the women 's 3000m individual pursuit .
meanwhile edmondson 's team mate amy cure took out third place in the same event .
these second-day triumphs come after a flying start for australia 's commonwealth games campaign , winning five gold medals on the first day of action .
flagbearer anna meares kicked off the medal spree , claiming gold in the women 's 500m time trial in the velodrome .
meares ' teammate in glasgow , stephanie morton , won the silver in the same event on a great night for australia .
the men 's cycling team then took gold in the 4000m team pursuit while bradie o'connor -lrb- sprint tandem -rrb- and the team sprint foursome both won bronze .
meares looks the picture of determination as she peddles towards a gold medal on the first night of competition .
anna meares salutes the crowd after adding yet another medal to her tally on friday .
in the pool , australia 's swimmers started well with three gold medals .
the 4x100m freestyle relay team consisting of emma mckeon , melanie schlanger and sisters bronte and cate campbell won gold , taking out australian swimming 's first world record since 2009 in the process .
the world record is particularly impressive when you consider the time they beat was set by the dutch in 2009 , who