the mother of an alabama girl testified through tears on monday that the child 's grandmother does n't deserve to live after being convicted of running her nine-year-old granddaughter to death .
heather walker took the stand in support of prosecutors who want the death penalty for her former mother-in-law , joyce hardin garrard .
walker said the 49-year-old garrard ` should n't be spared ' after being convicted of capital murder in the death of savannah hardin .
scroll down for video .
savannah hardin -lrb- left -rrb- died in 2012 after her grandmother punished her by making her run around the house for three hours .
her mother , heather walker -lrb- right -rrb- , told the court that she believes her ex-mother-in-law deserves the death penalty .
joyce hardin garrard was found guilty of capital murder on friday .
after more than three hours of deliberation an etowah county jury found garrard guilty of murder in the death of nine-year-old granddaughter , savannah hardin .
' i personally feel like i see no remorse and she took away my baby 's life , ' walker said of garrard .
seated just a few feet away at the defense table , garrard showed no emotion .
meanwhile , much of walker 's testimony was hard to understand because she was sobbing uncontrollably .
walker , who is divorced from garrard 's son robert and has since remarried , said she was n't allowed to see savannah during the last two years of the girl 's life .
she had sent multiple care packages that were returned to her , and when she would phone the numbers , eventually all the contact numbers she had had been changed .
but then one day a number she did n't recognize phoned her , she told the court on monday , and it was robert calling to say savannah had suffered brain swelling following a seizure .
` how soon can you get here ?
' , he asked .
at that point in her testimony ms walker burst into tears , detailing how she tried frantically to get more information .
when she finally tracked her daughter down at children 's hospital a person on the line said she needed ` the grandmother 's permission ' to give heather any information .
joyce tried to keep heather from being alone