by .
jaymi mccann .
published : .
06:03 est , 11 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:13 est , 11 july 2013 .
it was a moving coming-of age-story , featuring a group of adolescent boys hunting for the body of a missing child .
but in a discovery reminiscent of classic movie stand by me , two teenagers dramatically found a human skull at the bottom of their local river .
christian thompson and robbie cribley , both 13 , were paddling their dinghy on the river coln , in fairford , gloucestershire when they made the discovery .
robbie cribley -lrb- left -rrb- and christian thompson -lrb- right -rrb- found a skull as they were paddling their dinghy down the river .
christian and robbie said they had become stuck on some trees and got out of the boat to try and dislodge it .
` robbie said he could see a skull and i was so shocked when i saw it too , ' christian said .
it was in shallow water close to the bank of the river coln between cinder lane and cutler 's field , just a five minute walk from christian 's house .
at first they thought it was an animal skull until they realised what they had found .
the boys have speculated as to where the skull came from , suggesting that someone was kidnapped and left in the river .
christian 's mum marie admits she thought .
it was an overactive imagination to start with while dad steve .
suspected it would be an animal skull .
` we 're always finding cows teeth and stuff in the river but i 've never know something like this to turn up , ' he said .
` the police did n't even believe it when we rang them too .
' their families are .
still bewildered by the shocking discovery and are keen to know where .
the skull might have come from .
but the 13-year-olds already have their suspicions of what sinister deeds took place .
the scenes are reminiscent of classic coming of age drama stand by me .
a .
group of adolescents search for the body of a missing boy .
' i think someone must have been kidnapped and chucked in the river , ' said christian .