a total of 651 people have arrived in australia from ebola stricken west africa in the past two months .
border staff at australia 's international airports have assessed people from the four affected west african countries - guinea , liberia , sierra leone and nigeria , plus the democratic republic of the congo , over fears they could have come into contact with the deadly disease .
however , the government does not know how many australians are currently in ebola affected west africa , a source has revealed .
they explained that unless travellers register with the government 's smart traveller website before they fly then the government does n't know where they are .
scroll down for video .
the ebola epidemic has killed more than 3,400 people in west africa , including liberia -lrb- pictured -rrb- , according to the world health organisation .
the department of foreign affairs and trade confirmed to daily mail australia that 60 australians are registered on the website as being in guinea , sierra leona and liberia at the moment .
ebola screening measures are being ramped up at international airports around australia after it was revealed eleven australians have been tested and cleared for ebola in recent weeks .
a spokesperson for the australian government department of health said the screening process commenced on 9 august .
` as of 1 october there had been 651 people interviewed , six of whom were referred for further consideration by human quarantine officers , none of whom required any specific action to be taken , ' the spokesperson said .
` of these six , three had been to funerals in nigeria , but none of those people had died of ebola and two were doctors returning from west africa .
` all 651 who were interviewed were given a pamphlet outlining the symptoms they should look out for and the actions they should take if they develop symptoms .
' cairns nurse sue-ellen kovack , 57 , was cleared of ebola on friday by initial tests after she returned from sierra leone with the red cross .
like ms kovack , many australians have travelled to west africa to provide medical and humanitarian aid for ebola sufferers .
the australian branch of médecins sans frontières told daily mail australia they currently have 24 volunteers and staff members from australia and