by .
darren boyle .
sergeant major harry gurung killed a married couple when he had a sneezing fit as he was overtaking them on his way to his army barracks , a court has heard .
a former gurkha was cleared of killing a married couple in a car crash when he suffered a sneezing fit at the wheel .
leading gurkha sergeant major harry gurung , 45 , sneezed four to five times as he overtook a car at 74mph on his way back to his barracks .
he was accused of killing pensioners david and mary marshall when he clipped the rear of their ford ka - but a top expert on the common cold supported his claim that sneezes could be to blame .
professor ronald eccles , director of britain 's common cold centre , said it was ` impossible ' for people to sneeze with their eyes open .
and a jury found gurung not guilty of causing death by dangerous driving and by careless driving .
professor eccles , 66 , who has been studying the common cold for more than 40 years , told the jury : ' a typical sneeze lasts for up to three seconds and both eyes always close during a sneeze .
` if mr gurung sneezed four times he would have been distracted by it for up to 12 seconds .
` his eyes would have been closed for up to four seconds .
'' professor eccles , director of the common cold centre at cardiff university , said years of research had gone into sneezing .
he told the court : ` researchers found that prolonged sneezing is accompanied by a loss of vision and an involuntary closure of the eyes which may be hazardous when driving .
' a sneeze during a critical moment of a journey could have serious consequences .
' professor eccles said a sneeze could be triggered by a jet of air coming from a car 's air conditioning system .
retired raf flight sergeant david marshall , 79 , -lrb- right -rrb- was killed outright in the crash .
his wife , mary , 73 , -lrb- left -rrb- died four days later .
career soldier gurung was driving back to his barracks in brecon , powys , after an all-day army event when he suffered the sneezing fit .