by .
mark prigg .
published : .
21:10 est , 3 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:22 est , 4 january 2013 .
you may not get blood from a stone , but if you happen to have one from mars , you may get water .
a yearlong study of a coal-colored rock from the red planet that was found in the sahara desert has revealed that not only is it older than other martian meteorites , but it also contains 10 times more water than the rest .
the baseball-size meteorite , estimated to be 2 billion years old , is strikingly similar to the volcanic rocks examined on the martian surface by the nasa rovers spirit and opportunity , which found water-bearing minerals .
black beauty : an examination of the martian meteorite known as nwa 7034 that landed in the sahara desert determined it is 2.1 billion years old and is water-rich .
nwa 7034 is made of cemented fragments of basalt , rock that forms from rapidly cooled lava .
the fragments are primarily feldspar and pyroxene , most likely from volcanic activity .
this unusual meteorite 's chemistry matches that of the martian crust as measured by nasa 's mars exploration rovers and mars odyssey orbiter .
` here we have a piece of mars that i can hold in my hands .
that 's really exciting , ' said carl agee , director of the institute of meteoritics and curator at the university of new mexico who led the study published online thursday in the journal science .
` this martian meteorite has everything in its composition that you 'd want in order to further our understanding of the red planet , ' he said .
` this unique meteorite tells us what volcanism was like on mars 2 billion years ago .
` it also gives us a glimpse of ancient surface and environmental conditions on mars that no other meteorite has ever offered .
' a scan of the meteorite : white material is ilmenite , light gray crystals are cl-apatite , medium dark crystals are andesine , darkest crystals are sanidine -lrb- k-feldspar -rrb- , and white fine .
grained crystals are magnetite or other iron-oxide .
most space rocks that fall to earth as meteorites originate in the asteroid belt , but a number come