by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
05:07 est , 4 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:39 est , 4 january 2013 .
the company which leased the deepwater horizon rig to oil giant bp has been fined $ 1.4 billion after admitting its role in the gulf of mexico disaster that triggered the worst oil spill in u.s. history .
swiss-based transocean pleaded guilty to violating the clean water act after its rig exploded in april 2010 , killing 11 workers and spewing millions of barrels of oil into the ocean .
the deal with the u.s. department of justice comes after bp agreed its own $ 4.5 billion settlement with authorities back in november over criminal charges relating to the disaster .
disaster : the fire on board the mobile offshore drilling rig deepshore horizon following the explosion in april 2010 .
the u.s. department of justice said transocean admitted its crew members were ` negligent in failing fully to investigate clear indication that the macondo well was not secure and that oil and gas were flowing into the well ' .
bp , which has long argued that it was not the only company responsible , said : ` in settling , transocean has acknowledged that it played a significant role and has responsibility for the accident .
transocean is finally starting , more than two-and-a-half years after the accident , to do its part for the gulf coast .
' under the terms of the proposed deal , transocean will pay its fine over five years , and the department of justice will not pursue further prosecution of the company .
blame : swiss-based transocean , which leased the rig to bp , has been fined $ 1.4 billion after admitting its role in the disaster .
spill : workboats are seen operating close to the transocean development drilling rig ii at the site of the deepwater horizon disaster in the gulf of mexico .
assistant attorney general for the us justice department 's criminal division lanny breuer said : ` transocean 's rig crew accepted the direction of bp well site leaders to proceed in the face of clear danger signs - at a tragic cost to many of them .
` transocean 's agreement to plead guilty to a federal crime , and to pay a total of 1.4