at what age and stage do you finally give up on finding the ` perfect ' partner ?
one study found the average woman will kiss 15 men , have two-long term relationships and have her heart broken twice before she finds the person she 'll settle down with .
but what if you 're way past that , still counting and still not found the right person ?
scroll down for video .
tracey says that if he or she is the one then you should see your relationship as a place of safety and support not a battleground where you have to be on your guard .
is it sensible to settle for that perfectly-nice-but-not-perfect relationship you 're in ?
or are you settling for second best ?
fifteen relationship books , umpteen columns and two decades of researching sex and relationships later , here 's what i think are the crucial questions to ask yourself .
do you only ever date one ` type ' ?
the more varied your dating habits and the more different types of people you know and go out with , the more chance you have of finding someone who will truly make you happy .
look back at your last five relationships : have you just dated the same person , over and over and still not happy ?
if this is you , do n't settle with the person you 're with .
deliberately date someone who is completely different than what you 're used to and see how that makes you feel .
what personality type are you ?
how important is chemistry to you ?
the kneejerk reaction is ` very !
' and if you 're an intense person , hang out for someone you feel a strong , powerful connection with .
feeling content with your partner should make you feel warm and fuzzy rather than anxious and nervous .
but if the word ` content ' makes you feel warm and fuzzy rather than ancient and anxious , it 's perfectly possible to click with someone and have a lovely time together without ever feeling the hollywood version of ` chemistry ' with that person .
controlled ` sensible ' relationships suit lots of people .
if you 're quite happy being with your partner and it 's your friends telling you it 's not