by .
martin robinson .
published : .
02:59 est , 7 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:11 est , 7 january 2013 .
new allegations : the met police will reveal that jimmy savile abused the sick and dying at a uk hospice .
jimmy savile targeted at least one uk hospice where he abused sick and dying patients , as well as the staff caring for them , an official report will reveal this week .
the metropolitan police will also name hospitals , prisons and schools across the uk where the paedophile dj sexually assaulted and raped at least 200 people .
although savile 's abuse at stoke mandeville , broadmoor and leeds general infirmary hospitals have become well-known since his death , it is thought he may have attacked people in at least seven other places .
some of these institutions allowed him to wander around freely , handed him sets of keys to visit out of hours and even gave him his own room with a bed to sleep in .
but his attacks in the unnamed hospice were unknown until now .
mark williams-thomas , the former policeman whose itv documentary exposed savile , said : ` there seems to be nowhere savile went .
where he did not abuse people .
' the name and location of the hospice will be revealed in the met 's first report into his crimes , written by officers working on operation yewtree .
scotland yard told mailonline today they would not comment on the latest allegations but confirmed their report would be released imminently .
the met say a total of 31 allegations of rape have been made against savile so far .
and 589 people have come forward with information relating to the scandal , with a total of 450 complaints against the bbc presenter and dj himself , mainly alleging sexual abuse .
meanwhile , dj dave lee travis has been bailed again by police investigating the jimmy savile sex abuse scandal and other unconnected allegations .
the former radio one presenter denied groping two women in bbc studios when he was held in november and said that in the past , tactile behaviour was regarded as ` giving somebody a cuddle ' .
travis , 67 , has taken great pains to distance himself from savile and stressed the allegations