by .
sadie whitelocks .
last updated at 3:14 pm on 21st november 2011 .
get set for a cyber frenzy , as today is set to be the busiest online shopping day of the year .
dubbed mega monday , it is anticipated that millions of uk consumers will scour the internet for festive bargains and christmas gifts .
sales are expected to reach # 424 million over the course of the day , with people spending on average around # 300,000 a minute .
mega monday : according to forecasts online shopping sales are expected to reach # 424 million over the course of the day .
in the run-up to christmas it is expected that more than # 13 billion will be spent online - a further blow to the high street where sales are expected to drop by 2.1 per cent .
it is usually the monday closest to december , when shoppers receive their last monthly pay packet that this internet phenomenon occurs .
but according to research shopping comparison website kelkoo , people are stocking up early as extreme weather caused a backlog of orders last december .
yule tide : many say that online shopping is more convenient and less stressful .
a spokesperson at kelkoo , said : ` with # 424 million being spent on just one day , .
monday will be a hugely significant day for online retailers .
` overall , the six weeks in the run-up .
to christmas will be a time for e-tailers to really boost their sales .
figures at the end of a challenging trading year .
' the estimated figures are a considerable increase from last year .
gifts 33.7 per cent .
christmas travel 24.5 per cent .
decorations 20.6 per cent .
food and drink 6.7 per cent .
according to centre for retail research .
according to a study commissioned by online consultancy tealeaf , shoppers only spent # 2.8 bn online over the same period in 2010 .
popular purchases included apple gadgets such as the ipad and ipod touch , televisions , video games , .
lego toys and the children 's mini micro scooter .
lunch time was the busiest time as millions of office workers logged on at their work computers .
the peak minute was at 1.15 pm where e-tailers collectively took # 832,000