a federal judge has ordered the us military to release photographs of detainees being abused in iraq and afghanistan .
u.s. district judge alvin hellerstein 's ruling on friday gives the government , which has fought the case for over a decade , two months to decide whether to appeal before the photos could be released .
the american civil liberties union has been seeking to make them public in the name of holding government accountable .
the fight over the photographs reaches back to the early years of the wars in iraq and afghanistan , and it invokes the images of abuse at the abu ghraib prison in iraq that sparked international outrage after they emerged in 2004 and 2006 .
this image shows an unidentified detainee standing on a box with a bag on his head and wires attached to him at the abu ghraib prison in baghdad .
a federal judge has ordered that more pictures of inmate abuse must be shared by the us military .
` to allow the government to suppress any image that might provoke someone , somewhere , to violence would be to give the government sweeping power to suppress evidence of its own agents ' misconduct , ' said jameel jaffer , aclu deputy legal director .
` giving the government that kind of censorial power would have implications far beyond this specific context .
' the defense department is studying the ruling and will make any further responses in court , spokesman lt. col. myles caggins iii said .
early in the 2004 lawsuit , the aclu pointed to the abu ghraib photos as priority examples of records the organization was seeking on the treatment of detainees .
it 's unclear how many more photographs may exist .
the government has said it has 29 relevant pictures from at least seven different sites in afghanistan and iraq , and it 's believed to have perhaps hundreds or thousands more , hellerstein said in a ruling in august .
he said some photos he had seen ` are relatively innocuous while others need more serious consideration , ' and he has ruled that any images that would be released would be redacted to protect the identities of people in them .
some photographs , taken by service members in iraq and afghanistan , were part of criminal investigations of alleged abuse