by .
alex ward .
published : .
06:31 est , 5 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:47 est , 5 march 2013 .
a pilot , who was about to fly a plane with hundreds of passengers on board , has been suspended by his employer after he was suspected of being over the legal alcohol limit .
the 51-year-old man , who works for holiday airline thomson airways , was stopped and detained by west midlands police at birmingham airport on sunday february 10 just minutes before he boarded the plane .
although the pilot has since been told he will face no further police action , thomson is carrying out its own investigation into the incident .
unfit for duty : a 51-year-old pilot employed by thomson airways has been suspended on suspicion of being over the legal alcohol limit after he was arrested on february 10 .
a spokeswoman for the airline said : ` thomson airways is aware that allegations of an aviation offence brought against one of our pilots have been dropped .
` however , we are continuing to conduct an internal investigation into the situation and the pilot in question has been suspended .
` we are not able to comment further until our investigations are complete .
' the pilot , who has not been named , .
was initially released on bail pending further inquiries after being .
arrested inside the airport on suspicion of being unfit to perform .
aviation duties due to drink .
a west midlands police spokesman confirmed : ' a 51-year old man was arrested on suspicion of being unfit to perform aviation duties due to drink .
' airline 's investigation : while the pilot will face no further police action , thomson airways is carrying out its own investigation into the incident after he was arrested at birmingham airport -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
it was not known where in the airport the pilot was arrested or whether it was the result of a tip-off or a random check .
all pilots and cabin crew operating in the uk are governed by the aviation section of the railways and transport act 2003 .
drunk on duty : air stewardess stephanie partington admitted being unable to perform her duties due to drink on a flight from dubai to birmingham last year .