by .
martin robinson .
published : .
09:36 est , 10 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:28 est , 10 october 2013 .
speaker 's wife sally bercow has for the first time revealed a tattoo dedicated to her three children .
the heart-shaped tribute to oliver , nine , freddie , eight , and jemima , five , is on her left shoulder and was unveiled on a television programme where she was quizzed about being a celebrity mother .
while mrs bercow appeared to enjoy the limelight of being on tv , her youngest child struggled and was reduced to tears during the filming of itv 's big star 's little star .
after getting stage-fright five-year-old .
jemima was taken off three times during the hit show , which .
she took part in alongside her mother .
scroll down for video .
on show : sally bercow 's tattoo was revealed to the nation on itv last night , and it is a tribute to her three young children .
permanent : it is in the shape of a heart formed by the names of oliver , nine , freddie , eight , and jemima , five .
stage fright : five-year-old jemima , pictured with host stephen mulhern and her mother , was taken off the stage three times during the hit show .
the 43-year-old is rarely out of the spotlight and revealed earlier this year that she has her first tattoo , but refused to say where it was .
she was photographed outside a chester parlour with celebrity big brother friend paddy doherty , and both had one done at the same time .
mrs bercow has left twitter after she libelled tory peer lord mcalpine , after she sent a tweet to her 56,000 followers falsely implying he was a paedophile .
but at the time of her new tattoo she wrote : ` been dithering for years .
really pleased with this one , though - will never regret having tatt of my kids .
` friends warned me but compared to childbirth -lrb- with gas & air !
-rrb- , it was a doddle !
' watch online with itvplayer .
good cause : on the show children of celebrities answering questions about their famous mother or father , who have to guess their response