by .
simon tomlinson .
updated : .
08:46 est , 10 november 2011 .
all 20,000 british troops will be withdrawn from germany by 2020 , bringing to an end a continuous presence since 1945 , it will be announced today .
under the strategic defence and security review , hundreds of military personnel will return home in january .
the ministry of defence confirmed that an announcement will be made about the pull-out of uk forces , who have had a presence on the rhine since the end of the second world war .
ready to move : a convoy of challenger tanks on exercise in the british army training ground near the german town of belsen in 2003 .
all british forces will be withdrawn from the country by 2020 , it will be announced today .
camaraderie : british soldiers pose with the british flag in front of two challenger tanks of the king 's royal hussars before leaving their base in muenster on april 15 , 1999 to assist with the humanitarian effort in macedonia .
timetable : defence secretary philip hammond is due to announce detailed plans for the withdrawal today .
the forces were initially tasked with ensuring the stability of germany after the fall of the nazis , but troops remained to deter the russians from advancing from the east as cold war tensions grew .
according to the daily telegraph , .
1,800 troops will leave by january and another 8,200 by 2015 .
the rest .
will be back by the end of the decade - 15 years earlier than first .
proposed .
the withdrawal has been accelerated as part of the budget cuts that aim to streamline the armed forces .
the .
first unit to move will be 43 close support squadron of the royal .
logistics corps , which will go from gutersloh in germany to abingdon in .
oxfordshire , it was reported .
proud : the queen returns to inspect the royal tank regiment in sennelagar , near paderborn , during a parade in july 1985 .
surrendering german troops march past anti-tank gun after british forces press into germany in 1945 .
allied forces occupied the country after the fall of the nazis to ensure stability in europe .
at the end of the second world war , germany was divided by the