tens of thousands of families will have their benefits slashed by up to # 60 a week under a new welfare cap , david cameron will propose today .
households would be unable to claim more than # 23,000 a year in handouts for housing and living costs if the conservatives win the next election .
and jobless youngsters would be stripped of benefits altogether under radical plans to save # 300million .
scroll down for video .
david cameron is to announce plans for a # 23,000 cap on housing and living benefits among families .
the welfare cuts would squeeze the incomes of 100,000 families , but plough massive investment into creating apprenticeships for school leavers .
the prime minister will today issue a ` call to arms ' to firms to train three million youngsters in an ambitious drive to achieve ` full youth employment ' within the next parliament .
he will argue it is vital to make ` difficult decisions ' over welfare to ensure youngsters ` have the skills to compete with the rest of the world ' .
on a visit to a manufacturing plant , mr cameron will call for every ftse100 company , as well as hundreds of smaller firms , to take on apprentices with an injection of # 1billion in funding .
a clutch of household names have already signed up to offer training , including the national grid , microsoft , balfour beatty , nestle , airbus , jaguar land rover , barclays and bt .
many of the apprenticeships will be at ` advanced ' level -- equivalent to ` a ' levels , and around 15,000 of them will involve paid technical training up to degree level .
mr cameron will say today : ` because of difficult decisions we will make on welfare , we will deliver three million apprenticeships by 2020 .
this is a crucial part of our long-term economic plan to secure a better future for britain .
` it will help give us the skills to compete with the rest of the world .
and it will mean more hope , more opportunity , and more security for our young people , helping them get on in life and make something of themselves .
' reducing the welfare cap from # 26,000 to # 23,000 -- or around # 440 a