a russian rocket blasted off today to deliver three new crew members to the international space station - including italy 's first female astronaut .
soyuz tma-15m , holding incoming station commander terry virts , with the us space agency nasa , left the baikonur cosmodrome in kazahkstan .
also on board for the lift-off at 3am local time -lrb- sunday 9pm gmt -rrb- was soyuz commander anton shkaplerov , with the russian federal space agency .
here we go : russia 's soyuz tma-15m spacecraft blasts off from the launch pad at russian-leased baikonur cosmodrome in kazahkstan today .
we have lift off : russia 's soyuz tma-15m rocket is delivering three new crew members to the international space station .
and they 're off : the astronauts were expected to reach the station , which flies about 260 miles above earth , less than six hours after taking off .
launch : the crew face a busy six months in orbit , including a trio of spacewalks to prepare the station for a new fleet of space taxis .
space adventure : they are due to begin flying crew to the international space station in late 2017 .
completing the trio was first-time flier samantha cristoforetti , with the european space agency .
they were expected to reach the station , which flies about 260 miles above earth , less than six hours after lift-off .
the station , owned and operated by 15 nations , serves an orbiting laboratory for life science , materials research and technology development .
it also hosts other experiments that take advantage of the unique microgravity environment and vantage point of space .
mr virts said : ` i think that 100 -lrb- or -rrb- 500 years from now , people will look back on this as the initial baby steps that we took going into the solar system .
waving goodbye : samantha cristoforetti from italy -lrb- right -rrb- and us astronaut terry virts -lrb- left -rrb- during a sending-off ceremony before the launch .
crew members : us astronaut terry virts -lrb- left -rrb- russian cosmonaut anton shkaplerov -lrb- centre -rrb- and italian astronaut samantha cristoforetti .
through the glass : mr virts , mr shkaplerov and miss cristoforetti speak with their relatives prior to the launch of the rocket in kazakhstan .
emotional moment : mr shkaplerov -lrb- left