barcelona thanked thomas vermaelen for turning down manchester united and reassured supporters his injury problems are behind him when the 28-year-old central defender was presented at the camp nou on sunday .
referring to united , barcelona 's sporting director andoni zubizarreta said : ` he had offers from one of the biggest clubs in world football and we appreciate the fact that he chose to come here instead .
' vermaelen added : ` this is one of the biggest clubs in the world so it was not a difficult decision to make .
everyone wants to play here and i 'm not an exception .
' video scroll down to watch thomas vermaelen unveiled at the nou camp .
new man : thomas vermaelen has been officially unveiled as a barcelona player at the nou camp after the completion of his # 15m move from arsenal .
in the squad : vermaelen will wear the no 23 shirt at the nou camp having signed a five-year contract .
close control : the belgian defender showed off his keepie-uppie skills for the assembled media and fans .
good old knees up : vermaelen was linked with manchester united for much of the summer but arsenal preferred to sell their captain to an overseas club .
wave : vermaelen has committed to the catalan club until the 2018-2019 season .
new colours : vermaelen with barcelona director andoni zubizarreta -lrb- left -rrb- and vice-president jordi mestre proudly show off their latest signing .
the player was asked numerous questions regarding his injury record but zubizarreta defended the signing saying : ` we have no doubt about the fitness of thomas .
` he can play at left-back as well as in the centre of defence so he gives us a versatility that we will need over the long season .
we have followed him for a long time because he is the type of player that fits the way we play .
' the player himself spoke of a ` fresh start ' admitting that his last season at the emirates had been difficult .
' i want to look forward not back and the desire is there to play a lot of games , i believe i can .
last year was disappointing with injuries but that happens sometimes in a long career .
i hope that i will