by .
steph cockroft .
allison baden-clay was murdered by her husband gerard at their home in brisbane , australia .
the great-grandson of lord baden-powell , the founder of the world-wide scout movement , was yesterday sentenced to life in jail for murdering his former beauty queen wife .
gerard baden-clay , 43 , killed his wife allison at their home in brisbane , australia , during an argument before dumping her body beside a river several miles away .
mrs baden-clay 's family , who were seated in the crowded public gallery , cheered when the jury said they found her husband guilty at the end of the high-profile six-week trial .
he will serve 15 years in jail before he is eligible for parole .
the court had heard that baden-clay had multiple pressures weighing down on him on the night his wife disappeared in april 2012 , among them the fact that he was having an affair and his brisbane real estate business was in debt .
crown prosecutor todd fuller , qc , told the court that baden-clay had ` efficiently and effectively ' killed his wife , probably by smothering her , as she fought for her life at their home .
during the struggle , he said mrs baden-clay scratched her husband 's face as she tried to fight him off .
` they are fingernail marks , they are on his face , they occurred after his children went to sleep and before his children got up , ' said the prosecutor .
` there was a struggle between the two of them and she left her mark upon him .
gerard baden-clay , pictured here giggling on camera and saying ` everything is going to be all right ' , has been jailed for life with a non-parole period of 15 years .
` they are damning and link to the act of violence without any doubt .
' after .
killing his wife , the court heard , baden-clay dragged her body across .
the back patio , where leaves unique to the property became entangled in .
her hair and clothing .
he .
then drove with the body to a bridge nearly eight miles away away and .
dragged his wife down an embankment where he left her .
it was 11 days .
before her body was