by .
victoria woollaston .
norfolk has once again been shown to be a treasure trove of archaeological finds after a second timber circle was uncovered off its coast .
the bronze age wooden structure was first discovered in the late 1990s on the beach by holme-next-to-sea , and tests have now revealed it dates back to the summer of 2049 bc .
that 's the same year as the timber used to build the original seahenge circle , discovered in norfolk in 1998 was felled .
a second timber circle has been uncovered -lrb- pictured -rrb- , 15 years after the first , dubbed seahenge , was found along the norfolk coast .
the bronze age timber circle has been tested by archaeologists and dates to the summer of 2049 bc .
experts believe the upturned stump was a final resting place for an important person .
specifically , research by norfolk county council 's historic environment team has confirmed that seahenge 's sister circle was made from trees felled in the spring or summer of 2049bc .
heralded as one of the greatest .
discoveries of the late 20th century , the iconic timber circle of .
seahenge , also known as holme i , sparked controversy when it was discovered , over whether it should be dug up and .
preserved for posterity , or left where it was .
the timbers came from a circle 21ft -lrb- 6.6 m -rrb- in diameter , comprising 55 closely-fitted oak posts , each originally up to -lrb- 10ft -lrb- 3 metres -rrb- in length .
this .
latest find looks similar to the original circle , and features two oak logs laid flat at its centre , surrounded by posts .
the two circles , before holme i was removed , were approx .
100m apart .
where seen , holme ii timbers were , in 2004 , around 2.5 ft -lrb- 0.76 metres long -rrb- , with the top 50 per cent eroded and damaged .
the diameter of circle , was around 42ft -lrb- 13 metres -rrb- and the monument once had two central logs , with two posts to the east and two to the west .
these were surrounded by a central wooden oval made from 15 posts and two courses of hurdling .
to the east of this was an inner arc of at