by .
katy winter .
published : .
07:34 est , 27 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
11:36 est , 27 january 2014 .
you might think it tricky to get any more make-up on to kim kardashian 's face .
but you 'd be wrong .
a newcastle-based make-up artist has now created a likeness of the future mrs kanye west using only lipstick , blusher and eye liner .
beautician and mother-of-four maxine ayre , 34 , has turned painter , creating realistic artworks of celebrities including kim , beyonce and cheryl cole using only cosmetics .
maxine ayre paints the unmistakable images using a range of luxury , professional make-up products to replicate the longed-for beauty looks worn by naomi campbell , beyonce and cheryl cole .
the finished portrait of kim kardashian perfectly captures her signature make-up look , as well as being a stunning portrait of the reality star .
maxine has only .
been doing the ` make-up art ' for three months , but has already been .
inundated with requests from people who want her to emulate their favourite famous .
icons .
she specialises in using everyday products to capture the pristine celebrity look on canvas - using everything from eye liner and blusher to lip gloss and eye shadow .
maxine said : ` i 've been really surprised at the response i get from people on social networks every time i post a picture .
' i have received some lovely comments from some amazing and very talented people who are well recognised in the make-up world .
and i am slowly building up followers on instagram and twitter .
' i have even received a number of requests from fans of my work , asking me to draw them in make-up .
' maxine uses all the tricks of the trade to create her artwork , which she draws onto canvas , replicating the looks often seen on popular celebrities such as cheryl cole .
mother-of-four maxine has 16 years of .
experience working in the beauty industry and now runs her own .
freelance hair and make-up company , maximillion hair and make-up .
the .
inspiration for the portraits came after maxine watched naomi campbell .
on tv show the face , and thought what an amazing job it would be to do