convicted rapist ched evans has moved step a closer to returning to professional football after it was revealed he will start training with former club sheffield united this week .
more than 150,000 people have signed an online petition urging the club not to let him return after he was jailed for five years for raping a 19-year-old in hotel room in front of friends .
he was released last month and continues to deny he raped the girl in a premier inn in his hometown of rhyl , north wales .
evans will not be paid for his time back with the club on a pfa-style trial with the blades , who plan to release a statement later this week .
controversial : rapist ched evans will start training with his former club sheffield united this week despite 150,000 people demanding the club turn him away .
new start : ched evans is to marry his fiancée natasha massey after proposing shortly after he was released from prison , where he served half of a five-year sentence for raping a 19-year-old girl .
man city -lrb- 2007-09 -rrb- : 16 games , 1 goal .
norwich -lrb- loan , 2007-08 -rrb- : 28 games , 10 goals .
sheff utd -lrb- 2009-12 -rrb- : 103 games , 42 goals .
wales -lrb- 2008-11 -rrb- : 13 games , 1 goal .
but by the end of the week evans will be training with united , where he earned # 20,000 before he was jailed , and is likely to be the final step before he signs for them permanently .
the club has repeatedly refused to rule out signing the player and some of its fans have been chanting his name at games since his release .
sheffield united have already contacted the football association to inform them of the news , according to the bbc .
the former sheffield united and wales striker was released from wymott prison , lancashire in october .
he then proposed to fiancée natasha massey , who has led the campaign against his conviction .
ms massey appeared alongside evans in a recent video he made , in which he insisted he was guilty only of infidelity - not the rape he was jailed for .
in the video , evans apologised to ms massey , who he described as ` the woman