by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
19:21 est , 13 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
12:17 est , 14 february 2014 .
from the period drama settings of downton abbey and pride and prejudice to the reality tv location of made in chelsea or the sedate and serene backdrop of bake off , couples looking to say ` i do ' can now follow in the footsteps of small and silver screen stars for their big day .
from the elegant orangery at goldney hall in bristol , which was recently the set of dr watson 's eventful wedding in sherlock , to clandon park in surrey which was home to keira knightley in the duchess , these are just some of the locations available to hire to provide the ` wow factor ' .
according to a recent survey , church weddings are on the decline with only 35 percent taking place in this traditional venue .
scroll down for video .
sherlock : bristol 's goldney hall was the backdrop for watson 's wedding , and can be hired for # 2,000 .
goldney hall in clifton , bristol , boast traditional english architecture as well as the chance to recreate watson 's wedding .
the old royal naval college , in greenwhich , london , is available to rent for # 92 per person .
skyfall : the college was also used to host the funerals of spies killed in the latest bond movie .
in comparison zoos , lighthouses , boats or eco-houses are all alternative locations that have gained popularity in recent years .
now , you & your wedding venue finder which currently has details of 1,000 wedding venues , has compiled a top ten list of tv and film locations which can be hired for a wedding .
yesterday romance expert tiffany wright , 33 , who co-runs the uk 's only proposal planning agency , said she was not surprised they have become popular choices for weddings .
the cast of made in chelsea often head to the bluebird on kings road to chat about their complex love lives .
to add a touch of chelsea class to your big day , why not rent the bluebird for # 55 per person ?
downton : you could have the run of mrs crawley 's residence ,