a serial cheater who was married to two women at the same time will not be prosecuted for bigamy - even though his first wife reported him to the police .
tatiana ochoa and kenneth decesare tied the knot in daytona beach , florida , in 2011 , two years after they spoke over the telephone in a job interview .
after a rocky start to their marriage , where decesare would spend days away from home at a time , they decided to separate - but did not divorce .
scroll down for video .
first wife : tatiana ochoa and kenneth decesare tied the knot in daytona beach , florida , in 2011 .
they separated after a rocky start to the relationship , but miss ochoa soon discovered he married someone else .
devastated : miss ochoa said there were no words that could hurt her as much when she found out decesare was married to another woman , so she decided to report the matter to the police .
months later miss ochoa was devastated when she found out he had wed another woman , even though they still were legally married .
she told wkmg local 6 that a friend found court documents proving decesare had married alicia fagan in september .
he had been married to the two women at the same time for nine months .
` to hear that he married someone else , i do n't think there are other words that a person could hear that could hurt as much , ' she said .
miss ochoa then reported decesare to the police , saying he had committed bigamy , a felony that carries a five year prison sentence .
he even admitted the crime in a post on his blog called ` the mistake of ken decesare ' .
he wrote : ` on a drug binge , i did not realize what i was doing , but i actually married a woman while i was already married -- upon realizing what i had done , i immediately told her that i could not be with her & we dissolved the marriage -lrb- hence the technically having been married three times -rrb- .
` in my own defense , most of these poor decisions were made under the influence of and/or in the pursuit of substance abuse -- therefore