it is a deadly virus that has so far claimed the lives of more than 3,400 people .
so , when the jacksonville jaguars ' mascot made a joke about ebola , he sparked a storm of criticism .
the mascot , who has played the role of jaxson de ville for 20 seasons , commented on the disease , which recently infected an nbc cameraman , during the game against the pittsburgh steelers in florida yesterday .
referring to steelers ' fans ' iconic ` terrible towels ' , he held up a handwritten sign reading : ` towels carry ebola ' , while carrying one of the yellow towels in his right hand .
under fire : the jacksonville jaguars ' mascot , dubbed jaxson de ville , sparked a storm of criticism with this sign reading : ` towels carry ebola ' .
the sign refers to the pittsburgh steelers ' iconic yellow ` terrible towels ' the large sign immediately prompted outrage among sports fans and social media users alike , with many deeming it ` inappropriate ' and ` ignorant ' .
twitter user ronnie k , who watched the game live , wrote : ` whoever came up with the ebola towel joke in #jacksonville should be fired .
on the spot .
' meanwhile , marc bowers said : ` hey #jaguars .
just maybe this week you can teach your mascot some class .
his ebola sign and holding terrible tower today was ignorant .
' another user added : ` that 's fowl -lrb- sic -rrb- .
you ca n't joke about an epidemic .
' entrance : jaxson de ville is pictured walking on to the field carrying the sign and one of the yellow towels .
criticism : the sign immediately prompted outrage among sports fans and social media users .
above , twitter user ronnie k said the person behind the joke ` should be fired ' shocked : meanwhile , marc bowers -lrb- pictured -rrb- said : ` hey #jaguars .
just maybe this week you can teach your mascot some class .
his ebola sign and holding terrible tower today was ignorant ' behind the joke ?
curtis dvorak -lrb- pictured , right , at southside business men 's club -rrb- has acted as the jaguars ' mascot for nearly 20 seasons .
he is believed