in a world of instant communication , where you can easily find dates online and share intimate pictures in seconds , barely a day goes by without someone being ` caught out ' with an illicit image to the wrong person .
just this week we 've seen kelly brook 's -lrb- now ex -rrb- man david mcintosh accused of sending inappropriate messages to an ex and conservative mp brooks newmark was forced to resign from his post as minister for civil society after he sent pictures of himself in paisley pyjamas to a reporter posing as a woman on what 's app .
is sexting cheating ?
kelly brook dumped fiancé david mcintosh over his alleged texts to ex-girlfriend .
it 's hardly the first time a celebrity has been involved in such scandal .
in 2010 , vernon kay hit the headlines after he was accused of sending x-rated texts to glamour model rhian sugden , but his wife tess daly decided to stand by him .
in the same year , the comedian jason manford stepped down from his presenting role at the one show when he was caught out exchanging sexy twitter messages with a female fan - he and his wife have since split .
but what are the guidelines on sexting ?
is it cheating if you do n't make physical contact ?
the subject has fired up debate with this morning 's agony aunt believing that sending suggestive messages to another person while in a relationship should always be avoided .
speaking on the itv show today , she said : ` adultery is not necessarily the end of a relationship , neither is sexting .
` is it a good idea though ?
no it is not .
' i am on the end of receiving letters , and i get them in droves , it seems to be a compulsion .
brooks newmark has resigned as minister for civil society after he sent pictures of himself in pyjamas to an undercover reporter .
` now you can play out your fantasy on the internet , but it 's not just a fantasy .
` partners feel that something that should be intimate has been shared with someone else .
' i remember talking to a man who had been caught in flagrante on the internet and he said to me in