almost half of all eight year olds and a third of children aged five have fillings or teeth missing because of tooth decay .
furthermore in 2013 , 46 per cent of 15 year olds and 34 per cent of 12 year olds had ` obvious decay ' in their permanent teeth .
while high those figures do represent a slight reduction over the course of a decade , when the comparable figures were 56 per cent and 43 per cent respectively .
the latest figures , published by the health and social care information centre , reveals children are so embarrassed by their rotting teeth that they try to avoid smiling or laughing .
scroll down for video .
the child dental health survey has revealed almost half of all eight year olds and a third of children aged five have fillings or teeth missing because of tooth decay .
various levels of decay affect different parts of the tooth , the initial stages wearing away at the enamel , while more serious forms attack the dentine and pulp , pictured .
the survey of more than 13,500 children and nearly 10,000 dental examinations found dental decay was most pronounced in lower income families - where children are eligible for free school meals .
of those a sample size of 9,866 were surveyed and underwent an examination .
around 40 per cent of five year olds from more deprived families had tooth decay , compared with 29 per cent from less deprived families .
in addition , 59 per cent of 15 year olds from deprived families had tooth decay , compared with 43 per cent from better off families .
meanwhile northern ireland is uncovered as the childhood tooth decay capital of the uk , with 72 per cent of 15 year olds suffering oral disease .
in england that figure is 44 per cent , and wales it is 63 per cent .
but while remaining high , the levels have fallen since 2003 when the comparable figures were 78 per cent , 55 per cent and 65 per cent , respectively .
the child dental health survey reveals a promising trend , experts said , with the extend and severity of tooth decay in permanent teeth of children aged 12 and 15 falling .
the child dental health survey examined the prevalence , severity and extent