stuart ankers admitted theft after stealing more than 50,000 panini world cup stickers .
a driver stole more than 50,000 panini world cup football stickers from a warehouse , a court heard .
stuart ankers could have filled nearly 80 albums with the snatched collectibles , if he did not get any duplicates .
the 37-year-old helped himself to the haul of stickers from the smiths news warehouse in bredbury in stockport , greater manchester .
the former solder had a job collecting and distributing magazines to shops around the region , but instead he began stealing the panini boxes , each worth # 600 .
stockport magistrates court was told he plundered the boxes over a five to six week period .
ankers , of oldham , was caught when warehouse bosses became suspicious and installed cctv .
he was captured on camera scrambling up the shelves to help himself to the stickers .
the thefts happened around may 2014 , just before the world cup in brazil .
prosecutor mark angus said : ` he disputed the theft at first but when he was told there was cctv he admitted the theft to his managers .
' a male in oldham asked him if he could get world cup stickers .
he says he was paid by box he supplied .
' two mathematicians in switzerland had previously worked out the world cup sticker album would cost , on average , # 450 to complete .
with 640 stickers in the panini world cup sticker album and 50p for a pack of six it should cost just # 63.99 to complete the collection .
stuart ankers could have filled nearly 80 panini albums , pictured left , with the snatched collectibles .
in total he made off with 50,000 stickers , like those pictured right .
mathematicians in switzerland had previously worked out the world cup sticker album would cost , on average , # 450 to complete .
however , allowing for duplicates it is estimated that 899 packs are actually needed at a cost of a whopping # 449.50 .
ankers pleaded guilty to theft from an employer at a previous hearing .
however , he told magistrates ' the value of his thefts was between # 5,000 to # 6,000 .
the crown prosecution service had originally placed the value at # 12,000 before accepting