after barcelona beat real madrid 2-1 in an entertaining el clasico on sunday night , rik sharma reveals five things he learned from the nou camp .
and it 's not pretty reading for one gareth bale ... luis suarez has settled perfectly at barcelona .
this was the evening that luis suarez forged his own place in the hearts of barcelona supporters .
he 'd been chipping away at it before , with that fantastic scissors kick goal against levante , with his slew of assists for lionel messi and neymar .
but to score the winner in a clasico and with as much class as he did here , has written him into the history books .
having made his barcelona debut in a disappointing defeat by madrid , sinking his teeth into los blancos here was the perfect revenge for the uruguayan .
barcelona 's attack , with messi and suarez in their prime and neymar growing into his , will be the one to beat for the years to come , unless real madrid shuffle theirs again in the summer .
luis suarez will have forged a place in the hearts of barcelona supporters after his winner in el clasico .
gareth bale continues to regress at real madrid .
it would be unfair to suggest that gareth bale disappears in the big games .
after all , he scored a brilliant copa del rey final winner against barcelona last season , and capped it with the goal which won real madrid the champions league against rivals atletico madrid .
and it was hard not to feel sorry for him at camp nou , when his first-half strike was ruled out thanks to cristiano ronaldo being offside in the build up .
however , the welshman does n't fit the profile of real madrid , when it comes to football .
he is a great player , but one whose pace and power outstrips his technique and tactical acumen .
jordi alba got the better of him and pressure continues to build on the welshman .
he was on the fringes of this clash and the thunderous challenge by gerard pique to end a bale breakaway was his game in a microcosm .
gareth bale does n't fir the profile of real madrid - his pace and power outstrips his technique .
bale looks dejected as