an investigation spanning almost three years into the yearly cost of gun violence covered by u.s. taxpayers has determined the figure to be over $ 229 billion .
the new study , by independent political magazine mother jones , was spawned by the mass shooting in aurora , colorado , in july 2012 during a midnight screening of the dark knight rises , in which 12 people were killed and 70 injured .
the magazine says it set out to determine the amount of money the survivors and victims ' families from that one incident would need , based on medical expenses , lost wages , court costs , therapy and impact on quality of life .
the legal proceedings alone cost $ 5.5 million before the trial of the shooter , james eagan holmes , had even started .
shocking : a new report into the annual economic toll of gun violence in the us determined that taxpayers fork out $ 229 billion annually because of shootings , which is more than $ 700 per person .
that figure is more than apple 's annual revenue of $ 174 billion and the cost of the obesity epidemic , which is $ 224 billion .
the investigation subsequently expanded to account for all the victims of gun-related violence in the u.s. based on yearly figures from 2012 .
at least 750,000 americans have been injured by guns over the last 10 years .
while gun-related deaths seem to be decreasing , with 33,000 each year , gun-related violence is increasing , with 80,000 injured in 2012 .
mother jones reported the rise of gun-related violence to be up 11 percent since 2011 .
despite this increase , no studies have been undertaken to document the cost to society that such shootings demand .
last month , a team doctors noted in the annals of internal medicine that the issue is ' a public health crisis ' .
the medical journal also noted that such studies have been avoided because of the influence that the national rifle association and other pro-gun groups have on political leaders .
the annals of internal medicine called this ` suppression of science ' .
gun violence : although homicides are on the decline across the us , mother jones found 80,000 people were injured by guns in 2012 .
the yearly cost to send someone