expelled : jordan ford was accused of abusing a teacher online after he was told off for dying his hair .
when he was suspended after turning up for school with a dyed red mohican hairstyle , jordan ford decided to take revenge .
the 14-year-old searched his head teacher 's facebook page and found an old picture of her with her hair dyed a bright colour .
jordan then posted the photograph , showing keziah featherstone dressed flamboyantly to promote world book day , on facebook .
underneath the image of miss featherstone in a yellow and green dress , fluorescent pink dr martens boots , purple hair and wearing fake tattoos , he wrote : ` this is not an example to set to other students .
' the posting attracted 50 comments , many of them abusive , and as a result jordan was expelled from bridge learning campus in whitchurch , bristol .
the academy school said he had been excluded permanently for inciting abuse on facebook and failing to apologise .
it claims jordan posted a number of derogatory comments about miss featherstone 's looks and weight .
the school 's chief executive mark davies said the post encouraged other students to cyber bully a member of staff .
but jordan 's parents patricia hedges , 43 , and john ford , 46 , defended their son .
mr ford said : ` my wife went up to the school to see if there was any chance of him going back but because he is a bit of a clown they were looking for an excuse to get rid of him .
` we think it 's unfair .
he dyed his hair red and the school made a really big thing of it but there are teachers up there with coloured hair .
` you ca n't even go to the council -lsb- to appeal against the expulsion -rsb- because the school is an academy .
' mrs hedges , a mother of four , said of the posting of miss featherstone 's picture by her son : ` if she does n't want this , she should have private settings .
` the other children commenting said much worse stuff but jordan is the only one punished .
he 's no angel but i just want him back in education .
' image