by .
pa reporter .
ronny deila admits celtic 's dramatic reinstatement in the champions league despite losing 6-1 on aggregate to legia warsaw in the third qualifying round has left him feeling ` very strange .
' uefa awarded the scottish champions a default 3-0 win in the second leg of the tie after it was discovered that the polish club , managed by deila 's fellow norwegian henning berg , fielded substitute bartosz bereszynski near the end of the 2-0 second-leg win at murrayfield on wednesday night while he was supposed to be suspended .
consequently , celtic went through on away goals after a 4-4 draw and were drawn against slovenian side maribor in the champions league play-off .
mixed emotion : celtic boss ronny delia has described their champions league reinstatement as ` strange ' down and out ?
celtic were thumped 6-1 on aggregate by polish outfit legia warsaw .
speaking at the club 's lennoxtown training complex deila said : ` it is very strange , i have to say that .
` first of all i feel very sorry for legia , and my friends from norway there .
` it is tough to think of that and now we are in the champions league .
` that is what uefa said , we have n't been involved in anything .
' i am a football manager and i have to go with it and now we are preparing for maribor .
' suspended : defender bartosz bereszynski came of for the final few minutes of celtic 's defeat .
deila confirmed he had not spoken to berg but he swerved a question about him possibly feeling embarrassed by the extraordinary circumstances in which his side were handed a reprieve .
the former stromsgodset manager said : ` legia played well against us , they put in good performances but this is nothing to do with celtic .
it is about uefa .
` it is not my business .
it is a club thing and a uefa thing .
' the hoops boss also claimed that it was difficult to consider uefa 's decision as another opportunity for the parkhead side to make the group stages of the competition .
` it is very hard to think of that today because it is a tough decision and i really feel sorry for