by .
alex greig .
published : .
01:16 est , 2 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:59 est , 2 november 2013 .
a janitor has described how for two days , he took care of more than 19 senior citizens who were abandoned after a castro valley care home was forced to close amid safety and health violations last week .
miguel alvarez , 33 , stayed at valley springs manor 24 hours a day when other staff members walked off the job after the operator 's license was suspended on october 24 and they went unpaid for more than two weeks .
another staff member , cook maurice .
rowland , also stayed on to help care for the home 's elderly residents , .
many of whom suffer from dementia and other ailments .
scroll down for video .
hero : miguel alvarez stayed to look after 19 elderly citizens at a care home after other staff members walked out .
last friday , alvarez became worried about the elderly resident 's health and called 911 several times .
according to the san francisco chronicle , sheriff 's deputies and firefighters came to rescue the remaining abandoned residents on saturday .
alvarez , a stay-at-home father of one son and a stepson , took a job at valley springs manor early last month to save extra money to buy christmas presents for his children .
he was paid $ 8 an hour to clean at the facility and met the owners just once .
he told the chronicle that the manager gave out paychecks and administered medications to the elderly residents but disappeared in the days before the state-ordered closure .
other staff members followed suit and alvarez found himself frantically changing diapers , bathing and trying to feed the home 's elderly residents .
` i 'm a janitor - i did n't know what i was doing .
i just tried the best i could , ' he told the chronicle .
` i 'd never want to see my parents or grandparents go through anything like that .
i liked these people .
i wanted to treat them well .
' caring : alvarez stayed overnight at the home to ensure the safety of its elderly citizens even though he was never paid .
alvarez became emotional as he described