by .
deni kirkova .
a woman who ballooned to 21st was shamed into losing nearly 9st - after she became too fat to go kayaking .
sam standerwick , 41 , from tredegar , south wales , enjoyed watersports as a child but drifted into bad habits , sometimes eating whole chickens in one sitting or an entire multi-pack of crisps .
but when the project manager decided to take up kayaking again for her 40th birthday she discovered she was too big to easily slip into a wetsuit .
sam standerwick at her biggest when she weighed 21 stone -lrb- left -rrb- and more recently at 13st 1lb -lrb- right -rrb- .
she embarked on a new active lifestyle and has dropped from 21st 9lbs to 13st 1lbs .
' i bought all the gear to kayak and paddle board but quickly realised i was spending more time preparing for it than actually being out on the water , ' she said .
' i was always too tired by the time i got in the water .
and of course a part of me always worried i would get stuck in the wetsuit !
' sam , who lives with her husband gareth and their three cats , said while she had always eaten relatively healthily , her downfall was large portions .
' i did n't go from eating pizza and chips to broccoli and chicken overnight , the difference is beforehand i might have eaten the whole chicken .
` it was the amount i was eating .
i grew up in a healthy family so i ate meat , vegetables , pasta and things like that - but just huge portions .
' sam drifted into bad habits like eating whole chickens in one sitting or an entire multi-pack of crisps .
after taking up running the weight began to fall off , and sam , who has no children , is now training for her 27th park race .
she used to squeeze into size 28 clothes but has now dropped to size 14 and completed two half-marathons , three 10k races and 26 5k races .
but unlike other dieters , the super slimmer said maintaining a healthy appetite and diet was what worked for her .
eating 2,000 calories a day , she runs , cross trains and does weight lifting