by .
ruth styles .
published : .
07:57 est , 19 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
09:26 est , 19 december 2012 .
santa 's little helpers will certainly have their work cut out delivering christmas presents to one glasgow housing estate this year , with 18 babies celebrating their first christmas .
10 of the youngsters live on the same street , while the other eight live nearby .
what 's more , the estate 's baby boom looks set to continue into 2013 , with two more children due to be born to couples who moved in just two months ago .
18 children have been born on one housing estate in glasgow this year - which means a busy night for santa .
leanne corbett , 31 , gave birth to the estate 's newest arrival millie just eight weeks ago.leanne , who lives with husband colin , 34 , a welder , and their three-year-old son logan , said : .
` it 's unbelievable .
this christmas is going to be special because it 's millie 's first christmas so we are all very excited .
` it 's great that we have all these children because they all get to grow up together , though they may have to extend the primary school in a few years .
` morningside gardens housing estate in wishaw , scotland , welcomed 16 babies in the first half of this year , and two since july .
child friendly : rattray crescent in glasgow 's morningside gardens is home to 10 of the new arrivals .
landlady : victoria dempsey -lrb- left -rrb- is known as ` auntie ' to the street 's new arrival , including tiny three-month old milly corbett , seen here with her mother leanne , 31 .
all are looking forward to the children 's first christmas .
housing bosses have had to have a special baby area allocated in the estate because of the unprecedented baby boom , which has seen the number of births soar to three times the national average .
the sudden spurt in numbers also means morningside 's population is now too big for the local primary school , which may give council bosses a headache in four years ' time .
sales consultant victoria dempsey , known as ` auntie ' to