thugs sprayed the word ` islam ' across two war memorials in a provocative vandalism attack yesterday .
memorials to members of raf bomber command and animals killed at war were targeted in london , as police forces across the country dealt with a spate of ugly attacks fuelled by hatred after soldier lee rigby 's murder .
one charity claimed that more than 200 attacks on muslims had been reported to police since the brutal killing , while help for heroes said it would not accept any money raised for it by the english defence league , saying it did not want to be used for ` political purposes ' .
scroll down for video .
message : this image shows the word ` islam ' daubed on the animals in war memorial , but police are not sure if it was carried out by muslim protesters or far-right groups trying to stir up trouble .
attack : the bomber command memorial in green park , london , was also targeted .
a tarpaulin covers part of the animals in war memorial on park lane , which police say they found at 5am on monday .
in london , supporters of the far-right .
clashed with police and anti-fascists , shutting down streets around .
parliament .
as tensions mounted across the country : .
upsetting : the spray paint has been used to scrub out the inscription on the tribute to the animals which helped keep britain free .
in london , hundreds of police in riot gear fought to calm a volatile clash between the edl and anti-fascists .
tourists looked on in horror as hundreds of shaven-headed men carrying st george 's cross flags chanted ` there 's only one lee rigby ' .
kevin carroll , joint leader of the edl , said drummer rigby 's death must be a ` turning point ' for the country .
he said : ` we want to tell david cameron -- while he 's on a deckchair sunning himself in spain -- just how angry we are that one of our british servicemen was decapitated in this city .
' great grimsby mp austin mitchell said attacks on mosques and other islamic institutions were playing into the hands of terrorists who wanted community conflict .
he added : ` it 's sheer , simple stupidity .
i