by .
william turvill .
published : .
11:12 est , 30 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:37 est , 30 october 2013 .
a builder who bought bolt cutters from a diy store was shocked when staff reported him to the police for acting suspiciously .
billy fitzearle , 30 , paid for three pairs of the tools for his work as a landscape gardener before police were alerted and went to search his home and van .
staff at the range store in gosport , hampshire , feared he may have been responsible for the series of bike thefts in the area .
billy fitzearle had his home and vans searched after staff at the range told police he was acting suspiciously .
when mr fitzearle , who lives with his mother , gave a ` valid explanation ' no further action was taken by hampshire police officers .
but this was after his home , company van and personal van had been searched .
` i 'm just an average working man who wants to look after my family .
just because i bought bolt cutters does not mean i 'm going to steal bikes , ' he said .
` the police were happy that there was nothing wrong , but i was made to look like a common criminal just for doing my job .
` it 's disgusting that they could sell me something and then call the police and disturb my life like that .
' a range spokesman said : ` the store was made aware of numerous bike thefts in the area .
` a decision was made to inform the police following the purchase of three pairs of bolt cutters and what they deemed as suspicious circumstances .
' they also stood by the decision to inform the police .
staff at the range , gosport , suspected mr fitzearle may have been behind a series of bike thefts in the area .
according to the portsmouth news , mr fitzearle later visited the store where a manager apologised for the inconvenience caused .
a hampshire police spokesman said : ` officers were acting on information passed on by staff at a store in gosport .
they were suspicious of a customer making multiple purchases of bolt croppers after being made aware of an increase in cycle