by .
beth stebner and associated press .
published : .
09:06 est , 10 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
18:34 est , 10 december 2012 .
the boardwalks of new york and new jersey have for generations been the backdrop for generations of families to spend their summers , strolling the promenade , eating hot dogs and ice cream , and enjoying the balmy summer weather .
but it was weather that destroyed the beloved mainstays as superstorm sandy 's savage winds ripped through low-lying coastal areas , rendering them to all but splinters .
nostalgia aside , boardwalks prove to be a driving economic force for these shoreline communities like the rockaways and the jersey shore , and now , those communities are scrambling to rebuild their boardwalks before the busy summer months .
scroll down for video .
total destruction : a photo taken on halloween following superstorm sandy shows the immense damage to the amusement park in seaside heights , new jersey .
gone : a photo from november 1 shows teens on the beach at point pleasant beach , new jersey , next to pilings that used to support part of a boardwalk ; authorities are now looking at other sturdier materials .
rush : on november 1 , a worker removes damaged boards from the point pleasant beach , new jersey , boardwalk ; coastal communities are racing to rebuild their boardwalks in time for next summer .
in far rockaway , more than 500 residents from around the area showed up for a rally yesterday to demand federal support for rebuilding boardwalks and replenishing sand on the beaches , rockaway 's the wave newspaper reported .
the destroyed boardwalk in long beach in long island will cost an estimated $ 25million to repair .
likewise , the terminal and boathouse in ocean beach could cost as much as $ 1million to rebuild , according to newsday .
those in stricken communities will need the tourism money this summer more than ever as they try to rebuild homes and other infrastructure .
the expensive efforts are forcing decisions not only about how much to spend , but also whether to rebuild with environmentally sensitive wood or more durable materials .
the destruction of late october 's superstorm sandy will likely result in some changes along the shoreline , with more wooden