by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
benefits cheats will be forced to repay taxpayers ' money more quickly after it emerged five fraudsters claimed almost # 750,000 .
ministers named and shamed those responsible for stealing the largest amounts from the public purse with a vow that benefit fraud will not be tolerated .
among those jailed in the last year are a mother who claimed her children were disabled when they were appearing in west end shows and auditioning for britain 's got talent and a man who said he was too sick to get a job caught working as a builder and riding elephants in india .
amanda webber was jailed for four years after receiving # 363,250 in benefits , claiming her children had dozens of physical and mental problems including poor co-ordination , lack of spatial awareness , difficulties walking , unclear speech and a fear of crowds .
tougher rules are being introduced in an attempt to further claimants from committing benefit fraud and ensure stolen money is returned on top of any fine or custodial sentence handed out by the courts .
it means that if a fraudster is still living on benefits , up to 40 per cent of their cash can be taken to repay what they stole .
up to 40 per cent of wages can also be deducted straight from a claimant 's pay packet .
bailiffs will also be used to confiscate expensive gadgets , jewellery and possessions from convicted benefit cheats .
illegal immigrant bola taiwo olayeni , 49 , living in london , used a stolen identity to claim # 119,000 .
the department for work and pensions released details of what it said were the five biggest fraud cases where the claimant has been jailed in the last year .
amanda jane webber , 43 , of isaacs lane , hayward 's heath , was jailed for four years on 23 may 2013 at lewes crown court .
she received # 363,250 in benefits in total , claiming her children had dozens of physical and mental problems including poor co-ordination , lack of spatial awareness , difficulties walking , unclear speech and a fear of crowds .
in reality , they were high achievers who attended private school and had performed in west end shows such as oliver !
, billy elliot and