by .
jenny hope .
high blood pressure is the uk 's biggest silent killer ; affecting 16million people in the uk .
at least one in four people with high blood pressure have abandoned their medication or take too little to combat their higher risk of heart problems , warn researchers .
a new study shows ` alarmingly high levels ' of patients failing to take prescribed drugs , which may lead to them needing costly further treatment .
high blood pressure is the uk 's biggest silent killer ; affecting 16million people in the uk , with many taking drugs .
it is estimated more than 120,000 heart attacks and strokes a year in the uk could be avoided if people lowered their blood pressure .
experts are calling for wider use of a simple test to determine whether patients are taking their pills , or if they are not working .
a study team from the university hospitals of leicester nhs trust and the university of leicester used the test to analyse urine samples from 208 patients with high blood pressure attending a specialist clinic .
they had poor control of their condition or resistant hypertension , which meant they appeared not to be responding to drugs .
of the group , 125 were new patients sent by their gp , 66 had poor blood pressure control and 17 had been referred for renal denervation , a kidney procedure to lower blood pressure when other methods have failed .
the tests showed one-quarter of patients either did not take their tablets at all or only occasionally - with 10 per cent not taking any tablets and 15 per cent just some of the time .
patients with poor blood pressure control were least likely to stick to their medicines regime , along with those referred for the kidney procedure .
the less likely people were to take their medicines , the higher their blood pressure readings , says a report in the journal heart .
the team said most patients with hypertension referred for extra hospital care ` would routinely undergo many additional tests and procedures ' in a bid to find out why the drugs were n't working .
recent guidance from the national .
institute for health and care excellence -lrb- nice -rrb- suggested between a .
third and a half of medicines prescribed for