by .
hugo duncan .
warned : george osborne has been told britain is in the midst of a double-dip recession , heaping more pressure on the chancellor after controversy over his tax on hot takeaway food and a fuel duty rise .
george osborne suffered a bruising blow yesterday when a leading global watchdog declared that britain is back in recession .
the organisation for economic cooperation and development said output fell by 0.1 per cent in the first three months of 2012 , having dropped by 0.3 per cent in the final quarter of 2011 .
if official figures next month from the office for national statistics back up the respected think-tank 's findings , it will be the first double-dip recession in britain since 1975 .
the gloomy verdict -- from such a .
highly respected think tank -- is a bitter blow for the chancellor just seven days after his much-maligned ` pasty tax ' announced in the budget .
the .
paris-based oecd is a long-time supporter of the chancellor 's battle to .
repair the economic and financial damage of the labour years .
but .
its view that the uk is in the midst of a double-dip recession will be .
seized on by labour as evidence that even mr osborne 's most loyal .
supporters do not think his plan is working .
mr osbourne is already under fire for his controversial tax on takeaway food and a planned rise in fuel duty .
petrol .
stations have begun rationing fuel before the rise kicks in and the army is on standby after .
ministers were accused of spreading panic .
retailers such as pasty-maker greggs have also been up in arms about the planned rise in vat on hot snacks , depending on their ` ambient .
temperature ' , from october .
now bakers and food chains are planning to mobilise .
angry pasty fans to block the new levy .
in its report , the oecd also warned the recovery for the world 's biggest economies .
would be fragile , with the outlook for europe ` very weak ' .
a .
recession is defined as two consecutive quarters of economic decline .
britain plunged into a brutal .
recession in early 2008 as the financial crisis and banking crash .
wreaked havoc on the world economy .