a man trying to elude police jumped into a missouri creek overnight wearing only his underwear -- but his daring gambit did not pay off .
responding officers and firefighters followed the fugitive into the murky waters of brush creek in kansas city and fished him out early friday morning .
the 38-year-old suspect has been taken to an area hospital to be treated for injuries to his arm and leg .
he may face charges in connection to a hit-and-run crash .
escape by water : a 38-year-old man stripped down to his skivvies and jumped into brush creek in kansas city , missouri , after being stopped by police .
up brush creek without a paddle : the suspect reached the middle of the creek and spent 10-15 minutes swimming back and forth .
according to a kansas city police department 's arrest report , officers were called to a gas station in the 4600 block of prospect at around 2am after receiving complaints from neighbors about a car blasting loud music .
the report states that when police approached the car , a grey 2007 infinity , and asked to see the driver 's license , the man smiled , said , ` i 'm out !
' and took off from the scene .
the infinity promptly smashed into the north side of the brush creek bridge , after which the driver got out of the mangled car and jumped into the water .
police say the 38-year-old suspect stripped down to his underwear and spent 10-15 minutes swimming in chest-deep water , with officers waiting for him on north and south sides of the creek .
surrounded : when firefighters tried to pull him out , he threatened them with a log .
fish out of water : police officers armed with a bb gun went after the nighttime bather and apprehended him .
the bather was complaining of a broken leg , according to fox4kc , so the kansas city fire department 's water rescue crew were sent in to fish him out .
but the half-naked man in the water was not going to go quietly .
` the suspect picked up a large log and started swinging it at the firemen so they backed off as to not escalate the situation , ' the arrest report states .
that is when uniformed