by .
emily payne .
published : .
14:00 est , 2 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:01 est , 2 january 2013 .
we spend around 10 per cent of our waking hours with our eyes shut .
and while it 's commonly thought that we blink to keep our eyes lubricated , it seems a lot of the time it 's because our brains need a little nap .
new research suggests that the human brain uses that tiny moment of shut-eye to power down .
blink and you 'll miss it : scientists find that blinking is a chance for our brains to power down .
researchers from japan 's osaka university found that the mental break can last anywhere from a split second to a few seconds before attention is fully restored .
scans that track the ebb and flow of blood within the brain revealed that regions associated with paying close attention momentarily go offline .
the brain then goes into a ` default mode network ' , or idle setting .
the same setting is engaged when our attention is not required by a cognitive task such as reading or speaking and our thoughts wander freely .
mini nap : blinking allows the brain to go into idle mode .
during this mode we tend to contemplate .
our feelings ; we wonder what a friend meant by a recent comment ; we .
consider something we did last week , or imagine what we 'll do tomorrow .
while listening to another person or .
reading , that usually comes at the end of a sentence and while watching a .
film , we 're most likely to blink when an actor leaves the scene .
or when the camera shifts .
most of us take between 15 and 20 such moments of downtime per minute .
the new research , published this week in the journal proceedings of the national academies of science , studied 20 healthy young subjects in a brain scanner as they watched snippets from the british comedy mr. bean .
when subjects blinked , the researchers detected a momentary stand-down within the brain 's visual cortex and somatosensory cortex -- both involved with processing visual stimuli - and in areas that govern attention .
separate studies on blinking have shown that while telling a lie