by .
matt lawton .
and ian ladyman .
and laurie whitwell .
published : .
07:13 est , 30 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
20:05 est , 30 december 2013 .
nicolas anelka was on monday ordered not to repeat his sick goal salute as it emerged samir nasri has also been photographed making the quenelle gesture .
nasri posed for a picture with a friend outside manchester city 's training ground two months ago .
he took to twitter to apologise and insist the quenelle was meant to be a symbol against ` the system ' and had no anti-semitic meaning .
controversial : a picture of samir nasri -lrb- left -rrb- apparently performing the ` quenelle ' was on facebook last month .
facing a ban : nicolas anelka is in trouble for this goal celebration against west ham .
scroll down to the bottom of the page for a detailed look at the controversial gesture .
` i apologise for causing any hurt to .
anyone who might have been misled into thinking this means anything of .
that nature , ' said nasri .
west .
bromwich albion took a tough stance with their french striker after his .
gesture following a goal against west ham provoked an international .
outcry .
although anelka has .
agreed not to repeat the gesture he did not apologise .
this may be due .
to the fa investigation which could land him a ban of more than five .
games , according to new regulations governing race-related offences .
albion .
caretaker boss keith downing admitted the club had been .
shocked to discover the quenelle gesture was considered anti-semitic by .
many .
anelka was asked .
about it by downing after the game at upton park and told his manager it .
had been a dedication for his friend , french comedian dieudonne .
the .
striker said he did not mean to cause offence but there was an outcry in .
france , where saturday 's game was screened live .
social media : nasri 's ` quenelle ' picture appeared on a facebook page set up to suport two french soldiers .
social media : the nasri picture appeared on twitter the day after anelka 's ` quenelle ' celebration .
anelka .
was ordered on monday to explain his