concerns are growing today for a dolphin which has swum 50 miles inland along a tidal river .
the bottlenose dolphin - the most common breed spotted in british waters - has ventured up the bristol channel and into the river severn .
it has been photographed in the water as far inland as stonebench and elmore west near gloucester .
wrong turn : the bottlenose dolphin has been seen 50 miles inland as far as elmore west on the river severn .
experts say it is likely to have followed fish upstream during high tides but there are fears it could get stuck if it ventures any further .
alexandra farthing , 19 , who shot a video of the dolphin on saturday night , said : ` it was definitely one of the most incredible things i have seen .
` it was an incredible site as i 've never seen a dolphin in the wild .
` my grandparents have a slipway so i sat at the bottom of it and just watched him for hours , he came very close to the bank and i could have touched it he was that close .
' alexandra contacted british divers marine life rescue and the rspca but they are not allowed to intervene because the animal is not beached and still swimming freely .
experts say the dolphin is likely to have followed fish upstream during high tides but there are fears it could get stuck if it ventures any further .
the dolphin has swum up the bristol channel as far as elmore west near gloucester .
however , experts say they will become concerned if the creature swims as far as maisemore - on the other side of gloucester - where a porpoise once got stranded in 2009 .
stephen marsh , operations manager for the british divers marine life rescue , said : ` when we have high tides fish might come up higher as well .
` dolphins follow the fish and can end up quite far along rivers .
` this is a bottlenose dolphin and they live in what 's called a fish infused society and what happens there is , individuals will move away from their family for a period , for what might be weeks , months or years , before returning .
` we do know there are