a spectator ran on to the pitch and hit franck ribery with a scarf in stoppage time of bayern munich 's 3-1 victory at hamburg in the second round of the german cup on wednesday .
the man ran the width of the field before hitting the former france forward , who had secured victory for the cup holders .
the intruder was caught by guards and escorted from the pitch .
` fortunately , nothing much happened , ' a relaxed and smiling ribery told german television after the match .
` it was a difficult situation , i did n't see him coming .
' video scroll down to watch guardiola happy as bayern better hamburg .
security staff grab a hamburg supporter who has struck franck ribery with his scarf in injury time .
the supporter swore at ribery , who after the match dismissed the incident and focused on the match .
ribery had been booed by hamburg fans every time he touched the ball .
bayern took advantage of a dreadful hamburg mistake and a poor refereeing decision to take a two-goal lead through robert lewandowski and david alaba before ribery scored with a deflected shot in the second half .
pierre-michel lasogga scored a late consolation for the hosts .
for bayern 's first , thomas muller anticipated a horrible back pass from heiko westermann , picked up the ball and fed lewandowski , whose first effort was cleared off the line by johan djourou .
but the ball fell for the poland striker , who drilled it inside the post in the seventh minute .
thomas muller shouts at the fan , while the referee attempts to keep the bayern forward away .
robert lewandowski celebrates bayern 's first goal of the night against hamburg .
david alaba scored bayern 's second , on their way to a 3-1 victory away at hamburg in the german cup .
muller netted himself later but had the strike disallowed for offside before alaba doubled the lead shortly before halftime .
bayern were given a throw-in although the ball had bounced off philipp lahm .
with hamburg 's players still out of position , xabi alonso got the ball from the throw-in and fed alaba , who fired home from nearly 30 meters -lrb- yards -rrb- .
hamburg goalkeeper jaroslav drobny got his hands on the