a michigan man will spend life in prison for beating and strangling to death his girlfriend before chopping up and skinning her body to hide the evidence .
william dhondt , 29 , was found guilty of first degree murder friday in the grisly 2013 killing of kaitlin hehir , 29 , in the farmington home they shared .
it took the jury only three hours to reach a verdict .
the convicted killer told investigators in a taped interrogation played for the jury during his trial that he ` sliced and diced ' hehir 's corpse ` like she was pot roast or some s ** t , ' according to the oakland press .
better times : kaitlin hehir and william dhondt shown in a picture posted online only months before her horrifying murder .
at least one member of the jury was crying as the dhondt 's guilty verdict for the feb 23 , 2013 slaughter of hehir was read aloud , according to the detroit free-press .
he showed no emotion .
the murder was so horrific , and the evidence so graphic , that jurors are going to be provided counseling by the court after the week-long trial , according to the paper .
guilty : dhondt will spend the rest of his life behind bars .
hehir 's family was present for the verdict , and more than one friend found satisfaction in hearing the word guilty before seeing the killer led out of the courtroom .
` sweet angel ... he wo n't ever hurt anyone again , ' hehir 's friend maria ellis wrote on facebook in the hours after trial wrapped .
` justice was served , ' another friend commented .
investigators showed up at the couple 's farmington home the day after the murder when dhondt called to report her missing -- they soon obtained a search warrant and found her remains scattered throughout the house , jurors were told .
the killing happened only one week after a glowing hehir wrote on facebook of her love for her soon-to-be killer on valentine 's day .
` flowers and strawberries ?!? ' she posted .
` i 'm a very lucky girl .
thank you to my amazing boyfriend !
' the wicked depravity of the death only came to light when he admitted his guilt to police in