by .
deni kirkova .
published : .
10:50 est , 11 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:25 est , 11 november 2013 .
a beautician has launched a children 's birthday party business offering full make-overs to girls as young as seven .
mother-of-two kelly matthews , 27 , from gloucester , has set up little beauties , a party pamper service where primary school children learn how to apply a full-face of make-up , as well as having manicures and pedicures .
kelly has been inundated with requests for parties from family and friends ' children since running her first event last month .
mother-of two kelly offers manicures , pedicures , face pack treatments , hair curling and make-up lessons .
she said : ' i think some girls would relish a break from the traditional bouncy castle party , or a party at a fast food restaurant that every child has .
` when i was young , i always used to sneak into my mum 's room and try on her make-up , because i looked up to her and wanted to be pretty like her .
' i know when i was a little girl , i would have been thrilled if my mum had booked me a pamper party .
' i ca n't wait until my eight-month-old daughter is old enough to have a pamper party herself .
` no one ever taught me how to put make-up on , and i think that 's something which many girls never get told how to do today .
` that 's why when you go into town , you often see so many teenagers with their faces plastered in foundation or fake tan , but all they need is a bit of guidance as how to use the products they will use regardless , in moderation and properly .
' cheyenne mcnulty gets a pedicure -lrb- left -rrb- as abby has rollers put in her hair -lrb- right -rrb- .
kelly , who has two children elsie-may , eight months , and fletcher wayne , two , and is an area administrator for a pharmaceutical company , hopes to make her business into a well-known brand and full-time career .
providing pamper parties for girls aged seven and above , treatments on offer include manicures , pedicures , face pack