one of the victims of the asiana airlines crash left a poignant final message on her microblogging account before she joined her classmates on flight 214 to san francisco .
wang linjia , 16 , was among a group of injured passengers who were not found by rescuers until 14 minutes after the crash nine days ago .
her final online posting read : ` give yourself some affirmation , you 're stronger than you .
think .
it 's only called youth because it 's painful .
i always feel like .
there 's not enough time , yet i have no idea where my time goes .
' scroll down for video .
tragic : ye mengyuan , left , and wang linjia , right , are two of the three chinese students killed the crash landing .
the three schoolgirls who died following the crash have been described as star students by those back home in zhejiang province in eastern china .
they were on their way to a christian summer camp in california where they planned to practice their english and improve their chances of getting into an american college .
wang , described by neighbours as quiet , courteous and hardwarking , excelled in physics and calligraphy .
her father proudly displayed her calligraphy and artwork on his office walls , ap reports .
confident and popular , she worked as a student reporter and served as a class monitor for three years .
liu yipeng , 15 , died on friday after six days in intensive care .
wang and her close friend ye mengyuan , also 16 , died on the day of the crash at san francisco international airport .
the girls had been ` inseparable ' since middle school , with photographs posted online showing them smiling and mugging for the camera while dressed in their school tracksuits .
ye was a champion .
athlete who excelled at literature , playing the piano , singing and .
public speaking .
she had recently won a national aerobics competition , local media said , and routinely received honors at the school 's annual speech contests .
after her death , chinese state broadcaster cctv released footage showing ye playing the piano at an event earlier this year .
her given name means ` wish come true ' in chinese .
ye had