by .
daniel miller .
published : .
14:41 est , 10 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:50 est , 10 december 2013 .
this is the terrifying moment a un peacekeeper is gunned down in front of his shocked comrades moments after arriving at the scene of looting in the troubled central african republic .
the dramatic incident was witnessed first hand by a british journalist who was driving through the capital bangui when the truck carrying the peacekeepers swerved in front of his vehicle and pulled up just a few metres away .
as soon as the soldiers jump down off the back of the truck the sound of gunfire can be heard and almost instantly one of the men falls in a heap on the ground .
scroll down for video .
man down : un peacekeepers go to the aid of a comrade who was shot .
moments after arriving at the scene of looting in the troubled central .
african republic .
some of his comrades take cover while others can be seen cocking their rifles and returning fire .
a voice can be heard saying ` they shot their own man ' , however it is unclear from the video whether or not the soldier was hit by friendly fire .
witness : british journalist alex thomson , chief correspondent for channel 4 , watched the drama unfold .
alex thomson , chief correspondent for channel 4 news , wrote in his blog : ` as our cameraman stuart webb filmed we witnessed them jump out and open fire .
` there is a large volley of shots before anyone appeared to take up firing positions or cover .
` almost at once one of the soldiers falls , apparently shot , a few metres forward of our position .
he lies motionless on the road .
their target appeared to be civilians who had run up a side street from the main airport road .
' i detected no incoming fire and in the chaotic way they opened up it is at least possible he either shot himself or was shot by one of his own men .
' the incident happened shortly after it was announced that two french soldiers had been killed fighting in bangui underscoring the challenges of the french military intervention in the nearly lawless former