if you want to be sent home from work , or are thinking about pulling a sickie - this could be the make-up for you .
from ` eye smiles ' tape to create the look of puffy bags , to canine teeth extensions for a crooked smile , japan 's beauty ideals starkly contrast those in the west .
add to that the latest launch - a red , under-eye blusher - and you have the tools to make yourself look rather unwell in minutes .
creator tcb is raising funds on makuake to take the little red riding hood palette into production .
the look was pioneered by ranzuki , a mag with the tagline ' i can be the cutest and most stylish girl in class ' known as ` byojaku face ' , the asian trend involves making yourself look a bit under the weather , and is hugely popular in japan .
online illustrator name tcb on twitter created the little red riding hood palette concept , which was inspired by fairy tales .
it has set up a campaign on crowdfunding site makuake to try to make the idea into a reality .
the project has already met its initial goal of 1,000,000 yen -lrb- # 5,370 -rrb- .
the makeup opens up like a book and features under-eyeshadow in bright red , beige , brown and white .
according to japanese school girls , a sickly face consists of pale skin and worried brows .
red around the eyes gives the impression that its wearer is slightly fey .
rather than sweeping blusher diagonally along the cheekbone from mouth , or even dabbing it on the apples of your cheeks , the new place for it to go is directly underneath your eyes .
the red around the eyes gives the impression that its wearer is slightly unwell or as if they 've been crying , and in need of looking after .
it can also make you look like you 've been outdoors in cold weather - in-keeping with the mori girl style of ' a girl who lives in the forest ' -lrb- lace , soft leather , sturdy boots , gypsy tops , patterned tights -rrb- .
those who donate 3,500 yen -lrb- # 18 -rrb- or more to the effort by the deadline of february 16 will receive a