there are many reasons to enjoy the approach of a new year .
it 's a chance to make some resolutions , there 's the renewal of the holiday quota at work and most importantly these days - the enormous amount of naked calendars that flood the market .
in the last few weeks , hunks with hounds , army wags , rowers and romanian orthodox christians have all stripped off for charity - now it 's the gardeners ' turn .
the gardeners are the latest to pose for a naked charity calendar .
the follow in the path of naked rowers and orthodox christians .
a group of horticulturalists from across the uk come from a range of gardening jobs in places like hever castle and and the roof gardens in kensington , west london .
the men have teamed up to pose in the buff for a calendar that raises money for the perennial charity , which helps people working in horticulture and their families in times of crisis .
the men - who call themselves the grubby gardeners - spent the day getting their kit off at kensington roof gardens for the project .
anita bates , director of marketing and development at perennial , said : ` thanks so much to the all boys who had the courage to bare everything for the calendar .
` we 've been amazed at the lengths our supporters will go to in order to help fellow horticulturists in need !
' the calendar is available now for # 9.99 and can be ordered at : www.perennial.org.uk/calendar .
the horticulturalists posed in the buff to raise money for perennial charity .
the men spent the day posing naked in a photo shoot at kensington roof gardens in west london .
the grubby gardeners have posed without clothes before - for world gardening day .
the perennial charity helps people working in horticulture and their families in times of crisis .
pictures for the calendar were shot by professional photographer debbie monique jolliff -lrb- right -rrb- , the granddaughter of the acclaimed bulb company founder jacques amand .
the 2015 perennial naked gardeners calendar costs # 9.99 .