ryan giggs carried on former manchester united manager sir alex ferguson 's tradition by having a glass of wine with opposition bosses after matches , but jokes he opted for a can of red stripe instead .
giggs took over as caretaker manager following the sacking of david moyes last april for the final four games of the barclays premier league season -- winning two , drawing one and losing the other .
the old trafford legend was a contestant for the club 's big united quiz 2015 and answered a question about whether he kept the tradition alive : ' i did .
yes .
every one .
can of red stripe .
' video scroll down to watch former manager sir alex ferguson swear on the big united quiz .
ryan giggs carried on former manchester united manager sir alex ferguson 's tradition when he took charge .
giggs -lrb- left -rrb- pictured during mutv 's big united quiz 2015 with opposition team captain wayne rooney -lrb- right -rrb- .
justin moorhouse -lrb- from left to right -rrb- , rooney , juan mata , host angus deayton , andrew whyment and giggs .
one game involved the legends trying to put 10 shirts on the fastest while tinchy stryder -lrb- right -rrb- looks on .
who was united 's greatest-ever player ?
team rooney : eric cantona .
the fans ' answer : ryan giggs .
which united player do the fans think would be most likely to win x factor ?
team giggs : wayne rooney .
the fans ' answer : wayne rooney .
who would be most successful on i 'm a celebrity ... get me out of here ?
team rooney : wayne rooney .
the fans ' answer : wayne rooney .
who do united fans rate as best dressed ?
team giggs : wayne rooney .
the fans ' answer : robin van persie .
what 's the best pre-match superstition ?
team giggs : pint of beer .
the fans ' answer : wearing a united shirt .
the 41-year-old was a captain at the quiz and had rapper tinchy stryder and actor andrew whyment , better known as kirk sutherland from coronation street , on his three-man team .
their opposition was wayne rooney -- taking a break from captaining united and england to lead united team-mate juan mata and