kim and north west , beyonce and blue ivy , kate and prince george , we are often exposed to photos of idyllic parenthood .
but one photographer was determined to uncover the real chaos that most families suffer at the hands of their young children .
danielle guenther , from new york , wanted to showcase the sentiment that parenthood is n't a walk in the park with her photo series best case scenario .
scroll down for video .
danielle guenther has created a series of photographs that capture the true chaos of parenting - including struggles in supermarkets .
the collection of images sees parents dealing with the most testing of situations , from dinners out with their kids to the simplest of tasks - such as crossing the road - ending in anarchy .
danielle , who has a five-year-old son , began creating her comedy photographs after attempts to take traditional family portraits would ` spiral out of control ' .
she said it was one particularly trying session that saw her move on to her humorous family portraits .
the series aims to capture the true struggles parents face on the daily with the simplest tasks - such as crossing the road .
danielle began her series after several traditional family portrait sessions spiralled out of control .
left , a family meal in a restaurant with children eating spaghetti and a mum screaming .
right , a mum tries to shower as her little boy draws on the glass - while a baby looks on .
this photo ` parenting is exhausting ' was the first taken in the series after clients at a photo shoot asked the photographer to ` take a funny one ' she told popsugar : ' i have a regular client that i photograph , and i was over at her house .
it was at the end of the session , and the mom , -lsb- who -rsb- is always a total blast , just laid down on the couch , and i -lsb- said -rsb- we should do a funny one .
` she has a wonderful sense of humor , -lsb- and -rsb- she was all about it !
and then it just spiralled out of control in a really great way .
' the result was danielle 's first photograph of the series called