arsene wenger has told manchester city not to waste their time in trying to sign jack wilshere .
the etihad stadium club are interested in wilshere as they look to increase their homegrown quota ahead of next season .
but wenger insisted wilshere will not be be leaving the gunners .
` you can imagine my answer , we are not in a position where we have to sell our best players , ' said wenger .
jack wilshere , pictured in action for arsenal 's under 21s this week , is being courted by manchester city .
the england international was in the stands for arsenal 's premier league win against liverpool .
arsenal captain mikel arteta and injury-prone abou diaby are in line to feature against burnley on saturday .
wenger has been handed a quadruple fitness boost ahead of saturday 's clash at burnley with wilshere , mathieu debuchy , mikel arteta and abou diaby all available for selection after long-term injuries .
but laurent koscielny will face a late fitness test on a groin injury sustained in arsenal 's 4-1 demolition of liverpool .
wilshere has been out of action since november following two operations on an ankle injury he suffered in his side 's defeat against manchester united .
the 23-year-old faces a raft on in-form players blocking his path back into the first team , and when asked on when he would return to the starting xi , wenger said : ` that depends on the game , on fitness , on availability and the need of the team .
mathieu debuchy , who has been out since january , is available for selection for the trip to turf moor .
olivier giroud is pictured scoring in arsenal 's 4-1 victory against liverpool at the emirates stadium .
the france international is in fine form ; he has scored in six consecutive premier league matches .
` everybody is rated exactly the same and you respect everybody and want everybody to just contribute to the team .
` everybody can have a big impact until the end of the season , jack included .
` every player who does n't play is very frustrated when he can not perform - -lrb- abou -rrb- diaby has been out for a year , -lrb- theo -rrb- walcott has been out for a year .
` wilshere