by .
emily payne for mailonline .
british airline monarch may be about to ditch all its long-haul flights , in a bid to compete with low-cost airlines ryanair and easyjet .
in what it has called a ` strategic review ' , the carrier is retiring three boeing 757s this autumn and looking to replace its whole fleet in the next five years , after admitting passenger demand was ` flat ' .
the overhaul , which will see the carrier concentrating on scheduled short-haul flights to europe , may lead to slashing 1,000 jobs in a reduction of its workforce by a third .
scroll down for video .
total overhaul : monarch are conducting a ` strategic review ' after admitting passenger demand was ` flat ' the company has not officially announced the cuts , but sources have revealed the plans to the bbc .
it currently operates 34 flights a week from luton airport to nine destinations , mainly in and around the mediterranean.monarch .
the review could mean a smaller fleet and the end of long-haul flying .
last month , the airline confirmed a # 1.75 bn order for 30 new boeing 737 aircraft to be delivered by 2020 .
this may mean a reduction in the size of its fleet from 42 to 30 aircraft .
andrew swaffield , who took over as monarch chief executive in july , said : ` we 're on a trajectory of changing from a charter airline to a scheduled european low-cost carrier .
all change : the airline are retiring three boeing 757s and will have replaced its whole fleet in the next five years .
` we need to operate as efficiently as a low-cost carrier , ' he said in an interview with travel weekly .
` it 's difficult to run a long-haul business with two aircraft .
' the move towards short-haul airline is expected to take place within the next year to 18 months .
earlier in august , monarch announced it will stop flying from east midlands airport next year .
a spokesman for monarch mailonline travel : ` the company has previously stated that the new management team is conducting a strategic review of the group 's businesses , in relation to its operations , ownership and financing .
that review is on-going and further announcements will be