ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats .
here is all the information you need for tottenham 's home clash with crystal palace ... tottenham hotspur vs crystal palace -lrb- white hart lane -rrb- .
team news .
tottenham .
tottenham defender danny rose could make a return as mauricio pochettino 's side host crystal palace in the barclays premier league on saturday .
rose has recovered from a rib injury and could replace ben davies at left-back , but vlad chiriches and kyle naughton are both doubtful with knocks .
danny rose -lrb- left -rrb- jokes with tottenham team-mate harry kane at the club 's enfield training ground .
emmanuel adebayor is still recovering from a virus and is not considered ready while kyle walker is expected to play for the club 's under 21 team after returning from an abdominal injury .
provisional squad : lloris , vorm , dier , chiriches , naughton , vertonghen , fazio , kaboul , rose , davies , bentaleb , mason , capoue , dembele , paulinho , lennon , lamela , chadli , eriksen , soldado , kane .
crystal palace .
crystal palace are likely to be without midfielder joe ledley for their trip to tottenham on saturday .
the wales international is suffering from a recurrence of a hip problem that ruled him out of tuesday night 's defeat to aston villa .
crystal palace 's joe ledley -lrb- right -rrb- is set to miss out again for the visit to tottenham through a hip injury .
he is unlikely to be fit to return at white hart lane and will join defenders damien delaney -lrb- calf -rrb- and adrian mariappa -lrb- knee -rrb- on the sidelines - with dwight gayle available having been forced off against villa through illness .
provisional squad : speroni , hennessey , kelly , fryers , dann , ward , hangeland , jedinak , bannan , ledley , mcarthur , bolasie , thomas , puncheon , gayle , campbell , johnson , doyle , chamakh , zaha .
kick-off : saturday 3pm .
odds -lrb- subject to change -rrb- : .
tottenham 4/7 .
draw 14/5 .
crystal palace 11/2 .
referee :