by .
katy winter .
with mere weeks until she joins team gb for the world equestrian games in normandy , zara phillips is once again back in the saddle .
the former olympic equestrian took part with her horse high kingdom at chio aachen world equestrian festival in aachen on friday .
the queen 's granddaughter looked confident and robust in the saddle , dressed all in white to fend off the stifling midday heat .
zara , who rode her horse high kingdom , looked focused despite the heat and bright sunshine .
the chio aachen world equestrian festival in aachen is one of the events the mother-of-one is competing in in the run up to world equestrian games in normandy .
just last week the 33-year-old competed at the dauntsey park horse trials in wiltshire , while her six-month-old baby daughter mia looked on from the side lines .
on friday however , there was no sign of mia as zara focused on honing her craft .
zara 's riding career , put on hold during her pregnancy and for the first few months of mia 's life , is slowly cranking back into top gear as the world equestrian games approach .
earlier this month , zara took to the field at the barbury horse trials near marlborough - with baby mia once more among the crowds .
late june saw her enjoy a successful day at the salperton park horse trials in gloucestershire , watched by husband mike tindall , 36 , and another outing at the hopetoun horse trials in edinburgh .
zara 's riding career , put on hold during her pregnancy and for the first few months of mia 's life , is slowly cranking back into top gear as the world equestrian games approach .
now settled into motherhood , it seems zara 's determination to win has not been softened by any sleepless nights cause by six-month-old mia .
the queen 's granddaughter looked confident and robust in the saddle dressed all in white to fend off the stifling midday heat .
having won a silver medal in the 2012 olympics , zara 's passion for riding is well known .
but she courted some controversy during her pregnancy with first child mia when she continued to ride well into her second trimester .
now settled into motherhood , it