by .
meghan keneally .
published : .
10:50 est , 30 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:54 est , 30 april 2013 .
president obama today defended his administration 's slow response to reports of chemical weapon use in syria , in spite of his earlier promises that the use of such weapons would be considered ` crossing a red line ' .
the president said at a press conference on tuesday that ` there is a whole host of steps that we 've been taking ' but he did not specifically say whether his administration would be prepared to take military action against bashar al-assad 's regime .
he said the war-torn country is ` a blemish on the international community .
' scroll down for video .
pausing : president obama said that there are a ` host of options ' for how the u.s. reacts to news of syria using chemical weapons though they have not determined whether they will or not .
` generally when you use these kinds of weapons , you have the potential of killing massive numbers of people in the most inhumane way possible , ' obama said .
` we do n't want that genie out of the bottle .
' photos and videos of civilians were released online last week that reportedly showed victims of chemical weapons attacks in aleppo .
the president said that his administration is still working to establish a ` chain of custody ' for the weapons used in the attacks , as he says it is unclear exactly who fired them .
` we do n't know when they were used , how they were used .
we do n't know who used them , ' obama said .
` if we end up rushing to judgement without hard effective evidence ... there may be objections even among some who are sympathetic with the opposition in the region .
` by game changer i mean we would have the rethink the range of options that are available to us .
like i said we 're already invested in trying to find a solution that is available in syria .
' he said that his military teams have been compiling ` a spectrum of options ' in terms of possible american use of force in the region since ` as early as