they were voted the biggest fashion faux pas of last year , but three young designers want ` meggings ' - that 's male leggings - to become a wardrobe staple this season .
luke shipley , joe hollingworth and tom hunt have unveiled a range of meggings , called stitch leggings , which they hope will enable men to ` both look great and feel comfortable in leggings .
' so convinced are the trio by their brainchild , which came about after they were forced to wear ` ill-fitting female leggings ' to a themed party , that they pitched it on dragon 's den on sunday .
stylish ?
meggings are the natural evolution from the skinny jean and the once widespread baggy jean , claim stitch founders , -lrb- left to right -rrb- joe hollingworth , tom hunt and luke shiple , who are hoping to make the trousers into the next big fashion trend .
priced at # 25 , stitch leggings are inspired by celebrities like russell brand and justin bieber , who both favour meggings for casual daytime wear .
they come in an array of bright designs including rainbow-coloured diamonds and hot pink - and even come complete with back pockets for your valuables .
the founders claim that they are the natural evolution from the skinny jean and the once widespread baggy jean .
writing on their website , the team say : ` we envision a day where men can wear what they want as opposed to what they should .
` to achieve this , we will strive to design and produce garments that liberate the modern man from conventional male fashion .
' however , judging by their appearance before duncan bannatyne , kelly hoppen , deborah meaden , piers linney and peter jones , the world is n't quite ready for meggings .
the idea for meggings came about after the trio were forced to wear ` ill-fitting female leggings ' to a party .
priced at # 25 , stitch leggings are available in an array of fun designs and even come complete with a back pocket to store your valuables .
deborah meaden retorted : ` seriously , it 's a bet , is n't it ?
' , while peter jones forced the men to swear the pitch was n't actually a joke .