a mother whose husband shot dead their two young children before taking his own life has revealed that her son and daughter continue to come to her in visions four years on .
speaking out for the first time since the tragedy , zoey mendoza , 41 , has shared her heart-wrenching account of her final moments with five-year-old jada and three-year-old jordan , who were killed by her husband kurtis birth in ringwood , new jersey in october 2010 .
she also revealed that three weeks after their deaths , she read a book , lessons from the light by george anderson , about how children continue to be with their families after they die .
` all of a sudden i heard my children giggling , ' she told yahoo parenting .
' i sat straight up in bed and my room was bright white .
it was like the sun was blazing though the windows , but it was nighttime .
missed : zoey mendoza has spoken out about the pain of losing her two children , five-year-old jada , left , and three-year-old jordan , right , who were killed by their father in new jersey in october 2010 .
` there was a white staircase next to my bed and my kids were standing at the top , smiling .
the second our eyes met , they ran to me .
they held me and laughed .
they let me know that they love me and will always be with me .
' mendoza said her son and daughter continue to come to her in visions , which gives her comfort as she continues to struggle with the pain of losing them .
troubled : kurtis birth , 38 , killed his children and himself as the couple went through a separation .
recounting the weeks leading up to the murders , she said she had told her husband of 12 years that she wanted a separation but that it was something he did n't want .
as he struggled to cope with the impending split , he attempted suicide and was put in a psychiatric hospital and they agreed they would attend therapy sessions together , she recalled .
he promised to take medication for depression - although she later found out he had not - and they continued to care for the children