colorado made roughly $ 2 million in .
marijuana taxes in january , state revenue officials reported monday in .
the world 's first accounting of the recreational pot business .
the tax total reported by the state department of revenue indicates .
$ 14.02 million worth of recreational pot was sold .
the state collected .
roughly $ 2.01 million in taxes .
colorado legalized pot in 2012 , but the commercial sale of marijuana .
did n't begin until january .
washington state sales begin in coming .
months .
big business : chris broussar -lrb- left -rrb- and david marlow inside medicine man marijuana retail store .
colorado made roughly $ 2 million in marijuana taxes in january , state revenue officials reported monday .
the pot taxes come from 12.9 percent sales taxes and 15 percent .
excise taxes .
voters approved the pot taxes last year .
they declared .
that the first $ 40 million of the excise tax must go to school .
construction ; the rest will be spent by state lawmakers .
colorado has about 160 state-licensed recreational marijuana stores , .
though local licensing kept some from opening in january .
local .
governments also have the ability to levy additional pot sales taxes if .
they wish .
monday 's tax release intensified lobbying over how colorado should .
spend its pot money .
budget-writers expect the nascent marijuana .
industry to be extremely volatile for several years , making lawmakers .
nervous about how to spend the windfall .
budget-writing lawmakers joke that plenty of interests have their hands out to get a piece of the pot windfall .
gov. john hickenlooper has already sent the legislature a detailed .
$ 134 million proposal for spending recreational and medical marijuana .
money , including new spending on anti-drug messaging to kids and more .
advertising discouraging driving while high .
a long line of buyers trails from a store selling marijuana in pueblo west on january 1 , 2014 .
state police chiefs have asked for more money , too .
`` the whole world wants to belly up to this trough , '' said sen. pat .
steadman , a denver democrat who serves on colorado 's budget-writing .
joint budget committee .
other countries also are watching colorado , which has the world 's .
first