by .
talal musa .
published : .
11:56 est , 25 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:14 est , 25 january 2013 .
rating : .
price : # 39.99 / $ 63.00 -lrb- rrp -rrb- .
bloody , brutal and over-the-top .
these would be the words to describe ninja gaiden 3 : razor 's edge .
and while his outing on the wii u is an improvement over other console versions , fundamental issues in the gameplay blunt ninja gaiden 's blade yet again .
plot wise , and it 's standard fare for the series .
ryu gets a visit from the hilariously named japan 's self defense force , calling on him to help stop the lords of alchemy carrying out terrorist attacks around the world .
just does n't cut it : parts of razor 's edge are ok , but it 's mostly very repetitive .
it 's not long before a head-to head with one of them , the regent of the mask , results in ryu acquiring the grip of murder -- an ugly growth on his arm that feeds on the deaths of others .
this is where the gameplay comes in , which primarily revolves around chopping off as many enemy limbs as possible .
although new upgradable weapons and abilities offer some much-needed variation to proceedings , combat gets very boring , very quickly .
it 's made all the more worse by the awful soundtrack , which pops up every time enemies comically jump over fences -lrb- or other ` no-go ' areas -rrb- and run towards you -- often blurting out pointless expletives in an attempt to sound threatening .
levels are so incredibly lazily laid out , that you can easily predict when the next gruelling battle will take place .
graphics remain mostly bland , with almost non-existent textures , but ryu himself is quite well animated - especially in the cut-scenes .
ai , too , is a mixed bag .
indeed , one of the game 's strengths is its difficulty curve , and enemies will soon get wise to the same one-button combo .
they 'll also keep coming at you , even if they 're missing limbs , so it 's important to quickly finish them off with one of ryu 's gruesome executions .
bloody :