if a tough weights class has left you with sore muscles , you might want to relax on the sofa .
but moving around will stop the soreness more than resting , doctors have said .
resting , using ice packs , anti-inflammatory drugs and and painkillers like ibuprofen actually delay a person 's recovery from exercise rather than speeding it up , says the doctor who came up with a well-known technique for treating minor injuries 36 years ago .
dr gabe mirkin came up with the rice acronym , the most popular technique for recovering from muscle soreness , pain and injuries in 1978 .
moving around will help muscles recover after intense exercise more than resting , doctors have said .
rice stands for rest , ice , compression , elevation and describes the process he formerly recommended for treating minor injuries .
this involved resting the injured muscle , putting an ice pack on it followed by a compression bandage and then elevating the muscle to reduce swelling .
now he has warned that the ` rest ' and ` ice ' elements should be scrapped as they could actually slow down the healing of sore muscles .
writing on his blog , he said : ` coaches have used my `` rice '' guideline for decades , but now it appears that both ice and complete rest may delay healing , instead of helping .
' he added that athletes can begin moving a day after their injury , if it is a minor injury like muscle soreness .
he said : ` with minor injuries , you can usually begin rehabilitation the next day .
you can move and use the injured part as long as the movement does not increase the pain and discomfort .
` get back to your sport as soon as you can do so without pain .
' his advice comes as new recommendations from the american physical therapy association -lrb- apta -rrb- advise that heat patches and ice packs could actually harm patients and stall their recovery .
these remedies ` discourage patients from becoming active ' , which makes the time it takes for them to recover longer , and increases the risk of eventually needing injections or surgery , the recommendations said .
muscle soreness is caused because muscles become damaged after intense exercise .
to