two victorian police officers found themselves operating slightly outside of their job description this morning when a woman in labour arrived at the station for assistance .
constable laura wood and senior constable peter evans quickly rushed to the assistance of the woman who had entered her final stages of labour en route to the hospital .
the woman 's husband and toddler son looked on as the woman gave birth in the middle of the station car park , much to the surprise of the assisting officers .
sergeant max walker said that the officers had just started their morning shift when the woman came in .
surprised victorian police constables delivered a baby girl this morning at springvale police station .
` this is an unusual event , but a nice way to start the day , ' said sergeant walker .
` the woman had been screaming at her husband to pull over , telling him that the baby was coming now , ' ` i 've been doing this job for 36 years , and while this kind of thing happens every now and then , it 's not normally happening at the actual station , ' ` it 's nice to do something positive to assist the local community ' .
sergeant walker said that constable wood and senior constable evans were a bit shocked when the woman came in , but their training quickly kicked in .
the officers quickly sprung into action to help deliver the baby girl .
` they went straight into training mode , ' said sergeant walker .
` we 're all qualified in senior first aid , and of course they took into account the welfare of the mother and child .
' the baby girl was delivered via a normal birth but was found not to be breathing .
` we offered reassurance to the mother , and had melbourne ambulance service on the phone , ' ` they were excellent and provided all the instructions the constables needed to help her .
' the baby girl and her mother were taken to dandenong hospital for monitoring .
the constables checked the baby 's airways and the girl was soon breathing .
an ambulance arrived from monash health and the mother and her new baby girl were taken to dandenong hospital for monitoring .
victorian police have