by .
anna hodgekiss .
published : .
07:19 est , 29 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
20:53 est , 29 january 2013 .
certain cosmetic procedures can be administered by practitioners who are n't medically trained .
patients undergoing cosmetic surgery should not be given false hope and told they will look better after treatment , medical experts have warned .
under new guidelines issued today , anyone providing treatment will have a duty to manage a patient 's expectations and not imply they will feel ` better ' or ` look nicer ' .
instead , they should use unambiguous language like ` bigger ' or ` smaller ' to .
describe what that patient is trying to change .
they should not imply that having treatment will .
improve a patient 's psychological wellbeing .
the guidance has been issued by the royal college of surgeons , who are urging the government to make .
the rules compulsory .
it also states that only surgeons should provide cosmetic surgery and only doctors , dentists and nurses who have undertaken appropriate training should provide non-surgical cosmetic treatments such as botox .
currently certain cosmetic treatments can be administered by anyone , anywhere with no medical training .
the guidelines state that as standard .
practice , practitioners should discuss relevant psychological issues .
-lrb- including any psychiatric history -rrb- with the patient to establish the .
nature of their body image concerns and their reasons for seeking .
treatment .
the new professional standards for cosmetic practice , as the guidance is known , also states that bargains and offers should be banned .
the college is urging ministers to make .
the rules compulsory as a review into regulation of cosmetic surgery .
prepares to report in the spring .
professor norman williams , president of the royal college of surgeons -lrb- rcs -rrb- , said : ` we have serious concerns that not all .
those who offer cosmetic procedures are adequately qualified , or that .
patients are getting accurate information prior to treatment .
' instead , the guidelines state that anyone considering treatment should have a ` stringent psychological assessment ' beforehand .
pre-procedure discussions should include .
the disclosure of relevant psychiatric history such as eating disorders .
and the practitioner should document any signs or symptoms of body