gazing suggestively at the camera , georgia may jagger 's modelling campaign for just cavalli perfume certainly looks provocative .
however , it 's not the 22-year-old 's sultry pose that has triggered controversy , but the h-like symbol on her wrist .
the advert featuring the model daughter of mick jagger , part of a campaign by italian fashion house roberto cavalli , has been singled out by followers of a branch of islam , who said it ` cheapens ' and ` degrades ' one of its holiest symbols .
scroll down for video .
controversial : the just cavalli campaign sees georgia may jagger , 22 , with an ornate h-like symbol on her wrist , and has prompted demonstrations by sufi muslims in london .
the pictures of georgia may -- daughter of the rolling stones frontman , 70 , and model jerry hall , 57 -- have prompted demonstrations by sufi muslims in london , outside harrods , as well as in dusseldorf , germany , and los angeles , since they were first released in the middle of last year .
the campaign -- put together by italian fashion house roberto cavalli to promote a designer fragrance -- shows miss jagger with an ornate h-like symbol on her skin .
it 's similar to a sign sufis use to refer to allah and representatives of the community have said it is ` heartbreaking ' to see it used to make money .
there are an estimated 500,000 adherents of sufism worldwide and they are demanding the symbol , which they have previously had trademarked , be removed from the adverts .
american student nasim bahadorani , one of the protest organisers , said : ` to use something that means so much to us for corporate profit cheapens our sacred symbol .
it 's disrespectful , offensive and degrading .
protest : sufi muslims claim the italian design house has inappropriately used a symbol sacred to practitioners of their mystical faith and have protested on several locations , such as outside harrods in london .
` we have this sign that to us represents blessed peace .
it 's a refuge .
to see it disgraced like this for a company to make money is heartbreaking .
' roberto cavalli , which has used the image in campaigns since 2011 , claims the symbols