an explosion in a nigerian shopping mall has killed at least 21 people just an hour before the national football team played argentina in the world cup .
witnesses said the blast left body parts scattered around the emab plaza in an upmarket district of abuja , as billows of black smoke could be seen from a mile away .
it turned what should have been a national celebration into a national tragedy as nigeria secured its place in the world cup 's knockout stages for the first time since 1998 .
it came a week after 14 people were killed by a suicide bomb while watching the brazil v mexico match in damaturu , nigeria .
nigeria football coach stephen keshi said after the bombing : ` how much of a victory is football going to give for those lives ?
what are they doing these guys ?
they did it the first game , and they now they did it again , it is sad .
' scroll down for video .
warning graphic content .
devastating : an explosion has killed at least 21 people in a shopping mall in the nigerian capital abuja an hour before the national football team started playing in brazil .
wounded : at least 17 more people were injured in the blast , including this man being helped to safety .
the government has said it will check the activities of ` insurgents ' brutal : rescue workers carry the remains of a person in a body bag after the bomb in the crowded mall .
witnesses reported seeing shoppers covered in blood .
rescue : police superintendent frank mba said 17 people were wounded and 21 bodies were recovered , with rescue work still ongoing at the shopping mall in the capital .
devastation : a nigerian soldier at the scene of the explosion which killed 21 people and wounded 17 more in the capital abuja .
violence is becoming more frequent .
the blast is the latest in a series of violent attacks blamed on the islamic extremists boko haram , who have a stronghold in the northeast of the country .
smoke : several cars were left burnt-out by the bomb , which unconfirmed reports suggested could have been dropped off next to the mall by motorbike .
no one has yet claimed responsibility , but the attack