two married at first stars who said ' i do ' after meeting for the first time at the altar during the reality show 's debut season are heading to st. thomas to renew their vows and have the ceremony of their dreams , now that they are in love .
jamie otis and doug hehner , from sayreville , new jersey , do n't have a typical love story , in fact , the 28-year-old nurse , who also appeared on the bachelor , once claimed that marrying her 32-year-old husband was the ` worst decision ' of her entire life .
but after four weeks of marriage , the couple made the decision to continue their relationship and decided to chronicle their marriage on the fyi channel spin-off series married at first sight : the first year .
on tonight 's wedding special , jamie and doug return to the location of their first honeymoon to reaffirm their love for each other , but not everything is smooth sailing as jamie 's mother threatens to ruin her special day .
scroll down for video .
look of love : doug , 32 , wraps his arms around his 28-year-old wife jamie after they renew their vows in st. thomas on tonight 's episode of married at first sight : the first year .
footage from the episode shows jamie confronting her mother for her past behavior and missing important family events because of her history of drug use .
` you 've betrayed me and you 've hurt me in the worst ways , ' jamie tells her mother over dinner .
while jamie 's mom defends herself by saying her mistakes were committed years ago , her daughter is n't entirely convinced that she has changed .
' i can forgive , but i ca n't forget , ' jamie tells her .
second chance : jamie tells doug that she is in love with him and wants to spend the rest of their lives together as they exchange vows on the beach - a year after their first wedding .
romantic gaze : the couple looked deeply into each other 's eyes as they posed for this romantic photo .
island adventure : doug can be seen lifting his wife up in the air as they frolic in the clear blue water .
jamie also notes