by .
steve nolan .
published : .
16:08 est , 13 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:49 est , 14 january 2013 .
it started off as a prank that bemused a few embarrassed commuters but has since grown into a global phenomenon .
and despite the threat of snow and bleak midwinter temperatures many hardy thrill seekers braved bracing conditions and took to the london underground today to take part in the no trousers tube ride 2013 .
it was all part of the no pants subway ride 's 13th annual celebration of riding the world 's underground without trousers , with commuters in london joining their counterparts from dozens of cities around the globe to venture out minus their breeches .
scroll down for video .
flashmob : a group of tube passengers pretend not to know each other and keep a straight face as they take part in no trousers on the tube 2013 .
chilly : commuters wait for a train to come along at arsenal tube station , but there 's one thing missing - their trousers .
barefaced cheek : two female participants brave the cold weather and take to the london underground in just their underwear .
mind the gap : a gang of pranksters taking part in the london event make sure they stand behind the yellow line while waiting for their train .
the aim is to get on the train without trousers and to keep as straight a face as possible .
participants behave as if they do not know each other and - other than the lack of trousers - dress appropriately for winter donning hats , scarfs and a warm coat .
the hilarious craze started back in 2002 when a handful of new york pranksters decided to cause a stir on a subway train .
one participant entered the train in just his underwear for seven consecutive stops and , if asked , were instructed to tell people that they ` just forgot ' their trousers .
acting normally : those who take part are told to go about their everyday business and pretend not to know each other .
say cheese : other fully-clothed commuters take pictures of fellow passengers who are just in their pants on a packed picadilly line train .
untrussed down under : commuters in sydney , australia