by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
14:42 est , 27 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:05 est , 27 april 2013 .
the family of a teenage girl who died after she was refused access to potentially life-saving cancer drugs has called for a change in the laws governing who can take part in medical trials .
chloe drury was told she was too young to take part in the drugs trials by american pharmaceutical company biomarin while she was suffering from a rare form of bone cancer , despite pleas from her parents , doctors and politicians .
she died in february , a month after her 18th birthday , from ewing 's sarcoma after the cancer had aggressively progressed .
chloe drury was told she was too young to take part in the drugs trials by american pharmaceutical company biomarin .
the previous september , when she was 17 , she was told she could not take part in the trials as it could ` jeopardise -lsb- her -rsb- safety and the integrity of the trial data ' , her family have told sky news .
chloe , from purley , in surrey , was allowed on the course when she turned 18 , but by then it was too late .
her mother debbie binner told sky news : ` we were just sitting there watching our beautiful 17-year-old daughter get weaker and weaker , knowing there is something out there she could have had and it just seems totally wrong to me , and not a world that i want to live in that treats young people like that .
' the family now wants age restrictions to be lifted for trials .
in a statement , biomarin has said their deepest sympathy went to the parents .
the company said : ` it is precisely because of patients who suffer from devastating rare genetic diseases that biomarin develops therapies where there are few , if any , options .
' chloe 's mother debbie binner has called for age restrictions to be lifted for drugs trials .
the company said it was conducting a trial in several genetically defined cancers , but it added : ` it is premature to know if it is safe or effective .
' cancer research uk 's clinical research director kate law said