by .
anna edwards .
published : .
12:08 est , 18 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:35 est , 18 march 2013 .
evelyn agbeko says she was ` confused ' when she wrote her notes .
a nurse at scandal-hit stafford hospital claimed an elderly patient was asleep when the woman was dead , a hearing was told today .
evelyn agbeko , with colleague theresia van der knaap , allegedly failed to provide ` basic life support ' when they discovered the 81-year-old unresponsive .
as the pensioner 's life drained away they did not even start chest compressions or summon the hospital 's resuscitation team , the nursing and midwifery council heard .
agbeko later claimed in her notes that the woman was asleep between 4am and 6am , when she had passed away at about 3am .
the woman , referred to as patient a , was on dialysis and had been admitted to a&e at the hospital at 9.25 am on april 15 , 2010 , suffering from shortness of breath .
but when her condition did not improve she was admitted to ward 11 where agbeko was the nurse in charge .
at 2.30 am on april 16 , registrar dr helen steed began considering whether or not to impose a ` do not attempt resuscitation ' order , in light of the patient 's chances of survival if she arrested .
dr steed decided she wanted to see the woman first , but before she could review patient a , susan voss , acting hospital site manager , received a call stating she had died .
` ms voss received a telephone call from ward 11 at approximately 4am and she believes that this telephone call came from ms agbeko .
` she was informed in this call that patient a had passed away .
she asked if the patient was expected to die , and she was informed that the patient was for resuscitation , ' said hannah stephenson , for the nmc .
` ms voss will state that she informed that nurse that she should not have called ms voss , but she should have called the resuscitation team to tend to the patient .
` ms voss will state that the nurse then .
argued the point with her and stated that the patient has