war medals will be given a special exemption from inheritance tax under proposals buried in yesterday 's autumn statement .
until now awards for military service counted towards a person 's wealth when they die .
but george osborne yesterday scrapped the unpopular tax on military awards .
war medals - including these korea war medals - will be given a special exemption from inheritance tax under proposals buried in yesterday 's autumn statement .
there was already an exemption for medals and other decorations awarded for ` valour or gallantry ' .
the medals included the victoria cross , george cross and military cross -- but also awarded for gallantry overseas included the famous legion d'honneur and croix de guerre in france .
the turkish ` order of medjidieh ' was also exempt .
but from today ` all decorations and medals awarded to the armed services or emergency services personnel ' will be exempt .
obes and cbes will also be exempt , the treasury confirmed today .
death taxes of 40p in the # 1 are paid on inherited wealth of anything more than # 325,000 .
the conservatives proposed raising the threshold to # 1million before the 2010 election -- but have failed to increase it since 2009 .
but mr osborne yesterday moved to exempt emergency workers , and humanitarian aid workers from future inheritance tax bills if they are killed in active service .
armed forces personnel who die in the line of duty are already exempt .
george osborne was at a bentley factory in crewe this morning after yesterday 's autumn statement .
the change covers anyone working for the police , fire , ambulance or the search and rescue services , and follows a government consultation launch in the summer .
he has also extended it to all humanitarian aid workers aimed at those who have gone to west africa to help fight the spread of ebola .
inheritance tax currently hits around 16,000 families a year .
but official forecasts have suggested the number of families paying inheritance tax will double over the next five years because of soaring house prices .