a report has claimed that more than half of children in the united states qualify for free or low-cost school lunches .
the study by the southern education foundation found that 51 per cent of students were from low-income families in 2013 .
the publication analyzed national center for education statistics for children who can get subsidized meals and suggests the figure has been gradually rising since the recession in 2008 .
claims : the study by the southern education foundation found that 51 per cent of students were from low-income families in 2013 .
of the states with a majority of low-income students , 13 were located in the south , and six in the west .
in 40 of the 50 states , low income students made up 40 percent of all public school children on average .
of the states with a majority of low-income students , 13 were located in the south , and six in the west .
the highest concentration came in mississippi , where 71 percent qualified , followed by new mexico -lrb- 68 -rrb- and louisiana -lrb- 65 -rrb- .
children are qualified for free meals if their family members are already on these benefit programs or if their household income is not more than 135 percent of the poverty level - about $ 32,000 for a family of four .
to qualify for lowered-price meals , their household income must be more than 185 percent of the poverty level or below - about $ 44,000 for a family .
the report read : ` for the first time in recent history , a majority of the schoolchildren attending the nation 's public schools come from low income families .
` the latest data collected from the states by the national center for education statistics -lrb- nces -rrb- , evidence that 51 percent of the students across the nation 's public schools were low income in 2013 .
` the pattern was spread across the nation .
half or more of the public schoolchildren in 21 states were eligible to receive free or reduced-price lunches , a benefit available only to families living in poverty or near-poverty in 2013.1 .
table : the highest concentration came in mississippi , where 71 percent qualified , followed by new mexico -lrb- 68 -rrb- and louisiana -lrb- 65 -rrb- .
` in 19 other states