a life coach and author with a curvy figure and dyed black locks has been dubbed the romanian kim kardashian .
alexandra harra , 28 , who now lives in miami , has a ba degree in creative writing and classics .
she now works as a professional life coach , a writer for the huffington post and an author of the karma queens ' guide to relationships .
but when she was persuaded to pose on the cover of the romanian playboy , she suddenly found it was n't her university education that people were interested in .
scroll down for video .
selfie queen : alexandra harra has been dubbed ` the romanian kim kardashian ' and even shares the same love of selfies .
all about the booty : the life coach turned model enjoys showing off her curves in tight fitting clothes .
since appearing on the infamous cover she has graced the pages of countless glossies in her homeland .
the model , who formerly had long peroxide locks , recently took to the bottle to make her similarity with the reality star , married to kanye west , even more striking .
with her dyed black hair , she now lays claim to the title of the romanian kim kardashian .
harra is already a bigger success than the celebrity in one way , as her derriere apparently measures 43 inches , while kardashian 's is just 40 inches .
she said : ` someone in romania noticed that my bottom size , at 109cm , is larger than kim kardashian 's at 101 cm .
` now i 'm in the paper all the time as the romanian kim kardashian .
' curves galore : alexandra harra recently dyed her hair from blonde to black to look more like kim .
meow : harra states on instagram that she loves cats , evident in these selfies .
the decision to dye her hair black has been well received by fans , boosting her online popularity .
whilst she now lives in miami , she said that when she returns to her native romania she is treated like a celebrity .
` we are the kardashians of romania .
we 're just as controversial as them .
` when i arrive anywhere in romania , all the cameras are after me , the paparazzi