the search for a two-metre south american boa constrictor , on the loose after police mistakenly believed it was a harmless australian python and set it free , has been called off .
the bizarre search began on queensland 's gold coast as authorities tried to locate the reptile which could pose a threat to local wildlife and even people 's pet cats and dogs .
snake catcher tony harrison warned that if the large-predatory boa has inclusion body disease ` it can be unbelievably contagious if that gets loose in australia ' .
mr harrison told daily mail australia : ` police should have called the snake catchers and we 'd have euthanised it .
that was very silly of them .
' but biosecurity queensland officials have now given up looking for the snake and authorities will instead put up a warning sign .
the notice will reportedly tell dog owners and small children to ` watch out ' , the gold coast bulletin reports .
scroll down for video .
queensland police found the snake at the base of a tree on a footpath -lrb- pictured -rrb- in surfers paradise and then released it into the wild .
queensland police say officers were called to the esplanade at surfers paradise on or about march 26 , to respond to reports of a large snake spotted at the base of a tree on a footpath .
the officers released the reptile into bushland at the southport spit , sparking an operation by biosecurity queensland officers who say the snake is n't a harmless python after all .
mr harrison believes the snake - likely to be an illegal import that was kept as a pet - will be found ` within a month ' but there are fears if the boa is pregnant there could then be up to 30 live young on the loose .
the reptile which could pose a threat to local wildlife and even people 's pet cats and dogs -lrb- stock photo -rrb- .
south american boa constrictors have varying patterns of cream , brown , tan , gray , and black with ovals and diamonds .
` they can eat up to three times their girth , no more or less than pythons and including a cat or small dog , but the biggest problem is if it was going to give