by .
education reporter .
published : .
19:58 est , 8 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:20 est , 9 october 2013 .
social mobility in england is among the worst of all developed nations because children from deprived backgrounds are less likely to get a good education , the oecd report said .
children born to parents with a poor education were eight times more likely to struggle with literacy than those from a well-educated family .
this compared with an average of five times among the 24 countries covered in the survey .
poor comparison : the survey found that british children faced more of a struggle than children from poor families in japan where background appeared to impact little on educational success .
the countries where people 's backgrounds made the least difference to their education included japan and south korea , where the younger generation 's skills far exceed those of older people .
researchers said england had ` one of the strongest associations between socio-economic background and literary proficiency among young people and the broader population of 16 to 65-year-olds ' .
unlike most other countries , ` this association is stronger among young people than among the overall adult population ' .
the standard of parents ' education also had a ` stronger-than-average impact on young people 's proficiency in both literacy and numeracy ' .
adults with at least one parent who went to university were far more likely to have good reading and mathematical skills compared with those whose parents did not complete secondary education .
the report suggested the best way to overcome social disadvantages and improve education was to allow businesses to have a say in what is taught in schools .
exams : the study found that british students are more likely to be held back from success by their background than almost anywhere else in the world .
attempts to level the playing field for children from low-income families include the pupil premium , introduced in 2011 and paid to schools for every pupil they teach who receives free school meals .
universities that charge fees of # 6,000 or more must produce access agreements to show how they plan to give places to more under-privileged children .
the gender gap in pay in england was also highlighted by the report .
it said