by .
daniel mills .
and aap .
more than 176 years after its first store opened in sydney , david jones is passing into foreign hands after shareholders overwhelmingly backed a $ 2.2 billion takeover .
south african retailer woolworths holdings will take control of australia 's oldest department store in august , pending court approval , and hopes to significantly improve its performance after years of sliding sales and profits .
a handful of shareholders spoke out against the sale at a meeting in sydney on monday , with some accusing the david jones board of ` giving up ' on the australian icon .
david jones chairman gordon cairns left , and ceo paul zahra following a shareholder meeting for the $ 2.2 billion takeover of the company by south african based woolworths .
south african retailer woolworths holdings will take control of australia 's oldest department store - which has been trading for more than 176 years , in august .
but most backed the move , with almost 97 per cent votes cast in favour of accepting the $ 4-a-share offer , though some , like retiree reg lobb , did so with heavy hearts .
mr lobb has a long history with david jones .
his mother worked there in the early 1900s and he 's owned shares since it was publicly floated in the mid-1990s .
he says david jones had been damaged by poor decisions by management and the board .
` it 's tragic that it 's come to this .
at least we can get $ 4 per share and get out , ' he told the meeting .
woolworths plans to overhaul david jones by expanding its private label brands , improving in-store service and website .
` we look forward to implementing our plans to reinvigorate david jones and enhance the shopping experience for its customers , ' chief executive ian moir said in a statement .
the $ 4 offer was a solid outcome for shareholders , being more than 80 cents higher from where david jones was trading prior to the bid and $ 1.50 above where it was a year ago .
some shareholders have accused david jones management of giving up on the iconic australian company .
but the biggest winner is retail mogul solomon lew , who bought a 9.9 per cent stake