south african prosecutors on tuesday filed an appeal against the conviction and sentence of star paralympian oscar pistorius , who last month was imprisoned for five years for the culpable homicide of his girlfriend .
the national prosecuting authority said : ` today , we announce that the npa filed the application for leave to appeal both the conviction and sentence .
the appeal on conviction is based on the question of law .
' the athlete was tried for killing his girlfriend reeva steenkamp , whom he shot four times through a locked toilet door in the early hours of valentine 's day in 2013 .
scroll down for video .
oscar pistorius , pictured , was found guilty of the culpable homicide of reeva steenkamp at his home .
reva steenkamp , pictured , was gunned down in the house she shared with pistorius on valentine 's day 2013 .
prosecutors want to overturn the culpable homicide verdict to retry the case for a stiffer jail sentence .
pistorius admitted to shooting ms steenkamp , 29 , at his upmarket pretoria home , but told the court he had mistaken her for an intruder .
the state sought to prove pistorius deliberately shot ms steenkamp .
pretoria high court judge thokozile masipa found there was not enough evidence to convict the 27-year-old paralympic and olympic athlete of premeditated murder .
he was found guilty of culpable homicide , a charge equivalent to manslaughter , after a seven-month trial .
now , prosecutors want to overturn the culpable homicide verdict and instead retry the entire case .
if successful , pistorius could face another marathon murder hearing .
the date for the appeal hearing has not been set .
npa spokesman nathi mncube said : ` the merits of the npa 's argument in this regard are contained in the papers that were filed with the registrar of the north gauteng high court today .
` this means that the matter is now officially sub judice and consequently the npa will not be able to discuss the matter publicly until judgment is delivered by the court .
' reva steenkamp 's parents june , left , and barry , right , want pistorius hit with a far stiffer jail sentence .
prosecutors believe judge masipa erred in law by returning a culpable homicide verdict and instead should have found