by .
tara brady .
published : .
12:30 est , 30 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:03 est , 30 may 2013 .
parents with pupils at billericay school in essex received a letter home this week warning about ` extreme haircuts ' inspired by the only way is essex star joey essex .
an essex school has been branded ` ridiculous ' for banning pupils from class if they have towie style haircuts .
parents with pupils at billericay school in essex received a letter home this week warning about ` extreme haircuts ' inspired by the only way is essex star joey essex .
the pompadour style - shaved sides with longer hair slicked back on top - has had a resurgence in recent years with many of the cast of the essex-based reality show sporting the cut .
other stars who have the popular do include canadian singer justin bieber , footballer david beckham and rock 'n' roll legend elvis presley .
but now parents fear their children will have to sacrifice the ` reem ' look to avoid being banned from the classroom .
one parent , who asked not to be name , said : ' i can understand banning some extreme haircuts but this is just ridiculous .
` this haircut has been about since the 50s and it did n't even shock people then .
` there is nothing extreme about it but i 'm not prepared to risk my boy 's education over a haircut .
' in the letter to parents , headteacher sue hammond explained the controversial decision saying : ` our school uniform policy provides clear guidelines as to those hairstyles which are acceptable in school and those which are not .
' i would ask for your support in refraining from allowing your son to cut his hair into an extreme version of the style as , if he does , he will be unable to attend mainstream lessons until such time as his hair has grown out .
' school staff have even spoken to a nearby barbers in billericay , essex , to explain anything shorter than a number two on the sides will not be acceptable for their pupils .
headteacher of billericay school sue hammond explained the controversial decision in a letter .
john revell , director of the billericay