ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats .
here is all the information you need for chelsea 's home clash with aston villa ... chelsea vs aston villa -lrb- stamford bridge -rrb- .
kick-off : saturday 3pm .
odds -lrb- subject to change -rrb- : .
chelsea 2/9 .
draw 5/1 .
aston villa 11/1 .
referee : phil dowd .
managers : jose mourinho -lrb- chelsea -rrb- , paul lambert -lrb- aston villa -rrb- .
head-to-head league record : chelsea wins 51 , draws 32 , aston villa wins 51 .
team news .
chelsea .
diego costa is set to return to chelsea 's starting line-up , despite his hamstring travails , for the premier league clash at home to aston villa .
striker costa , who has scored seven premier league goals this season , was rested for the midweek capital one cup defeat of bolton , in which chelsea made nine changes from the side which began the draw at manchester city .
diego costa -lrb- right -rrb- is set to start upfront for chelsea against aston villa on saturday .
manager jose mourinho is likely to revert to the majority of the side which started at city , although brazil midfielder ramires -lrb- abductor muscle -rrb- is out for at least another week .
provisional squad : courtois , cech , ivanovic , luis , fabregas , zouma , ake , ramires , oscar , hazard , drogba , mikel , schurrle , salah , remy , costa , matic , willian , cahill , terry , azpilicueta , christensen , boga , baker , schwarzer .
aston villa .
aston villa hope to be close to full strength against chelsea on saturday after a virus hit the squad last weekend .
a number of players were affected by a bug before , during and after their 3-0 barclays premier league defeat by arsenal .
christian benteke -lrb- centre -rrb- wo n't be risked as he steps up his recovery from a ruptured achilles .
however , manager paul lambert believes the illness has cleared up and that only captain ron vlaar -lrb- calf -rrb- and strikers christian benteke -lrb- achilles -rrb- and libor kozak -lrb-