with items such as venison and wild boar on the menu , you would be forgiven for thinking you were dining at an upscale , five-star restaurant .
but instead of being helmed by a celebrity chef , all the dishes in the clink are cooked and served by inmates .
and now the eatery - which is staffed by prisoners at hmp cardiff - has been recognised as the best place to eat in the city as voted for bytripadvisor reviewers .
scroll down for video .
the interior of the clink : all the dishes are cooked and served by criminals .
high security : the restaurant in hmp cardiff has been credited with helping slash rates of re-offending .
the clink , which opened in september 2012 , has been rated top on tripadvisor out of 946 restaurants in the capital , after more than 380 satisfied customers left glowing reviews .
one reviewer wrote that the ` friendly and informative staff ' put other waiters to shame .
` the standard set by everyone at this venue would be hard to match in any other restaurant we have been to in recent times , ' a happy diner wrote on the website .
another left a five-star rating with the comment : ` the waiters were great with perfect service - better than we have had in some starred restaurants - and also attentive to your needs .
' venison and wild boar ragout with game sausage , chargrilled polenta and seasonal vegetables .
dining behind bars : the menu features dihes such as spaghetti with vegetables and grilled aubergines .
about 30 prisoners work a 40-hour week either in the kitchen or restaurant , training towards nationally recognised city & guilds nvqs before returning to the prison at the end of each working day .
the team of trainers at the restaurant works closely with the prisoners to create seasonal dishes with fresh ingredients that are sourced locally where possible .
among its typical menu options are ` venison and wild boar ragout with game sausage , chargrilled polenta and seasonal vegetables ' and a ` celebration of rhubarb ' .
the clink restaurant in hmp cardiff has been voted the best place to eat in the city by tripadvisor reviewers .
jason lawrence , general manager at the clink , said : ` the