by .
emma innes .
published : .
08:18 est , 9 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:18 est , 9 may 2013 .
a two-year-old with cerebral palsy has taken his first steps after undergoing a life-changing operation .
abe astur has spastic diplegia which tightened his leg muscles , restricted his movement and , until recently , forced him to use a walking frame .
his family raised # 50,000 to pay for him to have a selective dorsal rhizotomy operation , in the u.s. because the procedure is not widely available in the uk .
abe astur , 2 , -lrb- pictured with his sister , thea , 4 , and parents leigh and gavin -rrb- was born with spastic diplegia which tightened his leg muscles and restricted his movement .
the operation involves severing the nerves in the spine that send messages to paralyse the leg muscles .
with the tensed muscles free to resume normal movement , the patient is then able to walk .
abe 's mother leigh , 35 , from winchester , hampshire , said : ` we are thrilled it went well .
` it 's now a case of building up abe 's muscles he has never used before and we are pleased we went through with the operation in america .
` his surgeon says abe will walk independently within six months of the procedure .
` this is the best prognosis we could have wished for and abe has been amazing .
` the surgery was tough and we spent a week in the hospital in st louis , missouri , as part of a month out there .
his parents raised # 50,000 to allow him to have surgery in america - the procedure involved cutting the nerves that told his leg muscles to contract .
` but because he is so young he did n't fully understand what was going on and he accepted everything and handled it very well .
' ms astur added that the surgeons believed abe will even be able to play sports in the future .
she said : ` this procedure should be more accessible and medical people should be more knowledgeable in the uk .
` it 's an operation which parents in england should be aware of but it 's just so difficult to get