ufc light heavyweight champion jon jones ran from a crash that hospitalised a pregnant woman - but quickly came back to grab ' a large handful of cash ' from the car , witnesses told police .
according to police , the accident occurred in southeastern albuquerque just before noon on sunday local time when the driver of a rented suv jumped a red light .
the driver , whom an off-duty officer identified as jones , ran from the scene but then returned for the cash before fleeing again , police said .
` witnesses stated he shoved the cash into his pants and ran north jumping the fence , ' the report said .
officers found a pipe with marijuana in the vehicle as well as mma and rental car documents in jones ' name , according to the police report .
police were searching for ufc champion jon jones in connection with a hit-and-run accident .
albuquerque police were seeking an arrest warrant for jones on monday .
they said he would likely face a felony charge of leaving the scene of an accident since the woman broke her arm in the crash .
police said in a news release they 'd been unable to reach jones or his lawyer .
however , jones handed himself in later the same day , with tmz reporting he was being held at bernalillo county metropolitan detention center .
according to the warrant , the pregnant woman told police she was driving when she was hit by a silver buick suv .
according to the document , she told authorities after the accident ' i am pregnant and i feel like i am going to pass out .
my arm is hurting all the way up and my husband is going to take me to the hospital .
' the woman 's arm is in a sling and she will get a cast on tuesday , the warrant said .
according to the warrant , she was planning to undergo a monday ultrasound .
the warrant also said the off-duty officer told responding police he could confirm jones ' identity because ' i watch ufc all the time , i know what jon jones looks like .
' an agent for jones , malki kawa , did not immediately respond to an email seeking comment from daily mail online on