residents who one year ago fought vainly to stop flooding destroying their homes have finally returned to somerset to rebuild their lives , as seen in this remarkable series of pictures illustrating their recovery .
in january and february last year , residents abandoned their homes after record rainfall saw rivers burst their banks following years of insufficient dredging .
more than 600 homes and 17,000 acres of farmland were inundated with quickly rising waters and entire villages were cut off in the wettest january since records began in 1766 .
now , 12 months on , many of the families caught up in the devastation have moved back into their homes .
for many , it comes after painstaking and tiring battles with insurers and builders .
a number of measures have also been taken to ensure the tragedy is not repeated , including the dredging of the rivers tone and parrett , to remove 130,000 cubic meters of silt .
and builder lee goddard was fined # 1,000 after becoming the first person in britain to be convicted of opening a sluice gate - after he was found to have opened sluice gates to protect his own property at the height of the floods , sending 45,000 cubic metres of water rushing towards local village thorney .
though prosecutors said it could not be confirmed whether goddard 's actions had directly caused damage to properties in thorney , he was accused of exacerbating the plight of villagers .
scroll down for video .
families forced to flee their waterlogged homes following last winter 's devastating floods on the levels have finally returned to their properties one year on .
on the left , somerset levels is pictured as muddy swampland during the february 2014 flooding .
right , it is pictured as it appears today .
resident mark corthine wades through his flooded kitchen last year -lrb- left -rrb- , while on the right , he is pictured in the kitchen again today .
more than 600 homes and 17,000 acres of farmland were in a similar position after quickly rising waters inundated entire villages .
it is only after a year of battles with insurers and builders that many relieved residents are finally able to move back into their homes .
pictured is mr corthine wading through waist deep water -lrb- left -rrb- last year , and