tottenham 's capitulations against the barclays premier league 's best teams prompted hugo lloris to question the character of his team-mates , but he believes mauricio pochettino will help them kick the habit .
liverpool , who visit white hart lane on sunday , fired nine past spurs goalkeeper lloris in two games last season while champions manchester city scored 11 .
those four hammerings -- and a 4-0 defeat at chelsea -- helped get both andre villas-boas and tim sherwood sacked , wrecked top four dreams and damaged the rebuilding process as the club tried to replace gareth bale with seven new players .
scroll down for video ... thumbs up !
hugo lloris is confident that mauricio pochettino will help tottenham beat the big teams .
hot spur : mauricio pochettino is unbeaten in the premier league ahead of sunday 's meeting with liverpool .
` it broke our confidence , ' said lloris .
` when you lost once it can happen but when you lost against top teams twice , three times , four times it means there was something wrong in our side .
` when you 're a player you 're just thinking about the next game and you do n't know what will happen .
the more you win the better you feel .
if you get a bad result you need to respond quickly next game with a victory .
' i have played a lot of important games and i have the faculty to switch from game to game but , collectively it is never easy to bounce back .
this is why it 's important always to believe in yourself , your teammates , your team , your club and the manager 's philosophy to always try to keep in a good level .
this is why we are working to find the best solution but always to improve as a team .
' lloris reached the point when he felt the urge to speak out .
` we have to show more character , ' he said , in april .
` we sometimes had the feeling that we gave up .
' must do better : tottenham conceded nine goals in two games against liverpool during last season .
blue murder : stevan jovetic -lrb- l -rrb- scores one of the 11 goals manchester city put past spurs