by .
alex finnis for mailonline .
up to 25 dogs and puppies have been killed in a huge blaze at a breeder 's home in yorkshire just days after more than 50 were killed in a similar fire in manchester .
the staffordshire bull terriers were kept in cages at the house of breeder amanda hart and her family .
one man , believed to be a family member , had to be physically restrained from running into the blaze , humberside fire service station manager paul clucas said .
` when the owner arrived back , he was obviously distraught and tried to get into the property to save the dogs .
i had to physically restrain him for his own safety .
there was no chance , flames were coming out of the hall and the roof , ' he said .
scroll down for video .
up to 25 dogs have been killed in hornsea , east yorkshire after a fire at the home of amanda hart last night .
the wooden structure was already well ablaze by the time firefighters reached the scene .
the fire , on graingers road , hornsea , east yorkshire , happened in a wooden-structured property , which was ` completely destroyed ' , a spokesperson for humberside fire and rescue service said .
the cause is not yet known .
mrs hart and her husband had put the dogs in cages and left to go to the supermarket when the fire engulfed their home and the kennels .
the family are said to be fine , other than inhaling smoke while trying to save the animals .
they are now staying with her parents in a bungalow , it says on a facebook page set up to raise money for the family which already has more than 900 likes .
one owner had to be physically restrained from running into the fire to try and save the dogs .
the cause of the fire is currently unknown , but the dogs are believed to have died after inhaling toxic fumes .
a message on the page , which calls on staffordshire terrier lovers to unite and help mrs hart and her family , reads : ` she -lsb- mrs hart -rsb- has lost everything and as you can imagine her world has been taken from her .
a staffordshire