by .
lillian radulova for daily mail australia .
and australian associated press .
social commentator and feminist jane caro insulted generations of women when she compared marriage to prostitution , a women 's advocate says .
caro said her comments on abc tv 's q&a on monday night were not aimed at modern wives , but she was speaking about the institution of marriage in the past .
' i was n't calling them prostitutes ; i was merely saying that old fashioned marriage from that period is uncomfortably close to an economic transaction , ' she told aap .
scroll down for video .
jane caro made the remarks in a special festival of dangerous ideas panel on q&a on monday night .
she has since adamantly stood by her comments while trying to clarify that she was not saying people 's ` grandmothers ' are prostitutes .
' i have been married for 39 years , i was at home with small children for five years .
` why would i say such a thing ?
' caro said on the program : ' i would argue that traditional marriage which included conjugal rights , particularly when women were not able to go to work or were fired when they first got married , and were basically selling their bodies and their reproductive rights to their husband - he bought them by giving her room and board in return - was a form of prostitution .
' australian christian lobby spokeswoman on women 's issues , wendy francis , said the comments were offensive to women , including her mother , who she said was a feminist in her time .
' i was n't calling them prostitutes ; i was merely saying that old fashioned marriage from that period is uncomfortably close to an economic transaction , ' she said .
` my very first thought when i first saw it was `` i really hope my mother is n't watching this '' , ' ms francis told aap .
` it definitely was an insult to previous generations .
' caro said it was n't until 1882 that women were able to retain their own money when they married .
she said in some professions women were fired when they got married in australia until the 1970s .
` these days because women earn their