by .
mark duell .
last updated at 3:26 am on 2nd september 2011 .
a judge has sensationally declared a mistrial in the long-running case of a teenager accused of murdering his gay classmate at their high school .
jurors could not reach a unanimous decision on the degree on the guilt of brandon mcinerney , now 17 , for killing larry king , 15 , three years ago .
the nine-woman , three-man panel unsuccessfully deliberated for a week over larry 's death at a school in ventura county , california .
mistrial : jurors could not reach a unanimous decision on the degree on the guilt of brandon mcinerney , now 17 , left , for killing larry king , 15 , right , three years ago .
jurors took votes with the last one being seven for voluntary manslaughter , while five for either first-degree or second-degree murder .
prosecutors must decide whether to re-file murder and hate crime charges against mcinerney - aged 14 at the time but tried as an adult .
ventura county superior court judge charles campbell declared the mistral .
larry 's family would not comment as they left the court .
both sides agreed mcinerney took a .22 - caliber handgun to school in february 2008 and shot larry twice in the back of the head .
it happened during a computer lab class in front of stunned classmates .
mcinerney embraced a white supremacist philosophy that sees homosexuality as an abomination , maeve fox , prosecuting , said .
anger : the shooting roiled gay-rights advocates and parents in oxnard , a city about 60 miles northwest of los angeles , california .
police found nazi-inspired drawings and artefacts at his house - and a white supremacist expert testified his ideology was behind the killing .
the attack was premeditated and at least .
six people heard him make threats against larry in the days leading to .
the shooting , ms fox said .
` he 's basically confessed to first-degree murder in this case ' maeve fox , prosecuting .
she said mcinerney told a psychologist he wanted to kill larry after he passed mcinerney in a school hallway and said : ` what 's up , baby ?
' ` he 's basically confessed to first-degree murder in this case , ' ms fox said .