by .
deni kirkova .
published : .
10:57 est , 15 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
12:32 est , 15 january 2014 .
a scientifically developed soft drink , named brainwave , has been designed to help you stay .
sharp and keep your brain healthy .
it could also help to reduce the .
chances of developing alzheimer 's disease and dementia later in life , .
say developers .
brainwave recently commissioned a review of independent and published scientific research into the relationship between green tea intake and cognitive health .
studies show drinking green tea at a certain level combined with other natural ingredients at a specific dosage encourages positive cognitive health .
results showed a positive relationship between .
drinking green tea at a certain level , combined with other natural .
ingredients at a specific dosage .
developers say this inspired the product as it is today .
the combination of ingredients in the drink helps the body to absorb the optimal amount of green tea - which has been proven to help to reduce the risk of cognitive degradation .
while published research , .
supported by newcastle science city , inspired the drink , developers .
say they will continue to fine tune the product as new data becomes .
available .
however , developers wanted to ensure they interpreted the information properly and commissioned a review .
richard baister , founder of brainwave says : ` to develop the drink the brainwave team gathered research from across the world .
` to ensure we interpreted the .
information properly , we commissioned a review of this research by dr. edward okello of newcastle university 's faculty of agriculture , food and .
rural development .
` dr. okello is a specialist in the field and his work was the inspiration for brainwave .
` it is a fact that the study of alzheimer 's and dementia is relatively new , in scientific terms , but medical expertise is developing quickly and hopefully it will soon be easier to treat and even prevent these conditions .
' the company pledges to help contribute .
to the fight against dementia and alzheimer 's and is donating 25 per .
cent of profits to fund further research and projects helping those .
already living with these conditions .
the 2.5 calorie