by .
anthony bond .
published : .
06:15 est , 23 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:31 est , 24 may 2013 .
forecasters are today predicting a warm bank holiday weekend - despite large parts of northern england being covered in a blanket of snow overnight .
britons would have been forgiven for thinking the worst of the weather was over after enjoying the warmest spell of the year earlier this month .
however , as these pictures show , the freezing conditions have made an unwelcome return .
around 2cm of snow fell today in teesdale , county durham , and across the northern pennines .
scroll down for video .
suspended : golf players shelter from hailstones during the glenmuir pga professional championship qualifier at hindhead golf club .
hailstones : unseasonal weather in surrey suspended a golf tournament as the terrain was too dangerous .
smiling in the rain : the prince of wales and the duchess of cornwall enjoying the market stalls in hay-on-wye , wales , as crowds braved the weather to greet them .
wintry : a blanket of snow covers teesdale in county durham on the first bank holiday in may this year , an event which has helped spark a met office emergency summit .
cold : a sheep and a lamb brave the snow in county durham this morning as wintry showers spread south from scotland .
the unseasonal chill is in stark .
contrast to a year ago to the day when glorious sunshine saw hundreds .
take to beaches and the countryside to bask in hot sunny weather .
however , it is not all bad news after .
forecasters today predicted that britain can expect temperatures to .
reach 19c over the bank holiday weekend .
paul mott , a senior forecaster with meteogroup , the weather division of the press association , said : .
` the weather is going to be warming up a little bit , although the weekend is not going to be a scorcher .
' warming up : this three-day met office graphic shows how conditions heading into the bank holiday weekend are set to improve .
isolated : this house was left looking bleak and desolate following the heavy snow in lecht , aberdeenshire .
unseasonal : around 2cm of snow fell today in parts of