this is the moment a suspected illegal immigrant was discovered after clinging to the bottom of a caravan as it drove from calais to a suburban road in kent .
the man , believed to be in his late teens , is thought to have tied himself to the chassis of the vehicle before it entered the channel tunnel .
he emerged after the two-hour journey as paul coles and his daughter , joanne , were returning the vehicle to its owner in hoppers way , ashford .
scroll down for video .
the young man , thought to be in his late teens or early twenties , was found after stowing away for the journey from calais to ashford in kent , which takes around an hour-and-a-half .
police arrived at the home of teresa tyrer , who runs scarlett motorhome hire , and took the man away in tears .
a spokesman said this morning he had been passed on to home office immigration enforcement .
mrs tyrer , said the youngster looked ` shaken ' and as though he ` did n't know what to do ' when he was found this afternoon .
` the man and his daughter had been driving since 3am to make the crossing at callais .
paul , joanne and clive coles with teresa tyrer as they return the motorhome which they had rented .
` literally the last thing i said to them before they left was to keep the garage doors locked and not to stop at any petrol stations , ' she said .
` many people are tempted to because it 's cheaper over there but i 've heard so much about people being bullied at the stations near the tunnel and others not wanting to get out because so many people were hanging around trying to catch a lift .
' as mr coles unloaded his daughter 's motorcycles , he discovered the young man who ` spoke no english ' .
the suspected illegal immigrant ` sat patiently ' on the grass as kent police arrived before taking him away in their vehicle .
teresa tyrer said the young man , though to be around 17 , cried as he was taken away .
the young man clung to the motorhome for the duration of the 54mile journey from the coast of france to hoppers