by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
16:45 est , 22 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:15 est , 23 january 2013 .
a personal assistant whose boss told her he wanted ` to trade her in for a younger model ' has won a claim for unfair dismissal at a tribunal .
dawn bailey , 52 , said she felt she had to leave her # 75,000 a year job at defence giant lockheed martin last february after she developed the chronic illness sarcoidosis and depression around the time she turned 50 .
she was pa to chief executive stephen ball but told the tribunal he repeatedly poked fun at her age and said her illness was ` disruptive ' .
dawn bailey , right , won her unfair dismissal case but the tribunal found comments made by stephen ball , left , about ' a younger model ' were made in jest .
when she confided in him that she had been diagnosed with sarcoidosis , a disease which causes swelling of the joints and a shortness of breath , he told her : ` you being ill is disruptive to me and others in the office ' .
despite working for the company for 19 years she resigned last february because it was ` impossible ' for her to stay , she said .
the central london employment tribunal ruled that miss bailey , of winfarthing , norfolk , had been wrongfully dismissed from her job and subjected to unfavourable treatment because she suffered from depression .
they said that the multi-billion pound company should have appreciated that ` more attention ' needed to be given to supporting miss bailey after she was diagnosed with depression and anxiety in november 2011 .
the tribunal said the comment about ' a younger model ' was made as a joke and rejected a claim for age discrimination but ruled she had been treated unfavourably because of her disability .
the tribunal had heard that miss bailey had an ` unblemished ' career at the military giant , but her relations with her boss mr ball began to sour towards the end of 2010 after she was diagnosed with sarcoidosis , a chronic illness she had watched her father died from 25 years earlier .
over the following year miss bailey took several weeks off