by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
19:09 est , 2 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
05:09 est , 3 september 2012 .
republican duo mitt romney and paul ryan are one of the hottest tickets this nation has ever seen , and now there 's proof that its not just their politics .
according to professors at the university of california , mitt romney scores in the 99th percentile of all politicians for his looks alone , far outpacing his running mate paul ryan , whose rock hard abs only earned him a spot in the 67th percentile .
the study was conducted to measure the ` competence ' of politicians and how much , if any , their attractiveness affected the outcomes of their elections .
hot or not : mitt romney and paul ryan are one of the hottest presidential tickets this nation has ever seen and now there 's proof that its not just their politics .
dangerous duo : according to professors at the university of california , mitt romney scored in the 99 percentile of all politicians , far outpacing his running mate paul ryan , who 's rock hard abs earned him only a spot in the 67th percentile of attractiveness .
` mitt romney is better looking than almost everyone reading this , ' professor ryan enos wrote when describing his work .
in 2007 , political science professors matthew atkinson , seth hill and ryan enos presented the faces of prominent politicians to university of california students for a split second and had them rank ` how competent ' the person appeared .
` the students seeing the candidates did not know that they were politicians , ' mr enos told the mail online .
` we believe that `` competence '' relates to general attractiveness , thus the fact that romney and palin both do quite well .
' mrs palin scored in the 95th percentile .
high ranking : the study was conducted to measure the ` competence ' of politicians and how much , if any , their attractiveness affected the outcomes of their elections .
sarah palin scored in the 95th percentile .
` their answers appear to judge mostly just blunt attractiveness , but it is hard to know exactly what makes somebody think a face is `` competent '' '