hartlepool united will not be signing convicted rapist ched evans , ` irrespective of his obvious ability as a football player ' .
the league two club today released a statement regretting their link with the 25-year-old striker , who was released from prison in october after serving half of a five-year sentence for the rape of a 19-year-old woman in a hotel room in 2011 .
however , the club mentioned the appeal in signing a player of evans ' ability in its statement .
striker ched evans , pictured playing for sheffield united .
he was released from prison in october after serving half of a five-year sentence for the rape of a 19-year-old woman in a hotel room in 2011 .
new manager ronnie moore said on saturday that he would like to bring the wales international to victoria park , but the club backed down in light of strong opposition from supporters and the town 's mp .
the statement read : ` following media reports relating to the possible signing of ched evans the club wishes to make its position clear .
` hartlepool united do not intend signing ched evans and , for the avoidance of doubt , will not be doing so , irrespective of his obvious ability as a football player .
new hartlepool manager ronnie moore said on saturday that he would like to bring the wales international to victoria park , but the club backed down in light of strong opposition from supporters and the town 's mp .
` this story has emerged following an unsubstantiated internet rumour which the manager was asked to comment upon .
the manager responded hypothetically to the situation by stating `` if it could happen i would want it to happen '' .
` this response was based upon the player 's obvious ability as a footballer and as such as then been headlined by the media without asking the club for their official position .
` the club can fully understand the concerns of supporters and the general public and regrets any misconception portrayed .
` after a highly positive week at hartlepool united following the takeover by new owners and the appointment of a new manager , the owners are saddened by this unfortunate turn of events and wish to draw a line under it immediately .
' evans was pictured