by .
eddie wrenn .
published : .
06:39 est , 15 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
13:18 est , 15 october 2012 .
a 65-year-old american woman who lost her home in the credit crunch is leading a class-action suit against 12 of the world 's major banks for their part in the financial crisis .
annie bell adams claims banks including barclays , rbs and lloyds , manipulated the libor rates to make mortgage repayments more expensive than they should have been .
the suit alleges the libor - the rate at which banks lend to each other - was artificially changed at times when it would have a big impact on adjustable mortgage rates , ` unjustly enriching ' the bankers at the cost of mortgage-holders losing their homes .
wide-reaching : the class-action suit takes in 12 banks , including some of the biggest names in wall street , as well as banks based in britain .
london 's financial district : banks from across the world , including barclays and hsbc , have been named in the suit , which was filed in new york .
the class action lawsuit , originating in alabama , alleges the rate-fixing meant homeowners paid thousands more than necessary between 2000 and 2009 - with the knock-on effect causing many families to lose their homes .
the group of 12 banks also includes ubs , citigroup , the bank of america , .
rabobank international holdings bv , credit suisse group ag , hsbc .
holdings , lloyds banking group , deutsche bank ag and the royal bank of .
canada .
libor , or the ` london interbank offered .
rate ' , is seen as the benchmark for more than $ 300trillion of loans and securities , and is re-calculated on a daily basis , based on groups of lenders estimating their borrowing rates .
but the suit alleges this rate was artificially changed at times when it would have a big impact on adjustable mortgage rates .
this allowed them to increase the payments by homeowners on adjustable rate loans , boosting profit , according to the lawsuit .
what is libor ?
it is the london inter-bank offered .
rate - the rate at which international banks lend to each other .
it is .
calculated every business day in 10 currencies