by .
felicia bromfield .
published : .
15:35 est , 11 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:35 est , 11 september 2013 .
do you know someone inspirational ?
the search for the 2013 winner is on .
the past year has been a whirlwind for shelley gilbert .
but ask her the best thing about becoming daily mail inspirational woman of the year 2012 and she will tell you about one little girl .
like many of the children shelley works with , the eight-year-old had lost both her parents and was living with her aunt .
and , like too many adults in this difficult position , the girl 's aunt had long refused any official help and support .
that was until the girl brought her aunt 's attention to an article in this newspaper about shelley and her ground-breaking charity grief encounter , which helps counsel families , and especially children , to cope with bereavement .
shelley recalls : ` she was able to .
persuade her aunt to contact us and we have been helping them for .
several months .
i 'm pleased to report they have come on in leaps and .
bounds .
not only does the little girl leave our workshops with a smile .
on her face , her aunt has benefitted from being with others in a similar .
position .
` if .
it had n't been for the attention the mail brought us , they would be .
suffering in silence , perhaps drowning in pent-up grief .
' even better , this was just one of hundreds of families who contacted the charity after last year 's award .
visits to grief encounter 's website rose from 500 to 2,500 a month .
they now have 30 counsellors , 100 volunteers , ten paid part-timers and this week gained their first paid full-time employee .
in february , they moved to a new office in finchley , north london , which has a drop-in centre .
worthy winner : shelley gilbert is presented with her award by darcey bussell .
she said the accolade has helped her charity reach even more people .
fundraising has rocketed , too - they made # 100,000 more than usual last year , which shelley attributes to her inspirational woman award .
` the more