many of us have become so reliant on our smartphones , we use them to carry out a staggering 221 tasks every day .
a study of 2,000 smartphone owners revealed that the average user reaches for their phone at 7:31 am each morning , to check personal emails and facebook .
and before they 've even got out of bed , the majority of people check the weather , read the news , and send a text or two to friends .
scroll down for video .
the average user reaches for their phone at 7:31 am in the morning , according to new research , and these users typically check personal emails and facebook before they even get out of bed .
almost four in ten smartphone owners admitted feeling lost without their gadgets .
it also emerged that people will check the train times , do their banking and update instagram early on in the day .
the research was carried out by marketing agency tecmark .
in an average week , research has discovered that the average user pick ups their phone more than 1,500 times a week .
the average owner uses this device for three hours and sixteen minutes each day - or the equivalent of almost one full day a week .
almost four in ten users admitted feeling lost without their gadgets .
many owners also confessed to finding themselves using their phone without realising they are doing so , with two thirds saying they have managed to log in and browse facebook without thinking .
and surprisingly , four in ten said they have , at one time or another , checked their emails automatically without thinking .
the study also revealed that smartphones are becoming more of a ` go-to-gadget ' , replacing desktops and laptops , which people only turn to for , on average , 140 tasks in a typical day .
managing director richard heyes said : ` smartphones are an easier way to access information and our friends through the internet .
` for most of us , it 's now second nature .
` and certainly we 're not surprised to see this huge reliance on our handheld devices .
` but many people may not realise just how many times a day they check their phone or carry out a simple task on it