by .
anna hodgekiss .
published : .
07:49 est , 8 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:25 est , 8 march 2013 .
the parents of a toddler who was ` sent home to die ' have spoken of their outrage after the general medical council refused to strike off the doctor who treated him .
the health watchdog was today accused of having ` blood on its hands ' after it allowed emergency out-of-hours gp aboo thamby to continue working .
harry connolly was 19 months old when he died of dehydration and acute kidney failure after suffering inflammation of the colon in may 2011 .
tragic : harry connolly died of acute dehydration and kidney failure .
his parents say the last doctor to treat him , out-of-hours gp aboo thamby , ` effectively killed ' their son .
doctors sent him home three times in three days even though he showed clear signs of dehydration .
the last person to treat harry was dr thamby , who told his parents lucy , 30 , and ray , 45 , their ` lifeless and unresponsive ' son had a virus .
he advised them to go home and feed him rice and yogurt .
two days later , harry died in his sleep .
an inquest last april condemned his treatment and said he died needlessly due to a series of failures and ` catastrophic ' errors by medical staff .
and last week , a gmc investigation ruled dr thamby 's conduct did not meet the standards required of a doctor and risked bringing the profession into disrepute .
it also found that his standard of .
care fell ` below the expected level of a competent gp ' and concluded .
there had been ' a significant departure from good medical practice ' .
but despite the findings the gmc decided that dr , thamby 's actions did not fall seriously below the expected levels or care .
they issued him with a formal warning .
- but did not suspended his licence or strike him off and allowed him .
to carry on practising as a doctor .
missed opportunities : doctors sent harry home three times in three days - even though he showed clear signs of dehydration .
angry : his parents raymond and lucy said the gmc has