mercedes motorsport boss toto wolff has described lewis hamilton and nico rosberg as ` almost like ... enemies ' in their head-to-head battle for this year 's formula one world title .
with six races remaining , starting with sunday 's singapore grand prix , just 22 points separate the pair as they fight it out for the sport 's most-prized trophy .
reflecting on what has unfolded between them on-track this season , wolff concedes there has been a noticeable deterioration in their roles as team-mates .
lewis hamilton and nico rosberg have been involved in many controversies this season .
most recently nico rosberg allowed his mercedes team-mate to take first place at the italian grand prix .
toto wolff admits lewis hamilton and nico rosberg are ` almost like enemies ' speaking to bbc sport , wolff said : ` it has changed from , let 's say , an almost amicable relationship at the beginning of the season to a very intense moment , where it was almost like realising these two are enemies competing for the world title .
` it 's also a learning process .
these boys have been calibrated their whole life that their main priority is to win the drivers ' championship in f1 .
` and here they go - they are in the same car , competing against each other for that trophy , and one is going to win and one is going to fail .
` this is a new experience for them - a difficult experience maybe .
' tensions mounted between the pair after an incident at the belgian grand prix .
rosberg forced hamilton to retire at the belgian grand prix after clipping his back wheel .
on occasion rosberg has shown a ruthless side to his nature , such as in monaco during qualifying , and again in belgium where he opted not to take avoiding action , instead colliding with the briton and puncturing a tyre .
wolff added : ` there are 22 guys out there and all of them are ruthless .
they know what they want and they will try to take it .
` nico has always been like this .
i do n't know why anyone had the perception of him being mr nice guy .
' as for hamilton , who has again endured one of