by .
chris paine .
and emily crane for daily mail australia .
foreign minister julie bishop 's mobile phone was hacked on foreign soil while she was dealing with mh17 tragedy , it has been revealed .
ms bishop 's phone has been examined by the australian security experts since she returned from a fortnight-long trip after the malaysia airlines passenger jet was shot down over ukraine .
the herald sun report does not reveal who hacked the foreign minister 's phone , or what material they managed to access , but it presents a serious security concern for the government .
scroll down for video .
julie bishop this week accused russia of trying to shift people and equipment into eastern ukraine by claiming there was a humanitarian crisis in the area .
however the reports claims that ms bishop 's phone was not used to communicate sensitive intelligence information .
she travelled to ukraine , the netherlands the united states during her time overseas .
it comes after russia 's foreign ministry hit out at ms bishop , labeling her comments on the russian aid convoy to ukraine as ` absurd ' and ` irresponsible ' .
ms bishop this week accused russia of trying to shift people and equipment into eastern ukraine by claiming there was a humanitarian crisis in the area .
but the suggestion that the several hundred trucks headed for eastern ukraine could be a pretext for military intervention reportedly frustrated russia 's foreign ministry .
a statement from the russian government department said that ` burdened by their own oversized ambitions , some members of the current australian government have completely lost an adequate picture of the developments in ukraine ' , itar-tass news agency reports .
julie bishop this week accused russia of trying to shift people and equipment into eastern ukraine by claiming there was a humanitarian crisis in the area .
the suggestion that the several hundred trucks headed for eastern ukraine could be a pretext for military intervention reportedly frustrated russia 's foreign ministry .
` they keep making absurd statements that the humanitarian convoy to help civilians in the south-east of ukraine can be used as a pretext for russia 's ` armed invasion ' of the neighbouring country , .
` australian foreign minister julie bishop has gone farther than others in making irresponsible innuendoes against