` it 's changing all the time , ' says photographer harry hook .
' i tell myself not to be nostalgic because i have to record africa 's state of flux and because yesterday is kind of irrelevant .
' after almost 40 years of photographing africa , hook is explaining why the dark continent continues to fascinate .
born and raised in kenya , he 's spent decades charting the changing circumstances of africa 's people , whether samburu pastoralists or tanzania 's hadza hunter-gatherers .
just how rapidly life is changing for africa 's traditional peoples is made clear in a new bbc4 documentary which follows hook as he searches for five samburu women he first photographed 30 years ago in northern kenya .
tradition : samburu tribespeople esia , ntiani , melenkuan and kutanas photographed by harry hook during a visit to their kenyan homeland in 2010 .
creative : linkas -lrb- left -rrb- and marian -lrb- right -rrb- show off their elaborate samburu jewellery in this pair of portraits taken in northern kenya in 2010 .
town : establishments such as this restaurant are encouraging people to swap traditional lifestyles for modern , urban dwellings .
once a nomadic people , the women he rediscovers have become sedentary , with one , ndito lekisoli , found living just two miles from where she was first photographed and claiming to have travelled no more than 12 miles in her entire life .
` life for them has changed a lot , ' explains hook .
' a lot of samburu have become sedentary , which does mean good things such as being able to send their kids to school , having access to healthcare , water and things like that .
` it 's not my role to bemoan the passing of an era but i do think tradition is very important in people 's lives .
' during his journey through samburu tribal land , a vast region that covers 8,000 square miles and includes the samburu national park , it becomes clear that many of the traditional ways do remain , even among samburu who have left the tribal homeland to pursue careers in nairobi and other large cities .
cattle camp : the mundari , a south sudanese people , live 75km from the capital juba and rely on their animals to survive