by .
anna edwards .
published : .
10:40 est , 17 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
06:48 est , 18 january 2014 .
new parents zara phillips and mike tindall may choose a name for their daughter in honour of a past queen .
zara gave birth to a baby girl at gloucestershire royal hospital this morning , with her husband mike tindall present at the birth .
the weight of the baby was 7lbs 12oz , buckingham palace announced today .
the princess royal broke with tradition and gave her daughter zara - a name not associated with the british royal family .
princess anne -lrb- seen today at her estate where her new granddaughter is believed to be -rrb- broke with tradition and gave her daughter zara a name not readily associated with the british royal family .
but zara and mike could pick a moniker for their baby that harks back to monarchs of the past .
among the favourites with bookmakers are charlotte , elizabeth , victoria and anne .
queen charlotte , who was born in 1744 , was married to george iii .
charlotte was actually her second name - her first being sophie .
a keen botanist , she founded kew gardens , had 15 children - 13 of whom survived - and was a patron of the arts .
some historians have argued that she was of african descent .
her daughter , born in 1766 , was also called charlotte and later known as the princess royal .
zara and mike could pick a moniker for their baby that harks back to monarchs of the past .
george iv also named his only child charlotte , but she died in childbirth at the age of 21 , leading to a mass outpouring of grief across the nation .
elizabeth is a highly respected name amongst the monarchy .
the queen is held in great respect by her family .
zara 's great-grandmother the queen mother was also elizabeth .
elizabeth i , the last tudor monarch who ruled from 1558 until 1603 .
victoria would pay tribute to the longest reigning british monarch so far .
victoria ruled for more than 63 years , acceding to the throne in 1837 .
britain had evolved into a constitutional monarchy .
anne , seen , with zara on her