the nation 's knees are crumbling under the strain of the obesity crisis , mailonline can reveal .
almost 9,500 people classed as obese , including two teenagers , underwent knee replacement surgery last year , at a cost of more than # 50million .
the numbers have surged by 150 per cent in just four years , and raise fresh concerns about the extraordinary cost to the nhs of dealing with expanding waistlines .
scroll down for video .
almost 9,500 people had knee replacement surgery last year because their joints could not cope with their weight , at a cost of more than # 50million to the nhs .
shocking new figures lays bare the impact on the nhs of the unexpected implications of children and adults becoming so fat their body can not carry them any more .
obesity costs the nhs # 5.1 billion each year with 40,000 people dying as a result of being overweight or obese .
now it can be revealed that one in 10 patients given new knees is obese , up from one in 20 just four years ago .
in 2009-10 , there were 3,787 operations carried out in england and wales where obesity was listed as a main or secondary diagnosis .
but by 2012-13 , the number had leapt to 9,438 , figures compiled for mailonline by the health and social care information centre -lrb- hscic -rrb- reveal .
over the last four years there have been a total of 28,000 knee replacements operations carried out on people who were obese .
it includes one boy aged between 10 and 14 who went under the knife in 2010-11 .
also in the last four years , knee replacements have been carried out on two boys and two girls aged 15-19 .
tory mp sarah wollaston , chairman of the health select committee , said : ` obesity is n't a disability , it causes disability .
because of the rise in obesity we are going to see a rise in avoidable disability .
` the thing we should be worrying about is we are not tackling it at an early enough stage .
` we should be focussing our effort on stopping people getting there in the first place .
` this is just the opening salvo of something that is going to get worse over the coming