maribel alpas , 31 , worked for filipino nurses dennis and girlie samson for two years , caring for their two young children , in warrington , cheshire .
detectives want to question two uk-based nurses after their children 's nanny was found beheaded in the philippines .
maribel alpas , 31 , worked for filipino nurses dennis and girlie samson for two years , caring for their two young children , in warrington , cheshire .
during a trip home to see her family in the philippines , the nanny went missing and on march 25 , her severed head was found in a canal .
bones and human remains were found among a pile of ashes at the samsons ' family home in the philippines , police said .
detectives .
have charged mrs samson 's brother elcielo valdez -- who is missing -- .
with her murder and said they urgently want to speak to her uk .
employers .
mr .
samson has been told not to return to work at warrington hospital , .
where he is a nursing assistant , while the trust sought information on .
the police investigation .
speaking from his three-storey semi-detached townhouse , in warrington , said : ` we are really stressful .
` the thing is , me and maribel , as employer and employee we do n't have any arguments .
` i never hit her .
i never did anything bad at all .
` it happened in the philippines .
i really had no idea .
' miss .
alpas , described as ` always smiling ' and ` family-orientated ' by her .
grieving relatives , was the breadwinner for her sister and mother , who .
lived in hinoba-an , in negros occidental .
she met the samsons in the philippines two years ago and agreed to move to england with them to care for their children .
according to local reports , the nanny went to the philippines for an extended holiday with the samson family in december last year .
write caption here .
mr and mrs samson then returned to britain , while miss alpas stayed on to visit her family .
shortly before the nanny flew back to england , mr samson reportedly asked her to visit his house in nueva ecija to pick up some documents for