by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
12:42 est , 20 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:14 est , 20 june 2013 .
researchers claim that a brutal slave-trader who brought captive slaves from west africa to colonial america is the same man whose descendants produced two u.s. presidents .
george w. bush and his father , george h.w. bush .
historians already knew that the bush family was directly connected to thomas walker , yet they were unable to figure out which was the ancestor of the bush 's .
records show there was a thomas walker who was a merchant from baltimore who was in great britain in 1758 .
looking back : researchers claim that a notoriously vicious slave-trader who brought captive slaves from west africa to colonial america is the same man whose descendants produced two u.s. presidents .
history of slavery : you have to go back six generations to find the ancestor that is directly linked to the present day george h.w. bush and george w. bush .
keeping it in the family : over the course of 200 years it is clear to see how the former presidents are related to their slavemaster ancestor .
archives also show thomas walker was a slave merchant and captain who bought and sold west african slaves in the late 1700s .
however , it was only recently that a retired genealogist and a historian in sierra leone finally figured out the two thomas walkers are actually the same person .
two men helped to clear up the murky past of the bush 's .
roger hughes , a retired newspaper editor and genealogist in illinois has previously documented other bush ancestors as slave owners in the united states and joseph opala , an american historian who has spent much of his adult life in sierra leone , the former british colony on the west african coast .
missing link : the ancestral link between the bush family and the slave trade is confirmed .
history : although britain outlawed slavery in 1833 and it was abolished in the usa after the defeat of the confederacy in the civil war in 1865 , the transatlantic trade in african slaves continued .
supporter of african : on his 2003 visit to goree island , a former slave fort off the coast of the