by .
eddie wrenn .
published : .
03:24 est , 9 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
05:11 est , 9 october 2012 .
iraq has been shipping oil to the syrian government to provide it with vital fuel at a time when syria is under international sanctions , it was claimed last night .
documents unearthed by the financial times show that the iraqi government , led by prime minister nouri al-maliki , is providing syria with 720,000 tons of fuel oil in a one-year contract .
baghdad 's goverment is supported by the u.s. government , and there are concerns in washington about the contract with syria , which is currently under trading sanctions .
the iraqi oil ministry delivered oil worth $ 14 million over june and .
july - with the payments made in cash .
iraqi oil to sanction-hit syria : a worker turning a valve at the shirawa oil field , where oil was first pumped in iraq in 1927 , outside the northern city of kirkuk .
a u.s. state department official , speaking anonymously , said the shipments did not violate u.s. or eu sanctions .
but he added : ` perceptions matter , so we encourage countries trading with syria to be open about their legal and non-sanctionable exchanges .
` if this is going to continue , we think the iraqis should be up front about it .
' the news comes after u.s. officials complained that iraq was allowing iranian planes - carrying weapons - to fly across its airspace on their way to syria .
syria or iraq did not respond to requests for comment .
meanwhile turkey has authorised troops to launch cross-border attacks against syria yesterday as its military fired on targets in the country for a second day .
the attacks yesterday was in retaliation for shelling by syrian forces that killed two women and three of their daughters in the turkish border town of akcakale last wednesday .
deadly strikes : smoke rises after a mortar bomb fired from syria landed in turkish soil on the turkish-syrian border in southern hatay province on monday .
turkish president abdullah gul said .
on monday the ` worst-case scenarios ' were now playing out in syria and .
turkey would do everything necessary to protect itself , as its army .
fired back