by .
chris pleasance .
when one very excited 10-year-old .
claimed to have found a mummy in his grandmother 's attic , it took his .
parents a while to realise he was n't making it up .
but , .
unfortunately for little alexander kettler , from diepholz , his historic .
find has proved to be a little less exciting than originally thought .
it .
turns out that the supposed 2000-year-old egyptian mummy is actually .
made of plastic , a discovery made after scientists finally unwrapped the .
corpse for inspection .
mysterious find : a 10-year-old german boy found what appeared to be a mummy in a sarcophagus in his grandmother 's attic .
experts now claim they were fooled by a chemical spray which made the bones appear real .
lutz .
gaebler , a lower saxony prosecutor who had declared the ` mummy ' was .
2,000 years old , has admitted that bone x-rays have proven him wrong .
` the mummy was unwrapped , and we have seen relatively quickly that the ingredients are not ancient , ' he said .
in .
an unexpected and slightly macabre twist , the mummy did contain a .
genuine skull , though an arrowhead found lodged in it appeared to come .
from a child 's toy .
relic : mr kettler believed that his father may have brought an unusual souvenir back from a trip to north africa in the 1950s .
interest peaked the the so-called ` mummy of diepholz ' after it was found in the corner of an attic last month .
lutz .
wolfgang kettler , father of the boy who discovered it , theorised that .
his own father may have bought it while travelling in the 1950s when .
there was still a mummy trade operating .
according .
to kettler , ` unwrapping parties ' - where a genuine mummy is unwrapped .
and the trinkets inside handed out - were not uncommon in germany at the .
time .
the sarcophagus was .
found alongside a death mask and a canopic jar - used to store .
organs extracted from the deceased - but these were quickly outed as .
fake .
kettler insisted on .
having the corpse itself tested though , intrigued at the possibility of it .
being real ,