by .
david mccormack .
published : .
17:59 est , 8 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
18:09 est , 8 november 2012 .
voters in new hampshire have become the first to elect a transgender person to their state legislature .
stacie laughton , 28 , won a seat in the new hampshire house of representatives in tuesday 's election .
she is a trans woman , that is someone with a female gender identity who was assigned as male at birth .
laughton said she hopes her victory will inspire others from the lgbt -lrb- lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgender -rrb- community to get more involved in mainstream politics .
stacie laughton , 28 , has become the first transgender person to be elected to the state legislature .
laughton 's victory has been hailed as a ` milestone ' by the gay & lesbian victory fund .
` my hope is that now maybe we 'll see .
more people in the community running , maybe for alderman .
maybe in the .
next election , we 'll have a senator , ' she told the -lrb- nashua -rrb- telegraph .
gender .
issues are a key concern for laughton , but she also wants to be seen as .
just another lady on the house floor and someone who represents all people , regardless .
of their gender identification .
` this .
area of new hampshire needed somebody like me , ' she said , ` somebody who .
understands the complex issues that this district faces , somebody who .
understands what it 's like to live with a lower income , somebody who .
knows the people in the area .
' laughton , .
who has been politically active since she was a teenager , she takes a .
liberal position on most issues , but on finances she considers herself a .
conservative .
key issues for laughton are advocating for the homeless , those in low-income housing , and those .
with mental illnesses and physical disabilities .
she has also said she would .
like to strengthen the public school system .
the .
victory was hailed as a ` milestone ' by the gay & lesbian victory .
fund , which works to support out lgbt candidates and political .
appointees .
laughton