the bi-racial parents of a six-year-old who starred in a cheerios advert have hit back against racists , saying they need to accept : ` we are part of the face of america ' .
cheerios was forced to restrict online comments after posting the commercial on youtube earlier this month , after a barrage of negative and racist comments .
christopher colbert has reacted to the abuse aimed at his daughter grace after she appeared in the national advert , saying : ` america needs to see this is just a way of life .
' scroll down for video : .
debate : christopher and janet colbert talk about the reaction to grace appearing in a cheerios advert .
two weeks after the advert was aired - sparking a nationwide debate about mixed-race families - the colberts talked to msnbc about their experiences .
mr colbert said : ' i was n't upset or anything .
i was pretty much really excited about having this type of reaction so we could see where we still stand in america .
' he added that the first few comments on the online version of the advert had been good , before negative comments started to appear .
the advert has been viewed more than 3.4 million times on youtube .
before the comments were removed , 1,900 viewers had given the advert the thumbs down and , according to adweek , the site contained numerous references to nazis , ` troglodytes ' and ` racial genocide ' .
the commercial features a mixed-race girl asking her white mother if cheerios are good for the heart before running out of the kitchen when she is told that they are .
the shot then cuts to her black father waking from a nap to find a pile of cheerios on his chest .
the racist response to the advert has led to a debate about attitudes to mixed-race families .
abuse : the cheerios advert starring grace attracted racist abuse because it shows a mixed-race family .
reality : cheerios chose to portray a mixed-race family to reflect the changing look of families in the u.s .
a blogger on jezebel wrote : ' -lsb- it -rsb- is a huge step for interracial families like mine who want to be seen in public together and maybe eat some heart healthy snacks but