by .
alan roden .
scottish soldiers will desert alex salmond 's independent army to fight alongside their british comrades if the snp wins next year 's referendum .
a devastating new study which quizzed servicemen has left the nationalists ' defence blueprint in tatters , concluding that mr salmond 's proposals ` do not withstand serious scrutiny ' .
for the first time , serving soldiers were asked for their views and ` a majority -- perhaps even a large majority ' would prefer to remain with the british armed forces ' because they will see action instead of spending their time in scotland ` thumb twiddling ' .
scroll down for video .
desertion : troops in scottish regiments will reject alex salmond 's independent army , a new report reveals , raising doubts about the future of regiments like the argyll and sutherland highlanders pictured on a parade through port glasgow town last month .
in one platoon , 30 of the 32 men who returned from afghanistan earlier this year said they would not join a scottish defence force -lrb- sdf -rrb- .
one soldier was undecided and another admitted he would join the sdf for an easier life , adding : ` all we 'd be doing is checking passports on the m6 .
' one officer questioned why a young scottish man would sign up to ` sit on the border in cyprus or lebanon with a blue beret and no rounds in his rifle ' when he could instead train at sandhurst and join an elite fighting force .
the findings have raised fears of a ` two-tier ' military structure in scotland , with the brightest and best youngsters choosing to defend britain before transferring to the sdf once they are married , have children and want to ` calm down a bit later in life ' .
scotland would also need its own special forces to protect the north sea oil rigs , but there would be a major recruitment crisis because the job would involve ` thumb twiddling ' .
other findings in the 128-page report from the highly respected henry jackson society include : .
the report , launched in edinburgh today , has been written by defence expert and author george grant .
he has previously provided briefings to the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- and the