by .
james nye .
charged : pallavi dhawanwas was arrested and charged earlier this year after police were called to the family 's frisco home and discovered her son 's body on ice in the bathtub .
the texan mother accused of murdering her 10-year-old son and then keeping his body preserved on ice in a bath for 5 days has said she did not kill him and was complying with hindu rituals .
the family of pallavi dhawanwas have released an affidavit which states she loved her son arnav ` with all my heart and never would hurt him in any way .
' dhawanwas was arrested and charged with murder in january after police were called to the family home in frisco on her husband 's return from overseas business and discovered the body of arnav lying in a bathtub , surrounded by ice and covered with a sheet .
' i want to make it perfectly clear to the world that : i did not hurt arnav .
i did not kill arnav .
i did not murder arnav .
i did not drown or smother arnav .
i did not poison arnav , ' the affidavit states according to nbcdfw .
' i did not fail to render aid to arnav at any time .
' police charged pallavi in late january when her husband phoned police after becoming worried that his wife was not at home to greet him on his return from business after three weeks out of the country .
arrest : pallavi dhawanwas was taken into custody after her husband called police to their frisco , texas home in late january after he could n't find his wife or his son .
he had also received emails from his sons school stating he had not attended classes for several days .
in their report , officers said they arrived and witnessed pallavi have a heated conversation with her husband when she came home .
sumeet then became furious and called officers to a locked bathroom door - which they broke down .
officers found the boy 's body in the tub at his home , wrapped in cloth up to his neck surrounded by ice .
` officers asked mrs. dhawan if the child was in the room , and she nodded her head ` yes .
' officers asked her