time to say goodbye : oprah winfrey 's harpo studios will close its doors in chicago in december after 26 years , and all of the operations will be moved to the oprah winfrey network 's new headquarters in west hollywood .
oprah winfrey is getting ready to leave windy city for good in favor of tinsel town .
by the end of this year , winfrey 's harpo studios will close its doors in chicago after 26 years , and all of the operations will be moved to the oprah winfrey network 's new headquarters in west hollywood , it was announced today .
the 61-year-old media mogul , ranked 603 on forbes ' 2015 list of billionaires , personally delivered the news to her staff in chicago tuesday morning .
the oprah winfrey network -lrb- own -rrb- was founded by the former ` queen of daytime ' in 2011 in los angeles , and winfrey 's executives have spent the past four years traveling back and forth between chicago and hollywood .
two months ago , own moved into a new three-story space called the lot in west hollywood , setting the stage for the shutdown of harpo studios in chicago .
' -lsb- chicago has -rsb- been everything for me .
i 've spent more hours in this building than i have any other building on earth , ' miss winfrey told the hollywood reporter by phone .
` we were here when there was nothing but hoes and rats on the street , and now it 's one of the hottest neighborhoods .
' the academy award-nominated actress and film producer acknowledged that it would be sad for her to bid farewell to her old home base , but she felt it was the right time to consolidate her network 's operations under one roof .
end of an era : after 26 years in chicago 's west loop , winfrey 's production company will move out of the four-building campus .
new home : two months ago , the four-year-old oprah winfrey network moved into a new three-story space called the lot in west hollywood .
harpo will stop shooting shows for own as of tuesday , and the studio will officially shutter its doors in december .
miss winfrey said in a statement tuesday that harpo studios has been a ` blessing ' in