distraught parents have made a emotional plea for their five year old boy to come home after he was swept out to sea by a freak wake .
a major search to find missing , jack dixon , is underway after the little boy disappeared into the water on shelly beach at mount maunganui in new zealand around noon on wednesday .
the young boy was playing with family when a large wave dragged him into the surf along with two of his cousins .
the two sisters scrambled on to rocks and were dragged ashore by two relatives but jack , who could not swim , disappeared into the water .
jack dixon , 5 , went missing at shelly beach at mount maunganui in new zealand on wednesday .
inspector karl wright-st clair from new zealand police said they would continue to search for the boy until dark fell .
'50 search crews and rescue volunteers , plus a number of surf life saving volunteers are wading through rock pools , ' he said .
` it 's -lrb- the search -rrb- been going on for 30 hours , crews are tired but highly motivated to bring him home .
' ` we are basically searching to bring jack home to his family as apposed to a rescue operation .
' ` its mostly been professional volunteers and land search and rescue and surf life saving , these people are all volunteers .
' the inspector said , on wednesday when the boy went missing , there was a three to four easterly swell running straight into shelly beach .
he described the beach as normally very safe , used by many families and young children all year round .
` he was caught by a freak wave , ' said inspector wright-st clair .
jack 's parents wayne dixon and karen spargo released a statement through the police thanking all those who have helped .
` we are shocked , upset , and lost at what has happened .
' ` we want to thank police , lifeguards , and everyone who has done so much for us .
we know there is so much community support , and we 're truly touched .
' the young boy was playing with his cousins when a large wave dragged him into the surf .
` jack will be