by .
dan bloom .
published : .
06:10 est , 24 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:23 est , 24 october 2013 .
` shocking ' : an mp has condemned the toll of military dogs put down since 2009 .
more than 350 retired military dogs have been put down since 2009 , figures reveal today .
the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- put down 42 british dogs due to a `` dangerous temperament '' , while 27 developed cancer-related health problems .
the majority , 117 were put down due to ` age and welfare ' reasons while 76 had osteoarthritis .
four were killed in action in afghanistan , and a fifth was put down due to injuries from a road accident .
mps and animal charities have called on the mod to ensure euthanising elderly dogs is a ` last resort ' .
liberal democrat mp tessa munt said she was ` genuinely shocked ' .
she added : ` when the mod .
invests millions of taxpayers ' money on training these animals , it seems .
unfortunate that their ongoing welfare is not taken nearly as .
seriously .
this is troubling .
' i .
have always believed that the way people treat animals says a lot about .
them , and i hope that the release of these figures into the public .
domain will lead to greater planning and a more compassionate approach .
in future .
' the figures have been released weeks after it emerged two raf dogs which guarded prince william were put down days after he left the service .
belgian shepherd brus and german shepherd blade were put down shortly after the duke of cambridge 's final shift at raf valley in anglesey , wales .
protected : prince william 's two guard dogs were .
destroyed days after he left the raf .
mp tessa munt , pictured right with her pet poppy at the westminster dog of the year show , said she was shocked by the figures .
when the story emerged the mod agreed to review its .
policy to ensure a military vet and experienced dog handler are both .
involved in every decision to put a dog down .
a spokesman added a further 419 dogs were rehomed between january 2009 and june this year