homeowners could be stung with fines of up to # 2,500 if they allow invasive plants such as japanese knotweed of giant hogweed to spread from their properties under anti-social behaviour legislation .
the home office has published a briefing document on the reform of anti-social behaviour powers , which normally control drunkenness , drug taking and objectionable conduct .
the legislation will target plants which can cause illness , threaten biodiversity or even damage property .
japanese knotweed can grow up to 10cm per day and can force its way through tarmac causing damage .
under the new plan , homeowners or businesses could be fined for failing to tackle invasive plants .
giant hogweed is also a dangerous invasive plant whose sap can cause blistering on the skin .
according to a home office briefing document : ` japanese knotweed , for example can grow through tarmac and can cause structural damage to property , whilst giant hogweed can cause harm to human health .
` the anti-social behaviour , crime and policing act 2014 does not explicitly refer to japanese knotweed or other , similar invasive non-native plants , as the new anti-social behaviour powers are intended to be flexible .
` howver , frontline professionals can stop or prevent any behaviour that meets the legal test in the powers .
' under the scheme , the legislation can be used to order an individual to prevent the growth and spread of ` plants that are capable of causing serious problems to communities ' .
japanese knotweed - which has the scientific name fallopia japonica - was introduced into britain by the victorians .
incredibly invasive , it can grow four inches -lrb- ten centimetres -rrb- in a day from april to october and a tiny root can establish itself as a plant in just ten days .
apparently solid structures such as tarmac and flooring in houses are no barrier to its growth and the weed also creates a risk of flooding if leaves clog waterways .
knotweed is recognised by its shovel-shaped leaves , bamboo-like stem and white flowers produced in autumn .
people who fail to act to stop the spread will be deemed to be acting unreasonably and could face possible sanction .
the home office said that local councils or the police have the power to issue notices which can place restrictions