a man in georgia last week stumbled across what he now calls ` the best hunting story of my life ' .
out looking for deer in the woods near his home in chattahoochee hills , casey sanders said he heard a shout before seeing a naked young man stranded by a creek .
shocked and suspicious , sanders announced that he was armed and started filming the bizarre encounter , which took place on october 2 .
he soon figured out the confused twenty-something had attended the electronic dance festival tomorrowworld , which was set on a 500-acre property not far away , but had finished four days earlier .
scroll down for video .
dazed and confused : a naked reveler from music festival tomorrowworld in chattahoochee hills , georgia , is found stranded in a creek on a nearby property four days after the dance party finished by a local hunter , who filmed the encounter on his phone .
' i was attacked ' : the stranger , who has n't been identified , claims he was ` beaten up ' and drugged by a group of men and then dumped in the woods , where he remained lost for four days .
appearing disoriented and admitting he was n't sure what state he was in , the naked reveler eventually said he had been attacked while leaving the three-day jamboree , which concluded on september 28 .
` three guys , they beat the crap out of me , ' the stranger can be heard saying in the youtube clip , the houston chronicle reported .
` they drugged me out to the middle of nowhere .
` they stripped me down and they kicked me out .
' the man said he had spent ` days ' looking for water and , once finding the stream , decided to stick by it .
sanders continued to interrogate the man from afar , asking him where he was from and his address , which the man could not remember .
the man said he was from atlanta , a one hour drive from chattahoochee hills , where tomorrowworld was staged .
he also begged sanders not to call the police .
after four minutes of filming , sanders , now convinced the man needed help , stopped recording .
in the comments section of the