president barack obama has left india for saudi arabia without inking a climate deal that formed much of the basis for his second trip to the subcontinent .
the hindustan times reported on tuesday that india has refused to embrace the idea of a ` peaking year ' for greenhouse gas emissions -- a designated year after which emissions levels would have to start decreasing .
china agreed to that sort of framework last year , but indian officials now see being lumped in with beijing as a negative thing .
india is the world 's fourth-biggest carbon emitter .
china is number one .
` having a peaking year was not acceptable to us , ' an indian environment ministry official told the times .
obama visited india on air force one , a plane that burns five gallons of jet fuel for every mile it flies .
his round-trip , including a stop in saudi arabia , will emit 809 tons of co2 into the atmosphere .
` few countries will be more affected by a warmer planet than india ' : obama told 1,500 young people that he was trying to fix the planet for their generation , but left india empty-handed .
is it warm out here or is it just me ?
india 's prime minister narendra modi -lrb- left -rrb- and us president barack obama -lrb- right -rrb- could n't iron out their global-warming differences in new delhi .
the u.s. president spared no rhetorical expense on tuesday morning in new delhi , telling an audience of 1,500 youths that america would ` continue to help india deal with the impacts of climate change , because you should n't have to bear that burden alone .
' but that promise , it seems , applies chiefly if india follows obama 's lead , something it wo n't do .
prime minister narendra modi 's government is brushing off obama 's demands , instead maintaining that it will reduce co2 levels as a percentage of its economic output -- not in hard measurements of greenhouse gases .
india also says it will quintuple its solar energy capacity and boost its wind energy capacity 30-fold by 2022 .
but a china-like agreement is off the table .
in late 2014 obama reached a deal with beijing that committed the united states to a cut in greenhouse