this is the moment a driver deliberately blocked a sneaky motorist who tried to beat a traffic jam with an undertaking manoeuvre .
traffic had started to build up on the m58 around switch island on merseyside , with one motorist filming the gridlock on a dashcam .
but one driver in a silver mercedes obviously was n't prepared to wait in the queuing traffic on the outside lane , where vehicles were merging .
traffic began to build up on the m58 around switch island in merseyside when a silver mercedes attempted to undertake the trafffic .
but a renault driver was n't happy and pulled into the inside lane to block the mercedes from moving forwards .
he attempted to sail up the inside lane in a sneaky bid to avoid having to wait .
but to his shock , a silver renault then pulls into the inside lane to block the mercedes from advancing any further .
not content with having to wait , the mercedes driver the tries to both overtake and undertake the renault in an attempt to get past the vehicle .
the two cars then swerve around the lane as the renault stays determined in not letting the mercedes past .
the mercedes , behind , is then forced to wait like the rest of the drivers , for 10 minutes as they approach an roundabout .
but each time he tries , the renault swerves in the lane blocking the mercedes from passing .
the swerving goes back and forwards for over a minute before both drivers wind down their windows to confront each other .
the pair can be seen pointing and shouting at each other but despite their argument , neither driver lets up .
eventually the mercedes driver catches up to the renault with the man shouting and pointing at the renault driver .
this then forces the mercedes to wait 10 minutes in the queue like everybody else before moving back into the correct lane as they approach a roundabout .
the incident was captured on a dashcam by a passing motorist and posted to youtube by a user called lancashire dashcam .
and despite only being uploaded yesterday , it has already been viewed thousands of times .