a superbike fan was pulled over by police after performing high-speed wheelie stunts on one of britain 's most famous roads .
the unidentified man was filmed by a passer-by riding a yamaha r1 worth around # 12,000 on sloane street in knightsbridge , central london , on saturday evening .
revving the bike 's powerful engine and skidding on the tarmac in busy traffic , he was clearly having fun - but this was soon cut short when police officers arrived to put a stop to his antics .
scroll down for video .
stunts : this superbike fan was filmed performing high-speed wheelie stunts on sloane street in knightsbridge .
up in the air : the motorcyclist was seen speeding past the 22 bus in central london on saturday evening .
head down : revving the bike 's engine and skidding on the tarmac in busy traffic , he was clearly having fun .
speed : he was riding a yamaha r1 worth around # 12,000 on sloane street in knightsbridge , central london .
a passer-by said : ` he was doing this on a busy road with lots of people around .
drivers and pedestrians were definitely not impressed .
he must have got up to 80mph easily at some points .
` that 's a very powerful bike and it was a busy time of day in traffic .
' a metropolitan police spokesman told mailonline today : ` police received a report of a motorcyclist riding erratically on sloane street at approximately 19:30 on august 3 .
famous road : the street is close to harrods and home to stores of top fashion designers such as dior .
passing by : sloane street is also famous for the cadogan , millennium and jumeirah carlton tower hotels .
speaking to officers : his fun was cut short when the metropolitan police arrived to put a stop to his antics .
discussion : a metropolitan police spokesman told mailonline that the man was spoken to but not arrested .
` officers spoke to the man and no further action was taken and there were no arrests .
' ` drivers and pedestrians were definitely not impressed .
he must have got up to 80mph ' passer-by .
the street - which is close to harrods and home to stores of top fashion designers such as dolce