a ` phony ' army ranger who was confronted at a pennsylvania shopping mall on black friday by a decorated afghanistan vet previously pleaded guilty to impersonating a police officer .
sean yetman , 30 , was spotted parading around oxford valley mall dressed in camouflage fatigues and wearing military honors that he could n't possibly have been awarded .
a youtube video of a confrontation between him and ryan berk , a purple heart recipient , who was immediately suspicious of yetman 's mismatched uniform has been watched more than 2.7 million times since it was posted on friday .
scroll down for video .
sean yetman , the ` phony ' army ranger who was confronted at a pennsylvania shopping mall on black friday by a decorated afghanistan vet , has previously pleased guilty to impersonating a police officer .
court documents show that in may 2003 , yetman pleaded guilty to impersonating a police officer .
a bucks county court summary shows that in may 2003 he pleaded guilty to impersonating a public servant .
yetman has refused all offers to speak to the media since the incident , but his fiancée told army times that he has ` spiraled into a deep depression ' since being exposed .
adrienne lally said yetman lost his job and has had a nervous breakdown .
` the phone calls do not stop , and we are now hearing death threats .
all of this has us concerned for our children and their safety , ' she wrote via email .
` he is a good man with a very big heart and this backlash has spiraled him into a deep depression .
' yetman is facing possible criminal charges after u.s. rep. mike fitzpatrick -lrb- r-bucks -rrb- asked the u.s. attorney in philadelphia to determine if there was evidence of a federal crime against yetman .
under the stolen valor act of 2013 , it is illegal for an individual to fraudulently portray him or herself as a recipient of any of several specified military decorations or medals with the intent to obtain money , property or other ` tangible benefit .
' berk said he gets ` frustrated ' by people pretending to be army vets ` because you serve with good men who have either lost their loves or been seriously wounded who earned that uniform '