dr abraham borbor , the deputy chief medical doctor at the country 's largest hospital in monrovia , had been among three liberians - and the first africans - who received the drug , zmapp .
officials in the country confirmed today he had lost his battle with ebola .
a liberian doctor who was among three africans to receive an experimental ebola drug has died , it was announced today .
dr abraham borbor , the deputy chief medical doctor at the country 's largest hospital in monrovia , had been among three liberians - and the first africans - who received the drug , zmapp .
he worked at the john f. kennedy medical center in the country 's capital .
initial reports suggested all three recipients of the drug had responded well after receiving the drug on august 13 .
but dr borbor yesterday took a turn for the worse , the country 's .
information minister lewis brown told the associated press .
two americans , dr kent brantly and aid worker nancy writebol , received the untested drug and survived .
but .
a spanish missionary infected with ebola died after receiving the .
treatment - and there has been no update on the two other liberians who .
took doses of it .
ebola .
has killed more than 1,400 people across west africa .
there is no .
proven vaccine or cure for the disease that can cause a grisly death .
with bleeding from the eyes , mouth and ears .
the virus can only be .
transmitted through direct contact with the bodily fluids of the sick or .
from touching victims ' bodies , leaving doctors and other health care .
workers most vulnerable to contracting it .
the first british victim , nurse william pooley , is now being treated in an isolation unit in london 's royal free hospital .
the 29-year-old had selflessly .
volunteered to serve in a makeshift clinic in sierra leone where other nurses had died .
from ebola or were too scared to come into work .
mr .
pooley last night arrived back to london after being airlifted in an .
isolation sack for treatment at the north london hospital .
last night the nhs started a global hunt for remaining supplies of the only treatment thought to combat the virus -