by .
james rush .
published : .
12:24 est , 21 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:31 est , 21 february 2013 .
popular : lego saw sales rise 25 per cent , boosted by the popularity of lego friends -lrb- pictured -rrb- , which sold so well production units were unable to keep up with demand .
sales for danish toymaker lego soared 25 per cent last year , thanks in part to its new series of building blocks designed for girls .
the privately owned company today said that on revenue of 23.4 billion kroner -lrb- # 2.7 billion -rrb- its net profits grew 38 per cent , to 5.6 billion kroner -lrb- # 650 million -rrb- .
the company , based in western denmark , said the lego star wars and lego ninjago series remained among the more popular , but it was a novel rollout for girls , lego friends , that sold better than expected - to the extent that production units were unable to keep pace with demand .
chief executive joergen vig knudstorp said lego had shown it can develop toys that children across world ` put at the top of their wish lists in 2012 .
' in the united states , lego friends surpassed early projections , with its sales eventually increasing three times more than expected , lego said .
the new line , which includes mini-figures in pink , a dream house with a pool , and a beauty shop , was criticised by some us consumer groups as reinforcing gender stereotypes .
lego said its share of the total us toy market has quadrupled in five years .
as of the end of 2012 it was 7.9 per cent , up 1.6 percentage points from the previous year .
markets in north america , asia and europe delivered ` impressive ' sales results , the toy maker said , while growth in some southern european markets were ` more moderate but still in healthy single digits .
' the company , which sells products in more than 130 countries , expects sales to continue to climb in 2013 , but at a slower rate due to global economic uncertainty .
lego is not publicly listed but has published earning reports since 1997 .
it does not release quarterly figures .
lego said its star