the number of confirmed ebola cases passed the 10,000 mark over the weekend , despite efforts to curb its spread .
and while the disease typically dies on surfaces within hours , research has discovered it can survive for more than seven weeks under certain conditions .
during tests , the uk 's defence science and technology laboratory -lrb- dstl -rrb- found that the zaire strain will live on samples stored on glass at low temperatures for as long as 50 days .
the left-hand charts plot survival rates of zaire strain of ebola -lrb- zebov -rrb- and lake victoria marburgvirus -lrb- marv -rrb- on glass -lrb- a -rrb- and plastic -lrb- b -rrb- at 4 째 -lrb- 39 째f -rrb- over 14 days .
the right-hand charts reveal the survival rate under the same conditions over 50 days .
both viruses survived for 26 days , and ebola was extracted after 50 days .
the tests were initially carried out by researchers from dstl before the current outbreak , in 2010 , but the strain investigated is one of five that is still infecting people globally .
the findings are also quoted in advice from the public agency of health in canada .
ebola was discovered in 1976 and is a member of the filoviridae family .
this family includes the zaire ebolavirus -lrb- zebov -rrb- , which was first identified in 1976 and is the most virulent ; sudan ebolavirus , -lrb- sebov -rrb- ; tai forest ebolavirus ; ebola-reston -lrb- rebov -rrb- , and bundibugyo ebolavirus -lrb- bebov -rrb- - the most recent species , discovered in 2008 .
for their 2010 paper , ` the survival of filoviruses in liquids , on solid substrates and in a dynamic aerosol ' , the uk 's defence science and technology laboratory -lrb- dstl -rrb- tested two particular filoviruses on a variety of surfaces .
these were the lake victoria marburgvirus -lrb- marv -rrb- , and zaire ebolavirus -lrb- zebov -rrb- .
each was placed into guinea pig tissue samples and tested for their ability to survive in different liquids and on different surfaces at different temperatures , over a 50-day period .
when stored at 4 째 -lrb- 39 째f -rrb- , by day 26 , viruses from three of the samples were successfully extracted ; zebov on the glass sample , and marv on both glass and