by .
simon tomlinson .
in what was one of the closest presidential races in american history , it was a public relations gamble that may well have tipped the balance - had it ever been shown .
but this video for gerald ford 's 1976 election campaign against jimmy carter was shelved because it was deemed to shocking to air to a country still fragile from jfk 's assassination , vietnam and the watergate scandal .
in the five-minute clip , ford , who survived two assassination attempts himself , is seen giving a speech when a cherry bomb goes off .
believing it was a gun shot , he flinches - but then calmly continues with barely a quiver in his voice .
scroll down for video .
all smiles : the u.s. president gerald ford seen before giving a speech at the university of michigan in a clip from a campaign video for the 1976 election which was shelved because his aides felt it was too insensitive .
fear factor : ford , who survived two assassination attempts during his tenure , flinches during the speech after a cherry bomb goes - but calmly continues when he realises it is not a gun shot .
the video then cuts to him parading through dallas in an open-top car in very similar fashion to jfk when he was shot dead in the same city 13 years before .
at that point , a narrator says : ` neither the cherry bombs of a misguided prankster nor all the memories of recent years can keep people and their president apart .
` when a limousine can parade openly through the streets of dallas , there 's a change that 's come over america .
' ford 's media team hoped it would .
emphasise that the incumbent had indeed healed an embattled country in .
the two years since taking office .
'em otionally powerful ' : the video then cuts to a scene showing ford riding in an open-top car through dallas , just as jfk had done when he was shot dead in the city 13 years previously .
motorcade : president john f kennedy and texas governor john connally ride through dallas moments before kennedy was assassinated .
but when it was shown to a focus group , it became apparent that it had gone too