as temperatures rise across the u.s. and send people scurrying indoors to their air-conditioned homes , one man is doing things a little differently .
stan cox of salina , kansas , where it is currently a boiling 109f , does not use air-conditioning even though he has got it in his home .
mr cox , 54 , says he saves money and the environment by keeping the air-conditioning switched off - and he rarely breaks into a sweat .
cool : stan cox of salina , kansas , where it is currently 109f , does not use air-conditioning at the home he shares with his wife even though they 've got it .
mr cox and his wife , priti , use tricks in their home taught to them by older generations that help them to avoid overheating , reported abc news .
mr cox grew up without air-conditioning in georgia and claims people have lost the social interaction on summer evenings they had in the past .
` you 'd see kids playing up and down the streets , people visiting one another on their front porches , ' he told abc news .
` now the only sounds you hear are compressors running .
neighbourhoods look like they 've been evacuated .
' more than 140 million americans across 32 states are currently under heat advisories as the u.s. experiences a widespread heatwave .
but agricultural scientist and author mr cox claims that by turning on your air-conditioning you 're actually making things worse .
not in my house : mr cox claims home air conditioning accounts for 60 per cent of electricity use in the south and he saves around $ 150 per month by not using it .
` the headline irony here is that the hotter it gets in summer , the more we 're using our a/c , ' he told abc news .
` the more we 're doing that , the greater the emissions from power plants and probability we 'll have even more intense heat waves in the future .
' he has already put forward this view in a piece for the washington post last july , which resulted in a postbag of hate mail and even death threats .
mr cox claims home air conditioning accounts for 60 per cent of electricity use in the south and