by .
ted thornhill .
published : .
07:06 est , 9 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
09:08 est , 9 january 2014 .
now that recreational pot-smoking has been legalized in colorado , a sushi restaurant there has decided to pair marijuana with meals in the same way that more traditional establishments will match food to wine .
the suggestions appear on a menu that will be used for an advertising campaign for the hapa sushi chain , which has four outlets in colorado .
it suggests that pakistani kush should be enjoyed with pakalolo shrimp and that purple rain is perhaps best suited to poke don .
for customers with the munchies : hapa sushi has produced a menu for an ad campaign that pairs marijuana with the food .
lovers of honey miso salmon , it proposes , might like to inhale some sour og in between mouthfuls.katsu curry , meanwhile , goes with blue dream .
the menu was dreamt up with the help of advertising agency tda boulder .
colorado and washington are the first two states with legalized recreational marijuana , and illinois , massachusetts , nevada and oregon will allow medical cannabis shops to open in 2014 .
washington 's recreational weed will go on sale later this year .
marijuana and cannabis-infused products are displayed for sale at a marijuana dispensary in denver , colorado .
pot promises to be such big business that advocates are planning voter initiatives for legalizing recreational use in several other states by 2016 .
as colorado comes close to the end of its first week of legally selling recreational marijuana stores under revolutionary new state laws , official sales figures and profit margins have started rolling in .
` adult use ' pot is projected to be a $ 208 million industry in colorado this year - on top of the $ 250 million projected to be spent on medical marijuana , betty aldworth , deputy director of the national cannabis industry association , told cnn .
one business alone , the lodo wellness center in denver , which is described as a ` boutique ' marijuana store that is cash-only , recorded $ 10,000 in sales in the first few hours of wednesday .