some nations are developing swarms of small drones for combat , spying on warzones as well as dropping payloads .
but russia has reportedly set its sights on a supersonic behemoth , which could strike terror into the hearts of any enemies in the future .
called the pak ta , the conceptual aircraft is designed to carry troops and tanks at supersonic speeds and could take to the skies as early as 2024 .
but some commentators say it 's unlikely that the plans will get off the ground .
scroll down for video .
a conceptual aircraft called pak ta -lrb- illustrated by alexey komarov , customer and technical manager at volga-dnepr group -rrb- could be used to deploy russian troops anywhere in the world in just seven hours .
the concept comes from the country 's military-industrial commission , rt reported , and the design , drawn by a technical manager at volga-dnepr group , shows a futuristic , plane with a cavernous fuselage complete with a large opening and jagged wings .
the plane is an unusual shape because it is intended to carry up to eight armata tanks - which have yet to be built -- complete with ammunition to anywhere in the world at supersonic speeds .
it would fly at speeds of over 1,200 mph -lrb- 2,000 km/h -rrb- despite carrying a payload of up to 200 tonnes -lrb- 200,000 kg -rrb- with a range of more than 4,350 miles -lrb- 7,000 km -rrb- .
the plane is an unusual shape because it is intended to carry up to eight armata tanks - which have yet to be built -- complete with ammunition to ` anywhere in the world ' at supersonic speeds .
this illustration shows a cavernous opening at the back of the aircraft .
the programme envisages that 80 of these new aircraft -lrb- illustrated -rrb- would be built by 2024 , enabling russia to be able to drop a ready-made army wherever it may be needed in under seven hours .
conceptual : the pak ta aircraft is only a concept .
purpose : the aircraft is designed to carry troops and tanks at supersonic speeds , so that a small army could be deployed anywhere in the world in just seven hours .
speed : the plane would fly at supersonic speeds of over 1,200 mph -lrb- 2,000