by .
jessica jerreat .
charged : convicted sex offender kathy perkins has been accused of kidnapping her stepchildren .
a washington state sex offender has been accused of kidnapping her step-children and trying to disguise them as she started a new life with her boyfriend .
kathy kay perkins , who is on the sex offenders ' register , was charged earlier this month with kidnap , after a school contacted police with concerns about some new students .
perkins allegedly dyed the hair of ex-husband 's children and tried to enroll them at an elementary school using new names .
a counselor at hazelwood elementary school contacted police in auburn last october , after becoming suspicious of perkins .
the 42-year-old is accused of taking the young girls from their oregon home in march or april last year .
she took them to california , where she told a court she was their mother and that she was filing a restraining order against the children 's father , according to court papers seen by seattle pi .
her stepdaughters were enrolled at a school in california under fake names , but perkins is accused of fleeing with them again when police started to investigate .
during the time the children were away from their father , perkins was using the surname of the new man she was dating .
she is accused of trying to convince the children that she was their real mother , and their father was not biologically related to them .
raise the alarm : hazelwood elementary school staff contacted police after perkins enrolled the girls under a fake name .
` the girls would later disclose in an .
interview that kathy had told them multiple times that she was their .
true mother and -lsb- their father -rsb- was not their real dad , ' a detective .
said in charging papers .
perkins , who had been ordered to sign the sex offenders ' register over an indecent liberties charge from 2004 , used several aliases , including the surnames brown , hall , fox , woods , and johnson , as well as the name rios hall .
she was already wanted for failing to register as a sex offender and now faces two counts of custodial interference .