by .
andy dolan .
published : .
05:07 est , 25 july 2012 .
| .
updated : .
05:48 est , 26 july 2012 .
` targeted ' : haresh sood , 35 , says racist notes were left for him shortly before he was axed from his post .
a model turned teacher is suing a catholic school for more than # 100,000 after claiming he was subjected to a torrent of racist abuse from pupils and staff .
the languages teacher says a scribbled drawing of his face captioned ` farewell bollywog !
' was left for him in his staff pigeonhole shortly before he was axed from his post .
haresh sood , who was once named one of britain 's most eligible bachelors , said he was left another note which read ` good riddance turbanator !
' .
the 35-year-old , who is british born but of indian origin , also says his school register was torn and national flag removed from his classroom and dirtied .
he alleges that some pupils at nottingham 's christ the king school called him a number of offensive racist names as well as ` vindaloo ' and ` chicken curry ' .
mr sood , who at the time was wearing his hair in a distinctive afro-like style , says a colleague at the catholic secondary school told him to shave an indian flag into his hair and called him a ` t *** ' .
in paperwork lodged with an employment tribunal , mr sood claims school chiefs called a staff meeting and demanded the ` gutless wonder ' responsible own up .
when no one came forward , they compared handwriting samples from all staff and called in police , but the culprit was never caught .
mr sood , from nottingham , says he was made redundant from his # 22,000-a-year post in august 2008 after complaining about the harassment .
he is suing the 700-pupil school for race discrimination , harassment , unfair dismissal and victimisation .
he is seeking more than # 100,000 in compensation for lost earnings , aggravated damages and injury to feelings .
` harassment ' : mr sood says a colleague at catholic secondary school christ the king , pictured , told him to shave an indian flag into his hair .
in 2003 he was featured