by .
sarah griffiths .
children are becoming increasingly anxious due to too much time in front of tv and computer screens , according to a government briefing paper .
inactive lifestyles are also to blame for the negative impact on children 's wellbeing , said the document from public health england .
it said higher levels of tv viewing are having a negative effect on children 's wellbeing , including lower self-worth , lower self-esteem and lower levels of self-reported happiness .
children are becoming increasingly anxious due to too much time in front of tv and computer screens , according to a government briefing paper .
inactive lifestyles are also to blame for the negative impact on children 's wellbeing , said the document from public health england .
children who spend more time on computers , watching tv and playing video games also tend to experience higher levels of emotional distress , anxiety and depression , it said .
last week , a study found half of all seven-year-olds do not get enough exercise - and girls are far less active than boys .
only 51 per cent of all seven-year-olds in the uk achieve the recommended hour of exercise every day , with the figure being just 38 per cent in girls compared with 63 per cent in boys .
half of this age group is also sedentary for an average of 6.4 hours or more every day , experts found .
only 51 per cent of all seven-year-olds in the uk achieve the recommended hour of exercise every day , with the figure being just 38 per cent in girls compared with 63 per cent in boys .
half of this age group is also sedentary for an average of 6.4 hours or more every day , experts found .
the research , published in the online .
journal bmj open , found that children of indian origin and those living .
in northern ireland are among the least physically active of all .
seven-year-olds .
the briefing paper was released to back a public health england campaign urging parents to rethink their children 's eating and exercise habits ahead of the new school term .
the smart restart campaign includes tips to reduce time in front of tv , encourage walking to school and for pupils to have a healthy lunch .
professor kevin