they might have made it safely to the ground , but 52 skydivers are still jumping ... for joy .
a big congratulations is in order since they 've become world record holders after mastering an advanced flight formation above phoenix , arizona .
in the footage , shot through one participant 's helmet-mounted camera , the daredevils are initially seen huddled together while fist-pumping in excitement as they prepare to take the plunge .
triumph !
a group of international skydivers have managed to break a world record in phoenix .
sun set : one participant videoed the incredible moment that the group formed a challenging 52-person formation in the upright position .
the challenge , which took place on 22 november 2014 , involved around 60 skydivers occupying three separate planes .
their nationalities range from british to american , russian , australian , canadian , mexican and german .
as they pour out of their aircraft , one after the other and glide through the sky , 52 of them manage to grab each other 's hands .
together , they form a remarkable upright display .
just plane crazy !
around 60 people piled in to three jets to take part in the dive .
persistant : the 52 people who succeeded in connecting together broke a world record that 44 group members set just the day before .
keeping it up !
those 44 skydivers were keen to go even bigger , which is exactly what they did .
the man donning the recorder , zachary r sabel from rochelle , illinois , explains that ` head up body flight is the most difficult position to balance while being able to build formations .
` in head up flying , we are balancing mass over lift , so you are battling aerodynamics the entire time .
' he adds : ` it 's kind of like riding a wheelie on a bike , you always want to tip over , or never get the wheel off the ground .
` the vibe at this event was purely amazing .
it was such an honour to fly with this group of athletes .
' the skydivers broke the record twice over the course of 48 hours , initially performing the position with 44 people and then deciding to go even bigger with 52 .
daredevil :