by .
michael zennie .
published : .
22:26 est , 2 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
22:33 est , 2 october 2013 .
just two percent of counties across the country are responsible for more than half of all death row cases and executions , a death penalty research group has revealed .
the death penalty information center argues that the death penalty has never been a nationwide policy - nor even a statewide policy .
instead , it 's the province of a few counties , usually because of prosecutors there who aggressively pursue the death penalty .
the southern u.s. is responsible for an overwhelming portion of death penalty cases since 1976 .
even in the south , most cases come from just a few counties .
disproportionate : counties like harris county , texas , and los angeles county , california , file the overwhelming number of death penalty cases .
` the disparate and highly clustered use of the death penalty raises serious questions of unequal and arbitrary application of the law , ' the group writes in its reports .
` it also forces the jurisdictions that have resisted the death penalty for decades to pay for a costly legal process that is often marred with injustice .
' the death penalty information center officially has no stance on the death penalty , though critics say the reports the group produces exclusively argue against death penalty laws .
its study found that since the death penalty was re-instated in the u.s. in 1976 , just 2percent of counties are responsible for 52 percent of execution and 56 percent of all inmates on death row .
additionally , 85 percent of counties in the u.s. have not had an execution since 1976 .
harris county , texas , - home of houston - and dallas county , texas , - home of dallas - are the leading two counties in the country for executions since 1976 .
the figures are skewed , however , because only 32 states currently have the death penalty .
in the last decade , six large states - including new york , illinois and new jersey - abolished the death penalty .
the report singles out maricopa county , arizona - home to phoenix and sheriff joe arpaio , ` america 's toughest sheriff .
' maricopa