a band of parents have formed a vigilante group to snare suspected paedophiles .
their tactics have led to six arrests -- but police forces have reacted with anger , warning that they could be compromising existing investigations .
the parents have set up dozens of profiles on dating and social networking websites , pretending to be girls aged 12 to 15 .
scroll down for video .
confrontation : members of letzgo hunting filming an encounter with an alleged would-be paedophile .
making a break : the suspect appears to start running once the group leader confronts him .
using these , the group , who call themselves letzgo hunting , exchange .
messages with suspected paedophiles , sometimes for weeks , before luring .
them into meetings in parks or other public areas .
the parents , some of whom are trained in the martial arts of jujitsu and .
karate , film the resulting confrontations , in which they demand an .
explanation from the men and warn them to expect to be arrested .
they then upload the footage on to their website and facebook page .
their most recent video , created on sunday , shows a suspect flee as a .
vigilante gives chase in a park on the outskirts of leicester .
chase : when the man ran away , a vigilante ran after at him berating him for his alleged crimes .
surveillance : the group uses a hidden camera to film all its encounters with targets .
vigilantes : the facebook homepage of ` letzgo hunting ' , a group of parents exposing alleged paedophiles .
social media : the group posts videos of its sting operations on sites such as facebook and twitter , pictured .
the clip was viewed 4,000 times within two hours yesterday .
the group 's .
twitter account was also inundated with messages of support from members .
of the public as word of their activities spread .
the group -- three men and a woman assisted by 13 ` helpers ' -- admit to .
being vigilantes but say they are not a lynch mob and never threaten .
violence .
but leicestershire police warned that such ` naming and shaming ' tactics .
threatened ` chances of success in court ' , potentially blocking justice .
child welfare charity the nspcc also urged