london is the most desirable place to work in the world , beating new york and paris , a poll found .
one in six people say they want to work in english capital , while britain as a whole is the world 's second favourite place to work , just behind the us .
canada was the third most popular destination in a study carried out for .
but while two out of three foreigners would go abroad to work , just over two fifths of brits said they would consider upping sticks and doing the same .
the survey , which sought the views of more than 200,000 people around the world , found the the dutch and the french were the most likely of all europeans to work abroad .
london is the most desirable place to work in the world , beating new york and paris , according to a new poll .
for those brits that would work overseas , the preferred countries were the u.s. , canada , germany , australia and france .
meanwhile , the uk was the top destination for people from portugal , israel , barbados , romania and jamaica .
escaping political instability or poverty at home was the driving force for people wanting to migrate , while those in developed countries were more likely to migrate to gain more work experience .
globally , jobseekers said being recognised for their work was their number one priority , while brits sought ` good relationships with colleagues ' and a ` good work-life balance ' as the most important factors .
new york was the second most desirable city to work in in the world , the boston consulting group found .
1 -rrb- london .
2 -rrb- new york .
3 -rrb- paris .
4 -rrb- sydney .
5 -rrb- madrid .
6 -rrb- berlin .
7 -rrb- barcelona .
8 -rrb- toronto .
9 -rrb- singapore .
10 -rrb- rome .
nearly three quarters of people who work in engineering and technical jobs would move abroad but those in tightly regulated fields are the least mobile , with half of people in social care and in health and medicine saying they would consider making a move .
the poll of more than 200,000 people from 189 countries was carried out by management consultancy firm the boston consulting group