by .
tara brady .
published : .
11:12 est , 27 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:59 est , 30 august 2013 .
oil chiefs told offshore workers to put on their ` big-boy pants ' or quit if they could n't deal with the risk of helicopter crashes - just weeks before the shetland chopper disaster last week which killed four .
bosses at total oil company told stunned crew not to complain about the prospect of crashing at sea during risky flights on the same oil rig that the doomed helicopter left last friday .
the talk , which took place on august 8 , involved helicopter company chc 's chief pilot will hanekom , and total head of logistics christophe barbier , according to the press and journal in north east scotland .
investigation : the wreckage of the super puma l2 helicopter which went down in the north sea with the loss of four lives around two miles west of sumburgh airport on shetland .
it was meant to reassure workers concerned about the safety of super puma choppers .
but in a leaked audio recording from the meeting on the borgsten dolphin rig one worker asked what total would do if they refused to board a chopper because they feared for their life .
one boss replied : ` if you ca n't live with that risk then you ca n't work offshore .
' a chc pilot added : ' i have to say how else are we going to get there ?
it is what we do .
response : the wreckage floats on the surface as the operation to recover the helicopter and the last of the four bodies was completed today .
loss of power : the helicopter was being operated by chc for oil company total and was transporting workers from the borgsten dolphin platform .
difficult task : rnli volunteers and coastguard workers inspecting the wreckage of the super puma l2 helicopter which went down in the north sea with the loss of four lives .
` at some point we have to put our big-boy pants on and say either `` we believe '' , either what i am telling you is the truth and i 'm willing to sit in the front and risk my family and everything that i have got .