lil fatty , baby hobbit and happy meal are just a few of the bizarre and outrageous nicknames pregnant moms across the country have given to their unborn babies .
ovia , a pregnancy tracking app developed by harvard scientists , quizzed more than two million of its users about their future children 's quirky monikers in order to discover the most bizarre baby nicknames from all 50 states .
` baby nicknames are so special because they 're one of the first emotional connections a mother has with her unborn baby , ' ovia 's director of design ingrid pierre told people .
unique monikers : ovia , a pregnancy tracking app , found and listed the strangest baby nicknames in all 50 states on this map .
she added : ` creating pet names is a very human thing to do .
it introduces intimacy into your language with your new child .
' while the app 's top three chosen nicknames were peanut , bean and baby , ovia 's default option , other parents-to-be , who were asked to come up with their perfect nickname upon signing up to the app , wanted to be as original as possible .
pig products proved to be popular with a number of parents from nevada , a couple of whom dubbed their babies pork bun and pepperoni .
some mothers from the lone star state were filled hometown pride when they chose the names texas and lone ranger for their unborn children , while expecting parents in massachusetts opted for ferocious fighting monikers such as little champion and lil a ** kicker .
and when it comes to picking nicknames for their future children , there were notable regional differences .
southern states favored confectionery inspired names , including king cake bebe and sugarbutt .
special research : ovia asked more than two million of its users to give their unborn babies a nickname when signing up for the app , which tracks pregnancies .
meanwhile , animals and insects were popular on the west coast as parents from those states chose tiniest bear , little ladybug and lil bird for their babies ' nicknames .
and nebraskans were inspired by music .
little drummer and future rockstar were the unique nicknames chosen by some moms in the midwestern state .
in response to ovia 's findings ,