julian assange fears he is being bugged at the ecuadorian embassy in london .
lawyers claim the wikileaks founder , who has been holed up in the embassy for the past two years to avoid extradition to sweden , ` is most likely under auditory surveillance ' .
last year a covert listening device was found behind a plug socket in the ambassador 's office , but security experts described it as rudimentary and unlikely to have been the work of police or the security services .
scroll down for video .
listening device : julian assange pictured inside the ecuadorian embassy in london .
mr assange 's new eavesdropping claim was included in a court submission last week in which his lawyers argue his confinement is a ` deprivation of liberty ' under european law .
among other reasons , they cite his cramped living conditions which mean he ` can not carry out his professional duties in a normal fashion ' .
the 43-year-old has lived at the embassy since ecuador gave him asylum in 2012 .
the government wants to extradite him to sweden under a european arrest warrant where he faces questioning over allegations of sexual molestation and rape involving two women he met during a visit to the country in 2010 .
no charges have been brought because he has not been interrogated by police regarding allegations by the second of the two women .
mr assange says if he is sent to sweden he will be extradited to the us , where he could face 35 years in prison for publishing on wikileaks classified documents related to us activities in iraq and afghanistan .
assange has been living in the ecuadorian embassy , above , in london since 2012 , when the uk decided to extradite him to sweden where he is wanted on charges of sexual assault .
police officers stationed outside the embassy round the clock -- in an operation that has so far cost # 7 million -- are under orders to arrest him if he tries to leave .
in the submission to the swedish court of appeal on friday , his lawyers ask that text messages -- which they believe suggest there was no basis for his arrest -- be handed to the defence .
they were sent by one of his accusers and assange claims they show that