by .
jason groves , chief political correspondent .
david cameron will leave his political woes behind over easter by flying off for a break in the sun .
the prime minister , who spoke on wednesday of his ` difficult week ' , will head off to lanzarote for a holiday with his family .
the revelation came just hours after he told listeners on bbc radio norfolk that he would be spending easter with his wife samantha 's family -- with no mention of plans to spend a week in the canary islands .
the camerons , on a trip to ibiza last year , are off to lanzarote for an easter break this year .
asked about his intentions for the break , he said : ` i am going to be spending time with my mother-in-law .
' he added : ` i think i am spending easter day with samantha 's family .
' downing street refused to comment on security grounds .
aides are also sensitive about publicity surrounding theprime minister 's frequent foreign holidays at a time of continuing austerity at home .
but spanish media quoted police sources on lanzarote as saying security measures were being put in place for his expected arrival on the island on saturday , along with samantha and their children nancy , arthur and florence .
local sources reported the family will be staying in an upmarket hotel in a rural setting , a few miles from the coast .
mr cameron took his brood on several holidays last year , including one to ibiza in may and to the algarve , portugal , in july .
the crowded beach at playa blanca beach in lanzarote , the island where david cameron will be spending his easter holiday .
director of the island 's tourist board hector fernandez described the prime minister 's choice as an ` important pat on the back ' for lanzarote 's reputation , as it shakes off the nickname ` lanzagrotty ' it acquired during the early days of package holidays .
on their return , the camerons are expected to travel to the oxfordshire manor house owned by samantha 's mother annabel and her husband viscount astor , a former tory minister .
around 1.6 million tourists visit lanzarote each year -- the majority -lrb- around 800,000 -rrb- from the uk