by .
associated press .
published : .
09:42 est , 10 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
14:42 est , 10 january 2014 .
target says that personal information - including phone numbers , email and mailing addresses - was stolen from as many as 70 million customers in its pre-christmas data breach , substantially more than the 40 million that the chain had previously said were affected .
the chain also cut its fourth-quarter adjusted earnings forecast and outlook for a key sales barometer .
target had announced in december that about 40 million credit and debit cards may have been affected by a data breach that happened between november 27 and december 15 - just as the holiday shopping season was getting into gear .
scroll down for video .
a target investigation into the security breach which took place over the busy holiday period showed that the stolen information included names , mailing addresses , phone numbers and email addresses .
the retailer said on friday that the personal information stolen is not a new breach , but was discovered during its ongoing investigation .
target 's shares were down 1.5 percent at $ 62.40 before the bell on friday .
the company also cut its fourth-quarter adjusted earnings per share forecast for its u.s. operations to $ 1.20 to $ 1.30 , from $ 1.50 to $ 1.60 .
target said an ongoing forensic investigation showed that certain customer information in addition to payment card data was stolen during the data breach .
the investigation showed that the stolen information included names , mailing addresses , phone numbers and email addresses .
' i know that it is frustrating for our guests to learn that this information was taken and we are truly sorry they are having to endure this , ' chief executive gregg steinhafel said in a statement .
the minneapolis-based company also forecast a 2.5 percent decline in fourth-quarter same-store sales .
it had previously sales to remain flat .
the retailer said on friday that the personal information stolen is not a new breach , but was discovered during its ongoing investigation .