by .
rebecca english .
published : .
17:59 est , 18 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
01:35 est , 19 august 2013 .
the year is 1928 and a young girl poses for her father 's camera from the comfort of her wicker pram ... with a smile that is strangely familiar .
and if you ca n't quite put a name to the face , the horse and carriage toy by the side of her pushchair offers a further clue .
the two-year-old with the curly locks is our future queen in an intimate portrait never before released for public viewing .
royal carriage : queen elizabeth ii , when she was aged two , holds on tight to the rope of her toy horse in a photograph taken by her father , then duke of york .
the young princess elizabeth was introduced to horseriding in the royal mews at buckingham palace at the age of three , and was able to ride on her own by the time she was six .
the photographs , from a delightful collection of previously unseen or rarely seen pictures , are testament to her early start as a horsewoman .
the images will be published in a new royal collection book celebrating the arrival of the latest addition to her family , her great-grandson prince george .
starting with queen victoria and ending with the new baby , the book features seven generations of kings and queens in the making .
the photos are from the royal archive and private collections of members of the royal family .
horsewoman from the start : elizabeth in 1930 , posing with her father on her shetland pony , peggy , a fourth birthday present from her grandfather george v .
in the saddle : elizabeth playing with a toy horse with her mother , then duchess of york , in front of naseby hall in 1928 .
among them are several of the young .
princess elizabeth , now a great-grandmother for the third time .
taken by .
her parents the duke and duchess of york -- the future king george vi .
and queen elizabeth -- the shots show elizabeth up until the age of four .
in her pram , on a rocking horse and learning how to ride , they reveal a touching portrait