by .
paul harris .
created 3:15 pm on 14th september 2011 .
a un adviser today compared the eviction of residents at europe 's largest illegal travellers ' site to the plight of millions in zimbabwe as he accused a council of ` violating international law ' .
in an extraordinary visit to dale farm , in essex , professor yves cabannes claimed basildon council had broken human rights legislation in three ways .
speaking outside one of the traveller 's homes , with the un flag hoisted behind him , the un adviser for forced evictions also drew parallels with china and nigeria - both notorious for human rights abuses .
` human rights violation ' : un adviser yves cabannes , front , held a press conference at dale farm travellers ' site .
he .
also said that it was the council , not the dale farm residents , who .
were ` abusing the law ' , despite the presence of 400 people on illegal .
plots at the site .
those .
living at the site illegally are due to be evicted from monday , but .
despite claims this will leave them homeless it was revealed today that .
one of the dale farm travellers is masterminding a multi-million-pound .
property development in ireland .
professor cabannes said : ' a study which i led on forced eviction found that at dale farm , and the uk in general , the government is violating international human rights law on three points .
` these are the right to adequate housing , the right to be defended from forced eviction and discrimination .
' prof cabannes argued that basildon council had failed to provide the pitches it should make available to travellers .
outburst : prof chabannes , speaking in front of the un flag , compared the eviction to human-rights abuses in zimbabwe , china and nigeria .
conference : residents and press watch the un adviser 's controversial speech .
he added : ` the people who are abusing the law are the council , not the travellers .
the council is not fulfilling its duties .
` there are many dale farms which face these issues every day and there needs to be a co-ordinated approach across the country .
` we .
are used to see millions of people losing