lovelorn prince harry toured elvis presley 's graceland to the sound of heartbreak hotel as it emerged he has shunned his hard-partying friends in a bid to win back cressida bonas .
a sombre harry , 29 , refused to join in late-night high-jinks to celebrate the wedding of close pal guy pelly in memphis this weekend .
while others in the 150-strong party stayed up until 3am at memphis 's five-star peabody hotel -- at one point racing through the lobby slapping each other 's bottoms while clutching overflowing champagne glasses -- an absent harry remained resolutely out of public view .
a sombre looking prince harry as he toured graceland on friday leading up to the wedding of close friend guy pelly .
cressida looking upset and casual as she walks through west london on friday .
harry and william flew to america to be ushers at yesterday 's wedding of guy pelly to memphis ` society queen ' lizzy wilson .
princesses beatrice and eugenie were also guests .
the prince seemed ` down in the dumps ' as he toured elvis 's mansion on friday , according to a guide who added : ` he seemed quiet , a bit sad .
' later on friday night the two princes attended a formal wedding rehearsal dinner , but while many in the group continued the party back at their hotel , harry was a no-show .
about 20 guests piled back to the bar around midnight and downed champagne cocktails and shots .
at one point they raced through the lobby before posing for ` selfies ' .
harry and william flew to america to be ushers at yesterday 's wedding of guy pelly to memphis ` society queen ' lizzy wilson .
princesses beatrice and eugenie were also guests .
one reveller wore a flashing lit-up hat .
the festivities continued until the bar closed at 3am but harry is thought to have retired hours earlier , much to the chagrin of some ` henry-ettas ' -lrb- as the prince 's american fans dub themselves -rrb- waiting outside .
one girl , called rachel , said she had flown from california as soon as she heard the prince was in memphis .
` i would follow him anywhere , ' she said , ` but this time he has hardly been around .
' and