the radical orion spacecraft , designed to carry astronauts into deep space , has been given to go-ahead to launch for the first time on thursday .
the launch has been overshadowed by two space disasters - the antares rocket explosion and the tragic failure of virgin galactic 's spaceship two .
however , nasa hopes the launch could reinvigorate the space programme .
scroll down for video .
ready to go !
engineers are now preparing orion to launch on top of 180ft tall -lrb- 55 metres -rrb- united launch alliance delta 4 heavy rockets in an unmanned test flight on december 4th .
weather conditions remain good for thursday 's orion test flight , forecasters say .
the latest predictions show there is a 60 percent chance of favorable weather for the 7:05 a.m. launch aboard a united launch alliance delta iv heavy rocket at cape canaveral air force station .
there is a 40 percent chance of violating the flight through precipitation and liftoff wind rules .
engineers are now preparing orion to launch atop 180ft tall -lrb- 55 metres -rrb- united launch alliance delta 4 heavy rockets in an unmanned test flight on december 4th .
nasa and lockheed martin completed the flight readiness review -lrb- frr -rrb- for orion 's upcoming flight test dec. 4 , giving a ` go ' to proceed .
the frr is a rigorous assessment of the spacecraft , its systems , mission operations and support functions needed to successfully complete orion 's first voyage to space .
the spacecraft is hoped to take astronauts to explore an asteroid and eventually make the 34 million mile -lrb- 55 million km -rrb- journey to mars .
nasa 's quest to send astronauts out into the solar system begins this week with a two-laps-around-earth test flight .
the new orion spacecraft is not going to mars just yet ; thursday 's debut will be unmanned and last just 4 1/2 hours .
but it will be the farthest a built-for-humans capsule has flown since the apollo moon missions , shooting 3,600 miles out into space in order to gain enough momentum to re-enter the atmosphere at a scorching 20,000 mph .
the dry run , if all goes well , will end with a pacific splashdown off mexico 's baja coast .
navy ships will recover the capsule , a la apollo ,