cristiano ronaldo scored the 300th goal of his real madrid career to become the third player in the club 's history to reach the landmark alongside alfredo di stefano and raul .
the portugal forward netted against rayo vallecano in the 68th minute to move madrid within four points of their great rivals barcelona , letting out his frustration following an unfair booking for a dive which could see the three-time ballon d'or winner suspended for saturday 's la liga game with eibar .
yet ronaldo joined the 300 club in just 288 appearances by doing what all forwards should , sending a header downwards and beating goalkeeper cristian alvarez , before celebrating with gareth bale and his team-mates .
cristiano ronaldo scored the 300th goal of his real madrid career to see off rayo vallecano and remain four points behind barcelona .
ronaldo joined the 300 club in just 288 appearances with this header against rayo vallecano on wednesday night .
ronaldo turns to his trademark celebration after scoring the 300th goal of his real madrid career .
the portugal forward netted in the 68th minute to move madrid within four points of their great rivals .
ronaldo celebrates with real madrid team-mate gareth bale after opening the scoring for the spanish club .
ronaldo is swamped by his real madrid team-mates after scoring the opening goal of the night .
rayo vallecano : cristian , tito , amaya , zé castro , nacho , fatau , trashorras , embarba , kakuta , bueno , manucho .
subs : cobeno , miku , insua , ba , aquino , ruiz jozabed , lica .
goals : none .
booked : tito , nacho , cobeno , amaya .
real madrid : casillas ; carvajal , varane , ramos , marcelo ; kroos , modric , james ; cristiano , benzema , bale .
subs : navas , coentrao , hernandez , nacho , jese , isco , illarramendi .
goals : ronaldo -lrb- 68 -rrb- , rodriguez -lrb- 73 -rrb- .
booked : rodriguez , ronaldo , kroos , bale , carvajal .
not only that , the former manchester united great has scored 99 goals under manager carlo ancelotti in just 89 games , following his five against granada three days ago .
his latest puts the 30-year-old just seven goals behind di stefano 's record of 307