it may only be october but on london 's oxford street christmas is in full swing and nowhere quite does it like selfridges .
the world famous department store unveiled its legendary christmas windows this morning showcasing over a year 's worth of hard work , creativity and festive thinking .
and for 2014 for the first time ever , selfridges gave a lucky few members of the press an exclusive glimpse into the making of oxford street 's most spectacular windows .
femail headed down last night to discover the method behind the magic .
a work of art : a little red riding hood themed window sees a mannequin dressed in a custom made peter pilotto cape and 10,000 laser cut leaves .
for the past eight days the department store has been looking rather naked as the the in-house team completed final preparations on the much anticipated displays with the store front hidden behind vinyl stickers .
last night saw the vinyl come down and the lights come up to a small but excited audience .
the theme for this year 's christmas displays evolved from the notion of storytelling .
the idea is spread right across the store with book motifs appearing on escalators , counters and hanging from the ceiling .
the window displays themselves take inspiration from traditional fairy tales but , with selfridges famed for their contemporary touch , each story depicted a modern twist .
web of dreams : the golden web hosts dozens of metallic products produced exclusively for the store .
modern fairy tale : this contemporary take on rapunzel sees mannequins dressed in rodarte star wars print dresses .
not so ugly duckling : the central model wears a feather style dress from af vandevorst .
right from the first unveiling of the 23 windows it was clear that these were not your average bedtime stories .
a neon pink mannequin dressed in a custom made peter pilotto cape stands before you surrounded by woodland animals adorned with an exclusive selection of erickson beamon jewellery .
at first glance little red riding hood may not spring to mind but whether you recognise it or not the story has you captivated .
the mannequin stands in front of a hand sculpted tree decorated with laser cut leaves in pinks and golds , the creative team later revealed that there were