by .
gerri peev , political correspondent .
published : .
19:12 est , 5 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:12 est , 5 september 2013 .
each child needs a bedroom to themselves to fulfil their academic potential , the education secretary has said .
michael gove said having a ` room of one 's own ' provided space to learn and read .
but he was immediately accused of hypocrisy as critics pointed out that new government rules decree a child aged under 16 in a home receiving housing benefit has to share a room with a sibling of the same gender .
michael gove said having a ` room of one 's own ' provided space to learn and read .
the so-called ` bedroom tax ' also means that brothers and sisters will have to share rooms until the age of ten .
mr gove said more children will be able to enjoy having their own bedroom in future because of the government 's planning reforms , which aim to encourage the building of larger properties .
developers have been urged to end the proliferation of ` rabbit hutch ' estates and develop family-sized homes .
the education secretary told an audience at the policy exchange think-tank : ` my colleague , -lsb- planning minister -rsb- nicholas boles , is making changes to the planning regime .
` these are changes which are social justice changes .
virginia woolf wrote about a room of one 's own and about the fact that throughout history women did not have a chance to fulfil their potential because they did not have a room of their own in which to write .
gove was accused of hypocrisy as the government 's so-called bedroom tax means children aged under 16 in a home receiving housing benefit has to share a room with a sibling of the same gender .
` there are schoolchildren who do not have rooms of their own in which to do their homework , in which to read , in which to achieve their full potential .
nick boles ' planning reforms will make it easier for more homes of a larger size to be built for children .
' mr gove lashed out at ` nimbys ' who tried to block the liberalisation of planning laws , adding : ` when people