the tories have opened up a clear lead over labour when voters are forced to choose between the two parties , a new poll shows .
some 41 per cent of voters would prefer a conservative government led by david cameron , while only 36 per cent favour ed miliband leading a labour administration .
with 101 days until the election , pollsters say ` many voters have lost faith in labour ' but they have not yet been convinced by the tories , with 42 per cent believing they are still the ` nasty party ' .
scroll down for video .
the tories have opened up a five-point lead over labour when voters are forced to choose between the two parties , but the gap is driven by falling enthusiasm for ed miliband taking power .
a ford capri - seen by voters as the car version of nigel farage .
nigel farage is seen by voters as a ford capri -- carrying a ` shiny exterior ' to cover a dodgy engine under the bonnet , new polling has revealed .
when asked to say which car the main party leaders would be voters named the retro car or a ` four-by-four with illegal bull bars on the front ' .
david cameron , meanwhile , is seen as ` something smooth ' like a mercedes or a range rover , according to focus groups quizzed by the tory peer lord ashcroft .
deputy prime minister nick clegg was seen as a smart car -- or a people carrier , carrying round everybody else 's baggage .
ed miliband was more difficult to pin down .
one voter said he was a ford focus -- because he was ` average ' , but changed their mind because the ` a ford focus is reliable ' .
mr cameron used a speech in southampton today to set out the ` moral and practical ' case for cutting taxes .
he hopes to contrast conservative policies on tax , welfare and growth with labour 's lack of trust on the economy .
but the prime minister has yet to persuade voters that he has their best interest at heart .
detailed polling shows more than two-thirds of voters think mr cameron ` does n't understand the lives of people like me ' , that the conservative party cares `