selfies , relentless facebook posts and an obsession with keeping up with the kardashians may make the younger generation appear self-involved and narcissistic , but research suggests they are much more generous than first thought .
a study of people born since 1982 found that the so-called ` generation y ' is increasingly socially aware , and willing to give to good causes .
more than two thirds of those questioned said they would give away up to 50 per cent of their revenue , if they had their own business .
the researchers from oxford said business school surveyed 2,000 professionals born since 1982 .
they found that 66 % of so-called generation y are willing to donate half their income to good causes , and many said they would donate to tackle poverty and unemployment .
stock image pictured .
scots are more likely to tip for services than anyone else in britain -- with those living in the north east named the most tight-fisted .
waiters , taxi drivers , hairdressers and others can rely on a bit extra from customers north of the border but may go empty handed in other areas of the country , a survey revealed .
only 13 per cent of scots say they never tip - the lowest proportion of any region and less than half the stingy 35 per cent of geordies who refuse to leave a gratuity .
the north east is the worst area for workers to get a bit extra from customers , said the survey of 2,000 adults by financial advice service thinkmoney .
and the two key areas of concern were tackling poverty and helping the environment .
the study was commissioned for the london launch of a global competition called the venture , which is giving away a million dollars to the best social enterprise start-ups .
the researchers surveyed 2,000 professionals aged between 18 and 32 .
it formed part of a wider report by oxford 's said business school , which found young entrepreneurs want to solve problems , mainly in their own communities .
many said they were frustrated by a lack of political solutions to problems like poverty , youth unemployment and the environment so wanted to do something about it themselves .
almost one in ten of the participants also said they have previously given up potentially lucrative professions