unlike most men going through a break-up , dean kremer did not go out and get drunk with his mates .
instead he started collecting replica star wars lightsabers .
now the darwin man is selling them off and the money will go towards buy a home with his new girlfriend .
mr kremer , 33 , is letting go of one yoda lightsaber , one darth maul , two darth vaders , two anakin skywalkers , one mace windu , one obi-wan kenobi and two luke skywalkers .
scroll down for video .
dean kremer -lrb- pictured with a luke skywalker lightsaber -rrb- , 33 , is looking to sell off his collection of 10 master replica lightsabers .
the lightsaber was made famous by the star wars saga , which starred mark hamill as luke skywalker -lrb- above -rrb- .
the darwin man started collecting the lightsabers after he broke up with his ex-girlfriend .
after being with his girlfriend maria for three years , mr kremer decided it was time to sell off the master replica lightsabers , which are no longer manufactured .
' -lsb- they -rsb- reminded me of the break-up with the ex-girlfriend .
i started collecting after the break-up , ' he told daily mail australia .
` the new girlfriend is very indifferent about it and we 're going to use the funds for something better .
` hopefully towards a house and something more constructive .
' the collection includes a darth vader one -lrb- left -rrb- and the purchase comes with a custom cabinet with fluorescent down lights .
he is selling all of them - including one yoda lightsaber , one darth maul , two darth vaders -lrb- one is pictured above -rrb- , two anakin skywalkers , one mace windu , one obi-wan kenobi and two luke skywalkers - for $ 3,000 .
the collection consists of one of these luke skywalker lightsabers and started collecting them because he was not much of a drinker .
mr kremer said he started collecting the lightsabers five years ago because he was not much of a drinker .
` i 'm just applying paperback psychology to this .
i wanted to remind myself of good childhood memories .
it was like a post break-up depression , i guess , ' he said .
` i 'm not much of a