men could soon be able to buy an anti-impotence drug over the counter .
pharmaceutical companies sanofi and eli lilly and co say they plan to ask health regulators for permission to sell cialis , the world 's top-selling anti-impotence drug , without a prescription .
the drug , which is also used to treat enlarged prostate glands , is currently only available by prescription .
the anti-impotence drug cialis could become available over the counter in the u.s. and europe .
under the terms of the agreement , sanofi is buying the exclusive rights to apply for approval of cialis tablets over the counter in the u.s. , europe , canada and australia .
it is not yet clear whether this could include the uk and when the drug could become available if approved .
it also remains to be seen whether regulators will allow cialis to be sold without a prescription , in view of possible side effects .
like rival anti-impotence drugs , such as pfizer inc 's viagra , cialis can cause a dangerous fall in blood pressure if taken with nitrates , a class of heart drugs that include nitroglycerin .
it is also inappropriate for use by people with severe heart disease .
viagra is not currently available over the counter but can be bought from some specialist pharmacies without a prescription .
it 's not clear when the drug could become available and if health regulators will allow it to be sold without a prescription as it is dangerous for people with heart disease and those on some medications -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
however , before it can be purchased , patients have to be asked a series of health questions by the pharmacist to ensure it is appropriate for them to take .
professor raj pesad , a urologist in bristol , told mailonline : ` if it happens , there needs to be a measure of safety but i think is entirely feasible for pharmacists to advise because cialsis is a very safe drug .
` it 's the sort of thing that does n't necessarily need to be restricted to doctors ' prescribing - but it needs to be given with care to people with heart disease or those taking some heart drugs .
` the local pharmacist will know what medications people are on from their local gps