by .
sarah griffiths .
published : .
11:13 est , 25 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:54 est , 25 september 2013 .
it would n't win a beauty contest , but a chinese scientist claims an ancient fish has the world 's first face and it challenges current thinking on the history of human evolution .
a newly-discovered fossil of entelognathus - greek for ` complete jaw ' - was dug up in yunnan in south west china and is the most primitive vertebrate to have a modern jaw .
the ancient creature was about eight inches long and swam in the prehistoric seas 419 million years ago .
it belonged to a group of early fish known as placoderms that had bony armour , or plates , on their heads and necks .
a newly-discovered fossil of entelognathus , an armoured fish that swam in the silurian seas -lrb- illustration -rrb- , was dug up in yunnan in south west china .
the 419-million-year-old fossil -lrb- inset -rrb- is prompting scientists to rethink how the living groups of jawed vertebrates acquired their characteristic features .
the superbly preserved specimen shows its jaw is much more like that of a modern bony fish - offering a new perspective on early evolution .
but the superbly preserved specimen shows its jaw is much more like that of a modern bony fish , offering a new perspective on early evolution .
the gap between jawed and jawless vertebrates is so large that it is hard to work out the individual steps in the transition .
this creature described in the journal nature brings scientists closer to understanding when modern jawed animals with backbones such as sharks and bony fish emerged from a collection of jawed , armoured placoderms .
jaws enabled vertebrates to become predators ; an important step in the development of complex forms such as humans .
entelognathus had jaw bone features previously restricted to bony fish called osteichthyans , as well as full body armour seen in placoderms .
professor min zhu , of the chinese academy of sciences , beijing , said : ` until now jaw bones have never been found in any placoderms .
' sluggish placoderms are believed to have become extinct due to competition from the swifter bony fish and early sharks .
dr matt friedman , of oxford