by .
louise cheer .
australia is the 18th happiest country in the world , according to a global survey .
the nation scored a 79 out of 100 on gallup 's positive experience index , which involved about 1000 people aged 15 years and over from 138 countries .
it lagged behind the list 's top five - paraguay , panama , guatemala , nicaragua and ecuador .
australia came just behind new zealand , ranked 17th , in the happiness stakes in a global gallup survey .
but australia 's level of positivity was higher than most of the world .
the global happiness score was 71 .
this meant at least seven in 10 people across the globe were experiencing lots of enjoyment , laughing or smiling a lot , feeling well-rested , and being treated with respect .
our neighbour across the ditch , new zealand , was ranked just one spot higher in 17th place .
the report also found more than 51 per cent of people had learned or did something interesting the day before .
for a third year in a row , paraguay topped the happiness stakes - this year with a score of 87 .
out of the top 10 countries , nine were south american .
paraguay topped the list for the third year in a row and was one of the nine south american countries who made the top 10 .
the report credited the culture of the countries as a major contributor to their joy .
` that so many people are reporting positive emotions in latin america at least partly reflects the cultural tendency in the region to focus on the positives in life , ' it said .
unsurprisingly emotional highs are at a low point in syria , with the country falling to the bottom of the list for the second year in a row .
it scored 36 out of 100 on the happiness scale - an all-time low for any nation gallup has measured .
` fewer than one in three syrians report feeling well-rested -lrb- 31 % -rrb- , feeling enjoyment -lrb- 31 % -rrb- , or learning or doing something interesting -lrb- 25 % -rrb- the day before , ' the report said .
the gallup report also found people with more money were happier .
in 2013 , when the