arsene wenger admits he is scarred by his anfield humiliation last season , but does not expect a repeat from a liverpool team struggling for goals .
wenger 's team were four down in 20 minutes when they travelled to merseyside in february to face a team inspired by luis suarez and were eventually beaten 5-1 .
but the arsenal manager believes much has changed in 10 months since , not least the exit of suarez , an injury to daniel sturridge and his coup to sign alexis sanchez from barcelona ahead of brendan rodgers .
video scroll down to watch arsene wenger : every defeat is a scar on the heart .
arsene wenger admits he is still scarred by arsenal 's 5-1 defeat against liverpool last season .
wenger 's team were four down in 20 minutes when they travelled to merseyside in february .
raheem sterling puts liverpool into a 2-0 lead against arsenal at anfield last season .
wenger said : ` liverpool scored over hundred goals later year .
they were very good going forward .
this season they have scored 19 , so they are not on the same trend offensively .
they started out strong that day and we were too late to get into the game .
` every defeat hurts , you know .
every defeat is a scar in your heart for ever .
but we have good memories at liverpool .
we won many games there .
a week later against the same team we won at home in the fa cup .
' i expect to play a very good team .
they have a heavy schedule like us and it 's very demanding .
' i have respect for the crowd at liverpool because they stand behind their team .
it 's one of the few grounds in the world where you see that .
there is a special combination at liverpool of knowledge of the game and support of their team .
' the gunners boss claims liverpool ` are not on the same trend offensively ' this season .
wenger also revealed that he did n't have to try particularly hard to convince star signing alexis sanchez to move to the emirates .
the chile forward has scored nine goals in 16 premier league games for the season so far and has been wenger 's