on the run : snowden has been on the run from u.s. authorities since he laid bare the extent of the nsa 's spying programme , particularly on internet communication , such as emails , and social media .
islamic state extremists have studied and exploited the leaks made by nsa whistleblower edward snowden to operate under the radar of u.s. intelligence , a former agency chief has claimed .
chris inglis said militants in iraq and syria are ` clearly ' harder to track down since the rogue agent made freely available a wealth of top-secret information about how the u.s. government hunts its enemies online .
the terror group , inglis said , has drastically altered its evasive tradecraft as a result of the data spill , and now operates only in the darkest corners of the internet , where they remain one step ahead of the intelligence community .
inglis , who was the national security agency 's deputy director when snowden exposed how the nsa eavesdrops , said the leak ` went way beyond disclosing things that bore on privacy concerns ' , and delved deep into the agency 's ` means and methods ' used to stay on terrorists ' tails .
he told the washington times : ` having disclosed all of those methods , or at least some degree of those methods , it would be impossible to imagine that - as intelligent as they are in the use of technology , in the employment of communications for their own purposes - they would n't understand how they might be at risk to intelligence services around the world , not the least of which is the u.s. and they necessarily do what they think is in their best interest to defend themselves .
' snowden has been on the run from u.s. authorities since he laid bare the extent of the nsa 's spying programme , with particular regard to internet communication , such as emails , and social media .
thanks to the snowden spill , terror groups have become far more internet savvy , expertly employing the web to disseminate propaganda and communicating only through the most clandestine of channels .
thanks to snowden 's leaks , the terror group has drastically altered its evasive tradecraft , operating only from the darkest corners of the internet , one step ahead of