by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
11:40 est , 2 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
19:28 est , 2 october 2012 .
it says everything you need to know about our mass-produced , pre-packaged supermarket society .
one in five adults apparently believe that parsnips grow on trees .
the statistic is the most shocking in a survey that reveals a bewildering level of consumer ignorance on fruit and vegetables .
one in twenty adults are completely embarrassed by their lack of knowledge about where certain food , like the parsnip , comes from .
twenty per cent think that melons grow in the soil and ten per cent believe tomatoes have to be dug up .
a quarter of adults admit to being .
stumped when a child asks them where a certain food comes from .
a fifth .
have never heard of a king edward or a maris piper and five per cent .
think a granny smith is a potato .
the research , which was carried out among 2,000 adults , was commissioned by the potato council to celebrate the launch of a new potato classification system .
caroline evans from potato council said : ` our research shows that some british adults need to brush up on their foodie knowledge .
` it 's worrying to think that there are people out there who believe types of apples to be potatoes and that well known varieties of british grown spuds are unheard of .
` there is plenty of information available , such as our new potato classification guide , so they can read up - especially if children are inquisitive enough to ask where food comes from .
' it also emerged one in twenty adults are .
completely embarrassed by their lack of knowledge and a quarter said .
they regularly come unstuck when kids ask them where certain food comes .
from .
the survey found that some people believe types of apples to be potatoes and that well known varieties of british grown spuds are unheard of .
cooking is an issue too - despite being one of the nation 's favourite ingredients , one in twenty adults still admit to struggling to cook potatoes .
half claim that their roasts are n't fluffy enough , 28 per cent say their mash is n't