by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
published : .
03:51 est , 24 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
05:20 est , 24 september 2012 .
boris johnson today launched a passionate -- if not entirely complimentary -- defence of nick clegg as the deputy prime minister was again forced to defend his leadership .
mr johnson , the tory london mayor , set out 20 reasons why everyone , and not just conservatives , should be grateful that mr clegg ` laid down his political life ' to form a government , even if that meant being attacked from all sides and suffering a ` protracted political humiliation ' .
murmurings about his leadership and dreadful poll ratings , mr clegg will be grateful of praise coming from any quarter .
boris johnson said nick clegg is ` probably a natural tory ' as he set out why the lib dem must survive as leader .
` it is time for us clegg fans to echo those kindly folk who are trying to save the sweet furry badgers from the wrath of farmers , ' mr johnson said .
` never mind the badgers -- save the cleggster from extermination !
' but the support of one of the .
country 's best known conservatives will not be universally welcomed by .
lib dem activists .
at one point mr johnson says mr clegg ` probably a .
natural tory ' aside from his views on europe .
and .
in a backhanded compliment he delights in the ` utterly hopeless ' lib .
dem campaigns for a new voting system and an elected house of lords .
which helped preserve the status quo .
opinion polls carried out to make the start of this week 's lib dem conference made grim reading for mr clegg .
boris johnson compared nick clegg 's plight to the government 's looming badger cull : ¿ never mind the badgers ¿ save the cleggster from extermination !
¿ .
in one his net satisfaction ratings had dropped to -63 , a new low .
in a survey of party members for the libdemvoice website , his approval rating had dropped into negative territory for the first time , down to minus two points .
four in five lib dem members also fear being in coalition will be