five green sea turtles , rehabilitated by a uruguayan conservation group , have been released back into the ocean .
having spent the better part of their morning clearing the beach of half a tonne of rubbish , around 800 volunteers cheered as the turtles were released into their natural habitat .
primary school students from a local school in montevideo assisted in the care of the endangered sea turtles , which were being treated at a local veterinarian hospital .
luna , lucas , aletea -lrb- flaps -rrb- , ramona and flora were collected along the uruguayan coast in june .
the green turtles ` appeared in winter with thermal shock , the low water temperature made them to go to the coast , ' karumbé director andres estrade told ruptly .
veronica larrosa , director of the school which took part , told el siglo that the program had fostered a spirit of ` solidarity and responsibility ' among the children , who were happy to actively participate in the entire rescue and return process .
children happy to help : the ngo karumbé , along with children from a local school , had been caring for the rescued green sea turtles since the uruguayan winter in june .
in shock : karumbé director andres estrade said the turtles had thermal shock when they were collected along the uruguayan coast .
hip hip hooray : around 800 volunteers , who had spent their morning clearing the beach of 456kg of rubbish , cheered as the turtles were released back into the rio de la plata .
green sea turtles have been declared an endangered species by the international union for conservation of nature and the convention on international trade in endangered species of wild fauna and flora .
while many of them migrate during winter months , some attempt to cling to beaches to stay warm - which is when karumbé step in and assist them .
karumbé advocates for the protection of sea turtles and their habitats .
in the last 10 years , the ngo has seen an increased presence of plastic in the stomachs of turtles rescued .