by .
daily mail reporter .
a pair of los angeles-area men who 've claimed to be gang members now fighting in syria were actually deported to that country because of their criminal background , u.s. authorities have learned .
the men are nercis kilajian , was deported to syria in 2012 , and sarou madarin , deported to syria in 2010 , according to records provided to reporters by sgt. tom lorenz of the glendale police department .
the pair are both syrian nationals of armenian descent , cnn reports .
scroll down for video .
gang members : two men from los angeles gangs - .
` creeper ' -lrb- left -rrb- from the surenos and ` wino ' -lrb- right -rrb- from the .
westside armenian power gang - have surfaced in syria to fight along .
assad , according to a video online .
bragging : creeper shows off tattoos showing his allegiance to his gang and greets other gang members .
the men are fighting alongside forces loyal to president bashar assad , according to reports .
in .
a video posted online , kilajian identifies himself as ` wino ' from the .
westside armenian power gang - found in areas of los angeles county .
including hollywood boulevard - and madarian calls himself ` creeper ' from the sur-13 or surenos .
- a hispanic gang with loose links to the mexican mafia .
over .
the two-minute clip , the men reveal their gang tattoos and greet fellow .
gang members before grabbing guns and firing at desolate land beneath .
them , claiming they are shooting ` enemigos ' .
throughout the video , they boast that .
they are on the front lines - without revealing much about exactly what .
they are doing or why they are fighting for assad .
` it 's syria , homie , we 're in syria , homie , ' wino says .
` still .
puro surenos putting it down , homie , ' creeper adds .
` in middle east , .
homie , in syria , still gangbanging , not giving a f *** , homie .
' the men , who are dressed in military gear , then grab machine guns and open fire on the land below .
armed : the two men then grab their firearms and