by .
chris foy in auckland .
danny care is on course to be recalled by england for the second test in dunedin on saturday , after returning to full training following his shoulder injury .
the 27-year-old harlequins scrum half was ruled out of the series opener at eden park last weekend in unfortunate circumstances , following a freak training-ground accident .
care hurt himself after attempting a low kick only to miss the ball and fall awkwardly -- prompting wild amusement among team-mates and coaches until his predicament became clear .
back to fitness : danny care , training indoors on monday in auckland , is set to return for england on saturday .
freak accident : the harlequins ' scrum half fell while kicking ahead of the first test and injured his shoulder .
in his absence , ben youngs of leicester started in the no 9 shirt in the first test , but he was unable to deliver a fluent performance and there is a strong chance that care will now be brought straight back into england 's starting xv .
his outstanding displays during the six nations will no doubt count in his favour as stuart lancaster and his assistant coaches finalise their selection prior to the official team announcement on thursday morning local time .
should the exuberant yorkshireman reclaim his place , he will resume his half-back partnership with owen farrell and the saracens no 10 gave an emphatic endorsement of his qualities .
` i played with danny for the first time in the six nations and loved it , ' he said .
` he 's obviously a world-class player and someone who can take any opportunity that comes .
not only that but he can make something out of nothing .
to be able to play off the back of that is huge .
danny 's a brilliant player .
' farrell was asked if he and others destined to replace players who performed so well in narrow defeat at eden park feel guilty about doing so .
taking chances : ben youngs deputised for care at no 9 but did n't make the mark he would have hoped .
in form : care was impressive in the six nations and for quins in their late-season charge into the finals .
he said : ` i do n't know about