by .
snejana farberov .
owen labrie , 18 , a recent graduate of st. paul 's school in concord , new hampshire , has been charged with sexually assaulting a 15-year-old freshman .
a recent graduate of a prestigious new hampshire boarding prep school has been charged with sexually assaulting a freshman as part of a student tradition in which seniors try to have sex with younger students .
a police affidavit obtained by the concord monitor alleges 18-year-old owen labrie , of tunbridge , vermont , sexually assaulted a 15-year-old on campus two days before he graduated from st. paul 's school in concord june 1 .
police say labrie denied having sex with the girl .
results are still pending from a state lab , but the affidavit says a nurse reported observing a laceration consistent with forced intercourse .
labrie , who is due to attend harvard in the fall , is set for arraignment september 15 on three felony counts of sexual assault and one count of using a computer to lure the girl .
the police affidavit said st. paul 's counselor sandra whelan contacted concord police after hearing from the girl 's mother june 3 .
` whalen informed me that there is a horrible tradition at the boarding school called the `` senior salute '' in which a senior emails a younger student regarding a `` conquest '' before they graduate , ' wrote julie curtin , a detective with the concord police .
according to the document , when labrie initially sent his ` senior salute ' to the girl , she declined to meet with him .
she later told police that she was aware there was a contest going on among upper classmen to see how many girls they could ` hook up ' with .
idyllic environment : the alleged rape took place in a secluded part of the 2,000-acre forested campus in june .
elite institution : founded in 1856 as an episcopal school , st paul 's tuition is currently at just over $ 50,000 a year .
labrie then went to a mutual male friend and asked him to ` put in a good word ' for him with the freshman .
` when she accepted owen labrie 's `` senior salute , '' her understanding was that it would be `` just a hook