rio ferdinand was less than impressed with one of his qpr team-mates on wednesday afternoon after they turned up to training in a camouflage land rover .
although the 36-year-old defender did n't reveal who the vehicle belonged to , he still took to instagram to question why a colleague would do such a thing to ` disrespect ' a car .
he wrote : ` one of the lads just pulled up in this ... why wrap it in this camo please #disrespectedthecar ' .
rio ferdinand was n't impressed with a team-mate 's camouflaged land rover .
qpr defender ferdinand -lrb- left -rrb- is in contention to start against manchester united on saturday .
their cars may be camouflaged , but the qpr players ca n't afford to go into hiding this weekend as harry redknapp 's side look to turn their premier league fortunes around with a difficult home game against manchester united to come on saturday .
the west london club suffered their 10th successive premier league defeat on the road this season -- the worst away run in the top-flight for 50 years - with the 201 defeat against burnley .
the defeat saw clint hill clash with the travelling rangers supporters as tempers reached boiling point .
qpr 's star man charlie austin takes a shot a goal during training on wednesday .
clint hill , who clashed with qpr fans last weekend , also took part in the wednesday training session .
at the final whistle , richard dunne and hill became involved in an angry exchange of words with travelling qpr fans and the irish defender had to be dragged away by goalkeeping coach kevin hitchcock and joey barton .
` someone said something to richard dunne that was all , ' said hoops boss redknapp .
` kevin hitchcock went and took dunney away - someone just got the hump .
he did n't go to have a row with anyone - he just went over and started applauding and someone had a go .
'' redknapp was scathing about his defenders and added : ` no one is more disappointed than me but it 's hard to win away .
` seven or eight of that team were playing last year in the championship and finished miles behind burnley and 20 points behind leicester , so we ca n't get