the national football league has hired its first female ref , sarah thomas , according to a report .
thomas , 42 , a referee for college football 's conference usa , has been considered before for a position in the nfl before she was chosen to start in the league next year , baltimore reporter aaron wilson posted on his twitter account .
she has previously refereed preseasons games , scrimmages and minicamps after becoming part of the nfl 's training program since 2013 .
sarah thomas , a 42-year-old mother of three from brandon , mississippi , has reportedly been tapped as the first woman to be hired as a full-time nfl referee .
above she officiates a preseason new orleans saints game .
the conference usa official became the first woman to officiate and fbs game in 2007 and the first to preside over a bowl game in 2009 .
the nfl would not confirm thomas 's hiring on friday , saying in a statement : ` the 2015 roster of officials has not yet been finalized .
when it is , the new officials for 2015 and the entire roster will be announced .
' thomas will be among eight new hires made for the 2015 season , a source close to the matter told the la times .
a brandon , mississippi , native , thomas played basketball at university of mobile before beginning officiating after attending a meeting with her brother .
` he told me there 's a bunch of old men sitting there .
and that i might get some strange stares , ' she told the hattiesburg american last year .
` when i walked into that meeting sure enough that did happen .
' she reffed basketball and high school football before moving on to college and becoming the first woman to officiate a fbs game in 2007 and the first to preside over a bowl game in 2009 .
` the thing is , i 've never set out to be the first and that has n't changed , she said in 2013 .
' i do this because i love it .
' the mother of three credits her success in sports to being raised with brothers .
the mississippi native first began officiating after attending a meeting with her brother and credits her family with helping her