fernando torres has netted three times since he completed his emotional return to atletico madrid earlier this month - and all within 50 seconds of the first whistle or the start of the second half .
the former chelsea striker is beginning to rediscover some of his best form - which he enjoyed during his spell at liverpool - and , when he scored 40 seconds into the copa del rey quarter-final second leg with barcelona on wednesday , he had his third goal from just three shots on target since returning to the vicente calderon .
the 30-year-old 's first two strikes came against real madrid in the second leg of the previous round of the competition - both at the bernabeu .
fernando torres scored against barcelona , his third goal for atletico madrid since returning to the club .
spanish striker torres opened the scoring at the vicente calderon after just 40 seconds on wednesday night .
torres scored just 49 seconds into the match against real madrid in the previous round of the copa del rey .
he also netted just 35 seconds into the second half against real on january 15 at the bernabeu .
since his return to atletico , fernando torres has netted three times and it seems he love scoring within the first 50 seconds of any half of football he plays .
here are the timings of his goals ... 49 seconds -lrb- into first half -rrb- - vs real madrid -lrb- january 15 -rrb- .
35 seconds -lrb- into second half -rrb- - vs real madrid -lrb- january 15 -rrb- .
40 seconds -lrb- into first half -rrb- - vs barcelona -lrb- january 28 -rrb- .
incredibly , just 49 seconds into the 2-2 second-leg draw with atleti 's bitter rivals , torres slotted home past real keeper keylor navas .
then , just 35 seconds into the second half , torres was again fed through by team-mate antoine greizmann and he found the back of the real net once more .
a return of just one goal in four months at ac milan had preceded his return to the club who nurtured him , yet torres has netted three times in quick succession since arriving back at atletico .
it seems as if the loan back to a club who he knows so well - and where he is