sunderland head coach gus poyet has warned his first-team hopefuls to be ready as he considers making changes for monday night 's trip to crystal palace .
the uruguayan has presided over an 8-0 horror show at southampton and last weekend 's error-strewn 2-0 home reverse at the hands of arsenal , with keeper vito mannone and central defender wes brown among the guilty men as the black cats contributed to their own downfall .
mannone was one of the heroes of last season 's capital one cup run and remarkable barclays premier league survival fight , but with understudy costel pantilimon breathing down his neck , he could find himself sitting on the bench at selhurst park .
sunderland manager gus poyet admits he is ready to make changes against crystal palace on monday .
costel pantilimon -lrb- left -rrb- could replace vito mannone -lrb- right -rrb- in goal at selhurst park .
pantilimon , a summer arrival from manchester city , is yet to make a premier league appearance for the club with his only involvement to date coming in the league cup , but poyet wants the giant romanian - and any other player with hopes of forcing their way into his plans - to be prepared .
he said : ` that 's something we will know if he plays and how he performs .
i tell my son to be ready - imagine my players .
` be ready , then if i give you the chance and you are not ready , you can not blame me .
i can not send you a text , an e-mail , whatsapp , whatever you want , to make sure that you 're ready .
` it 's part of the job .
a few players are pushing for their places and i need to make sure that i pick the right team .
' john o'shea -lrb- left -rrb- warms up during the black cats ' training session at the academy of light on friday .
midfielder jack rodwell grins during training as sunderland prepare to face neil warnock 's side .
mannone endured an intensely difficult day at the st mary 's stadium with three of the goals he conceded being scored by his own team-mates , and it was he who served up the ball to gunners midfielder alexis sanchez to score at