williams and ferrari are poised to make a good start to the formula one season after both finished winter testing with another strong showing on sunday .
valtteri bottas steered his williams to the fastest time on the final of 12 days of preseason tests , with ferrari 's sebastian vettel right behind him at the barcelona-catalunya circuit .
bottas clocked an early flying lap of 1 minute , 23.063 seconds .
the finnish driver and teammate felipe massa have consistently been among the fastest performers with both in the top two times through the final four days of testing .
valtteri bottas clocked the fastest time for williams on the final of 12 days of preseason tests on sunday .
ferrari 's sebastian vettel and sauber 's felipe nasr both trailed the williams driver by less than one second .
vettel catches up with nico rosberg of mercedes during day four of the final formula one winter testing .
vettel and sauber 's felipe nasr were both less than one second slower than bottas .
nasr put in the most laps of the day with 159 in another promising ride by the newcomer .
whether a revamped ferrari and confident williams can challenge champion mercedes is another issue .
nico rosberg may have had a subdued final turn behind his mercedes , but the german team has given no indication of slippage after dominating last season when rosberg was lewis hamilton 's only challenger for the title .
the mercedes pair had set the pace on the previous two days , with rosberg recording the fastest overall lap time in eight days at montmelo of 1 minute , 22.792 seconds .
toro rosso 's precocious max verstappen , who at 17 is the youngest f1 driver in history , again proved steady behind the wheel with the fourth fastest time .
he was followed by red bull 's daniel ricciardo .
williams ' and ferrari 's impressive displays during testing will give them confidence to challenge mercedes .
next came sergio perez in his first turn behind force india 's new car , right in front of rosberg .
mclaren 's jenson button , meanwhile , toiled to another session-low 30 laps after only managing two before the lunch break .
mclaren has been in a mechanical muddle as it adjusts to its new honda engines .
it was