by .
sophie jane evans .
amanda knox has been spotted cycling around her hometown as she prepares to appeal against her conviction of the murder of british student meredith kercher .
the 26-year-old was pictured riding her black-and-purple bike to a local goodwill store in seattle , washington , on saturday .
she could be seen sporting a hooded top , gloves and bright pink socks - with her short hair tucked under a black helmet .
out for a spin : amanda knox , 26 , has been spotted cycling around her hometown of seattle , washington .
exercising : the brunette was pictured riding her black-and-purple bike to a local goodwill store on saturday .
goodwill stores , which sell donated goods from the community , use their profits to provide free job training and basic education to people on low incomes .
it comes just weeks after knox was sentenced to 28 years in prison for killing ms kercher with the help of her then-boyfriend , raffaele sollecito .
ms kercher , from coulsdon in surrey , was found dead with her throat slashed in the bedroom of her home she shared with knox in perugia , italy , on november 2 , 2007 .
knox and sollecito were convicted of her murder in 2009 and sentenced to 25 and 28 years in prison respectively .
concern : knox , pictured fastening her cycling helmet , is preparing to appeal against her conviction of the murder of meredith kercher .
she was sentenced to 28 years in jail in january for killing the british student .
casual dress : knox could be seen sporting a hooded top , gloves and pink socks during her cycling trip .
however , they were acquitted and released in 2011 after an appeals court reviewed the facts of the case .
following her release , knox went back to her home in seattle , washington - and when the case went to retrial in september last year , she refused to return to italy .
however , on january 30 , an italian appeals court reconvicted knox and her former boyfriend of murdering ms kercher .
' i am frightened and saddened by this .
unjust verdict , ' knox wrote after the ruling .
` having been found .
innocent before , i expected better from the italian justice