father-of-two michael beard , 31 , was killed when his bicycle was struck by a school bus just yards from the front gates .
a teacher and ` inspirational ' rugby coach was killed when his bicycle was struck by a school bus just yards from the front gates .
father-of-two michael beard , 31 , was cycling to a youngster 's rugby tournament when he was struck by a coach carrying pupils he had taught just minutes earlier on wednesday .
horrified children on the bus were left in tears when they realised the cyclist lying in the road outside lincoln christ 's hospital school was mr beard .
the popular teacher , who was also a coach with the rfu english touch association , had led a touch rugby class at the school just minutes before the fatal collision .
parent jan thomas , 34 , whose two sons attend the 1,400-pupil school , said : ` it was a horrible thing to happen to someone so wonderfully popular with the children .
` apparently when the accident happened some children on the bus rushed to the back and one boy who had just been taught by mr beard knew straight away it was him .
` it was a terrible thing for the children to witness .
' the bus , operated by p.c.coaches , collided with mr beard at a junction outside the lincolnshire school , but the bus driver and passengers were not injured .
headteacher martin mckeown said : ` understandably , the whole school is shocked and devastated .
` mr beard was a popular and dedicated member of staff who was committed to helping and motivating children to play rugby .
` he was on his way to a school rugby tournament when this tragedy happened .
` we are still coming to terms with this tragic loss and we are working in partnership with the police , lincolnshire county council and the red cross to support both students and staff .
` our heart-felt thoughts and condolences are with mr beard 's family .
' friends and colleagues have now paid tribute to the married father-of-two who was nominated in the coach of the year category in 2014 .
the ` inspirational ' rugby coach had led a touch class at the school just minutes before the fatal collision .
tributes