by .
daily mail reporter .
and associated press .
published : .
00:59 est , 21 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:11 est , 21 may 2013 .
country music performer toby keith says he grew up in the area near oklahoma city that was hit by a devastating tornado - and says the community will ` persevere ' in the wake of the storm .
keith issued a statement saying monday 's tornado in moore , oklahoma , devastated the community in which he grew up .
the city has embraced keith 's celebrity and his name is on the moore water tower .
scroll down for video .
native : toby keith is from moore , oklahoma , the part of the state that has been ravaged by monday 's tornado .
path of destruction : this aerial photo shows the remains of homes hit by a massive tornado in moore .
keith says he remembers riding his bicycle through the stricken neighborhoods .
speaking to cnnâ $ ™ s anderson cooper by phone from nashville , tennessee , keith said : ` itâ $ ™ s devastating .
' he added that the number of casualties could have been much higher had it not been for the vigilance of forecasters .
` oklahoma 's really good .
great meteorologists .
have great weather centers and they prepare you for this .
the numbers could be much much higher .
' watch video here .
sadness : a woman holds her cat as she sits in the driveway of her demolished home .
rescuers are still working to pull people from the rubble in the community that 's southwest of oklahoma city .
at least 91 people are confirmed dead , and more than 200 have been injured .
the giant twister roared through the oklahoma city suburb obliterating entire neighborhoods and pulverizing a 30-square-mile stretch with winds up to 200 mph .
block after block lay in ruins .
homes were crushed into piles of broken .
wood .
cars and trucks were left crumpled on the roadside .
in a statement , keith said : ` this storm has devastated the community that i grew up in .
i rode my bike through those neighborhoods .
i have family and friends in moore .
` my heart and prayers go to those