rapper beanie sigel , a one-time protege of jay z , was shot in the stomach inside a home in new jersey on friday .
the bullet went through sigel 's stomach and out his back , pleasantville police chief jose ruiz said on friday .
authorities and sigel 's lawyer initially called the wound life-threatening , but hospital officials told police that the 40-year-old rapper was awake friday afternoon after surgery .
investigators were on their way to try to interview the rapper .
scroll down for video .
rapper beanie sigel was rushed to hospital on friday -lrb- pictured -rrb- after being shot in the stomach inside a new jersey home , police said .
sigel was awake on friday afternoon after having surgery .
he was not the intended target , his family said .
emergency personnel take shooting victim , rapper beanie sigel , from a house in plesantville , new jersey .
sigel , whose real name is dwight grant , had just taken his children to school when he was shot.his family said that sigel was an unintended target of the shooting , around 9.30 am on friday .
` we 're all hoping and praying that he pulls through , ' perri said .
investigators were waiting to talk to sigel , 40 .
a second man who was injured at the home refused medical treatment and has been uncooperative with police .
sigel had three albums hit the top five on the billboard album chart : ` the truth ' in 2000 , ` the reason ' in 2001 and ` the b. coming ' in 2005 .
he also starred in the movie ` state property ' and its sequel .
he has been in and out of courtrooms over the past decade , sometimes with jay-z and beyonce looking on from the gallery .
in august , sigel was moved from federal prison to a halfway house after serving a two-year tax-evasion sentence and then released to home confinement in september .
authorities said he failed to pay more than $ 700,000 in taxes .
in 2006 , sigel was shot multiple times in the arm in philadelphia after an attempted robbery .
he was able to drive himself to a hospital for treatment .
he was found not guilty in an attempted murder trial in 2005 .
rapper beanie