by .
victoria woollaston .
cycling can be a serene way to spend a sunday afternoon , until you arrive at a steep uphill climb and have to give it all the energy you 've got just to get over it .
with this in mind , researchers have created a bike wheel that not only knows when you 're struggling , it will activate a built-in electric motor to give you a supportive boost of power .
called the copenhagen wheel , the device can be installed as part of a rear hub of any bike wheel and is fitted with a computer , rechargeable batteries and sensors that monitor how hard a rider is peddling .
by connecting to a smartphone via bluetooth , the wheel can then track distances and elevation and will switch the electric motor on and off to suit the terrain .
scroll down for video .
the copenhagen wheel , pictured , can be fitted to any bike and syncs wirelessly to a smartphone .
a built-in computer tracks how hard a rider is peddling , using distances travelled and elevation , and activates a motor to kick in if the cyclist is struggling uphill , for example .
the copenhagen wheel is installed as part of a rear hub of a bike wheel and can connect wirelessly to a smartphone app .
the device is fitted with a computer , batteries and sensors that monitor how hard a rider is pedalling .
it does this by monitoring the energy output , as well as by tracking the rider 's gps location and elevation via the app .
a built-in motor will kick in whenever the wheel thinks the cyclist is struggling , when riding uphill for example .
the smartphone can also track distance travelled and calories burned .
the smartphone app can also track the number of calories burned and lock the wheel remotely as soon as the owner walks away from the bike .
` the motor integrates itself with the rider 's motion very , very seamlessly , ' said assaf biderman , who co-invented the device at the massachusetts institute of technology 's senseable city lab .
` it 's almost like having a riding companion riding together with you , making the ride easier , simpler .
' by connecting to a smartphone app , pictured ,