by .
martha de lacey .
published : .
03:18 est , 23 august 2012 .
| .
updated : .
08:17 est , 23 august 2012 .
lisa snowdon , who has a lovely curvy figure wears the marilyn jean , # 25 .
we have all been there , spending mornings wrestling with builders ' bums , saggy bottoms and muffin tops as we try and squeeze in to our jeans .
but at last the wait for the perfect pair may finally be over .
marks & spencer have launched a new style of denim for women which focuses on unique body shape rather than the standard body size most clothes are sold in .
using revolutionary body scan measurements of over 10,000 .
uk women , designers at the store have created the range which they claim will .
flatter the majority of women 's body shapes .
the three styles have celebrity inspired names eva , lana and marilyn -lrb- although the store denies naming them after specific women -rrb- built specifically with pear , apple and hourglass figures in mind .
research conducted .
for m&s found that 42 % of women wear jeans at least five times a week .
and most women have between four and five pairs of jeans in their wardrobe .
they wear regularly .
despite them being our favourite wardrobe item most women surveyed .
feel that it is difficult to find a pair of jeans they feel 100 % .
comfortable in .
each body shape denim style is .
determined by the variations in waist to hip ratio .
measuring your .
waist at the narrowest point and your hips at the widest , the style that will compliment your figure most will .
be determined by subtracting your waist measurement from your hip .
the lana jean is designed for an apple-shaped body .
the eva jean is designed for the pear-shaped woman .
the marilyn cut is designed to flatter women with an hourglass shape .
lana packaging .
the eva denim packaging .
packaging for the marilyn denim .
karl knight , head of innovation and quality said : ` as .
the most worn items ' of clothing in the world , it is important that .
denim jeans offer our customer the most comfortable and flattering fit .
possible .
`