by .
jaya narain and nazia parveen .
published : .
00:29 est , 11 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
20:22 est , 11 july 2013 .
a man died after he was shot with a taser by police responding to reports of a row between neighbours .
jordan begley , 23 , is suspected to have had a heart attack after being hit by the 50,000 volt charge outside his home .
his mother dorothy had called police when the disturbance threatened to get out of hand .
jordan begley was hit with a stun gun when he went back inside his house .
the 23-year-old had a heart condition and is believed to have had a heart attack .
up to a dozen officers -- some of them .
armed -- turned up in the quiet residential street following reports .
that the ice cream factory worker had a knife .
he was hit with a taser stun gun when he went back inside his house , and collapsed on the floor .
officers and paramedics tried to resuscitate him before he was taken to hospital where he was pronounced dead .
it .
later emerged that mr begley of gorton , manchester , had a heart .
condition and the electric charge from the taser may have caused a .
massive heart attack .
there .
were initial reports that officers may have confused him with a wanted .
criminal with exactly the same name in the area , but this was .
strenuously denied by the police .
his .
distraught mother , a 50-year-old café owner and well-respected .
community figure , told friends : ` they 've killed my son , they 've killed .
my son .
' yesterday the shutters were down at dot 's café with a sign .
saying : ` cafe closed due to bereavement .
' jordan begley 's mother dot 's cafe was closed today following the death of the 23-year-old .
a sign was posted on the cafe 's door this morning informing customers of the incident .
a mourner lays flowers at the scene on beard street where 23-year-old jordan begley died .
paramedics tried to resuscitate him at the scene .
the .
incident -- the latest to raise serious questions about the increasing .
use of taser weapons -- is