yaya toure hit back on tuesday after he was subjected to more racist abuse in the build-up to manchester city 's crucial champions league clash with cska moscow .
toure was targeted on twitter just hours after reactivating his account on monday following a five-month break from social media , and yesterday described the abuse as ` a disgrace ' .
anti-racism group kick it out reported it to greater manchester police who confirmed that they have launched an investigation .
yaya toure received racist comments shortly after tweeting about the manchester derby .
manchester city midfielder had only just reactivated the social networking site after five months away .
city boss manuel pellegrini insisted that the issue will have no bearing on toure 's participation in wednesday 's group e tie against cska at the etihad .
the two teams were forced to play behind closed doors in moscow two weeks ago due to uefa sanctions against the russian club dating back to the racist taunts aimed at toure by their supporters in last season 's competition .
the ivory coast star responded to the latest abuse , saying : ` for me , it 's a disgrace to be honest .
we need to do something to try to tell people those kinds of behaviour have to stop .
` i want those people to understand what they 're doing is wrong .
i 've been attacked like that for many years .
i will never stop telling them they are wrong and have to change .
` to have such aggression in sport , i ca n't understand that .
that 's why i 've been trying to fight it .
football does n't have a colour .
we 're just people from all over the world trying to enjoy the game .
i never see this in rugby , i never see that in tennis or anything else .
i do n't know where it 's coming from .
' anti-racism campaigners kick it out reported the racist comments to the police .
pellegrini denied that the controversy could be a distraction for toure as city attempt to revive their flagging european campaign .
` yaya is an experienced player , ' he said .
` he is always trying to fight against those things but i do n't think he will have any problem about