by .
shari miller .
published : .
10:20 est , 20 july 2012 .
| .
updated : .
12:54 est , 20 july 2012 .
dozens of people have been forced to evacuate their homes as wildfires sweep across the portuguese islands of madeira .
firefighters have been battling the flames , caused by scorching summer temperatures of up to 40c -lrb- 104f -rrb- , since wednesday .
efforts have also been hampered to contain the erupting flames because of high winds .
saved from destruction : blackened hillsides are seen in front of saved homes after a fire in santa cruz , some 20 km from funchal , on madeira island .
fires raged around the towns of calheta , ribeira brava and in santa cruz .
close-run thing : the lush countryside is burnt almost to the back doors of surrounding properties .
most homes were evacuated as a precaution , and homeowners at least have something to return to .
not everyone was lucky : a burnt car sits in a carbonised forest after a fire in camacha .
high temperatures and strong winds fanned the fires , which started two days ago .
the latest evacuations took place on porto santo , a smaller island near the main island of madeira .
television footage showed houses ablaze and firemen telling villagers of camacha to .
abandon the area .
a large fire burns at dusk near a residential neighbourhood in funchal , the largest city in madeira , portugal .
angry front : a clear line of flames rage on the hills above funchal , under choking smoke .
evacuation : scores of people have been forced to evacuate as wildfires sweep across the portuguese island of madeira .
enveloped in heavy smoke , local .
residents desperately sprayed water on the outside of their homes while .
others ran to flee the flames .
there have been no reports of deaths or serious injuries .
` the changing wind is strongly .
compromising the effort to put out the flames , and we only have five .
firemen there and one truck , ' fire brigade chief afonso nobrega told .
portuguese media .
battling the blaze : a firemen fights the flames in camacha .
fanning the flames : high winds have been blamed for hampering efforts to contain the fires .