by .
olivia williams .
published : .
11:09 est , 15 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
02:28 est , 16 july 2013 .
this is the first glimpse of rolls royce 's # 250,000 supercar - the wraith .
the brand new model was spotted in the street as one of the engineers at rolls royce was testing it on the road before it goes on sale .
the pictures emerged before it had even made its public debut at the goodwood festival of speed in west sussex on the weekend .
incongruous : the rolls royce wraith made an unlikely debut on a suburban street in hampshire while one of the rolls royce engineers tested it .
hotly anticipated : the rolls royce wraith has been road tested by one of the engineers at rolls royce before it goes on sale .
the 6.6 litre model was spotted in hayling island in hampshire by zac austin , who was quick to photograph the unusual car .
it can be bought in october for # 250,000 and is capable of 0-60 mph in just 4.4 seconds .
although the company says it can not .
reveal the waiting list for this particular model , it says the mix of .
prospective owners is ` eclectic ' .
the wraith - a scottish word for ` apparition ' or ` ghost ' - is thought to be aimed at a younger , wealthy market than its more stately models .
rolls royce owners include david beckham , christina aguilera , simon cowell and sir alan sugar .
with luxurious modifications , it is believed it will particularly appeal to footballers as the latest must-have sports car .
buyers can even specify modifications like a roof lining with 1,340 tiny led lamps woven in to replicate the night sky .
its power comes from a 624bhp , 590lb ft v12 engine that has car enthusiasts keenly anticipating its release .
rare sighting : the is the first glimpse of the car that will go on sale for an estimated # 250,000 .
slick : the advert for the wraith , which already has a long waiting list .
it also features systems like voice activation commands , adaptive headlights and a keyless opening boot .
on the weekend the wraith distinguished its official appearance at the famous goodwood