by .
simon jones for mailonline .
arsenal have enquired about torino forward alessio cerci but face competition from southampton .
manager ronald koeman is making a late push to bring extra quality into his side after a couple of promising performances but poor results in the premier league .
italy striker cerci has been a target for everton and atlletico madrid this summer but he was reluctant to move to goodison park while atletico thought he was too expensive at # 15million .
video scroll down to watch arsene wenger refuse to rule out buying a striker .
wanted man : arsenal and southampton are battling for the signature of torino striker alessio cerci .
injury : olivier giroud could be out for three months so the gunners are in the hunt for a new frontman .
koeman has already enquired about a deal for atletico defender toby alderweireld and midfielder jordy clasie at feyenoord but wants another option in attack .
southampton have enquired about nathan redmond at norwich and bid for andros townsend at tottenham but cerci would be a real coup if they could tempt him to the south coast .
however , arsenal would be the player 's preference .
the gunners are discussing options as they weigh up the extent of olivier giroud 's injury .
they have missed out on olympiacos defender kostas manolas who had a medical at roma this morning before agreeing terms .
roma see him as a replacement for mehdi benatia , who is joining bayern munich after the clubs agreed a fee of around # 27m on tuesday morning .
video giroud injury scare for wenger .
impressed : arsene wenger is keen on cerci , who was part of italy 's world cup squad in brazil .
mcarthur involved in tug-of-war .
leicester city have had a # 5million bid for james mcarthur rejected by wigan as burnley prepare a new offer of their own .
the 26-year-old is happy at wigan and pivotal to uwe rosler 's plans despite the # 4m signing of adam forshaw from brentford .
however , burnley manager sean dyche is keen to see if an improved bid can tempt wigan into a sale .
crystal palace and cardiff also have an interest in mcarthur .
transfer tussle : james mcarthur is a target for both leicester and burnley before the