click here to visit sportsmail 's match zone .
when the battle was over and the points were delivered , alan pardew came careering down the touchline , blowing kisses and punching the air .
for most of the unpredictable evening , his self-control had been impeccable , but now his inhibitions were cast aside , and it was impossible to blame him .
in pardew 's first premier league match as their manager , crystal palace had achieved the victory which had escaped them since november .
and they had done it against a spurs side which so recently buried chelsea beneath five goals .
as one who played for the club , pardew knew precisely what it meant and how significant it might prove .
hence his hollywood parade from dugout to tunnel .
later , he would try to place it in a saner perspective : ` one game ... small steps ... swallow does n't make a summer .
' video scroll down for sportsmail 's big match stats : crystal palace 2-1 tottenham hotspur .
jason puncheon scores to make it 2-1 to crystal palace on saturday evening as they beat tottenham hotspur 2-1 .
puncheon was able to make it 2-1 in the final 10 minutes against tottenham as crystal palace continue to fight relegation .
puncheon and his crystal palace team-mates celebrate as they take the lead against tottenham at selhurst park .
dwight gayle shoots to score his penalty against tottenham on saturday evening for crystal palace .
gayle was able to get crystal palace back into the match on saturday evening as he beats tottenham hotspur goalkeeper hugo lloris .
lloris watches the ball go in the far corner as crystal palace got off to a winning start under new manager alan pardew .
gayle celebrates his equaliser for crystal palace against tottenham in the 69th minute at selhurst park on saturday .
gayle and his team-mates celebrate the equaliser as crystal palace fight relegation from the premier league .
pardew celebrates with supporters after his first premier league match in charge of crystal palace at selhurst park .
crystal palace : speroni 6.5 , ward 6.5 , dann 8.5 , delaney 8 , kelly 6.5 , ledley 7 , puncheon 7.5 , mcarthur 7 , bannan 6.5 -lrb- guedioura 6 , 45 -rrb- , gayle 7 -lrb- campbell 87 -rrb-