bookies reckon aston villa manager paul lambert should be looking over his shoulder after his new no 2 , roy keane , was installed as favourite to be the club 's next permanent boss .
keane will join forces with lambert while continuing to work as assistant to republic of ireland manager martin o'neill .
former sunderland and ipswich manager keane linked up with o'neill in november and is now returning to club football at villa park .
villa players return for pre-season on monday and will be expected to achieve a higher finish than the 15th place they managed last year .
video scroll down to watch paul lambert talks about villa 's appointment of roy keane .
club man : roy keane returns to the premier league as no 2 to paul lambert at aston villa .
hot seat : lambert has been aston villa manager since june 2012 but had a disappointing last season .
13/5 roy keane , 4/1 david moyes , jurgen klinsmann , 6/1 roberto di matteo , 10/1 malky mackay , 12/1 tim sherwood , 14/1 neil lennon , 20/1 michael laudrup .
lambert 's future was in doubt as they flirted with the relegation places for much of the campaign and david moyes , sacked by manchester united with four games left , was favourite to replace his fellow scot .
but paddy power now have keane at 13/5 with moyes and usa boss jurgen klinsmann next in the market at 4/1 .
lambert , who had his coaching staff significantly depleted last season when assistant ian culverhouse and football operations manager gary karsa were suspended and then sacked for unspecified disciplinary reasons , has welcomed keane to the midlands .
he said : '' roy has a great knowledge of football , on the coaching side as well , and he 'll be a great asset and a big help to everybody here at aston villa football club .
` i 'm really looking forward to working with him and i 'm delighted that he 's here .
two jobs : keane will continue to work with martin o'neill in the republic of ireland set-up .
` as a player , he was one of the most accomplished in the history of the barclays premier league and he 's brought that experience gained over many years into his career in coaching