by .
louise cheer .
the devastated family of mh17 victims mary and gerry menke have described the victorian couple as polar opposites who were not only loved by each other but loved by everyone who knew them .
breaking their silence through a statement released by the department of foreign affairs , the menkes ' family say ` their loss is felt as extensively as it is deeply ' .
` though mary and gerry menke 's lives may have been tragically cut short in the mh17 disaster , they will be remembered by everyone who knew them for the vivacity and spirit with which they lived , ' the menke family said .
scroll down for video .
mary -lrb- front centre -rrb- and gerry genke -lrb- back centre -rrb- have been remembered by family as vivacious and spirited .
` mary and gerry were many things to many people : award winning business owners , adventurous world travellers , and active members of the mallacoota community .
` they were inseparable partners in everything they did , loyal friends , deeply loving siblings and children , devoted parents to four children and doting grandparents to five grandsons .
' the couple ran a successful wild abalone pearl cultivating business , which was unique in australia .
the fledgling family business , mapa pearls , had recently received a local business award and was going to be the focus of an upcoming episode of ` coast ' .
after a ` whirlwind romance ' , the couple were married in mary 's home country of new zealand and ` rarely spent a day apart ' .
following their wedding , they embarked on adventures all around the world - taking them to the african wilderness , diving with whale sharks off ningaloo and hiking the jungles of borneo .
the menkes ran a successful abalone pearl cultivating business in victoria and were inseparable .
but despite their travels , home was where their heart really lay in mallacoota in victoria 's west .
both were united in serving their local community - including sporting clubs , schools and the ses - but in personalities they were polar opposites .
` mary was a woman as colourful in spirit as she was in appearance , ' the menke family said .
` her easy smile and laugh were as