by .
leon watson and amanda williams .
published : .
23:05 est , 24 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:08 est , 26 april 2013 .
this is the shocking arsenal of kitchen knives used by a teenage gang to hack a teenager to death at victoria station .
the horrific haul , revealed in images released by police , includes a samurai sword , and shows one knife so long it can barely be concealed in a newspaper .
another spans the width of the schoolbag it was hidden in after the deadly attack on 15-year-old sofyen belamouadden .
it comes as new cctv footage has been released showing the moment the 20-strong gang swooped on their victim , a promising young footballer .
scroll down for video .
a five-set box of knives similar to those victoria osoteku bought from argos before the murder of sofyen belamouadden at london 's victoria station .
a knife concealed in metro newspaper found on the c10 bus after the murder of the budding footballer .
one of the group 's college bags from st charles with a knife laying on top of it found on the bus after the murder .
a samurai sword retrieved by police from a bin outside the surprise pub in vauxhall bridge road after the murder of sofyen .
this metal rod or knife sharpener found near seats on a bus after the attack .
one of the kitchen knives given to a witness on the c10 bus , shown in images released by police .
police .
issued the video reels of the moments before the stabbing of sofyen as a .
leading detective in the case pointed part of the blame for the attack .
on violent computer games .
the .
15-year-old had his life cut short at victoria station in central .
london when he was chased and killed by the gang of youths .
detective .
chief inspector john mcfarlane yesterday blamed the ` blitz attack ' on .
facebook and blackberry 's messenger service which allowed his killers to .
organise themselves .
he said the teenagers had lost touch with reality because of .
violent computer games .
he told the times : ` you 've got people .
playing computer games where they 're shooting and stabbing people .
where .
is the real