by .
meghan keneally .
caroline kennedy has said that she will ` absolutely ' endorse hillary clinton ` if she runs ' for president in 2016 .
the two women from similarly powerful democratic clans have had a turbulent history in the past , but in a new interview , the american ambassador to japan gave a measured hint of an endorsement .
' i know it sounds like a cliché , but two years is a really long time in politics .
i 'm sure she 's looking forward to being a grandmother , i know she 's got to decide soon .
so , so you know i hope so , ' kennedy said in an interview with abc .
serious support : caroline kennedy and hillary clinton , seen here in 2000 when clinton was running for senate , have been allies for years making it even more of a shock when kennedy opted to support obama over clinton in 2008 .
payback : president obama appointed caroline kennedy -lrb- seen together in japan on thursday -rrb- as the new american ambassador to japan in a move that many saw as a ` thank you ' for her critical support in his 2008 race against hillary clinton .
kennedy 's endorsement can be a powerful thing , and though it was assumed that she would lend her name to her longtime ally clinton during the 2008 presidential race , she actually turned the tide by coming out in support of barack obama in january of that year .
many considered caroline 's endorsement , as well as that of her now-deceased uncle senator ted kennedy , of obama as the point in which the democratic base began to switch over from the former first lady 's camp to that of the one-term senator from illinois .
the drama between clinton and kennedy was not fully put to bed until nearly a year later , after obama was elected and he had selected clinton as his secretary of state .
kennedy expressed an interest in being nominated to take over for clinton , who was one of the new york senators at the time .
keeping her options open : kennedy said that she would ` absolutely ' support clinton -lrb- seen on wednesday at a talk in connecticut -rrb- in a 2016 race but echoed clinton