by .
ap reporter .
published : .
20:24 est , 21 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
22:02 est , 21 may 2013 .
missing : kathlyn shepard of dayton , iowa is missing and the man police believe abducted her was found dead from suicide monday .
the man suspected of abducting an iowa girl has killed himself amidst a massive .
search for the 15-year-old who disappeared monday after getting off her school bus .
kathlynn shepard of dayton , iowa was still missing tuesday , .
and authorities said a massive search was underway .
meanwhile , the iowa .
division of criminal investigation said michael klunder , who is suspected of .
taking her and another girl , was found dead from suicide .
dozens of federal , state and local law enforcement officials .
are searching by air , land and water for kathlynn shepard .
she and a .
12-year-old girl , who are friends , were taken monday afternoon shortly after .
stepping off a school bus in the town about 60 miles north of des moines .
the younger girl , who was later able to escape , told .
authorities the girls had accepted a ride from a stranger .
dci special agent bill kietzman said tuesday that the body .
of 42-year-old suspect michael klunder was found monday night with a red toyota .
tundra pickup at a rural property northeast of dayton .
kietzman said authorities have begun focusing their search .
for kathlynn to locations within 20 miles of dayton , including klunder 's .
residence .
previously , the search covered up to 100 square miles of .
mostly rural areas .
authorities have also coordinated with the fbi to update .
electronic billboards around the state with information about the search .
kietzman would not elaborate on the likelihood of finding .
kathlynn alive , though he remained optimistic .
` time obviously is not your friend in these kinds of .
situations , ' he said at a news conference .
` our plan is that we 're going to .
find her alive .
that 's our hope .
' the 12-year-old girl , who has not been identified , told .
investigators she and kathlynn were taken to an agricultural facility .
but she .
was able to escape a