a four-year-old boy is in a critical condition after nearly drowning in a cruise ship wave pool .
the youngster was ` swept under ' while swimming in the royal caribbean 's oasis of the seas off the coast of florida and is believed to have been submerged for between five and 10 minutes .
he was initially treated by the ship 's on-board medical staff before the boat altered course and transported him to the broward health medical center in fort launderdale in florida .
cruiseliner : the youngster was ` swept under ' while swimming in the royal caribbean 's oasis of the seas off the coast of florida and is believed to have been submerged for between five and 10 minutes -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
the vessel was an hour into its journey the incident took place .
a passenger on the deck alerted another swimmer when they noticed the child was under the water .
they then grabbed the boy from underneath and dragged him out of the pool unconscious before medics began cpr .
cynthia martinez , a spokeswoman for miami-based royal caribbean cruises ltd , confirmed to the sun-sentinal that the boy from italy ` was rescued from one of the ship 's swimming pools .
' mike jachles , spokesman for broward sheriff fire rescue , said that firefighters were told the ship was returning .
he added : ` obviously , one can only imagine that somebody sets sail on a vacation an hour in , to turn around to something like this .
our thoughts and prayers are with the family and with the child .
` we hope the child will recover .
' the boy , who has yet to be named , was travelling with his two parents and siblings and is not believed to be from the south florida area .
it is not known where they were at the time or whether lifeguards are normally stationed at pool side .
martinez said the cruise liner 's care team were providing support for the family and their ` thoughts and prayers were with them ' .
emergency treatment : the boy , from italy , is in a critical condition in the broward health medical center in fort lauderdale , florida .