by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
22:53 est , 22 may 2012 .
| .
updated : .
22:53 est , 22 may 2012 .
fugitive : police have an arrest warrant for the younger nichols , dan , who failed to show up for a pre-trial hearing in a drug case .
police arrested notorious ` mountain man ' dan nichols tuesday on drug charges following a months-long search that came nearly three decades after he and his father kidnapped a world-class athlete .
nichols was taken into custody after phoning the u.s. marshals service and saying he would be in the walmart parking lot in butte between 2pm and 3pm .
nichols showed up as promised in a 1982 red honda prelude with bozeman license plates and was arrested without incident , walsh said .
` he basically turned himself in , ' butte-silver bow sheriff john walsh said .
the sheriff said he did not know why nichols called marshals .
nichols failed to appear in court in march on charges of drug possession and intent to distribute during a rock concert last august in three forks , and jefferson county officials issued a warrant for his arrest .
nichols was 46 at the time of his arrest last year .
federal prosecutors became involved in april , charging nichols with participating in a medical marijuana organization in helena accused of illegally growing and distributing more than $ 1.7 million in pot .
the co-founders of that operation , montana cannabis , are either facing federal drug charges or have made plea deals .
mountain men : don nichols , right , stands with his son , dan nichols , left , as they pleaded not guilty in court in virginia city , montana in 1984 .
standing with them is attorney , steve ungar .
it was not immediately clear where nichols had been living the past few months .
he is scheduled to make an initial court appearance on wednesday , and the u.s. marshals service is expected to take custody of him then .
in 1984 , nichols and his father , don nichols , kidnapped biathlete kari swenson .
don nichols planned to make the then 22-year-old swenson his son 's wife .
the father-son duo made international headlines three decades ago when they abducted swenson , a world-class biathlete