arsene wenger admits he was worried about his players being ` on the edge physically ' before mathieu debuchy was sent off during arsenal 's 1-0 champions league qualifier win against besiktas .
alexis sanchez 's first gunners goal was enough to put his side into the champions league group stages on wednesday night , but it did n't go all arsenal 's way .
arsenal had to finish the match with 10 men after mathieu debuchy was sent off for collecting a second yellow card when the frenchman dragged mustafa pektemek to the ground with 15 minutes left to play .
video scroll down for arsene wenger : red card was harsh , giroud out until december .
flashpoint : mathieu debuchy -lrb- left -rrb- looks to confront the referee after the match is finished .
off you go : debuchy is shown a red card for a foul on mustafa pektemek in the second half .
wenger said : ' i was very worried because you never know as we have some players on the edge physically .
' i thought it was very harsh because debuchy played the ball and maybe with the anger from our side on the bench we saw he played the ball .
the referee was on the other side .
the arsenal boss also expressed his relief at arsenal qualifying success as they now await thursday afternoon 's champions league draw .
he added : ` it is unthinkable until it happens then everyone thinks why it 's happened , but now it 's a weight off our shoulders .
' portugal 's pedro proenca is one of europe 's most experienced referess but had a poor night .
he missed two besiktas penalties for fouls by mathieu debuchy and jack wilshere , then sent off debuchy for an innocuous challenge which he deemed to be a second yellow .
proenca cautioned sub calum chambers for coming on without permission -- technically correct but not in keeping with a referee of his standing .
off the mark : alexis sanchez -lrb- centre -rrb- celebrates scoring arsenal 's winning goal against besiktas .
unhappy : gunners boss arsene wenger thought the second yellow was ` very harsh ' video sanchez showed fighting spirit - wenger .