tim sherwood and chris ramsey may become a united force again in seasons to come .
they could continue as rival managers .
whatever happens , they will remember this night when they went toe to toe for 90 minutes of top-flight football .
there was adrenaline , action , twists and turns .
it was good to see two english coaches who have come up through the ranks against each other in a match of this importance .
their teams ' premier league statuses were not decided on tuesday night , but this felt like a sliding-doors moment that directed their paths .
tim sherwood and chris ramsey embrace each other as they met at villa park on tuesday night .
there was adrenaline , action , twists and turns as ramsey and sherwood went head to head at villa park .
queens park rangers led , then aston villa led , then charlie austin gave qpr a taste of victory before christian benteke wiped it away with his hat-trick goal .
it was absorbing stuff on the pitch as well as in the technical areas , where sherwood and ramsey stood .
they shuffled and shouted , cajoled and pointed .
never during the match did they exchange glances , perhaps too afraid to look the other in the eye and give the game away .
sherwood and ramsey 's relationship was forged over four years at tottenham .
they helped bring through young talent ; sherwood predominantly picking and motivating , ramsey mainly coaching .
harry kane , ryan mason and nabil bentaleb are part of their spurs legacy .
now premier league bosses , they still live 10 minutes apart in bedfordshire and buckinghamshire .
they have been for pints this season and will do so again in the future no doubt , unpicking this game that had so much at stake .
sherwood tore his jacket off as he celebrated his team 's goal en route to christian benteke 's hat-trick .
sherwood throws his jacket as he celebrates the goal at villa park in the relegation battle .
sherwood was out at pitchside much earlier than his friend and rival , so he waited and watched as ramsey , jacket wrapped around his waist , strode out on his own from tunnel to dugout .
the villa boss extended his hand and there was