the look on u.s. figure skater ashley wagner 's said it all saturday after judges in sochi scored her a 63.10 in her olympic debut .
the look of disgust was in stark contrast to the radiant smile she displayed just moments earlier after completing her routine .
wagner , 22 , clearly believed she 'd pulled off a performance worthy of a high score as she waved , smiled and blew kisses to the audience .
all smiles : ashley wagner of the united states celebrates in the ` kiss and cry ' area during the team ladies short program at the sochi 2014 winter olympics .
shock : wagner reacts to her score after competing in the figure skating team ladies short program during day one of the sochi 2014 winter olympics at iceberg skating palace on february 8 .
but her smile turned upside down when the score came in , which left her in fourth place .
' i know roughly when i skate a good program where the score should end up ... so yeah to score that low was very disappointing for me , ' she said afterwards .
` but honestly this performance was more for myself and mentally getting beyond this past couple of weeks .
and i wanted to do everything i could to help out the team , and i really feel that i delivered on that part .
' wagner may feel that she 's got something to prove after her selection over mirai nagasu sparked a backlash on social media .
nagasu finished third at the national championships in boston last month while wagner finished in fourth place , yet it was she who was selected to the winter olympic team .
waiting game : wagner blows a kiss to spectators as she waits for her results after competing in the women 's team short program figure skating competition .
performane : wagner does her routine at her olympic debut in sochi .
sparkly : wagner donned a bejeweled outfit and performed to shine on you crazy diamond by pink floyd .
` it was on my mind with the media .
frenzy over the last couple of weeks that i needed to prove to myself .
and everybody else that has even doubted my belonging here that i am .
here to compete , to be competitive