by .
bianca london .
published : .
09:07 est , 1 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:12 est , 2 october 2013 .
louise thompson may have been the first made in chelsea starlet to launch her own clothing label but binky felstead is keen to give her co-star a run for her money in the style stakes .
the 24-year-old brunette has unveiled her debut clothing collection with lipstick boutique and showcases her toned new figure in the campaign images .
speaking to mailonline , binky said : ` recently i 've really started to take a much keener interest in fashion .
also , with the girls on the show all being so fashionable , i get lots of inspiration from them .
' new range , new figure : made in chelsea starlet binky felstead showcases her debut clothing range for lipstick boutique .
known for her laid-back , quintessentially ` chelsea ' style , binky has created a collection of easy-to-wear occasion pieces for this year 's party season , with each garment named after an upmarket area in london .
from slashed-to-the-thigh maxis , to smart and sexy separates , the collection aims to offer all the evening looks you 'll need to take you through the season ahead .
with its dark autumnal shades and striking graphic prints , binky wanted her collection to be full of wearable styles that she hopes will take women from cocktails on sloane square , to dinner on the embankment , or a grand ball in knightsbridge .
the bubbly brunette follows in the .
footsteps of lydia rose bright , jessica wright and danielle lloyd , who .
have all designed ranges for lipstick boutique .
stomping ground : binky 's new campaign was shot in none other than chelsea and showcases her laid-back style .
inspired : binky says her fashionable co-stars inspired her to launch her new range and she looks up to rosie fortescue and millie mackintosh 's style .
speaking about the inspiration behind her new range , she said : ` my style is pretty casual and laid back , and people on twitter kept asking me if i was going to bring out my own collection , and that they loved the stuff i wore , so i thought i 'd try a few things and see