the family of an american hostage killed in a us drone strike gave his al qaeda captors money in a failed bid to guarantee his release , a report suggests .
it has also been claimed dr warren weinstein , from rockville , maryland , and a fellow aid worker were used as a shield to protect a senior al qaeda operative while in captivity .
the 73-year-old was killed alongside giovanni lo porto during an anti-terrorist strike on the afghanistan-pakistan border intended to kill members of the group .
his family yesterday slammed their response to his abduction , and it has now been claimed that they transferred an undisclosed amount of money to his kidnappers two years before his death .
a source in pakistan who was in regular contact with the captors told cnn that after the money exchanged hands , they started demanding the release of prominent afghan prisoners .
they included the ` poster girl ' for jihad dr. aafia siddiqui - who is currently serving an 86-year prison sentence in the united states for the attempted murder of a united states army captain .
sources suggest the family of american hostage dr warren weinstein , who was killed during a us drone strike in january , gave money to his kidnappers .
his wife elaine -lrb- right -rrb- has already slammed the us government 's response to his abduction .
after the money allegedly changed hands , the captors are said to have demanded the release of prominent afghan prisoners , including the ` poster girl ' for jihad dr. aafia siddiqui - who is currently serving an 86-year prison sentence in the united states .
he said they were professional during the transactions and they connected themselves to other abductions - including that of murdered journalist james foley .
the source told cnn the militants would call him on a daily basis and when he last spoke to them in early april , they said weinstein was still alive .
however they did not provide a proof of life .
when they stopped calling , cnn 's source could not contact them as he had no phone number for the captors .
he did not reveal how much money had been handed over .
according to cbs news ' david martin , dr weinstein and mr lo porto may have been used to