by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
21:52 est , 6 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
22:22 est , 6 april 2013 .
the daughter of a west virginia sheriff gunned down while sitting in his patrol car believes there 's a ` strong possibility ' he was killed because of his dedicated fight against drugs .
mingo county sheriff walter crum took office only three months before he was shot at point-blank range on wednesday while eating lunch in his marked vehicle .
` my dad fought tirelessly against drug abuse .
he just wanted to clean up the county and make it a better place to live , ' his daughter , julie hall , told cnn on saturday .
motive : julie hall , the daughter of slain mingo county sheriff walter e crum has revealed her suspected belief that he was killed because of his active fight against illegal drug trading .
targeted : mingo county sheriff eugene crum was gunned down where he usually parked and ate lunch in williamson , west virginia leading many to suspect it was a targeted attack .
crum had a reputation for targeting drug dealers , a campaign promise those who knew him say he worked to uphold .
police say 37-year-old tennis melvin maynard shot crum while he was parked in a place he usually took his lunches .
it was a witness ' 911 call offering maynard 's license plate number that rushed a sheriff 's deputy to the scene .
after a high-speed chase , the suspect crashed his suv .
when he got out and pulled a handgun , the deputy fired , leading to the suspect 's hospitalization .
because he is heavily medicated authorities say his statements have remained inconsistent .
authorities have yet to release a motive for the slaying .
they say the handgun used against crum was confirmed as the one found in maynard 's possession .
carrying on his legacy : rosie crum will take over the sheriff 's department for her murdered husband eugene crum .
suspect : tennis melvin maynard , 37 , is suspected of killing of sheriff crum before fleeing the scene and becoming shot and wounded by a mingo county sheriff 's deputy .
` things are still under investigation at this time .
we really are unsure ,