a ` conveyor belt ' of winter storms heading for the uk is set to batter the country with heavy rain and wind throughout the week .
the bad weather will be blown in from the atlantic this evening , with winds of 50mph expected in parts of the country overnight in the first of a ` succession ' of storms .
heavy downpours and a drop in temperature will continue over the weekend after one of the warmest autumns on record , forecasters said this morning .
the met office has issued a yellow rain warning for parts of the south west and wales , with strong gusts expected to batter the region .
scroll down for video .
cold fog and clear skies were seen across parts of the country this morning as forecasters predict heavy rain and winds for the rest of the week .
mist rolled over fields in ombersley , worcestershire , today in the first signs of winter .
sunrise over calm water in ombersley , worcestershire , this morning .
the calm weather is soon to be disrupted by encroaching storms , forecasters have warned , with yellow rain warnings issued to parts of britain and winds of 50mph expected this evening .
clear skies over ombersley , worcestershire , this morning .
the west midlands can expect rain today with most of the country , with the south west and wales to be worst affected by the incoming storms .
there will be breaks in the bad weather on wednesday and thursday , with quieter conditions expected across most of the country similar to those in the west midlands today .
` the band of rain will edge into the south west and parts of northern ireland this afternoon , then progress eastwards , ' kate brown , a met office forecaster said .
` on tuesday there is a yellow rain warning in place for those parts of the country from just after midnight although there will be some rain beforehand .
` it 's a succession of wet weather , an unsettled picture .
tonight is just one rain band that will move north and eastwards over britain , ' she added .
` thursday looks like it may be a quieter day , there 's probably going to be a fairly decent dry day but thursday into friday we