by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
07:32 est , 10 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
09:13 est , 10 december 2012 .
an unexpected new proposal put forward by arab states to create sweeping governmental powers to regulate the internet today raised fears of an expansion of online censorship .
the plan , co-signed by russia , china , saudi arabia , algeria and the united arab emirates , caused deep divisions when it was revealed over the weekend at a global conference which is attempting to re-write a longstanding treaty on web regulation .
a leaked draft of the russia-led .
proposals would block some internet locations and wrest control of allotting web addresses from a u.s.-based body .
it could allow governments to render .
websites within their borders inaccessible , even via proxy servers , and create multinational pacts in which .
countries could terminate access to websites at each others ' request .
a controversial proposal for a new treaty which would give countries more powers to block websites and monitor emails has been put forward by a group of arab states at a global conference in dubai -lrb- above -rrb- .
the coalition also wants the new treaty to .
include measures to combat spam email , but its definition of spam is so .
broad that it could be applied to almost any emailed message .
that would provide a pretext for .
authoritarian regimes to suppress opponents , critics warn .
russia and its supporters , which include many african and arab states , seek to formally extend the remit of the international telecommunication union -lrb- itu -rrb- to govern many aspects of the internet .
but the united states , europe and other allies including australia and japan insist the treaty should continue to apply only to traditional telecommunications such as international wireline and wireless calls .
the proposals have caused a deep rift between the 193 nations at the conference as the west is calling for lighter regulation of the internet .
countries can opt out of parts of the revised treaty when it emerges or refuse to sign it altogether .
` if we have no agreement it will create political tension around the internet , ' said markus kummer , vice president for public policy at industry think tank the internet society .