after winning a silver medal in a thrilling team olympic equestrian event , one could expect zara phillips to be riding high today .
and the queen 's granddaughter has just the vehicle for it - a gleaming 26-ton , sky-blue ` super-lorry ' which has proved crucial to her preparations for the games .
she has regularly been seen at the wheel of the huge oakley supremacy ` horsebox ' vehicle , which costs # 500,000 .
nice wheels : olympic silver medal-winner zara phillips has driven to events in a 26-ton ` super-lorry ' which can transport horses as well as humans .
in the driving seat : the queen 's granddaughter has regularly been seen at the wheel of the lorry .
the transport method of choice for all but one of zara 's medal-winning team , it has room for six horses and six human companions to sleep comfortably .
the vehicle comes with a double bed and a fully equipped bathroom , complete with shower , toilet and his and hers washbasins .
modern appliances can be found in the kitchen , including a dishwasher , a fridge , a freezer , an oven and a microwave .
the gadgets are concealed in walnut cabinets , found beneath stylish granite worktops .
cooking is done on a diesel hob .
huge : the gleaming sky-blue lorry weighs 26 tons and can accommodate six horses and six humans .
success story : the lorry is the transport method of choice for all but one of zara 's medal-winning team .
perhaps most impressive of all is the air-conditioned living room , which can slide out to create more space .
it has a plasma television showing satellite programmes and a sound system to provide entertainment on long journeys to events .
at 39ft long , the truck has cameras at the back which relay images to help the driver reverse , as well as ones in each horsebox so they can keep an eye on the animals .
show : zara phillips takes bbc sports presenter clare balding on a tour of the extraordinary vehicle .
mod cons : the lorry 's kitchen has granite worktops , an oven , a dishwasher , a fridge , a freezer and a microwave .
clean living : the bathroom has a shower , a toilet , and his