apple co-founder steve ` woz ' wozniak is set to join the teaching staff at sydney 's university of technology after accepting his first ever adjunct appointment .
the appointment marks the first time wozniak , who invented the first apple computer in a garage with steve jobs , has taken up an adjunct professor role in any university across the world .
wozniak has been working with staff and students in the university 's ` magic lab ' - part of the centre for innovation and enterprise research , which looks at robotics and artificial intelligence .
scroll down for video .
apple co-founder steve ` woz ' wozniak is set to join the teaching staff at sydney 's university of technology after accepting his first ever adjunct appointment .
` woz loves the energy , the vibe and the robots in the magic lab , ' lab director professor mary-anne williams said .
` he beams in on our telepresence device to chat with students , share his latest ideas and entertain with jokes and the occasional prank .
` woz constantly highlights the new possibilities for technology to change the world and enjoys sharing his insights and experiences .
the students have been totally wowed by the attention he has given them -- one claiming he had changed her life in less than 60 seconds .
' the appointment marks the first time wozniak -lrb- left -rrb- , who invented the first apple computer out of a garage with steve jobs -lrb- right -rrb- , has taken up an adjunct professor role in any university across the world .
wozniak is widely credited for inventing the apple i and apple ii computers back in 1976 .
` it 's hard to imagine a more iconic mentor for uts students than one of the most influential technology pioneers of the modern era , '' uts deputy vice-chancellor -lrb- research -rrb- professor glenn wightwick said .
` his history aside , steve wozniak remains a leading voice in innovation and a promoter of creativity and ingenuity , especially among the young technologists who will take the next step , ' prof williams said .
` woz is a strong advocate for technology and its impact on society .
wozniak -lrb- right -rrb- , pictured here with steve jobs -lrb- left -rrb- and apple president john sculley -lrb- middle -rrb-