louis van gaal has played down his role in the development of jose mourinho , insisting the chelsea manager became the special one all by himself .
van gaal faces the toughest test of his reign as manchester united manager on sunday when unbeaten league leaders chelsea come to old trafford .
in the away dugout will be a man van gaal first crossed paths with 17 years ago when the dutchman offered the then 34-year-old coach a position on his coaching staff at barcelona .
video scroll down to watch jose mourinho say louis van gaal deserves his chance .
manchester united manager louis van gaal has played down his role in jose mourinho 's success as a boss .
van gaal insists chelsea manager mourinho -lrb- pictured -rrb- became the special one all by himself .
mourinho spent three years by van gaal 's side and the relationship worked perfectly , with barca winning two primera division titles and the copa del rey while the two men were stationed in the home dugout .
mourinho has since forged a hugely successful career of his own which has yielded an astounding 20 trophies to date .
the portuguese often credits a lot of his success to van gaal and his other mentor sir bobby robson , but the manchester united manager thinks the main reason behind mourinho 's success is the man himself .
` he talks about louis van gaal and also bobby robson , and i appreciate that , but you always do it by yourself , ' van gaal said .
' i was also an apprentice when i was the assistant coach of leo beenhakker -lrb- at ajax -rrb- and it 's good that my eyes were also open at that time .
` and it 's good that jose mourinho 's eyes were very open when he was my assistant , but you do it by yourself .
' mourinho has riled many leading figures in football , whether it be in portugal , italy , spain or england .
just three weeks ago he was tussling with arsene wenger , the man he called a ` specialist in failure ' in february .
mourinho , then inter milan manager , greets van gaal , who was boss of bayern munich at the time .
the 51-year-old has been viewed as a somewhat arrogant