by .
jack doyle .
published : .
18:35 est , 27 march 2012 .
| .
updated : .
03:34 est , 28 march 2012 .
radical preacher : unlike italy , britain has dithered over deporting abu qatada -lrb- above -rrb- because of a judgement blocking the move by the european court of human rights .
for years , successive governments have insisted that extremist preacher abu qatada can not be kicked out of britain , claiming it would breach his human rights .
perhaps we should have looked to italy as an example .
yesterday the european court of human rights admitted it is effectively powerless to intervene in the case of a convicted terrorist deported from italy .
although the strasbourg court ordered that compensation be paid to mohamed mannai , who was sent home to tunisia in 2010 in breach of a court order , officials said they are unable to force italy to take him back .
a spokesman said : ` once the applicant has been deported there is nothing much we can do because he is in tunisia , a country that is not part of the european court of human rights .
' last night , the ruling prompted calls for ministers to follow italy 's example and deport qatada .
the government has argued the radical islamist -- described by a judge as osama bin laden 's right hand man in europe -- can not be removed to his home country of jordan because of an echr judgment .
the court 's judges said qatada could not hope to receive a fair trial there because it would likely be based on evidence obtained by torture .
but dominic raab , tory mp for esher and walton , said : ` the italian and french governments have a track record of ignoring strasbourg in deportation cases where there is a risk of torture with precious little consequence .
flawed ruling : conservative mp dominic raab -lrb- above -rrb- says britain should send qatada back to jordan immediately .
` in the qatada case , strasbourg went well beyond existing human rights law .
having bent over backwards to accommodate this flawed ruling , we now need to put him on a flight to jordan without delay .
' mannai was jailed for five years and four months in october 2006 after