roger baker , 66 , ran his vet practice in whitstable , kent , for 40 years but injected himself with a legal drug after becoming ` overwhelmed ' with debt .
a vet killed himself with a lethal injection of a drug used to put animals down after becoming ` overwhelmed ' by debts , an inquest heard .
roger baker , 66 , successfully ran his veterinary practice in whitstable , kent , for 40 years but became overwhelmed by vat debts and inland revenue demands which threatened to close his business .
the father-of-three was found dead in a shed close to his practice on april 19 by his wife and son after they went looking for him when he failed to return home , an inquest heard today .
he had left several suicide notes on his desk , which were each contained neatly in envelopes and addressed to his family members , including his wife georgina .
a post-mortem examination revealed he died from a fatal overdose of a drug usually used to euthanise animals , and cctv footage showed him unlocking the dangerous drugs cabinet and taking out several bottles and syringes prior to his death .
mr baker 's wife told the inquest at north east kent coroner 's court today that her husband had refused to disclose the scale of his financial difficulties to her .
the 65-year-old said she was ` unaware ' of the letters from inland revenue , but said that her husband would have not wanted to cease trading because he would be deemed ' a complete failure ' .
she told the hearing : ` he had no intention of retiring .
if he could n't do that anymore , to him , life would not be worth living .
' mrs baker said she , along with her son christopher , 30 , found the suicide notes on her husband 's desk having let themselves into his surgery when he failed to return home from work .
she told the coroner said : ` as soon as i read the first line , i knew immediately what had happened .
' her son added : ` it was obvious to me it was a suicide note from a man who was depressed and did n't want to carry on .
' the pair called 999 and