daley blind 's only previous visit to anfield came as a wide-eyed 10-year-old when his footballing father danny secured tickets for a game against arsenal from jari litmanen , a former team-mate who had signed for liverpool .
among the players on view were steven gerrard , michael owen and thierry henry .
` it left a great impression on me , ' said blind .
` as a young boy from holland who loved football , i just took everything in .
the crowd noise and atmosphere were crazy .
it was a special day .
' at lunchtime on sunday , blind will return to anfield for the first time with his new manchester united team-mates .
this year 's clash carries even greater significance than usual with a champions league place at stake and for blind it carries on the family tradition of being involved in big matches .
daley blind -lrb- right -rrb- will play at anfield for the first time with manchester united on sunday afternoon .
blind is enjoying his time in manchester but admits he had to adapt to the pace of the premier league .
the 25-year-old scores his first goal for united to salvage a 2-2 draw against west brom in october last year .
his father played 42 times for holland and was captain of ajax 's legendary 1995 champions league-winning side alongside patrick kluivert , edgar davids and edwin van der sar .
it was a first major triumph for an emerging manager called louis van gaal who clearly likes the blind family .
almost two decades later , he selected daley for holland 's world cup team last summer and then signed him for manchester united in a # 14million deal from ajax .
it has been an eventful debut in the premier league for both of them .
manchester united 's results have been far better than last season when they finished seventh under david moyes .
they visit anfield having lost just twice in 19 league games .
at the same time , their performances until last weekend 's 3-0 victory against spurs had been patchy with new signings like angel di maria and radamel falcao struggling .
blind has been a steadying influence , his versatility useful as van gaal has tried to juggle injuries and suspensions .
the 25-year-old has been used mostly as