sloped roof means 600 fans wo n't be able to see teenager 's full routine in 10m diving events .
nearly 5,000 ticket holders affected across eight sessions of diving .
big television screens in the arena are their only hope of seeing all the action .
they are some of the hottest tickets of the london 2012 olympics - but many fans who splashed out # 50 to see home favourite tom daley in action are in for a shock .
the sloping roof at the aquatics centre means hundreds of spectators in the top section of a bank of temporary seating will find their view blocked .
as these pictures show , the roof obstructs the top of the 10m diving board , meaning unlucky spectators wo n't be able to see the most spectacular flips and twists of tom 's routine .
they will only be able to see the home favourite 's entry into the water .
scroll down for video .
cleaners prepare the olympic aquatics centre but notice the obstructed view of the 10m platform board from the back of the stand .
diving fans who forked out up to # 50 to watch tom daley from these seats in the aquatics centre wo n't be able to see much of his routine .
daley , 18 , will compete alongside .
pete waterfield in the 10m synchronised platform event .
the pair are .
hotly tipped to win gold on monday july 30 .
they will both also compete individually in the 10m synchronised event , which takes place over two days on august 10 and 11 .
those with tickets in the upper section of the arena for the women 's 10m events will also be affected .
the team event - featuring british athletes tonia crouch and sarah .
barrow - takes place on july 31 , with the individual competition on .
august 8 and 9 .
fans with tickets to the 3m springboard events should get a clear view from all seats .
in total , eight sessions of diving events will be affected by the obstruction , meaning nearly 5,000 ticket holders will have an obstructed view .
scroll down to see the full list .
locog sold tickets to olympic events without allowing fans to choose their seats from a plan , instead entering successful applicants into