by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
12:43 est , 2 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
12:44 est , 2 september 2012 .
the organizers of a high school reunion are embroiled in a tense war of words after they sent out invitations to segregated parties .
ever since they graduated from st. martinville senior high school in 1973 , alumni have attended separate receptions based on their race .
this year was supposed to put an end to the segregated parties , however , but the invitation was sent out before the changes were made so now people are outraged at the continually-outdated and offensive practice .
scroll down for video .
welcome back to the past : the school has carried out a tradition of having segregated events for decades now but this year was supposed to change that .
empty of the holidays : when homecoming weekend happens in late september the louisiana school will be busier than now .
` this year , 2012 , was going to be the first year that we were going to integrate it , ' organizer liza chance told local abc affiliate katc .
` it needs to go forward , i do n't understand why it went the way it did .
' the letter , which was sent to graduates by mail but also posted online , said that the ` after game get together ' that was scheduled to take place at an individual 's house on friday september 21 would be open to ` white graduates only ' .
by contrast , the homecoming game at the school was open to ` all graduates ' .
the big anniversary : graduates of the class of 1973 were invited back to the school for their 40th anniversary .
exclusionary : the post-game party at an alums house is only open to ` white graduates only ' the principal of the school , which sits just outside lafayette , louisiana , says that while he feels that the segregated receptions damage the school 's reputation , he has no control over the events since they are planned by an outside committee .
` we have our reception here at the school and all of the graduates are invited , ' principal michael kreamer told the station .
` i 'm just a little