by .
lizzie parry .
a six-year-old who has endured more than 30 operations has been given a new lease of life , saved by her grandmother who donated a kidney .
ella chadwick was born with the rare congenital nephrotic syndrome , and had both of her kidneys removed when she was 19 months old .
the youngster has had 38 operations and was facing having dialysis treatment for the rest of her life .
when a kidney transplant from her father martin failed in october 2010 , ella 's parents gave up hope .
ella chadwick was born with the rare condition congenital nephrotic syndrome , which caused her to suffer kidney failure at 19 months .
both her kidneys were removed and she was put on dialysis until her father martin donated one of his kidneys .
when the organ donated by mr chadwick failed , ella 's parents gave up hope .
but her grandmother christine chadwick -lrb- pictured with ella -rrb- stepped forward offering to donate one of her kidneys to help the six-year-old .
but ella 's grandmother , christine chadwick , stepped in and offered to be a donor .
the 58-year-old was found to be a match for her young granddaughter and the operation took place at great ormond street hospital in london .
ella 's mother karen hughes , 33 , from manchester , said : ` it 's been an incredibly difficult time for us as a family but it 's such a relief to see her up and about .
` we did n't know if she would be strong enough for the operation right up until they cut her open .
` ella was on dialysis at home until she was strong enough , but after the first transplant failed we barely dared hope this time round .
` christina was so brave volunteering to give her a kidney - as soon as they said it she was happy to get tested there and then .
' i did n't dare dream we would ever get to this point , never mind how well she has done .
ella is definitely one amazing little girl .
' the concerned parents first took ella to the doctors with her condition when she was just three weeks old , when they noticed she had a red ` outie ' belly