they are the favourite playgrounds of the rich and famous , so it is no surprise that the stars turned out for the opening of the london boat show .
nicole scherzinger was among the celebrities in attendance as london unveiled some of the world 's sleekest superyachts for the anuual boat show .
almost 400 boats were unveiled at london 's excel centre for the start of the show , but centre stage went to the sunseeker 28 metre yacht measuring 92ft and costing # 4,763,000 , excluding vat .
scroll down for video .
the london boat show opens to the public on saturday and will last for nine days , showcasing almost 400 vessels .
nicole scherzinger was on hand to open the show for sunseeker , one of the world 's most famous motoryacht manufacturers , based in poole .
the sumptuous motorboat has wrap-around windows for the perfect sea views , a full marble kitchen , luxurious wood-panelled suites and two decks with sun loungers at both the bow and stern .
for those whose budgets wo n't quite stretch to that , the sunseeker 75 yacht is a snip at # 2,162,000 and comes with a lounge and dining area , full kitchen , marble bathroom , three double suites and a twin bed guest cabin .
sunseeker international produces a range of 40ft-155ft luxury yachts which are popular with celebrities .
formula one boss eddie jordan owns one of its 155 yachts , the largest private motor yacht built in the uk .
sunseeker yachts have also featured in four consecutive james bond films - the world is not enough , die another day , casino royale and quantum of solace .
along with smaller vessels , the show will highlight some of the most luxurious new superyachts on the market .
the sunseeker 28 is one of the stars of teh show , featuring glamorous suites inside as well as multiple sundecks .
the sunseeker 28 is fitted with all the most luxurious extras , from cream sofas and a marble kitchen to a dinish table and several bathrooms .
the nine-day show will see 83 debut boats unveiled by designers and millionaire sailing fans shopping for their latest toys .
while the great and the good can book exclusive appointments for a glass of bubbly on the biggest boast , the