turkish police raided media outlets linked to u.s.-based muslim cleric fethullah gulen today and detained 23 journalists and television producers .
the operation acted against what president tayyip erdogan claims is a network conspiring to topple him .
the raids on zaman newspaper and samanyolu television marked an escalation of mr erdogan 's battle with former ally mr gulen .
turkish police arrested 23 journalists and television producers in raids on media outlets linked to u.s.-based muslim cleric fethullah gulen today .
staff and supporters of zaman newspaper shout slogans as editor-in-chief ekrem dumanli , centre , is arrested by counter-terror police at the newspaper headquarters in istanbul today .
he has been in open conflict with gulen since a graft investigation targeting mr erdogan 's inner circle emerged a year ago .
` the free press can not be silenced , ' a crowd chanted outside zaman 's offices as its editor ekrem dumanli made a speech defiantly challenging police to detain him - as hidayet karaca , the chairman of samanyolu tv , was arrested in istanbul .
just before his arrest , mr karaca told reporters : ` this is a shameful sight for turkey .
` sadly in 21st century turkey , this is the treatment they dish out to a media group with tens of television and radio stations , internet media and magazines .
' arrest warrants had reportedly been issued for 32 people .
a man holds a placard that reads ' a time for democracy ' as people gather in support outside zaman newspaper in istanbul , turkey .
supporters of cleric fethullah gulen read the koran and newspapers as they wait outside a courthouse after turkish police began an operation targeting the media .
state broadcaster trt haber said 23 people were detained in raids across the country , including two former police chiefs .
as well as mr karaca , a television producer , a director and scriptwriters were held .
mr erdogan introduced many democratic reforms in his first years in power and curbed army involvement in politics after his ak party was elected in 2002 .
nato allies often cited turkey , a candidate for the eu , as an example of a successful muslim democracy .
but more recently critics have accused the president of intolerance of dissent and , increasingly , a divisive reversion to islamist