by .
anthony bond .
published : .
13:13 est , 10 may 2012 .
| .
updated : .
15:51 est , 10 may 2012 .
a pair of teenage twin girls have been banned from a market town for repeatedly causing mayhem over a three-year period .
the 18-year-old pair are not allowed to enter west malling 's historic centre after being handed a two-year asbo by magistrates .
sevenoaks magistrates court heard that chelsea shannon scott and her twin sister leonie vicky scott , of eccles , caused a repeated nuisance and committing numerous public order offences in the west malling and aylesford areas .
nuisance : twins chelsea shannon scott , left , and leonie vicky scott , right , have been banned from west malling 's historic centre for repeatedly causing mayhem .
after hearing of a litany of offences which have occurred over the past three years , including assault on police officers , criminal damage , shoplifting and harassment , the magistrates granted the asbo , which runs from may 9 , 2012 , to may 8 , 2014 .
the order bans the twin girls from entering west malling town centre , eaton place in larkfield and tesco in lunsford park , aylesford .
the asbo also prohibits the pair from being a passenger in a car driven by their friend amee keller-bond , except on monday , tuesday and wednesday between 6am and 9pm .
after the hearing , chief inspector jon kirby said : ` anti-social behaviour orders are served to protect the public from individuals who repeatedly cause a nuisance .
` hopefully , by granting this asbo , it will make the scott twins realise the consequences of their actions .
banned : the 18-year-old pair are not allowed to enter west malling 's historic centre , pictured , after being handed a two-year asbo by magistrates .
` it limits their freedom to enter the town of west malling , eaton place and tesco in larkfield , which will hopefully deter future offending .
` such offences are a blight on the town of west malling and i and my colleagues are committed to clamping down on such nuisance behaviour , wherever it occurs .
` we want to enforce acceptable levels of behaviour and take action against the minority of people who are intent on intimidating