by .
hugo gye .
a british grandmother on her dream holiday in brazil died after she slipped on a walkway overlooking one of the world 's largest waterfalls .
shirley baldry , a retired teacher , was visiting the 270ft iguazu falls on the argentinian border when she fell and broke her arm , an inquest heard .
she was flown to hospital in rio de janeiro , where doctors put a pin in her arm - but the 79-year-old from tyne and wear died just a few days later , after the shock caused her to have a heart attack .
accident : shirley baldry , pictured in front of the taj mahal with husband ted , died in brazil last november .
paying tribute to his wife of 60 years , husband ted said : ' i loved everything about her , absolutely everything .
she was just so important to me and everybody loved her .
' an inquest in newcastle heard that mrs baldry had been on holiday with her daughter stephanie in november last year when she suffered the accident .
stephanie was initially told that the operation had gone well , but mrs baldry 's condition continued to deteriorate and she died shortly afterwards .
a post-mortem carried out in britain revealed that she had been suffering from ischaemic heart disease , exacerbated by the shock of the fall and her hospitalisation .
danger : the retired teacher slipped and fell while visiting the iguazu falls , pictured , on the border with argentina .
pathologist clive bloxham told the inquest : ' i am inclined to put it as a contributing factor .
it is recent and may have influenced the timing of what is essentially a heart attack .
' coroner karen dilks recorded a verdict of accidental death .
` when i kissed her goodbye at kings cross i did not realise it would be the last time , ' said mr baldry , 82 .
` we had both wanted to go to brazil .
i could not and she had the air miles , and she went with stephanie .
she had the chance so i said go - it was only meant to be for five to six days .
' mrs baldry was a keen fitness fan , and could often be seen running along the