a university learning specialist has received death threats and hateful messages after she exposed shockingly low academic levels among revenue athletes the university of north carolina .
mary willingham found that between eight and ten per cent of college 's football and basketball players had a reading level of a third grader .
by studying eight years of test scores from university of carolina 's revenue sports players , she found that a majority had a reading level between fourth and eighth grade .
whistleblower : mary willingham has received death threats since she exposed the shockingly low reading levels of revenue sports players at the university of north carolina .
` we may as well go over to the elementary school up the street and let the fourth-graders and third-graders in here , ' she told cnn .
ms willingham looked at 183 revenue sports players at the unc between 2004 and 2012 , and found that between eight and 10 per cent read below fourth grade level and 60 per cent between fourth and eighth grade level .
ms willingham also discovered that up to 25 per cent of basketball and football athletes did not have the reading level to study at a community college , let alone at a university .
in the two days which have passed since her findings were published as part of a wider investigation by cnn , ms willingham has received four death threats and 30 ` alarming messages ' ` not people who disagree , people who put in the subject or body -lrb- of the e-mail -rrb- straight-up hate speech , ' she said .
moneymakers : the unc football and basketball teams generate multi-million dollar profits for the college .
early in her career as a learning specialist , mary willingham was in her office when a basketball player at the university of north carolina walked in looking for help with his classwork .
football and basketball are the two sports that generate revenue for the university with men 's basketball team alone making a $ 16.9 million profit in 2012 .
ms willingham , who also worked as a learning specialist for athletes from 2003 to 2010 , told cnn of one example of a basketball player at the unc who was completely illiterate , and another who could not read multisyllabic words , despite unc at chapel