by .
beth stebner .
published : .
13:01 est , 4 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:03 est , 4 february 2013 .
the u.s. department of energy suffered a major security breach after a large cyber-attack that targeted computer networks , it was revealed today .
the washington free beacon reported that an unknown group targeted the government organization two weeks ago and harvested the personal information of several hundred of its employees .
while the agency says that no confidential data was compromised , experts said that attackers could have been targeting that data .
scroll down for letter to government employees .
breach : the washington headquarters of the energy department faced a ` sophisticated ' cyber-attack two weeks ago .
sinister intent ?
a source said that no classified information was compromised , though there is some evidence that the hackers could have been after it .
the free beacon reports that officials from the energy department and the fbi are investigating the ` sophisticated ' attack at the government agency 's washington headquarters , and are looking into possible motives for the attack .
a source told the paper that no classified information was compromised , though there is some evidence that the hackers could have been after it .
among other things , the department includes the national nuclear security administration , which manages nuclear power and weapons .
bill gibbons , the deputy press secretary for the energy department , told mailonline that the organization is ` letting the letter of the incident speak for itself , ' and added that he could comment no further on the matter .
the letter , which may be read in full below , was sent out to doe workers last friday afternoon .
in the note , the department reveals that the full extent of the cyber-hacking was unknown .
the free beacon says that there is also indication that chinese hackers could be to blame .
chinese hackers are believed to have been behind hackings of three top american newspapers .
the new york times , wall street journal , and the washington post were hacked earlier this month .
security experts hired by the new york paper to deal with the security breaches found that the hackers routed the attacks through computers at u.s. universities , installed a strain