police are hunting for a ginger-haired man who raped an 11-year-old girl as she walked home from school .
pictured : a police e-fit of the suspect .
an 11-year-old girl was raped in broad daylight after being dragged into bushes on a secluded footpath as she walked home from school .
the male attacker , described as having ginger hair and wearing a black beanie , carried out the sexual assault in crawley , west sussex , in september this year .
police said the victim was left so distressed by the alleged attack that she only found the courage to report it recently .
the young girl told a member of staff at her school three months after the attack how the man forcibly grabbed her and shoved her into nearby bushes .
the staff member immediately contacted sussex police , which launched an investigation .
detectives have now released an efit , in an attempt to track down the main suspect .
the girl 's attacker is described as aged about 40 , with ginger and grey hair .
he also had ginger face stubble and was wearing a black fleece beanie hat and a knee-length khaki-coloured coat , police said .
although the girl is unable to remember the exact date of the attack , police believe it happened at around 3pm on september 22 .
forensic investigators have scoured the area searching for dna clues the identity of the attacker .
police have also carried out house-to-house inquiries in the area where the attack took place , between blackwater lane and balcombe road .
the young victim and her family are being looked after by specially-trained officers , police say .
detective inspector james norbury , from the surrey and sussex major crime team , said : ` this was an extremely distressing incident for the young victim who has only just built up the courage to report it and she and her family are now being supported by specially trained officers .
` although she ca n't remember the exact day it happened , she believes it is around september 22 .
` it was light and a busy time of day so we are appealing to anyone who might have been in that area of maidenbower around 3pm .
` an e-fit of the suspect has been put together and the rapist is