it was the most emotional and heartfelt acceptance speech of the oscars .
jared leto , who won the best supporting actor award for the dallas buyers club , paid tribute to his mother for encouraging him to believe he could one day become a star .
he said she had pushed him to develop his artistic side and always urged him to ` do something special ' .
scroll down for video .
hippy : constance cradles jared in her lap while shannon looks at the camera .
the boys lived in four different states during their childhood , including a commune in colorado , and then spent 18 months in haiti .
oscar tribute : jared moved the audience in his acceptance speech by paying tribute to his mother -lrb- pictured together here with brother shannon -rrb- , a ` high school dropout and a .
single mom , but somehow she managed to make a better life for herself .
and her children ' inseparable : jared , right , also paid tribute to his ` best friend ' older brother shannon , left .
they have stayed extremely close throughout their lives and started a rock band , 30 seconds to mars , together .
but standing on the stage at hollywood 's dolby theatre soaking up the adoration from his peers could n't be further from his ` dirt poor ' start in life .
up until the age of eight , leto led a transient lifestyle with his ` vagabond , hippy mum ' constance and elder brother shannon .
the boy had been shunted from school to school as the family moved around various states .
during one turbulent period the family even lived in a truck before finding temporary place to stay .
. the family , living in bossier city , louisiana , survived on food stamps and at times were so poor they did not have a television .
but that poverty-stricken beginning was also the making of jared .
he has spoken in the past about how they grew up learning to play instruments with a set on bongos ever present around the home .
dressing up and expressing his artistic side was encouraged by constance , as photos released by jared on blogs and social media sites have revealed .
it was n't until constance met dr carl