by .
sarah griffiths .
published : .
03:56 est , 20 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:00 est , 20 august 2013 .
everyone has been seduced by a squishy new sofa or designer desk in a roomy show room , only to find that they do n't fit in their considerably smaller living room .
but a new app from ikea could save consumers from hacking lumps out of bookcases or sheepishly taking back extra large items to the swedish superstore as it uses augmented reality technology to show consumers what a piece of furniture would look like in their home .
the ' 2014 ikea catalogue app , ' which launches on 25 august , lets customers furnish their home digitally with the help of a traditional paper catalogue .
the ' 2014 ikea catalogue app , ' -lrb- pictured -rrb- which launches on 25 august , lets customers furnish their home digitally with the help of a traditional paper catalogue .
ikea said the technology lets customers virtually place 90 of its products in their rooms ` to enable them to find the perfect fit ' as well as test colours and positioning .
the free app will be available in the apple app store and google play and uses the old-fashioned paper ikea catalogue to judge the approximate scale of the furnishings .
it works by measuring the size of the catalogue itself -lrb- laid on the .
floor in the place where the new item of furniture might go -rrb- in the camera .
the app then creates an augmented reality image of the .
furnishings so it appears correctly in the room .
the free app will be available in the apple app store and google play and uses the old-fashioned paper ikea catalogue to judge the approximate scale of the furnishings .
ikea said : ` customers will be able to see what .
different ikea sofas , chairs , beds , bookcases , chests of drawers and .
desks look like in their rooms virtually , simply by using their mobile .
phone camera .
' research by the home furnishings retailer found many of its customers suffer from ` square peg , round hole syndrome ' as 14 per cent say they have bought the wrong-sized furniture for their rooms .
over 70 per cent of shoppers