a utah-based gun manufacturer has turned down a $ 15 million deal to supply pakistan with precision rifles over concerns they could eventually be used against u.s. troops .
mike davis , sales manager at desert tech , said the company was on a short list for a contract with pakistan , but spurned the opportunity because of unrest in pakistan and ethical concerns .
it was a difficult decision because of the amount of money involved , he said , and the sale of rifles to pakistan would have been legal .
scroll down for video .
` not feeling right about it ' : utah gun manufacturer desert tech -lrb- whose website is pictured above -rrb- has turned down a $ 15m deal to supply pakistan with precision rifles over fears there could be used against u.s. troops .
firearms : three of the rifles being sold by desert tech on its website for between $ 3,000 and $ 5,300 .
` we do n't know that those guns would 've .
went somewhere bad , but with the unrest we just ended up not feeling .
right about it , ' davis told ktvx-tv .
the company , based in the salt lake city suburb of west valley city , was founded in 2007 on the principle of keeping america and its allies safe , he added .
` as a business owner you always want to be successful , but i think ethically and morally you want to go about it the right way and stick behind your founding principles , ' davis told ksl .
weapons sales to allies such as pakistan are nothing new but they can be complicated , especially in a country with an al qaeda presence .
unrest : weapons sales to allies such as pakistan are nothing new but they can be complicated , especially in a country with an al qaeda presence or groups of armed militia like this one -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
the u.s. often targets al qaeda , taliban members and their pakistani supporters in the country 's tribal regions .
` i 've got to admire desert tech for potentially turning down what could have been a very lucrative contract in the interest of protecting american service members , ' said col. steven r watt of the utah national guard .
the rifles can