jamie carragher has heaped praise on liverpool 's resilience after they produced a hard-fought away performance at southampton to take all three points .
brendan rodgers ' side are now 10 games unbeaten in the premier league since a defeat to manchester united in december , and carragher has been impressed with their desire to win .
` it was -lrb- a proper away performance from liverpool -rrb- , and a lot of that came from southampton , who forced and pushed them back , ' sportsmail 's carragher said on sky sports after the match .
liverpool are now 10 games unbeaten since the middle of december , when they lost to manchester united .
philippe coutinho -lrb- centre -rrb- fires home to put liverpool ahead early on in the match at st mary 's .
fraser forster is perilous to stop coutinho 's opening goal , as liverpool went on to beat southampton 2-0 .
` what i 've liked from liverpool , today and midweek -lrb- against besiktas in the europa league -rrb- , is that they were n't at their best in terms of how they 've played with this new system , but they 've fought and got a victory .
they have n't played great , but they won .
` in the last few months since that manchester united game , when things changed - the system , the performances and the results - they 've been superb .
the last two games they have n't been like that , but they 've won .
that 's going back to the liverpool i know when i played .
every time they play , you think they 're going to keep it tight .
' even more impressive , liverpool 's defence has been tight away from home .
the reds have not conceded a goal in the premier league away from anfield since the aforementioned defeat to united in the middle of december .
brendan rodgers has taken his team to two points away from fourth place and the champions league .
jamie carragher -lrb- left -rrb- and thierry henry were complimentary about liverpool 's performance .
` when you do n't play well , you rely on your defenders , and i think that 's five clean sheets now , away ... the best since 1985 , ' carragher continued .
'