a demolition crew made a spectacular blunder after it arrived at the right residential street , at the agreed time but then knocked down the wrong house .
the property near lake worth , texas , had been in david underwood 's family for decades and belonged to his late grandmother .
but when he visited the house on saturday , all that remained was a clean slab of concrete .
this is all that remained of a house near lake worth , texas , after city contractors bulldozed it by mistake .
the property - at 9716 watercress drive - had been in david underwood 's family for decades and belonged to his late grandmother .
it is pictured here four days before it was knocked down on july 12 .
and here 's the one that should have been demolished ... no. 9708 watercress drive -lrb- above -rrb- was the home intended for demolition .
like mr underwood 's house , it had been vacant for some time .
mr underwood , who works for a company that builds community centres , said : ` we came around silver creek looking for .
the lot and my wife said , `` david ... i think the house is gone '' .
` we looked up there and sure enough , it 's gone !
' he told my fox austin .
fort worth authorities , which had contracted the demolition team , admitted the blunder .
` on july 12 , contractors .
demolished the wrong property on watercress drive .
david underwood -lrb- above -rrb- has filed a claim for compensation with the city 's risk management department .
` the property to be .
demolished should have been 9708 watercress dr. ` the property that was .
demolished was a vacant structure located at 9716 watercress dr , ' the .
city 's code compliance office said in a prepared statement .
the confusion may have been due to the fact the underwood property , a three-bed ranch-style family house , was also vacant at the time .
but that is scant consolation for mr underwood and his wife , who planned to refurbish the home and move in .
among items of theirs destroyed were a desk , some books and an antique mirror .
according to a neighbour , 9708 was condemned and had