by .
associated press .
a government scientist cleaning out an old storage room at a research center near washington made a startling discovery last week -- decades-old vials of smallpox packed away and forgotten in a cardboard box .
the six glass vials were intact and sealed , and scientists have yet to establish whether the virus is dead or alive , the centers for disease control and prevention said tuesday .
still , the find was disturbing because for decades after smallpox was declared eradicated in 1980 , world health authorities said the only known samples left were safely stored in super-secure laboratories in atlanta and in russia .
smallpox : this 1975 file electronmicrograph from the centers for disease control shows the smallpox virus .
officials said this is the first time in the u.s. that unaccounted-for smallpox has been discovered .
at least one leading scientist raised the possibility that there are more such vials out there around the world .
the cdc and the fbi are investigating .
it was the second recent incident in which a u.s. government health agency appeared to have mishandled a highly dangerous germ .
last month , scores of cdc employees in atlanta were feared exposed to anthrax because of a laboratory safety lapse .
the cdc began giving them antibiotics as a precaution .
the freeze-dried smallpox samples were found in a building at the national institutes of health in bethesda , maryland , that has been used by the food and drug administration since 1972 , according to the cdc .
the scientist was cleaning out a cold room between two laboratories on july 1 when he made the discovery , fda officials said .
officials said labeling indicated the smallpox had been put in the vials in the 1950s .
but they said it 's not clear how long the vials had been in the building , which did not open until the 1960s .
no one has been infected , and no smallpox contamination was found in the building .
smallpox can be deadly even after it is freeze-dried , but the virus usually has to be kept cold to remain alive and dangerous .
in an interview tuesday , a cdc official said he believed the vials were stored for many years at room temperature , which would suggest the samples are dead .