by .
daily mail reporter .
a gorilla sculpture dressed in a famous freddie mercury costume has been removed from norwich city centre after a charity claimed the animal 's suit breached copyright .
the sculpture - dressed in the queen frontman 's iconic yellow costume - was one of 53 differently designed apes .
which have taken up residence at sites across the city as part of the .
gogogorillas !
project to help raise vital funds for charity .
but it was removed today after the mercury phoenix trust , an aids charity set up in memory of the singer who died in 1991 , said it may take legal action .
bizarre : a gorilla sculpture wearing a freddie mercury costume has been removed from norwich town centre , after a charity claimed the suit the gorilla is wearing breaches copyright .
attraction : the sculpture - one of 53 life-size gorillas around norwich - was dressed in the queen frontman 's iconic yellow outfit as part of a public art trail in the town .
past : freddie mercury in concert wearing the famous yellow suit - the singer died in 1991 .
it asked that the sculpture , called freddie ` radio go go ' gorilla , be removed and repainted .
organisers of the charity art trail , which is raising funds for break , which supports children , young people and families across east anglia , and born free 's project to help lowland gorillas in the congo , removed the sculpture today .
the animals have been produced by local artists over the past year and will be auctioned at the end of the 10-week trail on september 7 .
removal : organisers of the charity art trail have been forced to remove freddie today .
no more : organisers of the charity art trail , which is raising funds for break , removed the sculpture today .
demands : the charity asked that the sculpture , called freddie ` radio go go ' gorilla , be removed and repainted .
the sculpture was painted by local man mik richardson - talking about the sculpture before the copyright storm , mr richardson said : ' i am an avid fan of the group queen and the spark for this design was in the title of ` go go gorillas ' it made