by .
emma glanfield .
mary berry has revealed her unlikely game face by jumping for joy and performing cartwheels in mock celebration of england 's potential world cup glory .
the 79-year-old presenter shows off unbelievable tekkers in the promotional video for the new series of bbc one 's the great british bake off , which returns to screens later this summer .
in the video , the food critic is sat around a table with presenters mel and sue and celebrity baker paul hollywood watching running commentary of an england match .
scroll down for video .
in the video , mary berry is sat around a table with presenters mel and sue and celebrity baker paul hollywood watching running commentary of an england match .
the star can be heard shouting ` come on england ' at the television screen before rushing outside and performing cartwheels in the grounds of the great british bake off tent .
in a nod to peter crouch 's famous ` robot ' celebration , the food critic also replicates the footballer 's moves .
the star can be heard shouting ` come on england ' at the television screen before leaping into the air and screaming for joy when england supposedly score .
she then flees to the outside grounds of the great british bake off headquarters and performs a number of cartwheels -- as her horrified co-stars look on .
in a nod to peter crouch 's famous ` robot ' celebration she also busts some moves before throwing herself onto her knees and celebrating as if she had just scored the world cup winner .
mel and sue , joined by paul hollywood , look startled as they sip cups of tea while joking that she 's ` been on the battenberg again ' .
the 40-second video , being aired on bbc , promotes the new series of the great british bake off .
the 79-year-old star also flung herself to her knees on the grass as if she had just scored a world cup winner .
presenters mel and sue -lrb- above -rrb- and celebrity baker paul hollywood look startled as they sip cups of tea while joking that she 's ` been on the battenberg again '