by .
martin robinson .
published : .
03:23 est , 12 july 2012 .
| .
updated : .
03:42 est , 12 july 2012 .
britain 's border chaos is getting worse as hundreds of rookie staff with no experience are manning immigration desks at heathrow airport in a desperate attempt to cut queues during the olympics , a watchdog said today .
workers brought in to ease congestion in the arrivals hall are actually increasing waiting times because they lack confidence and are too slow at processing passengers , according to john vine , the independent chief inspector of borders and immigration .
with just weeks to go until the games , mr vine added the queues are lengthening even though these amateurs are asking less questions than full time border staff .
chaos : rookie staff with little or no training are manning immigration desks at heathrow during the olympics .
the uk border force is also rehiring ex-employees who left their jobs as it prepares to deal with more than 100,000 passengers a day during the busiest periods of the olympics , he revealed .
some staff ` remained concerned about the potential risks of employing staff on the immigration control who had received only basic training and who had no immigration background/experience ' , mr vine said in his report .
` staff also expressed concerns about similar problems recurring after the olympics , if resources were not sufficient to meet the increasing passenger flows coming through heathrow .
' only yesterday huge queues were building up at .
heathrow airport after half of all the immigration desks .
were shut - even though the olympics are just weeks away .
official figures showed the wait at immigration control for non-eu passengers was 56 minutes despite a 45 minute target .
complaints : border inspector john vine says that problems are getting worse not better .
immigration minister damian green has pledged that all immigration desks at the uk 's largest airport will be staffed during busy times from sunday to avoid what labour mp david winnick said could be a ` national embarrassment ' of long queues .
some 500 extra staff have been drafted in to achieve this , including those who had retired or moved on to other jobs , and all are having a positive impact on queues , the