by .
associated press .
published : .
15:28 est , 6 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
15:56 est , 6 january 2014 .
a former catholic school vice principal says he was fired from the job for marrying his male partner .
mark zmuda said in a youtube video that officials at eastside .
catholic school in seattle , washington said he was being terminated because of his recent .
marriage .
mr zmuda also says the head of the school even suggested that he could .
get a divorce and keep his job .
zmuda says he rejected the idea of .
getting a divorce from husband dana jergens .
scroll down for video .
one of mark zmuda 's students conducted the interview after pupils rallied in support of the vice principal -lrb- pictured center -rrb- and his new husband -lrb- right -rrb- .
school attorney mike patterson says the vice principal agreed in two .
december conversations that he was resigning from the job , not being .
fired .
patterson says the divorce suggestion was a hypothetical idea .
that was never seriously explored .
many students at eastside catholic have rallied in support of zmuda and protested his departure .
one student , catrina chritenden conducted an interview with mr zmuda and his husband mr jergens which was posted to youtube on january 4 .
mr zmuda confirmed that he had been terminated from his job .
he said that he was told by school officials that he was let go because he was ` married to a man which violated catholic teaching ' .
mr zmuda said that although he loved working at the catholic high school and valued its principles , he disagreed on the church 's stance against gay marriage .
he said : ` people do n't choose to be straight or gay , instead they discover it ... i just disagree with the way the church feels on this particular issue .
' more than 30,000 people have now signed an online petition calling on the catholic church to change its policy on gay marriage .
this weekend a rally was held at the catholic archdiocese of seattle in support of the vice principal .
demonstrators held signs reading ` keep mr z ' , ` god is love ' and the remark made by pope