yvonne fletcher , 25 , was shot dead the day after british spies intercepted a libyan order to ` cover the streets of london in blood ' , it was alleged today .
spies at gchq intercepted a message from colonel gaddafi to ` cover the streets of london with blood ' the night before wpc yvonne fletcher was shot dead but failed to pass it on in time , it was alleged today .
mike arnold , 56 , who worked as a technology officer at the british intelligence agency at the time , said he was speaking out now because miss fletcher 's relatives deserved to know ` the truth ' .
the 25-year-old policewoman was fatally shot as she covered an anti-gaddafi protest outside the libyan embassy in central london on 17 april 1984 .
mr arnold alleges that a communications worker at gchq in cheltenham walked into his officer the day miss fletcher died holding two telex messages , which he said had been missed by night staff the evening before .
one message detailed three possible ways of handling the expected protest against the libyan leader the next day .
mr arnold told the times the message contained details of a conversation between the london embassy , known as the people 's bureau , and the ministry of foreign affairs in tripoli .
he said : ' -lsb- the supervisor -rsb- stood in front of me holding the telex paper in his hand and he read the three options to me ... ` the options were to clash directly with the demonstrators from outside the bureau , to fire on them from inside the bureau , or to prevent the demonstration by diplomatic pressure .
' he said the supervisor then read the reply from the libyan foreign ministry which gave the order to follow the second option and ` cover the streets of london with blood ' .
mr arnold , who says he voiced his .
concerns in private to politicians over the past decade , said the .
telexes had already been de-encrypted and translated before they .
arrived , suggesting they had been passed on by the us national security .
agency .
he said gchq night .
staff often slept in the office when they were meant to be working , and .
would wake up just before the end