a train company has admitted receiving up to 5,000 complaints a day .
southern trains made the surprising confession yesterday after an irate passenger tweeted asking how many complaints it had notched up .
the company replied : ` we are currently receiving between 2,000 to 5,000 tweets a day .
' confession : southern trains admitted to receiving up to 5,000 complaints a day from frustrated customers .
the online admission provoked a storm of criticism on social media , with a wave of angry commuters weighing in .
one person wrote : ` something to be proud of , huh ?
' , while another tweeted : ` which really demonstrates the level of dissatisfaction that we all have with the way you run the trains .
awful .
' among the tweets southern trains received yesterday was a flurry of complaints about its poor friday morning service .
one commuter posted : ` another bad start to a day .
not late enough to reclaim a tiny bit of my ticket but late enough to annoy my bosses .
' another wearily tweeted : ` another morning .
another cancelled southern train to victoria .
another subsequently packed and annoying later train .
same old ... ' a similarly frustrated passenger posted : ` 8:06 from streatham hill cancelled .
15 min wait then next train so packed some did n't get on .
far from unusual .
' rail watchdog passenger focus said the latest twitter outcry amplified the findings of its own survey , in which southern was ranked as one of the worst train companies for customer satisfaction .
flooded with complaints : three customers make their feelings about southern trains clear on twitter .
annoyed passengers : in a recently-published passenger satisfaction report from rail customer watchdog passenger focus , southern was found near the bottom of the rankings .
the only train firm with a lower figure in last autumn 's poll was southeastern at 74 per cent , with southern and govia thameslink scoring just 77 per cent .
by contrast , the companies with the best scores were the heathrow express and grand central -- both with 94 per cent .
the average score was 81 per cent .
here is a list of train operators along with the percentage of customers who say they are satisfied with their services