president obama -lrb- above -rrb- no longer has a viable national security strategy due to funding and troop cuts , a new report by the heritage foundation claims .
the us military has become so depleted by cuts that it has been left only ` marginally able ' to defend the nation .
decreases in the number of soldiers and naval ships have led to armed forces falling short of president obama 's national security strategy , a report by the heritage foundation claimed .
obama 's aim was to ensure that the country could still fight two major conflicts at once .
but the index of us military strength report , released by the think tank on tuesday , said that with current funding this would be problematic .
the report said : ` the consistent decline in funding and the consequent shrinking of the us army are putting it under significant pressure .
` the cumulative effect of such factors has resulted in a us military that is marginally able to meet the demands of defending america 's vital national interests .
' the quadrennial defense review announced last year that the army would be cut from 570,000 soldiers to 440,000 - the fewest since world war ii .
the army historically commits 21 brigade combat teams to one war but would struggle to do this and leave reserves if there were two simultaneous conflicts , the report said .
it added that the navy would need another 62 ships to be able to carry out two large campaigns .
however the air force 's fleet is judged ` strong ' .
dakota wood , a heritage analyst and former marine corps officer , said : ` the us military itself is ageing .
it 's shrinking in size .
` it 's quickly becoming problematic in terms of being able to address more than one major conflict .
' scroll down for video .
the report said the us military has become so depleted that it has been left only ` marginally able ' to defend the nation .
a us solider is pictured -lrb- above -rrb- at estonia 's independence day march near the russian border on tuesday .
the army historically commits 21 brigade combat teams to one war but would struggle to do this and leave reserves if there were two simultaneous conflicts ,