the good samaritan who pulled a driver from an suv hanging dangerously on the edge of a cliff spoke out for the first time on thursday to describe the rescue that was captured in a heart-stopping photo .
jason warnock , 29 , was driving wednesday morning in lewiston , idaho when he saw debris near the road and looked up to see a vehicle crashed into a chain-link fence on the edge of a cliff .
he then parked his car , ran up a pedestrian footbridge and pulled driver matthew sitko , 23 , out to safety .
warnock chatted with sitko for a few minutes , but left as soon as police arrived because he had to get back to work .
scroll down for videos .
good samaritan : jason warnock , 29 , came forward thursday and identified himself as the mystery man who rescued a driver in distress wednesday morning in lewiston , idaho .
in peril : warnock was driving wednesday morning when he noticed debris in the road and looked up to see this car hanging dangerously off the side of a cliff .
quick thinking : he then pulled driver matthew sitko , 23 , out of the vehicle - saving the young man from a more terrible fate .
mystery : since he did n't tell police his name , warnock remained a mystery for 24 hours as the picture of the amazing rescue went viral online .
since he did n't stop to give police his name , warnock remained a mystery for nearly 24 hours as the photo of the self-less rescue went viral online .
warnock has since come forward to identify himself and speak more about the incident which he wants no credit for .
the crash occurred about 8am wednesday in lewiston , at a drop called bryden canyon , shortly after sitko had dropped off his younger siblings at school .
` he was listening to a song on the radio , and some lyrics in the song convinced him that it was essentially his time to die .
he just closed his eyes , took his hands off the wheel , and pressed the accelerator , ` lewiston interim police chief roger lanier said .
sitko drove through a yard and over two terraces before getting snared in a chain-link fence .
the