by .
damien gayle for mailonline .
and reuters .
and associated press .
a hairdresser from south london has become the first briton known to have travelled to iraq to fight alongside kurdish forces against the islamic state .
mama kurda of croydon , south london , runs a hair salon in clapham .
but the 26-year-old is now fighting with the kurds against the militant group whose savagery has shocked the world .
and although he 's proud to be british , he says he 's ready to kill any of the estimated 500 britons who have travelled to the region to join the islamic state insurgency .
scroll down for video .
perfect hair , of course : mama kurda has left his job as a hairdresser in clapham , south west london , to travel to iraq 's autonomous kurdish region and fight alongside the peshmerga against the islamic state insurgency .
the uk has been shamed by the recent video circulated by islamic state that all but shows a militant with a london accent beheading captive american photojournalist james foley .
' i have to show the world there is a british citizen fighting against them , ' mr kurda told the daily mirror .
mr kurda was born in the kurdish region , which extends from turkey , through syria and iraq , and into iran , but moved to britain at the age of 15 .
since returning to the region three weeks ago to fight alongside the peshmerga - the self-defence force of iraq 's kurds - he has taken part in fierce firefights and was among the units that retook the vital mosul dam .
he told the mirror 's martin bagot he believes islamic state 's militants are mostly young , easily brainwashed and go into battle high on drugs .
at work at the salon : mr kurda was born in the kurdish region , which extends from turkey to iran , but moved to britain at the age of 15 .
` what i saw from their eyes is they come to be killed 200 per cent because they are brainwashed they will go straight to heaven , ' said mr kurda .
today kurdish peshmerga fighters and iraqi government forces were attempting to recapture two towns in northern iraq seized by islamic state in a lighting advance