by .
richard kay .
published : .
02:51 est , 9 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:27 est , 9 august 2013 .
one piece of brit art that charles saatchi will probably not be adding to his famous collection is a new sculpture of the multi-millionaire himself .
the larger-than-life work depicts the man who discovered tracey emin and damien hirst standing upright with a blood-red face , devil 's horns and an outstretched , moveable arm and grasping fingers which are clearly in nigella strangulation mode .
the 6ft 7in mannequin is entitled ` playful tiff ' , a reference to how saatchi described the infamous incident at scott 's restaurant , mayfair , which ended with his accepting a police caution for assault and a quickie divorce .
controversial : ` playful tiff ' is a sculpture by an anonymous artist in london 's jealous gallery which shows charles saatchi as the devil and allows members of the public to be strangled by him .
gallery : the 6ft 7in mannequin is entitled .
` playful tiff ' , a reference to how saatchi described the infamous .
incident at scott 's restaurant , mayfair - and this sign accompanies the artwork .
up until last week , the fearsome .
figure took pride of place at the appropriately-named jealous gallery in .
the chattering classes ' enclave of crouch end , north london -- locals .
include the new doctor who actor peter capaldi .
intrigued .
art lovers were invited to interact with the installation and take a .
photograph of themselves being strangled by the flexible hand .
and .
according to the gallery director , louise fitzjohn , many visitors did .
just that .
` it is a .
very imposing , scary figure .
it caused a huge amount of interest , '' she .
says .
the sculpture came with a printed notice saying : ` please note this .
is not charles saatchi .
please feel free to take a picture of yourself .
being strangled by not charles saatchi .
' mocked : intrigued .
art lovers were invited to interact with the installation and take a .
photograph of themselves being strangled by the flexible hand which is proving a big hit with visitors .
` everyone who came thought it was hilarious