they were voted the biggest fashion faux pas of last year , but ` meggings ' - that 's male leggings - could become a male wardrobe staple this season .
two british designers have unveiled a range of meggings , which they hope will enable men to ` both look great and feel comfortable in leggings .
' luke shipley and tom hunt established stitch leggings in 2012 after they were forced to wear ` ill-fitting female leggings ' to a themed party .
new trend ?
meggings , male leggings made from lycra , could become a seasonal staple thanks to two designers who are trying to make them mainstream .
this embarrassing fashion faux pas inspired the duo to join forces with friend joe hollingworth and set about designing a legging range just for men .
priced at # 25 , stitch leggings are inspired by celebrities such as russel brand and justin bieber , who both favour meggings .
they come in an array of colourful designs such as rainbow-coloured diamonds and hot pink - and even come complete with back pockets for your valuables .
stylish ?
meggings are the natural evolution from the skinny jean and the once widespread baggy jean , claim stitch founders , -lrb- left to right -rrb- joe hollinworth , tom hunt and luke shipley .
vibrant designs : priced at # 25 , stitch leggings are available in an array of fun designs and even come complete with a back pocket to store your valuables .
writing on their website , the team say : ` we envision a day where men can wear what they want as opposed to what they should , to achieve this , we will strive to design and produce garments that liberate the modern man from conventional male fashion .
` we grew up wearing , doing and saying what we wanted .
we believe this is how life should be lived .
` we have therefore made it our goal to expand this way of life and have built stitch leggings as a vehicle to do so .
' speaking to the express , they added : ` meggings are the natural evolution from the skinny jean and the once widespread baggy jean .
celebrity inspiration : fans of the .
tight-fitting apparel include russell brand -lrb- left -rrb- and justin bieber