by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
12:17 est , 20 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
13:22 est , 20 december 2012 .
a couple are looking forward to an extra special christmas this year , after their daughter 's miraculous recovery from a stroke at the tender age of three .
doctors feared mabel munoz could have permanent brain damage after she had the rare brain bleed while out shopping with her father harry .
thankfully the prompt actions of the emergency services meant mabel made a full recovery and she is now looking forward to a festive family celebration .
mabel , 4 , and her mother tracy are looking forward to an extra special christmas after mabel survived a stroke and heart surgery .
mother tracy hill from teignmouth , devon , said : ` we just feel so thankful .
every time i cuddle her i think `` what would i have done without her ?
'' ` we keep saying all the time that it 's going to be a good christmas this year .
it could have been so different .
` if we had n't got her to the hospital so quickly in the air ambulance she might have been left brain damaged and sitting in a wheelchair this christmas .
' a stroke is a sudden disruption to the blood supply of the brain .
they are rare in childhood , affecting just 300 children in the uk every year .
around half of those who suffer a stroke , like mabel , will have an underlying medical condition .
but the other half will have been apparently healthy beforehand .
strokes can affect many things including a child 's movement , speech , behaviour and learning .
however , in the majority of cases these effects are mild .
no two children recover in exactly the same way after a stroke .
progress will depend on the area of the brain affected , and what caused the stroke in the first place .
treatment includes medication such as blood thinners and physiotherapy .
mabel 's ordeal began when she started vomiting while in town with her father harry .
mr munoz took his daughter home to bed thinking she had food poisoning , but her condition quickly worsened .
mrs munoz said : ` he brought