by .
emma glanfield .
for centuries cornwall has claimed the rights as the inventor of the traditional pasty .
marketed as a savoury snack which derived from the mining days , the county has long been associated with the humble pasty .
but a historian has now threatened to upset the applecart by claiming to have found proof the traditional pasty was actually invented elsewhere - in the rivalling county of devon .
marketed as a savoury snack which derived from the mining days , cornwall has long been associated with the pasty .
however , a historian has thrown a spanner in the works after claiming it actually came from devon .
dr todd gray claims four lines of texts in records dating back to the 16th century prove the ` world 's first pasty recipe ' was born in plymouth , devon -- fuelling an ongoing food war between the two counties which already clash over the correct way to make a cream tea .
he claims to have made the discovery after scouring the historic audit book and receivers accounts in plymouth for clues as to the origin of the food .
he said one piece of text from records in 1509 , refers to the financial cost of making a pasty and the recipe used - some 236 years before there was any record of pasties in cornwall .
traditionalists claim the pasty was originally made as lunch for cornish tin miners who were unable to return to the surface to eat .
they were able to hold the pastry by the folded crust so the dirt did n't touch the rest of their food , then discard that section afterwards .
devon pasties tend to have a crimped crust running along the top and are oval in shape while cornish pasties are semi-circular with a thicker crust running along the curved edge of the pasty .
the term ` cornish pasty ' was given protected status by the european commission in 2011 .
it states that only pasties made in cornwall from a traditional recipe can marketed as a ` cornish pasty ' .
the cornish pasty association applied for the special status , saying it wanted to protect the ` quality and reputation ' of the pasty .
the protected geographical indication status means ` genuine ' cornish pasties are stamped with a