by .
beth stebner .
published : .
10:11 est , 21 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:57 est , 22 february 2013 .
gunfire rang out over the famous las vegas strip early this morning as passengers in a black range rover fired shots at a black maserati , leaving three people dead , and at least four injured , authorities said today .
several cars , including the two high-end models , were stopped at a light around 4:20 am pst when at least one person in the range rover opened fire .
several people were inside the vehicle , according to police .
the shot driver of the maserati lost control of the car , speeding through the intersection and crashing into a taxi cab , which burst into flames .
the driver of the maserati , as well as the taxi driver and a passenger in the cab were killed in the fiery crash , police said .
one witness said it was like a scene out of ` die hard .
' scroll down for video .
smoke and flames billow from the burning taxi cab at the intersection of flamingo dr and las vegas boulevard around 4:20 am this morning following a fatal shooting .
a taxi exploded during the pileup in vegas , killing its driver and passenger ; the driver of a black maserati was also killed .
the charred wreckage of cars is seen this morning on las vegas boulevard and flamingo avenue as police investigate thursday morning 's deadly events .
the entire section of the las vegas strip was roped off by police this morning as they continue their investigation .
now authorities are trying to track down .
the gunman , who remains at large after fleeing the scene .
officials say .
the shooter remains armed and dangerous .
in a press conference this morning , las vegas police sgt. john sheahan said the attack was not a rolling gun battle as previously described , saying that the cars were all stopped at a red light .
sgt. sheahan said police have video from traffic cameras at the intersection where the shooting occurred on thursday .
` we have a lot of pieces to put together to establish a timeline as to why this confrontation occurred , ' he said .
the las vegas