imagine walking into your living room after a stressful day at work , to find the lights automatically dim themselves to suit your mood .
it might sounds like the stuff of science fiction , but this is already possible , thanks to a gadget called muse .
the device , which went on sale in the uk this week -lrb- ending sat -rrb- , is designed to track people 's brain waves , in the same way that fitness trackers count the number of steps a person has taken , or monitor their heart rate .
muse the gadget monitors users brain waves to adjust the lighting in every room they walk into to suit their mood .
the plastic headband is designed to track brain movements in the same way as fitness trackers count steps .
users wear a plastic headband across their forehead , with sensors at the front and above the ears , to track their brain activity .
this information is then beamed via bluetooth to the user 's mobile phone or computer , where it is ` translated ' into an image of a summer 's day in the country .
people who have lots on their mind will see clouds rolling across the screen , whilst those who manage to empty their thoughts will be met by a clear blue sky .
the product , developed by ariel garten , a canadian neuroscientist and former fashion designer , launched in north america last year , and is designed to help people relax .
` muse is a brain fitness tool that helps you do more with your mind , ' the company says .
` by seeing your brain 's performance in real time as well as over time , you can enhance the mental skills you already have and do more with your mind than you ever thought possible .
` you are able to see your data , you can track it and see how your brain becomes calmer over time .
' according to mrs garten , muse is prescribed by doctors in the us and canada to treat people suffering from stress , anxiety or insomnia .
researchers are also investigating whether the # 239.90 gadget can be used to reduce the recovery time for surgery patients , as well as to treat epilepsy and attention deficit disorder .