by .
kieran corcoran .
published : .
09:28 est , 17 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
10:32 est , 17 february 2014 .
a pair of twins who live parallel lives , even working the same job , have taken their double life to extremes - by giving birth on the same day .
heather richardson and sarah fidler , 35 , were already as close as can be after growing up together , choosing the same university and taking identical jobs as science technicians at a secondary school in north shields , tyneside .
but , despite both women having discovered that they were pregnant on the same day , the uncanny sequences of events seemed to end when they were given different due dates .
coincidence : sarah fidler , left with baby austin , is pictured alongside her sister heather richardson , with her daughter emelie , right .
the twins - who say they ` feel the same pains ' as each other - were taken to separate hospitals as the day drew nearer , with heather set for a caesarian while sarah opted for a natural birth .
however , just as heather 's daughter emelie frances was removed via c-section at newcastle 's victoria infrimary early on thursday morning last week , her sister 's contractions began at the wansbeck general hospital in ashington .
by the afternoon , she too had given birth to a child - a baby boy named austin .
after the births , both were moved to north tyneside general hospital for post-natal care , and are in cubicles next to to one another .
parallel families : sarah , left , smiles with her son austin and husband sean , next to heather , baby emelie and her husband daniel , right .
peas in a pod : the sisters say they have always been close - and can even feel one another 's pain .
sarah , from linton , near ashington in northumberland , said : ' i honestly did n't think that i would go into labour at the same time .
my contractions started at 1.20 am , the exact moment emelie was born by c-section , and i had austin at 2.55 pm that day .
' heather , who lives with her husband daniel in north tyneside ,