by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
05:17 est , 21 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:56 est , 21 march 2013 .
a compound belonging the leader of one of america 's largest polygamous sects is to be sold at auction .
warren jeffs 's 6.1 acre property in hildale could fetch up to $ 2.65 million when it goes up for sale on april 25 .
jeffs , who is still thought to lead the fundamentalist church of jesus christ of latter-day saints -lrb- flds -rrb- , is in prison in texas , having been jailed for life after convictions for child sex abuse and bigamy .
for sale : tall walls , fences and ` no access ' signs surround warren jeffs 's compound in hildale , utah , which is to be sold in an auction .
the sale has been instigated to raise money for a legal settlement involving the flds .
willie jessop , a former spokesman of the flds sued a group of the sect 's leaders , including jeffs and his brother lyle jeffs , and was eventually awarded a $ 30million default judgement .
mr jessop alleged that the flds members broke into his business premises , stealing a range of property including computers and hard drives .
he also claimed to have been blackmailed , said he had been excommunicated and claimed that he had been forced to lie for warren jeffs .
when the sect leaders failed to respond , a fifth district judge awarded the default settlement , with the auction contributing to the sum .
jessop , who was once a staunch defender of jeffs , left after the church after the child sex abuse allegations against the sect 's leader surfaced .
mr jessop could make a bid for the property himself , according to his attorney mark james , who siad that could use part of the legal settlement to bid for it .
settlement : the compound is being sold as part of $ 30m legal settlement involving willie jessop , who alleges flds members broke into his property and stole computers and other property .
home : the town of hildale , with the compound pictured among the buildings in the foreground .
the property , which will be auctioned on the steps of the washington county courthouse