by .
snejana farberov .
published : .
11:10 est , 7 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:28 est , 8 february 2013 .
victim : natalie egleston , 48 , was pronounced dead from a traumatic brain injury after another female skier collided with her on aspen mountain .
a woman enjoying a ski vacation at the upscale aspen resort was killed monday when another skier collided with her on the mountain .
pitkin county coroner 's officials said tuesday that 48-year-old natalie egleston , of ardmore , pennsylvania , died at a hospital of a traumatic brain injury .
according to aspen skiing co. officials , egleston was unconscious after the collision with another female skier .
resort officials said the other skier , a woman from new york city , sustained minor injuries .
both skiers were wearing helmets .
in a phone interview with mailonline thursday , ski patrol director .
jeff lumsden identified the other skier as virginia chen .
sheriff joe disalvo told the aspen times it appeared egleston may have stopped to clean her goggles when the other woman slammed into her .
resort officials say the tragic accident happened at around 3:45 pm on spar gulch , just below where an expert run called jackpot exits .
egleston was wearing dark or gray clothes and may have been standing in a shadow at the time , pitkin county sheriff disalvo told aspen daily news .
she was skiing that day with her boyfriend , identified by mailonline thursday as ron konsza , of pennsylvania .
by the time ski patrol got the call about and accident and arrived on the scene , the 48-year-old woman was unresponsive .
she was taken to aspen valley hospital and pronounced dead from a traumatic brain injury .
county deputy coroner eric hansen said egleston 's fatal injury resulted from her head hitting the snow .
she also suffered cracked ribs from the impact .
according to jeff lumsden , egleston 's ` brain stem snapped ' as a result of the crash .
crash site : the collision took place on the spar gulch run under expert terrain called jackpot .
trip gone awry : egleston , pictured left and right , was skiing with a male friend when officials say she stopped to clean out her goggles .
sheriff 's officials