by .
jill reilly .
heavy security blanketed central beijing on the 25th anniversary of the bloody suppression of the tiananmen square pro-democracy protests today , to stop any attempts to publicly commemorate one of the darkest chapters in recent chinese history .
china allows no public discussion of the .
events of june 3-4 , 1989 , when soldiers backed by tanks and armored .
personnel carriers fought their way into the heart of beijing , killing .
hundreds of unarmed protesters and onlookers .
the silence in the mainland about the pivotal event that shocked the world contrasted with boisterous commemorations in hong kong .
large crowds gathered wednesday night in the city 's victoria park for an annual candlelight vigil to remember the tiananmen victims , holding candles aloft that turned the vast area into a sea of flickering light .
activists laid a wreath at a makeshift memorial as the names and biographical details of people killed in the crackdown were read out .
organisers said more than 180,000 people took part , with many overflowing into the streets around the park 's main entrance .
two chinese young people rest in a deserted tiananmen square - 25 years on from the infamous clashes in the area which led to the deaths of scores of protesters .
chinese paramilitary policemen man a security checkpoint on tiananmen square .
china allows no public discussion of the events of june 3-4 , 1989 , when soldiers backed by tanks and armored personnel carriers fought their way into the heart of beijing , killing hundreds of unarmed protesters and onlookers .
tens of thousands of people participate in a candlelight vigil at hong kong 's victoria park .
held to mark the crackdown on the pro-democracy movement in beijing 's tiananmen square on june 4 , 1989 , it is the only commemoration on chinese soill .
the government has largely ignored the relatives ' demands for an admission of wrongdoing and for a complete , formal accounting of the crackdown or the number of casualties .
the silence in the mainland about the anniversary of a pivotal event that shocked the world contrasted with boisterous commemorations in hong kong .
scores of .
police and paramilitary troops patrolled the vast plaza in the city 's .
heart and surrounding streets , stopping vehicles and demanding .
identification from