by .
mark duell .
published : .
11:28 est , 14 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
08:42 est , 15 november 2012 .
these beautiful photos of the sky were created by stacking images of the same scene together using a time-lapse method .
photographer matt molloy snapped a range of scenes including sunsets and bright skies in at midday .
mr molloy , of ontario , canada , said : ` sunsets seem to work well , as the lighting constantly gets darker .
a midday time-lapse can get messy , but they can be fun too .
' he added : ` i 'm a big fan of experimenting .
much like this process , you never know what you 're going to get .
' mr molloy said one of the pictures was put together using hundreds of photos , and that he had used the same technique of overlapped multiple exposure in the past for star trails .
when the sun goes down : photographer matt molloy put together a range of sky scenes including beautiful sunsets and bright skies in the middle of the day .
idyllic scene : mr molloy , who is a photographer based in ontario , canada , said sunsets work well for his impressive projects ` as the lighting constantly gets darker ' amazing : mr molloy said this picture was put together using hundreds of photos , and that he had used overlapped multiple exposure in the past for star trails .
trying new things : mr molloy said he is a ` big fan of experimenting ' when producing his photography work because ` you never know what you 're going to get ' impressive scenes : these extraordinary landscape photos were created by stacking many images of the same scene onto each other using a time-lapse method .
trickier to produce : mr molloy said that he enjoys snapping sunsets for his projects and while midday time-lapses can get ` messy ' , ` they can be fun too ' windmills : mr molloy took the extraordinary set of photos using sophisticated editing techniques that resulted in the superb photos which appear to have been smeared .
bright idea : this daylight photo shows calm waters below clouds that seem to have been smudged across the picture , thanks to mr molloy 's