by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
13:30 est , 25 may 2012 .
| .
updated : .
03:11 est , 26 may 2012 .
a british winemaker has accused the french of trying to pass off their wine as british by wrapping it in a union jack .
bob lindo has written to home secretary theresa may to vent his anger over the scam to trick foreigners into buying a ` british ' souvenir when they come to watch the olympics or queen 's jubilee celebrations .
mr lindo , who owns the camel valley vineyard at wadebridge , cornwall , forced the world duty free shop at gatwick airport to remove a sign heralding french champagne as the ` best of british ' following an incident on tuesday night .
scam : winemaker bob lindo , right , wrote to the home secretary and defra to complain after spotting this display of french lanson champagne at gatwick airport , left .
the lanson champagne bottles were wrapped in union flags which mr lindo says is ` unacceptable ' .
in his letter to may , who is one of his customers , mr lindo wrote : ' i had to insist on the best of british sign being removed from the lanson display stand in the duty free shop at gatwick airport .
they removed the sign after i refused to leave until they did .
` this is clearly an attempt to con visitors for the olympics and the jubilee into taking home a `` british '' souvenir .
we have a lot of red tape to deal with within the uk wine industry , often involving the tiniest or irrelevant detail , but we get on with it .
` meanwhile this outrageous attempt to pass off an inferior champagne -lrb- it came 89th in a recent blind tasting , behind 85 english sparkling wines and three other sparkling wines -rrb- as british , is left to happen by those same regulatory bodies that police us with such efficiency .
' i do n't believe that wrapping a french wine in the union flag is remotely acceptable .
' ` unacceptable ' : mr lindo stands amid the vines at his camel valley vineyard at wadebridge , cornwall .
he called lanson 's marketing ploy a ` con ' mr lindo wrote to