by .
sarah griffiths .
an ancient mosaic showing a menagerie of animals from birds to leopards , has been unearthed in southern israel .
the intricate artwork was found when a 1,500-year-old byzantine church was excavated and has greek symbols , which archaeologists say shows that it once served as a centre of christian worship .
the church ruins were discovered during excavations ahead of an infrastructure project in aluma , some 30 miles -lrb- 50km -rrb- south of tel aviv , israel .
an ancient mosaic showing a menagerie of animals from birds -lrb- pictured -rrb- to leopards , has been unearthed in southern israel in a town near tel aviv .
archaeologists believe the church was an important part of a byzantine settlement , which lay on the main road running between jerusalem and the ancient sea port of ashkelon .
` the church probably served as a centre of christian worship for neighbouring communities , ' they said .
experts from the israel antiquities authority -lrb- iaa -rrb- discovered marble pillars and the mosaic floor inside the basilica , which measures 72ft by 39ft -lrb- 22 by 12metres -rrb- .
daniel varga , director of the iaa 's excavations , said : the ` fine mosaic floor decorated with coloured geometric designs ' lies in the entrance of the church and there is a ` twelve-row dedicatory inscription in greek containing the names mary and jesus , and the name of the person who funded the mosaic 's construction .
' the intricate artwork was found when a 1,500-year-old byzantine church was excavated and has greek symbols , which archaeologists said show that it once served as a centre of christian worship .
the mosaics in what would have been the church 's nave are decorated with vines in the shape of 40 medallions , which each show a different animal , including a zebra , leopard , wild boar , turtle and winged birds as well as botanical and geometric designs .
there are also greek inscriptions that mention two local leaders of the church , demetrios and herakles .
the mosaics in what would have been the church 's nave are decorated with vines in the shape of 40 medallions , which each show a different animal , including a zebra , leopard -lrb- foreground -rrb- , wild boar -lrb- back left -rrb- ,