a millionaire 's daughter was in an ` intimate relationship ' with a robber and drug dealer she claimed had forced her to drive a getaway car during last year 's riots , a court heard yesterday .
laura johnson , 20 , said the man , known as sylar , threatened her by putting his hands around her throat and applying pressure with his thumbs .
she claimed she was left terrified after he and two friends spoke of knives and guns , and showed her mobile phone footage of torture .
laura johnson , pictured left at court yesterday and right back in september , had been .
treated for anxiety and depression before the riots .
the exeter university student said .
she was so scared that she drove them around south-east london as they .
looted a haul of electrical goods , alcohol and cigarettes on august 9 , .
one of the worst nights of the riots .
however , the prosecution has .
dismissed johnson 's claims , saying she ` knew what she was doing ' .
yesterday , johnson 's friend charlie .
fryett told a jury that far from being terrified , johnson had behaved .
flirtatiously with sylar , and that the pair were on ` close ' terms .
miss fryett , 20 , told inner london .
crown court that she had met johnson at green parks house psychiatric .
outpatients unit in orpington in april last year .
soon she had .
introduced johnson to lots of her ` black , male friends ' .
she said she was aware that johnson , a .
former pupil of st olave 's grammar school , was depressed after .
splitting from her boyfriend , and that she had self-harmed and attempted .
an overdose .
privileged upbringing : johnson was accompanied to court by her mother lindsay -lrb- centre -rrb- and father robert -lrb- right -rrb- , who run direct marketing company avongate .
wealthy : johnson , who is reading english and italian , is the daughter of a millionaire businessman who lives in this home in orpington , south-east london .
miss fryett told the court they had .
both ` fancied ' sylar , who liked to listen to violent gangster rap .
however , the girls had drifted apart after he appeared to be