a group of dancers move with perfect grace and precision , their beautiful diaphanous gowns catching the light with every pirouette and leap .
the english national ballet 's new production of swan lake , seen here in final dress rehearsal before opening tonight , is bringing the magic of the classic tchaikovsky work back to london .
the tale of the beautiful odette transformed into a swan by a sorcerer 's curse will entrance london audiences at the london coliseum until 18 january .
scroll down for video .
the corps de ballet bring tchaikovsky 's swans to life in the dress rehearsal at the london 's coliseum .
prima ballerinas alina cojocaru and tamara rojo will alternate playing odette , the beautiful woman enslaved by a sorcerer .
romanian-born alina is a principal dancer with the english national ballet after leaving the royal ballet in 2013 .
tamara rojo , 40 , is the ballet company 's artistic director , and recently dispelled the myth that the two dancers were bitter rivals .
' i think that is one of those myths , like ballet being an elite art , '' she told the telegraph .
' i think what people do n't understand is that your biggest rival is always yourself .
it is your own perceived limitations that keep you wanting to do more and do better .
' one swan stretches out gracefully on the stage floor in the magical tale of transformation and loss .
in the ballet the swans are women under an enchantment that can only be broken by a prince 's pure love .
with classic tutus , on pointe , the english national ballet is going back to swan lake 's classical roots .
in swan lake , prince siegfried turns 21 and out hunting meets odette , a beautiful woman who 's been turned into a swan by an evil sorcerer rothbart .
only his pure love can save her she tells him yet before he can do anything , the women are compelled to dance as swans by the lake far from the prince 's reach .
the ballet inspired the film black swan starring natalie portman as the dancer driven insane by the demands of the role .
swan lake was premiered by russia 's bolshoi ballet in moscow in 1877 .
an evil sorceress has turned