by .
simon tomlinson .
an earthquake off the coast of north korea today sparked fears kim jong-un may have carried out his threat to conduct more nuclear tests .
the magnitude-five tremor was detected 80 miles from the korean peninsula at around 3.48 am local time -lrb- 7.48 pm yesterday gmt -rrb- , according to the united states geological survey -lrb- usgs -rrb- .
it comes just two days after the sabre-rattling state threatened to launch a ` new form ' of nuclear power tests - and hours after the north and south exchanged artillery fire near a disputed sea boundary in a heightening of tensions on the peninsula .
scroll down for video .
atomic test fears : a 5-magnitude earthquake has been registered off the coast of north korea just two days after kim jong-un threatened to launch a new nuclear tests - and hours after the north and south exchanged artillery fire near a disputed sea boundary in a heightening of tensions on the peninsula .
the magnitude-five tremor was detected 80 miles from the korean peninsula at around 3.48 am local time -lrb- 7.48 pm yesterday gmt -rrb- , according to the united states geological survey -lrb- usgs -rrb- .
the force of today 's earthquake was .
similar to the 5.1-magnitude tremor registered in a north korean .
mountain range from a previous nuclear test in december 2012 .
but .
its location at a depth of nearly 10 miles in the sea did not .
immediately suggest nucelar testing was the cause this time , it was .
reported by the daily telegraph .
yesterday , .
south korea fired shells into north korean waters after their rivals .
sent more than 100 rounds below the disputed sea boundary during a .
live-fire drill .
the .
heated artillery exchange was prompted by an unusual warning fax sent .
from the north to the south , informing them of their live-fire drill .
though .
it is not unusual for the reclusive nation to practice at sea , south .
korean officials were alarmed by the alert , which they claim ` indicates .
their hostile intention ' .
suspicious : wreckage of a crashed drone on baengnyeong island near the disputed waters of the yellow sea , triggering an investigation by south korea into whether the aircraft was from the north .