just last week the ardent tennis fan wrote a guide to wimbledon for vanity fair in her new role as contributing editor .
and pippa middleton made sure to follow some of her own guidelines - one of which was bring an umbrella - as she arrived to take in the andy murray match at queen 's tennis club today .
wearing a mint green knit twinset by luxury brand cashmere by tania , the younger sister of the duchess of cambridge arrived with a male friend to spend a changeable afternoon in the west london tennis club .
in her new vanity fair column last week , pippa advised vanity fair readers to bring ` everything from sunblock and sunglasses to a .
mackintosh and umbrella ' and to wear comfortable shoes .
and as the clouds gathered and the heavens opened over queen 's today , her precautions must have come in very useful .
days after her guide to british tennis was published in vanity fair , pippa middleton arrived with a friend at queen 's tennis club to take in the andy murray match today .
pippa 's dress was the # 430 tita by cashmere by tania .
pippa middleton was joined with mother carole to watch the action unfold .
pippa and carole would have taken in a number of matches at queen 's , which is the first of britain 's grass tournaments .
pippa is of course a keen tennis fan - and wrote in vanity fair last week of her childhood dream of winning wimbledon .
the article saw pippa describe the tournament as ` the highlight of my summer ' , and recalls her first visit to the all england club at the age of eight .
she says that she was an aspiring professional tennis player at the time , and remembers purchasing a postcard of the women 's championship trophy and writing on it : ' i will win this one day .
' the british weather proved as changeable as ever , forcing carole and pippa to take cover under a brolly .
cheerful : despite the hiatus , pippa and carole were happy to chat while they waited for the match to resume .
pippa was at queen 's for the fourth day of the aegon championships .
she wore # 130 earrings by davina combe