police were yesterday given a bag containing a computer , phone and paperwork found in a bin near the london home of rebekah brooks .
someone handed the items to security guards at the chelsea harbour complex of luxury apartments where she owns a # 1.5 million property .
it is understood that mrs brooks 's husband charlie tried to reclaim them , but could not prove they were his -- and the guards called police instead .
charlie and rebekah brooks .
it is understood that charlie tried to reclaim the computer and phone , but could not prove they were his - and the guards called police instead .
the bag was found in an underground car park in the design centre of the development on monday afternoon .
the car park is under a shopping .
centre just yards from the gated apartment block where mrs brooks .
purchased a penthouse flat overlooking the river thames in 2008 .
she shares it with her husband charlie brooks , a former racehorse trainer and close friend of the prime minister david cameron .
one source at the harbour complex .
said the bag was handed to security at around 3pm , and that shortly .
afterwards , mr brooks tried to reclaim it .
detectives are now examining footage from cctv cameras in the car park to discover who dropped the bag .
mr brooks 's spokesman denied the bag belonged to mrs brooks .
` charlie has a bag which contains a laptop and papers which were private to him , ' he said .
` they were nothing to do with rebekah or the -lsb- phone-hacking -rsb- case .
' luxury : the items were discovered in a car park close to the chelsea harbour complex where the brooks have a # 1.5 m apartment .
he said mr brooks had left the bag with a friend who was returning it , but dropped it in the wrong part of the garage .
when asked how the bag ended up in a bin he replied : ` the suggestion is that a cleaner thought it was rubbish and put it in the bin .
' ` charlie was told it had gone to security , by which stage they .
-lsb- security -rsb- had already called the police to say they had found .
something .