by .
meghan keneally and david mccormack .
published : .
10:59 est , 2 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:22 est , 2 may 2013 .
caroline kennedy is asking for $ 45 million for the two parcels at her exclusive red gate farm estate .
highly anticipated next u.s. ambassador to japan caroline kennedy has put two pieces of land on martha 's vineyard up for sale .
the former first daughter is asking for a whopping combined asking price of $ 45 million for the two parcels at her exclusive red gate farm estate .
listed for $ 20 million , lot 6 is described as nearly 40 acres of prime waterfront property in aquinnah with ` incredible views of squibnocket pond ' and the atlantic ocean .
` plenty of privacy with varied topography and easy pond access .
yours to create a marvelous estate , ' states the listing .
lot 8 , on the market for $ 25 million , consists of 50 acres of beachfront land and another 60 acres of protected oceanfront .
` simply magnificent is the only way to describe this pristine oceanfront parcel ... a blank slate for your dream home ... in this unique & beautiful location , ' states the listing .
jacqueline kennedy onassis paid $ 1.1 million for the 366-acre parcel known as red gate farm back in 1978 .
the house she built , which caroline currently owns , sits on about 106 acres of that plot .
in 2002 the rest of the land was subdivided into .
six more lots , three for caroline and her kids , two for estate expenses .
and one preserved as open space .
the lots .
can not be further subdivided , island real estate blogger john o'connell told the boston herald .
martha 's vineyard is an island located south of cape cod in massachusetts .
it is well known as a popular destination for the rich and famous during the summer months .
for sale : lot 6 is described as nearly 40 acres of prime waterfront property in aquinnah with ` incredible views of squibnocket pond ' and the atlantic ocean .
caroline kennedy , right , pictured with her family in hyannisport , massachusetts in 1963 .
her mother loved the area so much she bought a property