by .
alex ward .
published : .
18:33 est , 29 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
18:34 est , 29 november 2012 .
an extremely rare set of 400-year-old playing cards made of silver and gold that were owned by a princess have been discovered .
the extraordinary deck of ` silver cards ' gilded with gold were first sold at auction at christie 's auction house for # 2,421,123 in 2010 .
recently a historian described them as one of only five known decks of silver cards and the only complete set .
gilded with gold : the set of ` silver cards ' is one of only five known decks and the only complete set and was created around 1616 .
legend has it that the cards were owned by portuguese princess infanta carlota joaquina , who married a prince in portugal before fleeing to brazil when napoleon 's armies marched into iberia in 1807 .
stories say she took the set with her .
timothy schroder , a historian specialising in gold and silver decorative arts , recently wrote in his book : ` only five sets of silver cards are known today and of these only one -- the zilkha set -lrb- referring to the current owner -rrb- -- is complete .
` they were not made for playing with but as works of art for the collector 's cabinet , or kunstkammer .
' creating the silver cards was a hazardous job as each of the 52 cards was gilded using mercury , a deadly chemical , a process which is illegal today .
even in renaissance times , people knew the process was dangerous .
risky process : mercury was used to gild the gold to the silver - a process which is illegal today and even in renaissance times , people knew the process was dangerous .
mr schroder was quoted in live science saying : ` i do n't think they quite understood why it was dangerous , but they did appreciate the dangers of it .
` you ground up gold into kind of a dust , and you mix it with mercury , and you painted that onto the surface where you wished the gilding to appear .
' he explained that the mercury disperses in the kiln in a process ` that would leave the