sleepless in beijing ?
a chinese film called finding mr. right gets its inspiration from sleepless in seattle and has inspired flocks of romantic chinese to visit the city .
a chinese box office smash inspired by the 1993 stateside hit sleepless in seattle is so popular it has fans crossing an ocean to recreate its charms .
finding mr. right , which pays tribute to the nora ephron film with constant visual and spoken references , debuted in china in march and has since earned a whopping $ 85 million domestically .
much of the film even takes place in seattle and its huge popularity has romantic couples heading to american shores to recreate the film 's recreation of a film .
` the phones started ringing and it .
has n't stopped .
we have been amazed at the response , ' seattle tourism .
official janet christopher told komo .
` this is bigger than sleepless in .
seattle .
' the movie 's success even spurred china 's cctv network to do a live broadcast from the city on new year 's eve .
` with .
this movie , it just attracts booming chinese visitors , ' cctv .
correspondent qi gao said .
` especially for the young generation of .
chinese , it 's not just for a destiny of traveling , it 's for a destiny of .
romance .
' the film stars actress tang wei as jiajia , a spoiled mistress of a beijing businessman who becomes pregnant .
her .
lover sends her to seattle in order to have the baby in secret and .
that 's where she meets the film 's male protagonist -lrb- and possible mr. right -rrb- , frank .
scroll down for video ... the film 's lead winds up in the northwest town after becoming pregnant with her married beijing tycoon lover 's child .
the leading ladies have their differences , but the constant references to sleepless in seattle are clear in finding mr. right .
` the phones started ringing and it hasn ¿ t stopped .
we have been amazed at the response , ' said seattle tourism official janet christopher .
` this is bigger than sleepless in seattle .
' there are .
some bumps in the road as spoiled jiajia begrudgingly becomes a better .
person and