a civil liberties campaigner decided to turn the tables on a washington state sheriff by pulling him over for patrolling in uniform in an unmarked car and issued him a stern warning .
gavin seim , a former candidate for the us congress , videoed the entire incident after he caught the officer on saturday driving through grant county .
flagging the patrolling officer down , seim asks the man , who identifies himself as deputy canfield of the grant county sheriff 's office , if he is working undercover or on patrol .
scroll down for video .
you what ?
deputy sheriff canfield initially entertains gavin seim 's intervention and listens as he upholds the law .
hmmmm ... the attitude of the deputy changes as seim explains that he has fallen foul of the law .
prove it : seim makes the officer produce his official identification as he explains to him the 1937 washington state law .
staggered : the officer is mildly taken aback when seim explains that he will not be reporting him and is letting him off with a warning .
the unsuspecting canfield makes the straightforward admission he is driving on patrol , which seim jumps on and tells the deputy that he is breaking the law .
indeed , he explains to canfield that in washington , it is against the law for a non-state officer to work patrols in unmarked vehicles and subsequently any deputy in one could be arrested .
the deputy then stares at seim and tries to regain the upper hand by telling him , ` this is not a game .
' unfazed , seim shoots back calmly , ` you are right , this is n't a game , it is the law .
' the officer then realizes that because he is being videoed it is best to follow through with seim 's requests and produces his id when asked by the civil rights champion .
incredibly , after checking the deputy 's id , seim tells him that he is lucky - because in this case he will only give him a warning and tells him to return to his station and review the law .
result : gavin seim has been a thorn in the side of law enforcement officers for years and has even run for congress in the past .