by .
david mccormack .
a shocking new video illustrates how race and color continue to play a major role in how someone is perceived in american society .
the video , shot in los angeles , compares the general public 's reaction to first a white male , then a black male , attempting to break into a car .
the social experiment was the idea of jason roberts , who hosts the youtube channel simple misfits .
scroll down for video .
jason roberts , left , who hosts the youtube channel simple misfits and his friend quentin brunson , right , carried out a social experience to film the different reactions to them breaking into a car .
first roberts attempts to break into the car , but after 30 minutes no one has approached him .
he recently took to the streets of l.a. along with his friend quentin brunson and filmed the predictable - yet depressing - results .
first roberts , who is white , attempts to break into the car with a wire hanger .
despite the car 's alarm blaring , no one pays him any attention and at one point the police even drive past without stopping to confront him .
after 30 minutes , roberts gives up and then we see the radically different reaction when brunson , who is black , takes up the challenge .
instantly passers-by are suspicious and a group of men standing nearby start to take pictures on a phone .
at one point a cop car drives past , as roberts brazenly tries to break into a car and its alarm is sounding loudly .
within two minutes , the lapd arrive -- possibly alerted by the passers-by -- and brunson is instantly greeted with a harsh attitude and an order to put his hands up .
` let me see your f**king hands , ' orders one cop .
` get up against the wall .
' brunson is quickly surrounded by at least five officers and placed in handcuffs .
that 's where the shocking video ends , although in reality roberts quickly stepped in and explained to the police what was happening .
critics might complain that the video is staged , but roberts says it was inspired by being involved in similar double standards situation in real-life .
when brunson