nathan lyon spun australia to a remarkable 48-run win over india in the first test at adelaide oval .
virat kohli crafted a career-best century , but lyon 's maiden 10-wicket test haul proved the difference as the hosts clinched victory on saturday .
michael clarke was hobbled by a fresh hamstring injury , while india 's push for a record-breaking win was halted by some howlers on a dramatic fifth day .
nathan lyon -lrb- centre -rrb- fittingly ended the game when he had ishant sharma stumped and india all out for 315 .
shane watson -lrb- left -rrb- , brad haddin and david warner -lrb- right -rrb- celebrate after lyon 's wicket ends the game .
lyon 's maiden 10-wicket test haul proved the difference as the hosts clinched victory on saturday .
nathan lyon spun australia to a remarkable 48-run win over india in the first test .
the enthralling battle between chief protagonists lyon and kohli ended in the 82nd over .
india 's stand-in skipper holed out on 141 , mitch marsh misreading the ball but completing an awkward catch in the deep .
ryan harris and mitchell johnson claimed a wicket each after the final drinks break .
but lyon fittingly ended the game when he had ishant sharma stumped and india all out for 315 in the 88th over .
lyon finished with incredible match figures of 12-286 , bouncing back superbly after an underwhelming tour of the uae , where he captured three test wickets at an average of 140 .
michael clarke was forced from the field with another hamstring injury on the last day of the first test against india in adelaide , raising doubts he will be able to play in the rest of the series .
the australian captain went down fielding a ground ball at mid wicket after lunch and left the field clutching his right hamstring .
he was assisted back to the sheds by team physiotherapist alex kountouris .
this latest setback continues a terrible run of injuries for clarke , who had been in doubt of playing the first test scheduled for brisbane before the freak accident which caused the death of his ` little brother ' phillip hughes .
australian captain michael clarke walks from the adelaide oval with team physiotherapist alex kountouris after suffering another injury in the first test against india