by .
bianca london .
published : .
10:26 est , 12 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:27 est , 12 july 2013 .
she shot to fame playing a bumbling and .
scruffy shop assistant in her eponymous bbc sitcom .
but miranda hart has made no secret of her desire to .
lose weight , admitting she finds criticism about her figure and appearance hard to deal with .
in recent weeks , the 40-year-old comedian has been showing off a more svelte figure out and about in london , especially at the glamour woman of the year awards last month where she hired celebrity stylist angie smith to give her a dramatic # 2,000 new look .
and now the call the midwife star is said to be sharing her weight loss secrets with the world after reportedly signing a deal to release her own fitness dvd .
new look : comedian miranda hart has been showcasing a svelte new figure recently and now she is reportedly sharing her slimming secrets with a fitness dvd .
the brunette entertainer is said to be devising her own fitness routine - without the help of experts - just in time for christmas .
a source told the sun : ` miranda is a woman of many talents , but even her biggest fans will be surprised that she is doing this workout dvd .
` washboard stomachs and finely toned biceps are not something you would normally associate with her .
` but whatever the routine ends up being , there is one thing that it will definitely be - funny .
' miranda is no stranger to gruelling exercise challenges .
she took part in a 1,000 mile bike ride from john o'groats to land 's end for comic relief back in 2010 saying at the time : ' i was very sporty at school , but things have gone downhill since .
` suddenly i was forced into training sessions which involved very worrying terms like `` squats '' , `` lunges '' and `` core muscles '' .
it turns out i had no muscles at all - we could n't find them .
' athletic : she took part in a 1,000 mile bike ride from john o'groats to land 's end for comic relief back in 2010 saying at the time