by .
ben todd .
last updated at 4:37 am on 18th august 2011 .
cashing in : sally bercow will receive # 60,000 for her appearance in big brother , with around # 20,000 going to her new publicist , max clifford .
she has justified her decision to take part in celebrity big brother by promising to donate a large sum to charity .
but good causes will not be the only beneficiaries of sally bercow 's controversial appearance on the show , which begins tonight .
it has emerged that mrs bercow , the outspoken wife of house of commons speaker john bercow , will be paid # 60,000 for participating in the reality television programme .
the mother-of-three will keep # 40,000 and pass the remaining # 20,000 to max clifford to act as her publicist during the show 's run .
aides have described the cash she will pocket as a ` very small contributor 's fee ' and said she will still make a # 100,000 charitable donation .
but the lucrative deal is likely to anger mps who have accused mrs bercow of ` using parliament for her own financial gain ' and going to inappropriate lengths to raise her public profile .
the 41-year-old , who last year failed in her attempt to become a labour councillor in westminster , has hired mr clifford to represent her while she is on the show , which has moved from channel 4 to channel 5 .
his other clients include former girl band singer kerry katona and imogen thomas , the ex-lover of footballer ryan giggs .
last night mr clifford said : ` i can confirm -lsb- mrs bercow -rsb- is giving a # 100,000 fee to her chosen charity .
she 's also being paid a fee a lot less than that and is paying me out of that .
' while his firm has been appointed to act as media representatives only during mrs bercow 's time on the show , there is a chance the arrangement could be extended .
unhappy : mrs bercow and the speaker disagreed over her appearance on the show , and he will remain in india on holiday while the show is on air .
the speaker 's wife is said to be keen to explore other television projects , particularly with music mogul simon