it 's been awarded the coveted title of best airport in the world for the past seven years running .
and judging from singapore 's changi airport 's plans for expansion , it 's not prepared to give up the top spot .
boasting a lush indoor garden area and a cascading waterfall , renderings for the futuristic bio-dome have been revealed by architect moshe safdie .
bio dome : the glass doughnut-shaped structure will be made out of glass and steel .
shaped like a doughnut , the five-storey glass and steel structure -- codenamed project jewel -- will connect the airports existing three terminals via all-glass walkways .
safdie , who is renowned for his eco-topic buildings , was behind singapore 's marina bay sands resort .
project jewel 's gardens will also include green walls to offset the emissions from the planes overhead , and it is expected to serve nearly 85 million passengers by the time it is completed .
lush interior : the new design for the airport in singapore features a vast garden area .
although a completion date for the # 800m -lrb- $ 1.5 bn -rrb- project has not been released .
the dome will also offer travellers luxury shops and leisure attractions .
mr lee seow hiang , cag 's chief executive officer , said : ` we are very excited about this opportunity to create at changi airport an iconic global attraction that will capture the hearts of both tourists and singaporeans .
airport of the future : the # 800m designs have been unveiled , although no completion date has been announced .
` for tourists , we envisage project jewel to be a must-visit singapore attraction , located strategically at the doorstep of one of the world 's busiest air hubs , and an extension of the changi brand promise that many travellers worldwide have come to know us for .
` for singaporeans , it will be an exciting world-class destination right here at home , where they can relax and enjoy with their loved ones , again and again .
' new look : how changi airport in singapore will look according to architects .