by .
daily mail reporter .
service for hbo go subscribers went down sunday night during one of the most anticipated premieres this year : game of thrones .
less than a month after subscribers took to twitter to vent over its crash during the finale of true detective , the latest debacle is also causing a stir online .
hbo go acknowledged the problem on twitter , advising subscribers that they were working on the problem , and instructing them to ` send a raven .
' hbo go and do something else : those waiting for the latest in the saga of the mother of dragons were sorely disappointed when hbo go crashed .
people gathered around televisions and computers to watch the season four premiere of the fantasy show , but many were greeted with ` fatal error ' messages .
many on twitter conveyed the horror of the situation .
` in an apartment full of disgruntled gays , @hbogo i will never forgive you for this , ' tweeted one .
error message : hbo go subscribers were greeted with this message when they tried to watch the show .
waiting , waiting : other frustrated users had this screen .
the premium cable service blamed the technical difficulties on ` excessive volume ' and promised to provide the episode on hbo on demand shortly.game of thrones-themed jokes abounded on the twitter , and many also noted that hbo go 's servers are likely overburdened due to millenials using their parents hbo accounts rather than purchasing subscriptions of their own .
` why do n't you guys write letters to hbo complaining about how hbo go is down ?
or i mean , get your mom , the hbo subscriber , to write a letter , ' tweeted one twitter user.hbo told the hollywood reporter in a statement later sunday night : ` hbo go did experience issues due to overwhelming demand around the premiere of game of thrones .
the service has returned to several platforms and we are working hard towards full recovery , which we expect soon .
' according to the hbo twitter account , full service has now been restored .