young teenagers are happier and healthier now than teenagers were a decade ago , a new study said yesterday .
it found that the ` facebook generation ' of youngsters are less likely than their predecessors to drink alcohol , smoke tobacco or cannabis , or get bullied .
a growing proportion of 11 to 15-year-olds , the study said , engage in behaviour that would make their parents proud .
they eat fruit and vegetables , take exercise , clean their teeth , and talk to their mothers and fathers .
adolescents are more likely to eat fruit and vegetables , take exercise , talk to their mothers and fathers .
however the study , assembled by academics at st andrews university , complained that despite the increasing levels of health and well-being , adolescents now are just as likely to be fat as the generation of the 2000s .
obesity rates , it said , did not decline between 2002 and 2010 .
the findings , based on a series of papers put together with the help of the world health organisation , are the latest to underline the increasing trend for teenagers to avoid risky behaviour in favour of a healthier lifestyle .
in england and wales teen pregnancies have fallen to levels last seen in the 1960s and official surveys have shown a major drop in drinking among young people .
more than a quarter of under-24s are teetotal and fewer than a fifth ever go binge drinking , according to 2013 estimates .
in 2013 tobacco smoking among young women aged 18 to 24 dropped by 10 per cent , and among young men by almost as much .
state surveys also showed a major drop in 2013 in numbers of people in the same age group who took any illegal drug , down from 19.3 per cent to 16.3 per cent .
some researchers have pointed to a ` facebook effect ' which has led teenagers who would once have spent their spare time on the streets instead to devote it to playing with gadgets in their bedrooms .
widespread public disapproval of smoking , drunkenness , drug abuse and teen mothers is also likely to have influenced teen behaviour .
professor candace currie of st andrews , who assembled evidence drawn up from surveys and official statistics carried out in europe and north