by .
sean poulter .
only seven per cent of britons would pay more than a tenner for wine - and women are more frugal than men .
most britons refuse to pay more than # 6 for a bottle of wine while only one in three can name a single grape variety , it is claimed .
the shift to cheap plonk has brought claims that britain , which imports more wine than any other nation , is effectively dumbing down as a wine nation .
some 80 per cent of all wine sold in the uk sells for less than # 6 , which leaves very little profit for the producers once tax -- at 60 per cent - and shipping is taken out of the equation .
today , just 7 per cent of us are prepared to part with more than # 10 for a bottle of wine , according to research by drinks specialist harpers .
the research found that a third can not name a single grape type and only four per cent can name more than 10 .
overall , women were far less knowledgeable than men .
it might be assumed that the reason most people opt for cheap wine is a result of a five year cost of living squeeze , coupled with confusion and ignorance about what tastes good .
however , there is some research to suggest that a nation raised on big brands like jacobs creek , blue nun and piat d'or genuinely prefer the taste of cheaper wines rather than exclusive expensive vintages .
a study found that eight in ten people in blind taste tests preferred a bottle of wine costing # 4.99 over a # 19.99 option which was made from the same grapes .
six in ten thought the # 4.99 version was just so delicious that it must be the more expensive of the two , according to research by the london wine academy .
data was gathered from 20,000 enthusiasts attending courses with the academy over the last 20 years .
on average , 80per cent preferred the taste of cheaper , commercial aspen chardonnay from south east australia , which costs some # 4.99 from majestic wine .
they put it ahead of the more expensive , small-volume gerard thomas st. aubin 1er cru from burgundy , france , which is