they 're the best of friends who work and play together , so it 's hardly surprising that gigi hadid has picked up some words of wisdom from kendall jenner .
the 19-year-old model took inspiration from the keeping up with the kardashians star when it came to learning how to deal with negative feedback , particularly on social media .
speaking to style.com , gigi said : ` from kendall i learned how to deal with the haters .
she has a really good sense of when to stand up -lsb- on social media -rsb- and when to back off .
' scroll down for video .
gigi hadid has credited her best friend kendall jenner , right , for helping her deal with social media haters .
and it 's not only kendall , 19 , who gigi has taken social media tips from as she believes former victoria 's secret model karlie kloss is comfortable with her social media persona .
she added : ' i think she does such a good job of showing who she is .
she lets her personality really shine in her instagram .
' while kendall jenner is taking the fashion world by the storm , she has her fair share of haters .
the fledgling model 's meteoric rise as a professional runway model reportedly sparked the ire and resentment of some of her colleagues , according to a report .
at new york fashion week , kendall was allegedly bullied by her fellow models , who even went so far as to put cigarettes out in her drink .
in another incident , lexi boling , along with fellow model binx walton , left cruel comments on a pre-show image of kendall shared on vogue germany 's instagram feed .
the 19-year-old model took inspiration from the keeping up with the kardashians star when it came to learning how to deal with negative feedback .
gigi said that kendall has a really good sense of when to stand up -lsb- on social media -rsb- and when to back off .
lexi , 21 , tagged her friend binx , 20 , in the comment : ' @binxwalton she 's never looked better , ' with a crying with laughter emoticon .
teen vogue cover star binx replied : ` that 's f **** d up , ' with the