vogue has unveiled the original casting polaroids of three victoria 's secret models , taken when they first tried to appear within the pages of the popular fashion magazine .
in honor of this year 's victoria 's secret fashion show , which took place in london on december 2 and will be broadcast tonight on cbs , the magazine dug into its archives to reveal images of models doutzen kroes , behati prinsloo and sigrid agren , all of whom appeared on this year 's catwalk .
taken between 2003 and 2007 and showcased on vogue.com , the three polaroids show each of the girls looking incredibly fresh-faced , wearing minimal make-up while modeling a plain black top or t-shirt .
scroll down for video .
supermodel in the making : dutch model doutzen kroes , now 29 , revealed that her agent said the appointment at vogue would ` make or break ' her career .
catwalk queen : earlier this month , the model appeared in her eighth consecutive victoria 's secret fashion show .
the images clearly contrast to the three models seen strutting down the runway at this year 's victoria 's secret show , showcasing the brand 's most extravagant and ornate underwear styles , while wearing an impressive array of angel wings , feather boas and sky-high heels .
speaking to vogue.com about her first casting with the magazine at the age of 18 , dutch model doutzen , now 29 , recalled how nervous she was during the first meeting .
` it was hot and humid and i was sweating like crazy !
' she said of the image , which was taken on august 28 , 2003 .
' i remember being thankful that the sweat stains were n't visible .
' ... i remember my agent being very clear that i needed to be on time and that this appointment was either going to make or break me .
i kept thinking , `` great !
no pressure !
'' ' fresh-faced and carefree : behati prinsloo attended her first casting for vogue at the very start of her career when she was just 16 years old .
ruling the runway : now 25 , the model has walked for the likes of chanel , louis vuitton and prada .
it seems she had nothing to be nervous about