a middle-aged accounts manager claims he was forced by a female boss to dress up as father christmas while working at dow jones because he was older than everyone else -lrb- stock picture -rrb- .
a middle-aged accounts manager claims he was forced by a female boss to dress up as father christmas while working at dow jones because he was older than everyone else .
james mcclellan , 53 , claims he was forced out of the company because of sexism and ageism at the hands of a younger female manager .
he is now suing the financial news and publishing giant claiming he was sidelined as an accounts payable manager for the company in london , which is owned by rupert murdoch .
in documents lodged at the central london employment tribunal , the father-of-three from maidstone in kent , said he was painted as a ` misogynist ' and told by his manager azmina airi that he underestimated ` the girls ' .
but he insists he was just raising ` grave concerns ' his team was being overstretched , and said he was made to feel singled out by ms airi .
in the statement he said : ` at our first meeting she informed me that she had been observing me and was of the view that i was ` rigid and stuck in my ways ' .
' i found this offensive suggesting that she was judging me on the basis of my age and her pre-conception of how set in their ways a middle aged person is .
` at christmas 2013 she demanded that i dress up as the secret santa .
i was given no option and again felt that i was being discriminated against on the basis of age .
i found the experience uncomfortable .
' he added : ` she selected me because i was the ` nice old buffer ' everyone liked .
i would be happy to suffer the embarrassment .
' mr mcclellan began working at dow jones in may 2011 to manage accounts payable .
in documents lodged at the central london employment tribunal james mcclellan , said he was painted as a ` misogynist ' and told by his manager azmina airi that he underestimated ` the girls ' in october 2013 ms airi joined the team and became his manager , overseeing