the little brother of a nine-year-old fatally stabbed at a playground near his western michigan home had touching and shockingly mature words to share at a memorial service wednesday .
kameron verkerke , at just 7-years-old , told a packed church in kent county that his brother connor -- who he helped get home in the wake of the tragedy -- would have wanted his family to stay strong despite their pain .
` it 's hard to go through this , ' kameron said .
` but he 's in a better place , and we know that he does n't want us to be sad all our life .
we know he wants us to be happy , even though it 's really hard to .
' brave words : dani verkerke gives a high five to her son kameron verkerke , 7 after he spoke at his brother michael connor verkerke 's memorial .
grieving : a close family friend , left , hugs connor 's mother , dani , during the church event .
after kameron 's beautiful speech , his mother dani gave him a much deserved high-five as the mournful event continued .
michael connor verkerke 's ` life had barely begun , ' pastor brad kalajainen told the hundreds of mourners at cornerstone church .
the .
boy , called connor by family and friends , was playing with some other .
children on the playground in kentwood , near grand rapids , on august 4 , .
when witnesses say one boy pulled a knife and stabbed connor in the .
back .
connor died at a hospital , and the alleged assailant , a 12-year-old , is facing a murder charge .
the service was largely free of talk about the incident .
michael connor verkerke , aged nine , was fatally stabbed at a playground in michigan - today friends and family remembered him during a memorial service -lrb- his father , jared , pictured getting a hug before the event -rrb- .
horrific : the nine-year-old was remembered as a big-hearted and fun-loving boy who was taken much too soon .
state of shock : connor 's grandmother , toni nunemaker , gave a speech during the memorial service at cornerstone church in caledonia , michigan .
` it was all about connor , whose father called him `