by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
12:43 est , 20 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
13:10 est , 20 september 2012 .
victims of bernard madoff 's fraud will soon receive $ 2.48 billion to help cover their losses .
the payout more than triples their total recovery to about $ 3.63 billion , but is still only half of what was lost , the trustee liquidating the imprisoned swindler 's firm said .
checks ranging from $ 1,784 to $ 526.9 million were mailed on wednesday to 1,230 former customers of bernard l. madoff investment securities llc , according to trustee irving picard .
the average payout is $ 2.02 million .
fraudster : 1,230 victims of bernie madoff 's ponzi scheme lost an estimated total of $ 9.15 billion .
left , pictured in his police mugshot , right , leaving court during his trial .
irving picard , bankruptcy trustee in the bernard madoff case , exits the u.s. bankruptcy court in february .
madoff 's victims earlier recovered .
$ 1.15 billion , including sums committed by the securities investor .
protection corp , which helps customers of failed brokerages .
u.s. bankruptcy judge burton lifland .
in manhattan authorized the latest distribution last month following two .
legal victories for the trustee .
in june , the u.s. supreme court let stand a lower court decision that endorsed picard 's methods for calculating losses .
in .
july , a former madoff customer dropped a court challenge to a $ 7.2 .
billion forfeiture by the estate of madoff investor jeffry picower .
of .
that sum , $ 5 billion would go to the madoff firm 's estate , and the rest .
to the u.s. government .
picard has recovered $ 9.15 billion , or 53 per cent of the $ 17.3 billion he believes was lost in madoff 's ponzi scheme .
the trustee is holding some funds in reserve as some madoff victims pursue their own cases to recover more money .
picard said this litigation is delaying further distributions .
the .
trustee is also appealing court decisions that have limited his claims .
against banks such as jpmorgan chase & co that did business with .
madoff .
a spokeswoman for picard was not immediately available to comment on the latest distribution .