alex salmond sparked outrage yesterday by comparing the scottish referendum to south africa 's post-apartheid election .
the first minister said the sight of his countrymen waiting in line to register to vote was similar to that of black south africans forming long queues outside polling stations in 1994 .
but while scots have long enjoyed the full trappings of democracy -- and elect both scottish and uk mps -- black south africans were having their first sight of the ballot box after centuries of cruel exclusion .
scroll down for video .
alex salmond said the sight of his countrymen waiting in line to register to vote was similar to that of black south africans in the first post-apartheid election .
peter hain , a labour ex-minister and anti-apartheid campaigner , said mr salmond 's south africa comparison was ` preposterous ' .
` it was the first free , democratic election in south africa 's history , when people who had never been allowed to vote in their lives did so , ' he added .
` comparing that with the scottish referendum just underlines how the yes campaign is resorting to desperation and irrationality .
` south africa was a brutal police state , with state terror , state-sponsored assassinations , torture , absolute denial of human dignity if you had the wrong colour skin .
` to compare it to scots seeking independence is just insulting to the freedom struggle that nelson mandela led .
' labour peer lord foulkes said : ` it is an outrageous comparison .
black people were oppressed and unable to vote , which has never been the case in scotland .
` it is insulting to anyone involved in democratic elections here over the century and belittles what people went through in south africa .
` this is typical of salmond 's hyperbole .
scots have always been a key part of running the uk , including with scottish prime ministers .
` he accuses the no campaign of panicking , but making this comparison is just desperation .
' and bbc broadcaster sue macgregor , who was raised in south africa by scottish parents , said : ` voting was not possible for many in south africa until that election , that is why they queued for one or two days to vote .
it is not comparable .