by .
ashley collman .
lauryn lax was on the brink of death when a group of nine strangers at her gym staged an intervention for the 23-year-old anorexic graduate student three years ago .
five-foot-four lax weighed just 79 pounds the morning the group stopped her in the parking lot of the green hills ymca in nashville and took her to vanderbilt university medical center for help .
in a phone interview with mailonline , lax confessed that she struggled with the eating disorder for more than a decade , and had been hospitalized a dozen or more times .
but it was that much needed ` wake-up call ' by the group of mere acquaintances that led her to finally get healthy .
graduate student lauryn lax was saved from near-certain death after a group of strangers at her ymca staged an intervention when they noticed how dangerously thin she was getting .
above , lax -lrb- in blue -rrb- reunited with some of her ` angels ' frank grant and his wife louise were two .
of the ymca members involved in the intervention , and had noticed the .
girl working out religiously - sometimes multiple times a day - at the .
gym for quite sometime .
before they learned her name , they called her ` that girl ' in conversations until they finally got the courage to say something .
suffering : lauryn hit rock bottom in august 2011 , when she stepped on the scale and saw that she was just 79 pounds .
mrs grant was the first to make the move .
on a monday morning , she approached lax as she was walking from the upstairs workout area to a downstairs weight machine .
' i know we do n't know each other , ' mrs grant recalled to the tennessean .
' i have to tell you that i would like to get you some help .
i believe that you have an eating disorder , and i really want to do something to help you .
' lax rebuffed mrs grant 's concerns , saying she was ok and had received counseling .
little did she know that lax had with anorexia nervosa since elementary school when a popular girl asked her how much she weighed at the age of 10 .
by the time lax was