a spat between mo farah and a great britain teammate has descended into a race row amid claims fellow 10,000 metre runner andy vernon suggested farah should not be representing great britain .
farah , who beat vernon to 10,000 metres gold at the european championships in zurich last summer , alleged his teammate suggested he did not deserve the title as he was not european .
farah made the claims when he was questioned on friday about a twitter spat the pair had earlier in the week .
the row between mo farah , left , and team-mate andy vernon has escalated , with vernon claiming remarks about the double olympic champion not being european were ` tongue-in-cheek ' vernon has admitted making a remark about farah , but said it was made in a ` jokey environment ' the 10,000 metre runner has accused farah of making an ` outrageous misrepresentation ' of his comments .
vernon said any claim that he genuinely did not regard farah as british , so he should have been given gold instead of his rival after coming second to him in zurich , was a ` complete lie ' the 31-year-old , who was born in mogadishu in somalia before moving to britain as a child , has apologised for the social media row , but admitted their past contributed to his frustrations boiling over .
vernon initially admitted making the comments in zurich , but insisted they were intended as ' a joke ' among a group of people ` having a laugh ' and apologised if they were taken out of context .
but , after reading in full farah 's remarks , he labelled them ` an outrageous misrepresentation ' of their ` tongue-in-cheek ' chat and claimed they were designed to portray him in a bad light .
he said in an interview with bbc radio solent : ` it 's an outrageous misrepresentation of the chat we had at the europeans .
` what i did say was completely tongue-in-cheek - in a jokey environment , we were all having fun , high spirits at the europeans .
` it was after our race and i , in a joking way , said , `` mo , i 'm european champion '' .
` that was it .
i do n't know where he 's got that