visiting different heritage sites is good for your happiness and wellbeing , a new study has found .
a new report found that visits to heritage sites ranging from historic towns to archaeological remains improve wellbeing to the tune of # 1,646 a year for the average visitor .
the figure represents the amount of money which provides the same impact on wellbeing as visiting heritage does , and is higher than the value of taking part in sports , which is calculated as being # 993 , the report from english heritage said .
heritage counts 2014 reveals visiting historic towns and cities , like berwick-upon-tweed in northumberland , has the most positive impact on our wellbeing .
the positive effect of visiting heritage sites is found to be the same or more than doing other activities , like viewing art or playing sport .
pictured : stonehenge .
the annual heritage counts report illustrates the vital role heritage plays in our national life by measuring its value and impact on individuals and communities .
of those surveyed , 73 per cent of adults and 69 per cent of five to 15-year-olds said they had visited an historic site in 2013 .
the study looked at eight different types of heritage over the past year and also investigated the monetary value of this positive impact on general wellbeing , estimated at # 1,646 per person per year for the average visitor .
as one of the key drivers of british tourism , heritage also offers a huge economic benefit to the local areas .
in 2011 , heritage sites and historical monuments provided 134,000 jobs and an output of over # 5 billion .
heritage counts 2014 examined value of both emotional and economic benefits .
pictured : hadrian 's wall .
heritage is also one of the key drivers of british tourism .
pictured : wrest park in bedfordshire , england .
in 2013 , 73 per cent of adults surveyed said they had visited historic sites .
pictured : dover castle in kent .
1 .
stonehenge , wiltshire .
2 .
1066 battle abbey .
3 .
dover castle , kent .
4 .
hadrian 's wall , northumberland .
5 .
tintagel castle , cornwall .
6 .
osborne house , isle of wight .
7 .
kenilworth house , warwickshire .
8 .
wrest