this two-year-old really has something to shout about - he has scaled the most spectacular mountains in the u.s. backpacking toddler bodhi bennett went on his first outdoor adventure when he was just five days old .
along with his mother shannon , 27 , who is currently pregnant with her second child , and father blake , 29 , he has taken part in numerous climbs and more than 300 miles of hiking .
shannon bennett and bodhi , 2 , jump in the air in celebration at the top of tioga peak , california .
shannon bennett , pictured left on top of cathedral peak , in yosemite , california , and right , bodhi on one of his hiking trips with his parents .
the mother and son duo pictured storm chasing in mcgee creek canyon in the sierra nevada .
bodhi pictured with his father blake bennett as they walk the john muir trail , in the ansel adams wilderness .
the youngster , from mammoth lakes in california , has witnessed stunning sights such as thousand island lake in the sierra nevada and yosemite national park .
in total he has explored around 40 different us states and the majority of america 's national parks .
since bodhi was born , mrs bennett has documented their hikes on instagram - racking up thousands of followers in the process .
she said : ` when i was pregnant with bodhi it was important to my husband and i that our lives did n't change because we were going to become parents .
` we had heard so many times that children change your life completely and you can no longer do those fun things you did when you were younger .
` but bodhi climbs everything and really enjoys mimicking what we do .
' the bennett family 's camp at alabama hills , lone pine , california .
blake and bodhi bennett at their campsite beside the stunning thousand island lake , california .
bodhi pictured undertaking his first grade 5.8 crack climb at iris slab in rock creek canyon , california .
thousand island lake , in california , is 3000m above sea level .
here bodhi is pictured walking its perimeter .
mrs bennett , who has years of climbing and backpacking experience , insists she takes extreme caution with bodhi while following