from a greasy-fry-up and strong coffee to ` hair of the dog ' and a dose of painkillers , britons have long sought after the perfect hangover cure .
and now even the nhs has issued official advice on how to combat a hangover -- do n't get drunk .
health bosses state the obvious in a ` hangover cures ' guide on the taxpayer-funded nhs choices website , dedicating a page to debunking myths about how to avoid a headache after a heavy night .
the nhs has issued official advice on how to combat a hangover -- do not get drunk in the first place -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
the common sense advice states : ` hangover cures are generally a myth .
there are no cures for a hangover .
there are tips for avoiding hangovers and for easing the symptoms .
` the best way to avoid a hangover is not to drink .
' with millions preparing for a new year knees-up on wednesday evening , the official advice from the health service adds that drinkers should consider eating pasta or rice before they go out .
the hangover guide also suggests drinking ` water or non-fizzy soft drinks in between each alcoholic drink ' , and drinking a pint of water before bed .
the patronising tips page adds : ` if you wake up the next morning feeling terrible , you probably did n't follow this advice .
' listing methods to lessen the alcohol-induced aches and pains felt the morning after the night before , the nhs choices page suggests taking paracetamol rather than aspirin , as the latter can cause nausea .
the official advice from the health service adds that drinkers should consider eating pasta or rice before going out -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
the humble bacon sandwich has long been considered a hangover cure , but nhs experts suggest trying bouillon soup instead .
other suggestions include drinking water , fizzy drinks or isotonic sports beverages to rehydrate the body .
the nhs ' top tip for hungover men and women is having some bouillon soup , a thin vegetable-based broth .
the soup ` is a good source of vitamins and minerals , which can top-up depleted resources .
its main advantage is that it 's easy for a fragile stomach to digest , ' the