by .
james rush .
a mexican metro driver has been caught on video playing farmville on his tablet computer while at the controls of a train .
passenger carlo segura linares took the video , which shows the train driver playing the game while driving through mexico city , on his mobile phone after getting on to the train .
the video , which has now been posted online , shows the man playing the game between the stations of cuatro caminos and tasquena in the mexican capital .
scroll down for video .
a mexican metro driver has been caught on video playing farmville on his tablet computer while at the controls of a train .
passenger carlo segura linares took the video on his mobile phone , which shows the train driver at the controls of the vehicle at the same time as playing the game .
mr linares said : ' i could n't believe it when i got onto the train and saw this guy that was supposed to be driving playing farmville on his tablet .
' i grabbed my phone straightaway because i knew no one would believe me , and i wanted to make sure everybody realised how we were putting lives at risk with idiots like this .
' in a message alongside the video posted online , mr linares wrote : ` look at this , this is our security , this is our safety in the hands of this idiot who feels he would rather play farmville .
` can you believe it ?
i wonder what his bosses will say when they see it on facebook .
' the video , which was posted online , shows the man playing the game between the stations of cuatro caminos and tasquena in the mexican capital .
mr linares said he was most shocked when the driver appeared to shut the doors only to open them again a short while later , which allowed him to continue playing the game uninterrupted for a few more seconds .
the driver has now been suspended after the video was widely shared on social media .
the company issued a statement on its website which read : ` with regards to the video currently circulating on social media networks showing a driver at work , we can confirm that proceedings have been started