a teacher who repeatedly had sex with a student starting when he was just 15 years old has been released from jail after two years .
kathryn camille murray , now 31 , had to take a taxi from the harris county jail after she was released today - because no one was there to pick her up .
video from kprc-tv shows murray getting into a cab outside the jail .
she appeared to be wearing blue jailhouse scrubs - with a cardigan sweater on top .
scroll down for video .
kathryn murray , now 31 , took a taxi from the harris county jail after she was released on wednesdsay .
murray was ordered released for time served least week - two years - after she pleaded guilty to having sex with an eighth grade student .
she held in her hands a pair of jeans - possibly what she wore the day she was arrested for a second time for having sex with student jimmy pallais .
kathryn camille murray , 31 , was in court in harris county , texas on wednesday for her sentencing after she pleaded guilty to sexual assault of a child and improper relationship with a student .
but because she has been in jail since january 2013 , the judge gave her credit for time served and ordered her to be released from jail without probation , khou11 reported .
as she left the court at the end of the hearing , she was seen smiling , kprc footage shows .
freed : kathryn murray , 31 , smiled as she was sentenced to time served on wednesday for repeatedly having sex with her 15-year-old student - even after she was arrested and ordered to keep away from him .
in court : she must now register as a sex offender and has lost her teaching license .
` we are very disappointed with the sentence and never agreed with the sentence , ' the boy 's mother , jenny pallais , told khou .
` we are still working hard to put our family back together .
' her son jimmy , who revealed his identity to abc 's 20/20 last year , had been adopted by the family from costa rica and brought to the u.s. when he was 14 - and barely spoke any english .
murray