by .
beth stebner .
published : .
17:27 est , 12 april 2012 .
| .
updated : .
00:02 est , 13 april 2012 .
a wife and mother said she believes in miracles after sewer workers found the $ 6,000 custom , made diamond wedding ring that she accidentally flushed down the toilet more than a year ago .
mechelle rieger accidentally flushed the gold band with seven diamonds down the toilet 18 months ago .
despite her husband paul disassembling the latrine and going into the plumbing under the house , the ring was nowhere to be found .
she claimed the seven-diamond ring this morning at city hall in kuna , idaho , bringing with her a photo and the march 2001 appraisal from the jeweller that made it , kboi2.com originally reported .
the ring cycle : mechelle rieger , third from left , has been reunited with her $ 6,000 engagement ring after she accidentally flushed it down the toilet nearly two years ago .
lost and found : mrs rieger was able to claim the custom-made ring after bringing proof of ownership from the original jeweller .
mrs rieger thanked city workers travis fleming and carey knight , who spotted the ring along with loose coins in a filtration basket while doing routine maintenance last week .
mr knight , who works alongside mr fleming as a sewer worker , told kboi.com that he originally thought the ring was a fake .
` after i got it cleaned up , i could tell it was real , ' he said .
mr fleming added that the ring was the rarest find he 's seen in the sewers .
upon broadcasting the report of the found ring , people from around the country called them and tried to convince the workers the ring was theirs .
` we were getting calls from states all over -- even one from virginia , ' city hall worker chris engles told kboi2.com .
good deed : kuna city workers travis fleming , left , and carey knight found the ring and passed it on to city hall .
mrs rieger , who was alerted by a friend , was frantic to get her ring back .
she rushed to the jeweller in boise where she had the ring custom-made and requested a certificate to prove ownership