trevor whitehead , pictured , may have fallen from a tree to is death while trying to spot wildlife , an inquest heard .
an award-winning nature photographer found dead in a stream at a remote beauty spot may have accidentally fallen from a tree to his death while trying to spot wildlife , an inquest heard .
building society cashier trevor whitehead , 51 , had walked to a secluded spot of woodland on the lookout for birds and other creatures .
one theory is that he was overcome by a dizzy spell as he clambered onto a branch 30ft above the ground before falling to his death , a coroner was told .
it is thought he may have been lying dead for weeks before his body was discovered by a father and his two children who were climbing up to a waterfall .
at an inquest , a coroner was unable to rule on a cause of death but inquiries revealed mr whitehead 's rucksack was found hanging from the tree branch above his body in a renowned wildlife haven in belthorn , lancashire .
the hearing was told mr whitehead , from accrington , lancashire , who lived alone , worked at the skipton building society and was ` mad ' on wildlife and would go out walking every weekend and often before work .
he would travel to scotland to watch the seals and once won a canon camera competition for the prince 's trust for a photograph of a butterfly as well as numerous other prizes .
the hearing in blackburn was told mr whitehead trekked to what was described as a ` good vantage point for bird and nature watching ' where ramblers or walkers rarely used a track .
he was reported missing by his mother on april 11 after he failed to show up for work - but no trace of him was found despite public appeals and searches by mountain rescue teams .
he was found at around noon on may 31 by christopher shaw and his two children who spotted his body in shallow water within the ravine which had steep sided overgrown gullies .
in mr whitehead 's rucksack , there was found to be medication from 2011 thought to have been for leg pain , a receipt for energy bars purchased on april 5 , a wallet