by .
suzannah hills .
published : .
06:31 est , 28 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:52 est , 28 january 2013 .
reunited : margaret charles , 79 , feared she would never see her cairn terrier maisie again .
a pet dog found alive after going missing for eight days in freezing -15 c conditions during britain 's cold snap has been reunited with her delighted owner .
cairn terrier maisie disappeared after her owner margaret charles fell over during a walk in dunwich heath national park in east suffolk , sparking a large-scale search .
incredibly , the three-year-old dog managed to survive for eight days without food and water by creating an igloo for herself .
she was eventually found trapped by a tree by a volunteer with a tracker dog .
maisie has now been reunited with her delighted owner mrs charles , 79 , who said she thought she would never see her pet dog alive again .
mother-of-two mrs charles , of middleton , near aldeburgh , suffolk , said : ` it 's just incredible that i 've got maisie back .
` i 'm so happy to get her back alive and in one piece .
' i did n't think i 'd see maisie alive again as she was out in this terrible cold .
' i was at the end of my tether and i could n't function normally , i was so worried for her .
` maisie is my whole life , i love her to bits .
i could n't imagine never seeing her again .
' maisie had run off after margaret slipped on black ice while walking her on dunwich heath on january 16 .
mrs charles spent the next week trying to find maisie with the help of friends and family but with no success .
jenny brown , a volunteer with dog lost which helps trace missing dogs , then offered to help the search by bringing her highly-skilled tracker dog tigger up from kent the next day .
trapped : three-year-old maisie disappeared on dunwich heath in east suffolk where her lead became trapped on a tree .
clever escape : maisie , pictured with her owner margaret charles , manged to dig a hole in the snow which she crawled into to keep warm .
incredibly