in a house boasting 45 bedrooms set over seven storeys , you can bet it 's a bit of a faff if you need a glass of water in the night .
that said , if you 've got the # 300million needed to buy this super-mansion , there 's every chance that will be someone else 's problem .
the london residence by hyde park has come on the market following the death of owner sultan bin abdulaziz , the crown prince of saudi arabia .
a very des res : the # 300million ` family home ' on sale facing hyde park in knightsbridge , which used to be owned by the late lebanese prime minister rafiq hariri .
former lebanese prime minister rafiq hariri pictured in 2000 with his wife nazek audeh .
the house was also owned by rafiq hariri , the late former prime minister of lebanon and billionaire tycoon , until his assassination by a huge bomb in beirut , the lebanese capital , in 2005 .
after .
his death , it was given as a gift to sultan bin abdulaziz , the late .
crown prince of saudi arabia , with whom mr hariri had close business .
ties .
leading london estate agents savills .
and beauchamp estates both told the ft the property , which is not .
officially on the market , is probably the largest single family home .
left in london .
if it sells it will become the most expensive private home in britain , more than double the previous uk .
house-price record of # 140million .
the incredible price tag shows how far the luxury london .
property market has boomed even as the uk economy tanks .
it is being offered to a select list of wealthy international buyers .
with a valuation nearly 800 times the average london property price of # 388,000 , it seems set to become the most expensive home ever sold in britain .
originally built as four separate family houses , the grand seven-storey , stucco-fronted residence runs from 2-8a rutland gate , knightsbridge .
the 60,000 sq/ft living space - only slightly smaller than a football pitch - includes a large swimming pool , industrial-size catering kitchen , underground parking and several lifts .
millions of pounds worth of gold leaf adorn the internal decor ,