by .
hugo duncan .
the latest figures from the oedc back george osborne 's economic plan , showing 100,000 jobs are being added every month .
george osborne yesterday received a boost from a respected international watchdog , which declared he was right to stick to his economic plan .
the chancellor 's strategy was backed by the organisation for economic cooperation and development as a separate report said that firms are taking on about 100,000 staff a month .
the figure from research group markit -- which equates to about 3,300 workers a day or 1.2 million a year -- would push employment to a record high of more than 31.5 million by the general election in may next year .
the oecd said it expects output in the uk to grow by 3.2 per cent this year -- up from the 2.4 per cent predicted in november .
that is faster than any country in the group of seven major industrialised nations .
angel gurria , secretary general of the oecd , said the recovery will continue to build .
in a blow to labour , he added : .
` there were millions of voices rising in the uk saying change course .
in the end the british government was proven right .
' mr osborne said the latest forecasts were ` a real vote of confidence in the uk 's long term economic plan ' but warned that risks remain .
` britain is coming back and our long term economic plan is working , ' a treasury spokesman said .
` but we ca n't take the recovery for granted .
` the impact of the great recession is still being felt , but the foundations for a broad based recovery are now in place .
the biggest risk to economic security would be abandoning the plan that is laying those foundations .
' the report is a further blow to ed miliband and ed balls , who have consistently criticised the chancellor 's austerity plans only to see the recovery take off .
danny alexander , chief secretary to the treasury , welcomed ` a growing tide of better economic news for the uk and a growing headache for the labour party and their narrative on the economy ' .
danny alexander -lrb- left -rrb- welcomed the figures and said the news represented