the idaho court of appeals has thrown out a black man 's sex crime convictions , saying the prosecutor interjected race in closing arguments by quoting lyrics from the confederate anthem ` dixie ' .
all three judges agreed that canyon county deputy prosecutor erica kallin erred in citing a song praising what the judges called ` pernicious racism ' that might have influenced the jury .
` this prosecutor may not have intended to appeal to racial bias , but a prosecutor 's mental state , however innocent , does not determine the message received by the jurors or their individual responses to it , ' the judges wrote in the opinion .
scroll down for video .
canyon county deputy prosecutor erica kallin -lrb- pictured with prosecutor bryan taylor after receiving an award in 2012 -rrb- quoted lyrics from the confederate anthem ` dixie ' im her closing arguments at the trial of a black pedophile , causing his convictions to be thrown out due to racism .
` an invocation of race by a prosecutor , even if subtle and oblique , may be violative of due process or equal protection .
' in april 2013 james d. kirk , then 45 , was sentenced to 20 years in prison after the jury found him guilty of committing lewd conduct against a 17-year-old girl and sexually battering a 13-year-old girl .
both teenagers are white .
kallin began quoting ` dixie ' lyrics as a response to the defense 's closing arguments that focused on the perceived weaknesses in the state 's case , including the failure to gather physical evidence to help prove the girls ' testimony .
' i always think of this one song .
some people know it .
it 's the dixie song .
right ?
` oh i wish i was in the land of cotton .
good times not forgotten .
look away .
look away .
look away , '' kallin said during the state 's closing arguments .
` and is n't that really what you 've kind of been asked to do ?
look away from the two eyewitnesses .
look away from the two victims .
look away from the nurse and her medical opinion .
look away .
look away .
look away .
' after kirk was convicted , eric fredericksen - with the