by .
becky evans .
and ap reporter .
refugees fleeing persecution in their home country because they are gay should be granted asylum in the european union , the bloc 's top court ruled today .
judges at the european court of justice said homosexuals facing imprisonment may have sufficient grounds to be allowed to stay in the eu .
the existence of laws imprisoning homosexuals ` may constitute an act of persecution per se ' if they are routinely enforced , the court said .
the european court of justice said existence of laws prohibiting homosexuality could be an act of persecution ` per se ' a homosexual can not be expected to conceal his sexual orientation in his home country to avoid persecution , since it would amount to renouncing a ` characteristic fundamental to a person 's identity , ' the court added .
international treaties say people must prove they have a ` well-founded fear ' of persecution for reasons of race , religion , ethnicity or political opinion if they are to obtain asylum .
it is not yet clear how asylum authorities are supposed to check a seeker 's claim they are gay .
the court said it will be up to europe 's national authorities to determine whether the situation in an applicant 's home country amounts to persecution , especially whether homosexuals are indeed sentenced to prison terms there .
some nations have laws against homosexuality but rarely enforce them .
the european court ruled on three cases of nationals from sierra leone , uganda and senegal seeking asylum in the netherlands .
the case was brought by the dutch supreme court seeking clarification on the application of relevant eu laws .
the supreme court said it will now proceed with the asylum cases and others brought on the same grounds since the cases were sent to luxembourg in april 2012 .
however , it still remains unclear how national asylum authorities should check a person 's claim of being homosexual .
the dutch supreme court in march also referred that problem to the judges , asking what the limits are for the ` method of assessing the credibility of a declared sexual orientation ' under eu laws .
but the european court of justice is n't expected to rule on that issue before next year .