almost # 90,000 worth of goods has been stolen from parliament buildings since 2010 , official figures reveal .
expensive electronic gadgets including ipads , laptops and cameras have been regularly targeted by parliamentary thieves .
but house of commons documents reveal that mps and their staff have reported a host of other bizarre thefts -- including of a teddy bear , some champagne and even a dental mould .
expensive electronic gadgets including ipads , laptops and cameras have been regularly targeted by parliamentary thieves .
other items which have been reported stolen include an ` orchid ' , ` beer casks ' , a ` pedal bikes ' , ` six boxes of mints ' and some ` floral arrangements ' .
some # 900 in cash , # 450 worth of knives and a # 1,700 rolex watch have also been stolen .
the thefts comes despite armed police and sniffer dogs patrolling the palace of westminster 365 days a year .
just under # 11,500 worth of goods were stolen from parliament this year , official figures show .
this is more than double the # 4,200 worth of items which went missing last year .
in 2012 , goods valued at # 17,500 went missing - down from a whopping # 43,600 worth of laptops , ipads and other gadgets which were stolen in 2011 .
in the first year of the coalition , goods worth # 10,500 were stolen .
tory mp keith simpson said : ` it 's worrying people working here may be stealing .
' expensive electronic gadgets including ipads , laptops and cameras have been regularly targeted by parliamentary thieves .
veteran labour mp dennis skinner was one of the most high-profile victims of the parliamentary crime spree when his bike was stolen .
the 82-year-old mp discovered the theft of his 18-gear hybrid bike when he turned up to collect mail before a meeting of labour 's national executive committee .
he said : ` it was parked 20 yards from a police box - but they ca n't keep an eye on my bike all day long .
' mr skinner says he used the bike for exercise , completing three or four laps of hyde park on fine days in the spring and summer .
veteran labour mp dennis skinner was one of the most high-profile victims