by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
published : .
10:30 est , 30 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
03:00 est , 31 january 2014 .
ex-lib dem leader paddy ashdown has spoken of being caught up in a car crash in which a man died .
former lib dem leader paddy ashdown and his wife have been involved in a three-car collision which left another driver dead .
the 72-year-old peer and his wife jane have spoken of their devastation at the crash on a notorious accident black spot near their somerset home .
it is thought a vauxhall corsa driven by mark hurford clipped the ashdowns ' renault scenic as it came round a corner .
both the peer and his wife walked away unscathed but mr hurford , who was 49 , died at the scene .
police are appealing for witnesses of the incident to come forward .
lord ashdown , of norton-sub-hamdon , somerset , said : ` we were coming back from the station and my wife was driving me home .
` we were about a mile outside crewkerne and a car came around the corner .
` my wife was in the driver 's seat , and miraculously and thankfully she was unhurt .
` however , the young man was dead by the time i reached him .
' the peer added : ` we are very shaken by it , but of course very concerned for the young man 's family and wife .
' i have been in touch with his wife and we are devastated for them and send them our prayers and condolences .
' crash victim : vauxhall corsa driver mark hurford died in the three-car crash in somerset which paddy ashdown was involved in .
the crash happened just after 5pm on january 24 at turnpike cross on the a356 , between the a303 and crewkerne .
police are looking into the circumstances of the crash and have appealed for witnesses .
however the incident has sparked members of nearby chiselborough parish council to renew their calls for safety measures along the a356 .
the road is a notorious accident black-spot and has been the subject of a campaign for safety improvements by local residents .
a 29-year-old passenger in a transit .
van also involved in the incident was