james mcclean has explained why he did not wear a poppy-embroidered shirt like the rest of his wigan team-mates at bolton on friday night .
this weekend 's round of fixtures will see clubs up and down the country wear poppies on their jerseys to commemorate remembrance sunday on the 100th anniversary of the outbreak of the first world war .
however , londonderry-born republic of ireland winger mcclean , 25 , took the personal decision not to wear a shirt emblazoned with a poppy at the macron stadium .
wigan winger james mcclean refused to wear a poppy on his shirt against bolton .
mcclean looked dejected during his side 's 3-1 defeat against bolton at the macron stadium .
mcclean did not wear a poppy on his shirt during a match between sunderland and everton in 2012 .
mcclean 's then sunderland team-mate john o'shea did wear a poppy-embroidered shirt during the game .
latics ' official website published a letter from mcclean addressed to wigan chairman dave whean before kick-off on friday night in which the winger , who was named among the substitutes , clarified his stance .
in that letter , mcclean said : ' i have complete respect for those who fought and died in both world wars - many i know were irish-born .
i have been told that your own grandfather paddy whelan , from tipperary , was one of those .
' i mourn their deaths like every other decent person and if the poppy was a symbol only for the lost souls of world war one and two i would wear one ; i want to make that 100 per cent clear .
you must understand this .
` but the poppy is used to remember victims of other conflicts since 1945 and this is where the problem starts for me .
former sunderland winger mcclean refused to wear a poppy on his shirt unlike his wigan athletic team-mates .
wigan 's james perch warmed up for his side 's match against bolton with a giants poppy on the front of his top .
the giant screen at the macron stadium showed a tribute to remembrance sunday .
bolton wanderers players and lofty the lion observe the minute silence during their home clash against wigan .
mcclean 's manager uwe rosler and his coaching staff also observed the minute 's