by .
eddie wrenn .
published : .
05:51 est , 19 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
06:54 est , 19 october 2012 .
director duncan roy was arrested last november - and held in prison for three months without a trial or the option to post bail .
british film director duncan roy is suing the los angeles county sheriff after , he claims , he became ` lost ' in the prison system for three months - with no option to post bail and no legal recourse .
the director was caught in what the la times called a ` kafka-esque corner of america 's immigration war ' , after his name was flagged up by the immigration and customs enforcement .
despite having the means to post a # 35,000 bail on an extortion charge , the director , whose best-known film is a semi-autobiographical account , ` aka ' , instead became trapped in a vicious circle .
the county sheriff would not accept bail until custom officers had cleared his records - but somehow roy was lost in the system and a ` ice hold ' , which normally lasts 48 hours , was never lifted .
roy , who is recovering from testicular cancer , said he suffered a nervous breakdown during his 89 days inside .
four other plaintiffs are making similar claims against the department , in a lawsuit being filed by the aclu -lrb- american civil liberties union -rrb- today .
according to the la times , roy was arrested on november 15 in malibu on an extortion charge .
he was in the country legally - but was identified as a suspected legal immigrant when his fingerprints were put through the system .
when this occurs , all bail possibilities are held - which the aclu breaks a ` fundamental principle ' of justice .
but for roy , it was worse , for while a hold should be a straightforward procedure , it turned into a three-month nightmare from which there was ` no escape ' , .
it is claimed there are thousands of people who get trapped in similar situations - although the aclu says in its suit that the holds system may itself have been put on hold in the last week .
incarcerated : duncan roy was kept at the los angeles