sitting pretty : marina asenova says her face was used on sally hansen cosmetics but she never received a payment .
a model agency is apparently refusing to pay one its former female talents for a near decade-long endorsement deal with sally hansen , made without her permission .
marina asenova from bulgaria , decided to sue new york-based mc2 models last year after she spotted her image plastered on boxes of hair removal and bleaching cream while a trip to the u.s. .
she claimed she was unaware of the modelling contract and never received payment .
instead , the agency , which should have made a small percentage from the deal , took the full cut .
however , its co-founder jeffrey fuller told the daily news that it does not owe the five-foot-nine-inch brunette anything because ` it no longer represents her ' and she was ` an average model at best ' .
he continued : ` ms. asenova was never a supermodel ... it 's a shame her career has dwindled down to the point -lsb- where she 's suing for money -rsb- .
' he apparently claims that he can no longer find payment records and he told mailonline that she has been ` paid in full ' based on the original terms .
now a frustrated ms asenova has turned her attention to sally hansen 's parent company , coty cosmetics , which she claims continue to use her image .
last week she filed an amended suit in manhattan supreme court demanding that the beauty giant pulls items with her face on , off shelves .
her lawyer , tom mullaney says his client just wants the money she is owed .
` she was n't too average to hire , but she was too average to pay , ' he explained .
' i hope they tell that to the judge .
' ms asenova was represented by mc2 models while she lived in manhattan , but parted ways with the agency when she returned to europe in 2006 .
products : ms asenova 's smiling face on a box of hair bleaching cream .
image : she is uncertain how much the modelling contract was worth .
but on a trip back to the city , she .
nipped into a duane reade pharmacy and saw her image had been