for the last two years , dale decker has suffered 100 orgasms a day - but has not enjoyed one .
the 37-year-old is the first man to speak out about suffering persistent genital arousal syndrome .
he developed the condition in september 2012 after slipping a disc in his back while getting out of a chair .
scroll down for video .
dale decker , 37 , from wisconsin , pictured with his wife april is the first man to speak out publicly about suffering persistent genital arousal syndrome .
while he was en route to the hospital , he suffered five orgasms .
since that moment he has been plagued by the condition , he describes as ` disgusting and horrendous ' .
according to medical literature , trauma to the pelvic nerves can trigger hypersensitivity in this area .
the painful pelvic condition has left him housebound and isolated , through fear of suffering a public orgasm .
the condition that causes him to suffer more than 100 orgasms each day after he slipped a disc in his back two years ago .
since that moment he has been plagued by the condition , he describes as ` disgusting ' he said : ` imagine being on your knees at your father 's funeral beside his casket - saying goodbye to him and then you have nine orgasms right there .
` while your whole family is standing behind you .
it makes you never want to have another orgasm for as long as you live .
` there 's nothing pleasurable about it because even though it might feel physically good - you 're completely disgusted by what 's going on .
' he added : ` if you 're in public , if you 're in front of kids - it 's disgusting and it can break you real fast .
` it happened to me at the grocery store and when it was over there were around 150 people looking straight at me - why would i leave the house when something like this can happen .
' the painful pelvic condition has left him housebound and isolated , through fear of suffering a public orgasm .
he is pictured experiencing orgasms while out playing frisbee golf at his home in two rivers , wisconsin .
april and dale decker pictured today -lrb- left