currently showing in cinemas , the new documentary montage of heck claims to offer the most intimate glimpse yet into the life of nirvana frontman kurt cobain .
but one los angeles resident can offer fans an even more intense taste of the singer 's life , by letting them sleep in his house .
cobain lived in this two bedroom apartment on spaulding avenue in l.a. 's fairfax district during the height of nirvana-mania .
scroll down for video .
the two-bedroom apartment is inside a 1920 's building on spaulding avenue l.a. 's fairfax district .
a picture taken of kurt cobain in the early 90s , sitting on the end of the double bed he shared with courtney love .
and with a parrot resting on his head , of course .
the graffiti , however , has long since disappeared .
now its current owner , brandon kleinman , 31 , has listed it on airbnb .
he wrote on the page advertising it : ` the place is the perfect combination of comfort , style , location and ... rock n ' roll history .
` kurt cobain and courtney love lived in the home during the height of nirvana 's musical influence 91-92 to be specific .
` at the time , kurt was focused on song writing and his artwork , much of which was created in the apartment .
` he -lrb- cobain -rrb- was particularly into painting during this time and even decorated the walls in the living room and bedroom .
' ` his favourite spot in the house : the bathtub .
in it , he wrote the song ` heart-shaped box .
' the couple lived in the apartment in 1991 and 1992 , just before frances bean cobain was born .
it is described as ` beautiful , decorated and clean ' - a far cry from the squalor revealed in photographs taken when cobain moved out in 1992 .
according to charles r. cross 's 2001 cobain biography heavier than heaven , the singer and his wife rented the unit for $ 1,100 -lrb- # 727 -rrb- a month .
during the time they lived there , love was pregnant with frances bean cobain , while cobain was focusing on song writing and his artwork , much of which was created in the apartment .
current