by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
published : .
10:34 est , 15 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:13 est , 15 november 2013 .
four in 10 people are so disconnected from politics they might not vote , new research shows .
the alienated voters do not trust people in public life and are left unimpressed by all political parties .
the commons anti-sleaze watchdog warns that the under-30s are particularly disenchanted , raising fears for the voter turnout in the future .
the committee on standards in public life .
sounded the alarm on voter apathy after comedian russell brand and .
newsnight 's jeremy paxman said they had chosen to vote because they were .
so unimpressed by the choices on offer .
apathy : jeremy paxman and russell brand have admitted in recent weeks not voting after being left unimpressed by today 's crop of politicians .
a poll by the committee found a ` considerable proportion ' of the british population , around 40 per cent of those surveyed , were ` disconnected ' or ` alienated ' from the domain of party politics .
` for them , the system offers no party sufficiently attractive to win their vote , ' the committee said .
` these citizens in particular hold sceptical or deeply sceptical perceptions of standards and do not trust those in public life .
' they are not just disconnected by the incumbent government , but are also turned off by the opposition and even the newer , smaller political parties like the greens , ukip and the bnp .
voters are also now more likely to say mps will take bribes , lie and are out of touch .
the tns-brmb survey for the committee on standards in public life revealed public attitudes towards mps .
the committee warned : ` this alienated group of citizens just sees no party that could sufficiently express their political views or represent their interests , and is overwhelmingly sceptical or deeply sceptical about public life .
` moreover , they are particularly located in the younger age groups , with 46 per cent of the under 30s falling into this category .
' lord bew , who chairs the committee , told the independent : ` one particular cause for concern from the research is the number