a parole board that ruled a cop killer could walk free has revoked its decision after outcry from the victim 's family and prosecutors .
dozens of police officers from around connecticut lined up outside the macdougall-walker correctional institution in suffield on wednesday for a parole board hearing for gary castonguay .
castonguay , now 71 , is serving 25 years to life in prison for fatally shooting 28-year-old plainville police officer robert holcomb in the chest while fleeing from a burglary in 1977 .
he has now been locked up for more than 37 years .
in january , parole board members voted to release castonguay this july - sparking outrage from holcomb 's relatives and prosecutors , who said they had not been told about the meeting .
staying put : gary castonguay listens to victim impact statements during a hearing inside macdougall-walker correctional institution on wednesday , where a parole board rescinded a decision to free him .
on wednesday , another hearing was held at institution where castonguay is imprisoned .
holcomb 's niece maria weinberger read a letter from his widow , nancy holcomb searles , who was too distressed to attend .
` castonguay should remain incarcerated for the remainder of his natural existence , ' searles said in the letter .
` he showed no regard for life , nor any remorse for his crime .
even today , he continues to fabricate the facts of that night in order to suit his needs and somehow excuse his heinous act .
' holcomb 's son , mac holcomb , also addressed the board and said his sole memory of his father was when he returned home from a night shift and hid a box of doughnuts for his son to find before the family ate them for breakfast , the new britain herald reported .
' i loved and admired him the way that a son should toward his father in every way , ' he said , adding that castonguay ` not only took my father 's life , but deprived me of growing up knowing my dad ' .
facing his father 's killer : mac holcomb , the son of officer robert holcomb -lrb- pictured left -rrb- is seen looking at castonguay as he speaks about his loss .
mac was just three years old when his father was killed