a new video shows the terrifying moment a film crew rushed to save the life of oscar-winner william hurt .
the crew of the gregg allman biopic midnight rider can be seen dashing to get him off the tracks of a railroad bridge , along with their equipment , as he lay across the railway filming a scene in georgia while a train rushes towards him and the crew at breakneck speed .
the other actor in the scene , wyatt russell , can also be seen trying to scramble out of the train 's path .
hurt and russell somehow made it to safety .
but , several crew members suffered injuries .
camera assistant sarah elizabeth jones was tragically killed .
she was just 27 years old .
scroll down for videos .
a new video shows the terrifying moment a film crew rushed to save the life of oscar winner william hurt -lrb- above -rrb- from a train .
the video shows the moment the cast and crew of the greg allman biopic midnight rider were forced to scramble as a train approached -lrb- above -rrb- .
the crew and actor wyatt russell -lrb- above with guitar -rrb- were filming a dream sequence on a railroad bridge .
camera assistant sarah jones -lrb- above -rrb- was struck by a fuel tank and run over by the train as she tried to flee and was killed instantly .
the film 's director randall miller -lrb- above with wife jody savin -rrb- pleaded guilty to involuntary manslaughter and will serve two years in prison .
the video also shows the crew desperately trying to get a bed off the track , which hurt was laying on during the scene as they filmed a dream sequence while russell played the guitar .
russell , the son of goldie hawn and kurt russell , can be seen clearly in the video as he flees with a guitar still on his back .
footage taken just before the tragic incident unfolded was later edited and cut into a scene .
it would have been used in the film if production had n't been stopped .
two weeks ago , the film 's director , randall miller , pleaded guilty to involuntary manslaughter and criminal trespassing and will serve two years in a county jail and eight years probation while also paying a