neil warnock believes that jose mourinho is the nearest manager he has come across to brian clough .
warnock 's crystal palace side host mourinho 's high-flying chelsea on saturday , up against who he considers to be the best boss currently in the game .
like clough , one of the greatest english managers , mourinho is not shy to share his opinion but has won the silverware to back it up .
neil warnock , then sheffield united manager , is pictured alongside jose mourinho at bramall lane in 2006 .
mourinho applauds the chelsea travelling faithful after the champions league clash against sporting club .
warnock said : ' i think he 's the nearest thing to cloughie .
he 's that type .
he 's a player 's manager but he does n't keep the players in his pocket .
` he says it how it is .
he always wants his teams to play well .
tactically , in difficult games , he 's always spot on .
' chelsea have already opened up a five-point gap at the top of the barclays premier league and are unbeaten this season with eight wins and two draws in their 10 games .
last season , in mourinho 's first campaign of his second spell at the club , he pushed them to within four points of champions manchester city .
last year mourinho was without a free-scoring striker and moved swiftly to rectify that by signing diego costa in the summer , who has taken the premier league by storm with nine goals already .
warnock 's second spell as crystal palace manager has started in positive vein .
mourinho learnt his trade from one of the very best in the shape of the late sir bobby robson at porto .
warnock remembers fondly when mourinho first joined the premier league 10 years ago .
` when he came on the scene i was at sheffield and he was such a good-looking so and so , ' warnock added .
` that started it off without even being a good manager .
` he has signed well .
it is alright having money but he knew he did n't have a striker last year .
` in the january window if he had signed a striker he would probably have won the title last year .