ryder cup captain darren clarke could consider asking liverpool midfielder steven gerrard to speak to the european side ahead of their bid for an unprecedented fourth straight victory at hazeltine .
clarke 's predecessor paul mcginley arranged for former manchester united manager sir alex ferguson to address his team at gleneagles last year , with the home side going on to claim a five-point win .
and liverpool fan clarke would not rule out the possibility of using gerrard in the same way , despite the latter 's shocking red card less than a minute after coming on at half-time against manchester united on sunday .
ryder cup captain darren clarke could ask steven gerrard to give a speech to his europe side .
gerrard -lrb- centre -rrb- was sent off less than a minute after coming on against manchester united on sunday .
ryder cup captain clarke -lrb- second right -rrb- wants to follow the example of predecessor paul mcginley .
` la is not that close to minnesota so we will see , ' clarke joked in reference to gerrard 's upcoming move to los angeles galaxy .
` paul -lrb- mcginley -rrb- obviously got a lot of help and advice from a lot of different people who have been in that position of managing people and looking after people and i will be the same .
` there are a few people that i am thinking about .
we 'll see .
he -lrb- gerrard -rrb- is a real legend .
if i were to do something like that , he would be someone i would consider .
' mcginley famously left no stone unturned in his pursuit of victory at gleneagles , even making sure the fish in the team room were of european colours .
players celebrate with former captain mcginley -lrb- centre -rrb- after winning the ryder cup at gleneagles last year .
clarke will be hoping to lead europe to a fourth straight ryder cup victory at hazeltine in 2015 .
' i might have to find blue and yellow fish in america as well , ' clarke added .
' i suffer a bit from ocd as well so i 'm sure i 'll be doing the same sort of thing .
` the attention to detail shows the players that you care and you are thinking hard about the whole thing