by .
rebecca evans .
published : .
10:42 est , 20 april 2012 .
| .
updated : .
19:57 est , 20 april 2012 .
wayne rooney and emma noble , the former daughter-in-law of sir john major , are among the latest celebrities to sue over allegations of phone hacking .
theirs are two of 46 new civil claims filed against the news of the world , it was revealed at the high court yesterday .
in april last year , rooney wrote on twitter that he had been contacted by scotland yard detectives probing phone hacking , but this is the first time he has filed a claim .
his agent , paul stretford , has also done so .
wayne rooney , left , and his singer james blunt , right , have issued damages claims in the latest round of phone-hacking litigation .
model and game show host miss noble , who was married to former tory prime minister sir john major 's son , james , until 2004 , has also lodged a claim .
others seeking damages for alleged invasion of privacy include actor james nesbitt , former conservative cabinet minister and chief whip lord blencathra , fire brigades union general secretary andy gilchrist and former rugby player turned tv pundit matt dawson .
the details emerged in court papers at a case management conference held yesterday to deal with the deluge of civil claims filed against news group newspapers , the news international subsidiary which published the now-defunct sunday tabloid .
emma noble , left , who was married to prime .
minister john major 's son james and rugby player and pundit .
matt dawson , right , are also suing .
hugh tomlinson , qc , representing the majority of alleged phone hacking victims , told mr justice vos that there had been 46 new cases filed .
they are part of a second wave of civil actions following the settlement of more than 50 cases earlier this year , including suits filed by former deputy prime minister lord prescott , actor jude law and singer charlotte church .
in a previous hearing , the judge said he expected there to be 200 new claims submitted over the coming months .
mr tomlinson told the court that there were 4,791 potential phone-hacking victims , of which 1,892 had been