click here to see the top 10 shirtless goal celebrations of all time .
they are the men who are happy to pick up a booking in return for a public outing of their prized pecs and bulging biceps .
the men who spend hours in the gym perfecting their sculpted physiques .
southampton 's dusan tadic became the latest member of football 's mr muscle club when he ripped off his shirt following his winner at old trafford , unveiling his toned torso in front of 75,000 onlookers .
it barely touched 5c at old trafford on sunday and the southampton substitute had only been on the pitch for five minutes , but that did n't deter him from braving the biting north-west air .
dusan tadic strikes a shirtless pose in front of southampton fans after his winner at old trafford .
the saints winger admitted he has never removed his shirt before but got caught up in the moment .
the serbian was unsurprisingly shown a yellow card under premier league regulations .
tadic is joining a muscle-bound band of brothers , cristiano ronaldo , zlatan ibrahimovic , alexis sanchez and mario balotelli among those never shy to showcase their upper body .
but is it all one big vanity project ?
is there any advantage to be gained by spending as much time in the gym as on the training pitch ?
mark leather is head of performance at bolton wanderers and an authority on the physical conditioning of footballers .
he told sportsmail that players such as tadic and ronaldo must be applauded .
` there is some debate as to whether the motivation with these players is cosmetic or for fitness and strength reasons , ' he said .
` but what they are doing is getting the very best out of their bodies and allowing themselves to perform to the maximum of their ability .
cristiano ronaldo pulled perhaps the most famous shirtless pose during the 2014 champions league final .
the ballon d'or winner stripped off for his photo opportunity after scoring in the final minute of extra-time .
italy forward mario balotelli arguably started the hulk pose trend in the semi-finals of euro 2012 .
zlatan ibrahimovic is another star with an over inflated ego who is prone to removing his shirt .
` looking at tadic , he obviously has