girls star lena dunham has been caught up in an anti-semitism row after writing a controversial article comparing her jewish boyfriend and her dog .
the 28-year-old prompted the storm after writing a quiz in the march 30 edition of new yorker magazine - asking readers if a number of statements referred to her dog or boyfriend jack antonoff .
they included : ` he does n't tip ' , ` he never brings his wallet anywhere ' and ` he has hair all over his body , like most males who share his background ' .
ms dunham , whose own mother is jewish , has been criticised by twitter users , as well as the anti-defamation league -lrb- adl -rrb- - an organisation which fights anti-semitism and all forms of bigotry .
dog or jewish boyfriend ?
` girls ' star lena dunham , pictured here with her boyfriend jack antonoff , has been criticised for an article some claim is anti-semitic .
quiz : lena dunham asked : ` do the following statements refer to -lrb- a -rrb- my dog or -lrb- b -rrb- my jewish boyfriend ?
' she is pictured with her dog lamby .
row : ms dunham , whose own mother is jewish , has been criticised by twitter users , as well as the anti-defamation league -lrb- adl -rrb- - an organisation which fights anti-semitism and all forms of bigotry .
also among the 35 statements were ` my grandma dottie loves him and says he 's a `` good , good boy '' ' and ` bald men trigger a primal fear in him ' .
abraham h. foxman , adl national director , said : ` some will certainly find lena dunham 's stereotypes about cheap jews offensive .
others will take issue with the very idea of comparing a dog and a jewish boyfriend .
` while we understand that humor is its own special brand of expression and always try to give leeway to comedians , we wish that she had chosen another , less insensitive way to publicly reflect on her boyfriend 's virtues and vices .
` we are surprised that the new yorker chose to print it .
' twitter users were quick to criticise the piece , while others used it as an opportunity to troll the star .
one user wrote : '