wireless company t-mobile billed customers for bogus charges for years , making hundreds of millions , the federal trade commission alleged tuesday .
in a federal complaint filed in seattle , the ftc claimed t-mobile billed consumers for subscriptions to premium text services such as $ 9.99 horoscopes and celebrity gossip that were never authorized by account holders .
in trouble : t-mobile knowingly made hundreds of millions off its customers in bogus third-party charges and billed them for premium services that customers never authorized .
the practice is often referred to as .
` cramming ' : businesses stuff a customer 's bill with bogus charges .
associated with a third party .
` t-mobile 's practices have caused consumers millions of dollars of injury , ' the ftc said in in the complaint .
in this case , the ftc says t-mobile .
should have realized that many of these premium text services were scams .
because of the high rate of customer complaints .
the ftc also claimed t-mobile collected 35 to 40 percent of the charges - even after customers said they were being scammed .
` it 's wrong for a company like t-mobile to profit from scams against its customers when there were clear warning signs the charges it was imposing were fraudulent , ' ftc chair edith ramirez said in an agency release .
` the ftc 's goal is to ensure that t-mobile repays all its customers for these crammed charges .
' protection : the ftc said one way for consumers to try to prevent fraudulent charges is to ask their providers to block all third-party businesses from providing services on their phones .
in addition to billing customers for third-party services , t-mobile allegedly lists them ` in the middle or towards the end of the bill , .
which in some cases may exceed 50 pages in length , ' the agency alleged .
the ftc said one way for consumers to try to prevent fraudulent charges is to ask their providers to block all third-party businesses from providing services on their phones .
t-mobile 's ceo john legere responded to the ftc 's complaint in a statement tuesday , calling it ` unfounded and without merit ' and a ` sensationalized legal action .
' ` t-mobile stopped billing for these premium sms services last year and launched