vijay chokal-ingam claims that he posed as a black man while he applied to medical schools in 1998 because he believed he had a better chance of gaining acceptance .
the older brother of comedienne mindy kaling has controversially claimed he was only accepted into medical school in the late 1990s because he posed as a black man .
writing on his blog , almost black , vijay chokal-ingam says that he felt he had to change his appearance to get into the st. louis university school of medicine and heavily attacks affirmative action policies in the united states .
' i was determined to become a doctor and i knew that admission standards for certain minorities under affirmative action were , let 's say ... less stringent ?
' wrote chokal-ingam .
' i got into medical school because i said i was black .
the funny thing is i 'm not .
' chokal-ingam admits that his sister did not support him during his social experiment and specifically asked him not to do it .
he claims in 1998 he shaved his head , trimmed his ` long indian eyelashes ' and joined the organization of black students during the process .
his change in appearance was ` so startling that my own fraternity brothers did n't recognize me ' .
` vijay the indian-american frat boy became jojo the african american affirmative action applicant to medical school , ' he said , claiming that jojo was the middle name he was born with .
though his website , almostblack.com , shows side-by-side qualifications and pictures of chokal-ingam as an indian-american man -lrb- left -rrb- and a black man -lrb- right -rrb- , he does n't specify if he went through the same application process as an inidan-american man as he did a black man .
as an indian-american with a gpa of 3.1 , mcat of 31 and a member of the south asian student association , he did n't think he 'd get into medical school , but with a change of appearance and switch of student organization , he thought he could get in to some of the top schools in the nation .
' i became a serious contender at some of the greatest medical schools in america , including harvard , wash u , upenn , case western , and columbia , '