by .
jenny hope .
published : .
18:05 est , 2 august 2012 .
| .
updated : .
01:57 est , 3 august 2012 .
the world 's biggest breast cancer charity has been accused of ` oscar-winning ' tactics that dupe women into being screened .
experts said the charity -- which invented the pink ribbon logo for breast cancer awareness -- was overselling the benefits of x-ray checks and ignoring the potentially harmful effects .
misleading statistics are persuading women to undergo mammography without knowing the full facts , it was claimed .
controversial : the world 's biggest breast cancer charity has been accused of ` oscar-winning ' tactics that dupe women into being screened -lrb- file pic -rrb- .
professor lisa schwartz and steven .
woloshin , of the us center for medicine and the media at the dartmouth .
institute for health policy and clinical practice , said women were being .
given false hope by ` deceptive ' advertising .
they launched an attack on the british medical journal 's website bmj.com on advertising campaigning by the charity susan g komen for the cure .
they said its campaign failed to acknowledge that survival rates are distorted by the process of screening , and further bias is created by overdiagnosis of cancers that would never have caused death .
` if there were an oscar for misleading statistics , using survival statistics to judge the benefit of screening would win a lifetime achievement award hands down , ' they said .
the criticisms will fuel the debate in the uk about whether or not breast cancer screening does more harm than good .
an independent review is under way into the nhs breast cancer screening programme to investigate whether it remains worthwhile .
it is expected to report by the end of the year .
in the us , there is growing awareness of a ` fine balance ' between benefits and harms caused by screening .
but you would not know that from charity adverts for screening which claim ` early detection saves lives ' , say the us professors .
the adverts say : ` the five-year survival rate for breast cancer when caught early is 98 per cent .
when it 's not ?
it 's 23 per cent .
' the actual benefit is small , they claim