by .
sara malm .
when working in the service industry , returning customers are king , and with all the extras that come with this bike-taxi ride , he should have them queuing up in no-time .
g annadurai has upgraded his rickshaw with amenities a passenger in a london black cab could only dream of , including magazines , a mobile phone charger and a tablet .
annadurai , from chennai in south india , also offers free rides for teachers and hospital workers and spends his profits on education for impoverished street children .
top ride : g. annadurai sits at the wheel of his pimped out auto-rickshaw in chennai , india , which is kitted out with all the latest mod cons .
lux journey : as well as a tablet to borrow , mr annadurai offers his passengers free use of his wi-fi , a tv and somewhere to charge their mobile phones .
got a ticket to ride : mr annadurai waves from the back of his rickshaw , surrounded by his magazines and newspapers .
annadurai has become famous across chennai thanks to his unique three-wheeler , which boasts a wide selection of newspapers and magazines as well as wi-fi and a tv for his passengers .
the 28-year-old believes in putting the customer first , offering free rides to the deserving and even running regular prize draws for his returning passengers .
annadurai , 28 , said : ` customer satisfaction is the most important thing in my work .
customer is god .
i try to keep my rickshaw well decked up .
' the humble taxi driver even offers free rides on mother 's day , valentine 's day and his own birthday .
he added : ` all customers will also get a chocolate on all these days .
' they see me rollin ' : once mr annadurai has taken care of his personal finances , he spends all his profits on educating poor children living in the streets of chennai .
they hatin ' : the back of the pimped out rickshaw looks more like a living room than a three-wheel taxi .
patrollin ' , they try to catch me ridin ' dirty : mr annadurai offers free taxi journeys for teachers and hospital workers as well as loved-up couples on valentine 's day .
signs