an ohio couple have been found dead in an apparent murder-suicide in their stateroom aboard a holland america cruise ship docked in puerto rico .
the unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from cleveland , police sgt. ricardo cruz told the associated press .
cruz said blood was found in the cabin aboard the ms ryndam , but it was unclear how the couple died .
a team of fbi investigators boarded the ms ryndam after a cleveland couple were found dead in an apparent murder-suicide as the ship docked in san juan , puerto rico .
the bodies were taken off the ship thursday night by a team of fbi crime scene investigators .
authorities will not say how the couple died .
the cruise is expected to get back underway on friday as it heads to the virgin islands .
` we do n't know yet whether an object was used or what the motive was , ' he said .
he said the ship 's cleaning crew found the bodies when they checked on the couple after not seeing them for a while .
the fbi has taken over the investigation .
it was unclear exactly when the couple died .
the ship departed tampa , florida , on sunday for a two-week cruise in the southern caribbean .
it stopped in key west on monday and then spent two days at sea before docking in historic old san juan on thursday , holland america spokesman erik elvejord said .
passengers say they had no idea of what had happened - only that they had to wait a long time to disembark from the ship .
passengers were horrified when they learned what had happened in a stateroom aboard the ship .
` we are terribly saddened by this tragic event , ' the company said in a statement .
cruise ship passengers said they were not aware of what had happened .
` this is a shock to me , ' said mark moore of watertown , new york , who was traveling with his wife .
he said the crew had roped off part of the ship and hung a sheet in the hallway as passengers disembarked around noon .
other baffled passengers said they were never told what happened aboard the ship - only that there was a big holdup as