a primary school has appointed 10-year-olds as ` packed lunch police ' with the power to inspect the food younger pupils bring to school -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
a primary school has appointed 10-year-olds as ` packed lunch police ' with the power to inspect the food younger pupils bring to school -- and even issue warnings if it is unhealthy .
parents have started a petition against the scheme after receiving a letter telling them to pack only healthy items .
brooke johnson , 34 , whose children charlee , seven , and riley , five , are pupils , said : ` it 's crackers .
i decide what my children eat for lunch , not a 10 or 11-year-old .
' the letter from hall road primary academy in hull states : ` year 6 will be packed lunch police and will be checking what children have in their lunches , with warning slips given if lunches do not meet our standards and awards for those that do .
` your packed lunch may include bread , pasta , crackers , rice , wraps , meat , cheese , fish , small yoghurt , fruit and vegetables .
in order to be a healthy school , your packed lunch may not include crisps , chocolate spread , fizzy drink/energy drinks or food that needs heating up , eg micro chips .
' all pupils in the first three years of primary education have been provided with free school meals from this month -- partly to stop parents giving children unhealthy food .
but parents can still send their children with a packed lunch if they wish .
miss johnson , who started the petition , added : ` my little girl came home from school starving because she had n't dared open her lunchbox .
` she knew i had packed her sandwiches , crisps , a sausage roll , a small chocolate bar and apple juice .
` i do n't see why she should risk being given one of these warning slips by another child just for eating her packed lunch .
it 's ridiculous .
` if these kids are inspecting my children 's sandwich fillings , how can i be sure they are washing their hands after going to the toilet and are n't picking their noses ?
one six-year-old boy was