by .
lizzie edmonds .
a man is suing the legal team behind his failed mmr compensation bid - alleging the lawyers pursued a ` hopeless ' claim while making millions in legal aid .
matthew mccafferty , 23 , of falkirk , scotland , developed autism three years after being injected with the vaccine .
however , the claim was subsequently dropped after flawed research suggesting there was a link between the jab and autism was discredited .
he and his family are now taking legal action against hodge jones & allen solicitors saying the case they raised was issued out of time , raised false hopes and had no chance of succeeding .
a man is suing his former legal team from hodge jones allen , pictured , for pursuing a ` hopeless ' mmr compensation bid .
he says the firm 's lawyers issued the claim out of time and raised false hopes of his family receiving payment .
mr mccafferty also alleges the firm litigated ' a hopeless claim funded by legal aid ' by which they profited .
the family are expected to ask for # 50,000 in compensation , it was reported today .
the firm - which was established by sir henry egar garfield hodge , the late husband of labour mp margaret hodge - denies it was negligent .
according to his current firm , mr mccafferty is the first to instruct action - but they have been in contact with several other families believing they too are entitled to compensation .
thousands of families had instructed legal action following andrew wakefield 's 1998 research claiming there was a link between mmr and autism came to light .
however , by 2001 concerns over the research had surfaced - with the doctor resigning from the royal free hospital that year saying his ` research was unpopular .
' by 2003 , the research , which was published in the lancet , was widely discredited .
as legal aid was subsequently withdrawn , a majority of claims were dropped .
wakefield was eventually struck off the british medical register in 2010 .
the group action is thought to have raised a # 15 million legal aid bill - # 9.7 million of which is believed to have gone to solicitors and barristers .
michael shaw , mr mccafferty 's lawyer of carter moore