by .
steve nolan .
published : .
06:07 est , 26 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:12 est , 26 april 2013 .
german school children as young as five were given a sex-education book giving graphic advice on how to put on a condom and how to achieve orgasms .
outraged parents complained when youngsters at a school in berlin were given the book , called ` where do you come from ?
' , which features explicit cartoon depictions of sex .
the book , which shows a couple called lisa and lars engaging in various of stages of intercourse , shows lisa putting a condom on lars and another image of the pair having sex .
explicit : parents were left outraged after a school in germany gave sex education books featuring explicit images to children as young as five .
instructions : one of the pictures in the book , which features lisa and lars , shows lisa putting a condom on lars .
outrage : children as young as five at a german school were given access to an explicit sex education book which teaches how to put on condoms and how to achieve orgasms -lrb- picture posed by actors -rrb- .
according to spiegel online , the school in the kreuzberg area of berlin did not initially respond to parents ' complaints .
it was only when the local press got wind of the controversy and complaints were made to the city 's governing body , the berlin senate , that anything was done .
the book is still said to be available at the school but not readily accessible by pupils .
parents were not only concerned by the images featured in the book , but also by some of the explicit descriptions used .
the book , aimed at educating children aged five years and upwards , reads : ` when it 's so good that it ca n't get any better , lisa and lars have an orgasm , ' and ` the vagina and penis feel nice and tingly and warm .
' rude : the book features a variety of images featuring lisa and lars having sex .
two raunchy : the book is to be replaced with a toned down , modernised version .
politician dorothee baer of the christian social union party in