a scaffold malfunction left two window washers dangling 69 stories high over new york city on wednesday afternoon .
the incident occurred at one world trade center , the tallest building in the western hemisphere at a staggering 1,776 feet .
the fire department of new york city rushed to the building after a 911 call was placed by someone inside when the scaffold broke sometime around 12:45 pm .
scroll down for videos .
dangling : the scaffold malfunction occurred 69 stories high at one world trade center at around 12:45 pm wednesday afternoon .
rescue : the fdny shared this photo from inside the building as they decided on the best method to safely get the washers inside .
terrifying height : the collapsed scaffold can be seen from blocks away , and crowds gathered near the building to take photos .
safe and sound : one of the workers is pulled in from the scaffolding by a member of the fire department .
the rescued men were identified as juan lopez , who has been a window washer for five years , and juan lizama , who has been on the job for 14 years .
in the end , fdny broke a window on the 68th floor to get the two men that were trapped off the scaffold and safe inside the building , this after 90 minutes dangling from the broken rig .
the workers were going up the building when one of the motorized cables supporting the scaffold snapped or came loose .
the two looked remarkably composed in photographs taken just seconds after they were back inside the building , and neither appears to have been injured .
they were both taken to bellevue hospital with mild hypothermia said patrick foye , executive director of the port authority .
all good : a look at the second worker as he gets safely in the building after being trapped for 90 minutes .
getting them safe : the fdny was considering multiple plans on how to get the workers to safety .
all hands : a look at members of fdny on top of the building , where at one point they discussed having a firefighter repel down .
the two workers , who work for a company called upgrade services that contracts out to the port authority , were trapped on the south