a swedish football team has told of how they narrowly escaped death after a last-minute decision against booking their players on germanwings flight 4u9525 .
four lufthansa subsidiary flights left barcelona around the same time on tuesday morning and division 1 team dalkurd ff , from borlänge , central sweden , had players on three of them .
the team had initially planned to travel on flight 4u9525 to düsseldorf , but instead split the team over the three remaining flights from barcelona , via germany .
scroll down for video .
swedish division 1 team dalkurd ff had initially planned to travel on flight 4u9525 to düsseldorf .
when the dalkurd ff delegation of 29 players and staff landed , they found out that the fourth flight had crashed , and the passengers next to them at check in a few hours earlier had died .
all 144 passengers , including two babies and 16 teenagers from a german high school , and six crew members lost their lives .
the airbus a320 ploughed into the mountainside in a remote region of the french alps en route from spain to germany at more than 400mph .
` we were supposed to have been on that flight .
we checked in with all of the passengers .
it 's surreal , ' dalkurd ff 's sports chief adil kizil told aftonbladet .
` when we got to the airport in barcelona there were four flights leaving that time , flying north over the alps .
all 144 passengers , including two babies , 16 teenagers and six crew members lost their lives .
video from the scene of the crash shows debris of the germanwings airbus a320 at the crash site .
crews in the first helicopter to reach the site said they had seen no survivors and found chunks of plane .
` four flights and we had players on three of them .
let 's just say we were very lucky .
' dalkurd ff , formed in 2004 by kurdish immigrants , play in sweden 's division 1 , the third level of swedish football .
the team had been on a week-long training camp in barcelona and were flying home .
mr kizil told the newspaper how they had tried to fit the entire team on the germanwings flight , but that the connection time in