a russian grandmother has been caught abandoning her grandson on cctv in a supermarket because she could not afford to feed him .
eugene kapustina , 61 , says she was asked to look after her grandson vova , six , while his parents went to a different city to look for work .
kapustina says the pair promised they would send money home but had now been gone for a year without contacting her once .
scroll down for video .
cctv footage from a russian supermarket shows an elderly lady abandoning her grandson after she claims she was unable to feed him any longer .
eugene kapustina , 61 , says she was told to look after the boy while his parents left to find work in another town , but they have been gone for a year without contacting her .
speaking to police , she said that all her savings have been used up trying to pay for herself and the child and added that she can no longer afford to feed him on her pension .
she told officers she hoped that somebody at the supermarket in the suburb of zelenograd , in the russian capital moscow , might take care of him .
investigators managed to trace the woman using cctv footage and information from the boy .
footage shows the distressed child sitting on the floor by the cash desks where he was approached by the security guard ahmed izmaylov after he noticed that the child seemed to be unaccompanied .
he said : ' i approached him and he started to cry and saw that he had a small bag with a few possessions and a note saying please look after me .
' the boy has been placed in a temporary orphanage and police say he will stay there until they can find his parents .
once they have interviewed them , a decision can be made on the child 's future .
kapustina says she has spent all of her money taking care of the boy and can not feed him any longer .
she says she left him in the supermarket in the hopes that someone would look after him .
police officers investigating the crime say they have transferred the six-year-old , named vova , to a temporary orphanage while they try to track down his mother and