by .
james chapman and matt chorley .
published : .
02:49 est , 8 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:46 est , 8 october 2013 .
theresa may has reacted with fury as downing street agreed to the promotion of an ` eccentric ' liberal democrat mp to the home office without consulting her .
in the biggest shock of yesterday 's reshuffles , deputy prime minister nick clegg gave the home office job to norman baker , who wrote a book suggesting un .
weapons inspector dr david kelly was murdered by an iraqi hit squad and .
the incident was covered up by british security services .
he has also said that he believes the death of former labour foreign secretary robin cook may have been suspicious .
clash : the move to send lib dem norman baker to the home office has sparked a furious response from home secretary theresa may .
jeremy .
browne , one of the leading figures on the liberal democrat right , was sacked to make way for former transport minister mr baker .
though he is widely seen to have been a hardworking and successful rail minister , senior government sources expressed astonishment that mr baker had been promoted to a position in which he will be expected to work closely with the security services , having expressed such views .
mrs may is understood not to have been given any forewarning of his appointment .
one official said it was ` incredible ' that the prime minister had given it the green light and suggested the home secretary would freeze him out of key meetings .
though mr clegg is in charge of lib dem appointments to government , they all have to be signed off by mr cameron .
another home office source said as .
rumours began to sweep westminster of mr baker 's promotion yesterday : .
` is it true ?
tell me not !
' one .
senior tory added : ` norman is an interesting character but let 's face .
it , he is one of life 's eccentrics .
to send him to work for theresa at .
the home office looks like an elaborate lib dem in-joke .
' mr baker himself is understood to .
have wanted to remain at transport , where he had been