a team of skydivers have taken their extreme hobby to the next level by setting off fireworks as they leap from their plane , thousands of feet above the ground .
the latest craze in extreme sports , pyrotechnic skydiving sees the team of four divers activate sets of fireworks strapped to their legs as they fall through the air at speeds of up to 120mph .
professional skydiving team fastrax , based in ohio , usa , have long wowed audiences with their ambitious stunts but their latest effort boasts the added danger of fireworks attached to the divers ' ankles .
scroll down for video .
sparks will fly : a team of skydivers have taken their extreme hobby to the next level by setting off fireworks as they leap from their plane , thousands of feet above the ground .
latest craze : pyrotechnic skydiving sees the team of four divers activate sets of fireworks strapped to their legs as they fall through the air at speeds of up to 120mph .
after jumping at 13,500 ft the divers press one of six buttons on their chest which sends an electrical impulse to trigger the fireworks .
the explosives burn at 3,000 degrees fahrenheit , the equivalent of 100,000 candles , for about 45 seconds each while the team members hang onto each other 's arms in free fall .
when they get to 5,000 ft the team have to carefully release their parachutes while avoiding the flames , which can shoot up to 800ft in the air , before lighting another set of fireworks .
the result is an incredible light show illuminating the night sky .
performers : the team has performed in movies and commercial , and regularly undertake stunts for television shows , as well as entertaining crowds at sporting events and air shows .
light up the sky : professional skydiving team fastrax , based in ohio , usa , came up with the idea of strapping fireworks to the divers ' legs .
free fall : after jumping at 13,500 ft the divers press one of six buttons on their chest which sends an electrical impulse to trigger the fireworks .
however , the team risk setting their own parachutes alight as well as the risks involved with jumping at night .
` it 's pretty cool how we can actually