by .
graham smith .
published : .
06:59 est , 23 april 2012 .
| .
updated : .
09:05 est , 23 april 2012 .
the rolling stones kept one step ahead of the fleet street press pack at the height of their fame by using a series of hilarious pseudonyms when booking into hotels , it has emerged .
an unearthed letter from the band 's manager during their 1976 european tour reveals they checked into hotels under the names of various personalities of the day to evade scandal hungry journalists .
mick jagger was given the codename of tennis player arthur ashe , ronnie wood was the astronomer patrick moore , charlie watts is referred to as cricket commentator peter west and keith richards was given the name of gardeners ' world presenter percy thrower .
undercover of the night : during their 1976 european tour , the rolling stones checked into hotels under the names of various personalities of the day to evade journalists .
alter-egos : mick jagger checked into hotels using the name of tennis player arthur ashe -lrb- left -rrb- , while keith richards went under the identity of tv gardener percy thrower -lrb- right -rrb- .
the letter - published this week on the letters of note website - contains a list of instructions to the band 's manager on the austrian leg of their tour .
it also details a list of ` dos ' and ` do n'ts ' to stop the notoriously dysfunctional group collapsing into infighting .
one bit of advice was to keep keith richards and bill wyman 's hotel rooms apart so that the bassist would not be disturbed by the hellraising guitarist 's all-night partying .
other instructions aimed at keeping the peace included putting security guards on each floor of the hotel in vienna where a band member was sleeping .
the letter states : ` you will not have any trouble if you follow these notes .
keep bill wyman away from keith because of noise .
' it also reveals demands for large beds and a specific request for mick jagger to have a deluxe suite with a separate room for luggage .
list of demands : one request was to keep keith richards and bill wyman 's hotel rooms apart so that the bassist would not be disturbed by the