banks are revolutionizing the way you withdraw money .
instead of using a traditional debit or credit card at an atm , you will be able to log into a banking app on your cell phone and order cash up to 24 hours before a transaction .
financial services giant fis announced the innovative mobile banking technology at the money2020 conference in las vegas this week .
three banks have already begun testing the app and hope to launch the services in their atms by the end of 2014 .
the three participating banks thus far are wintrust in illinois , bmo harris in chicago , and city national in los angeles .
fis announced this week that they have been gaining attention from a number of other large banks as well as smaller institutions about the mobile banking app .
mary monahan , of javelin strategy & research , believes that using a cell phone to make cash withdrawals is much safer than using a debit card .
by the end of 2014 , you will be able to use your cell phone as a debit card at participating banks .
a receipt will be automatically saved on your phone making it easier to keep track of your transactions .
not only is it safer , it 's faster .
the fis mobile technology only takes approximately nine seconds to make a transaction .
using a traditional bank card can take up to 40 seconds .
to use the app , simply open it on your cell phone when you are at a participating atm .
your phone will display a code which you then scan on the atm screen .
the machine then immediately dispenses the money .
according to monahan , cell phone transactions are safer than debit card ones because they protect card holders from fraudsters seeking to catch images of a card and pin number on camera .
the quick transaction time and the privacy of the phone code make it more difficult for others to steal your identity .
in order to use the atm you will need to scan a personalized code on to the screen .
even if your phone is stolen , hackers would need to know your security code , banking information , and pin number in order to proceed with a withdrawal .
the mobile technology is expanding beyond