by .
rebecca english .
published : .
19:20 est , 4 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
19:21 est , 4 december 2012 .
delighted as she and william undoubtedly are , the duchess 's pregnancy could not have come at a more chaotic time for the royal couple .
the duke is about to make one of the biggest decisions of his life so far -- whether to extend his time in the raf or quit to become a full-time working royal .
and to make matters worse , the couple still wo n't have a permanent home by the time the baby is born early next summer .
home-to-be : an aerial view of kensington palace .
a flat in the main building will be home to the couple but not until october 2013 .
kate and william 's planned move to their glitzy new apartment in kensington palace is now unlikely to take place until october 2013 .
contractors refurbishing apartment 1a , which used to belong to princess margaret , have uncovered asbestos which has to be cleared before the couple -- let alone a newborn baby -- can move in .
sources close to the cambridges also say the apartment , which has since been used as offices and exhibition space by historic royal palaces , was ` virtually uninhabitable ' when it was inspected after their wedding last year .
when the baby is born kate and wills are likely to still be living at nottingham cottage but hope to move into margaret 's former apartment as soon as possible .
contractors refurbishing apartment 1a , which used to belong to princess margaret , have uncovered asbestos which has to be cleared before the couple - let alone a newborn baby - can move in .
palace gardens : the statue of queen victoria sculpted by her daughter princess louise has recently been spruced up at kensington palace and is looking as good as new .
it has no kitchen or bathroom and needed total rewiring and plastering , none of which could be started until the apartment was fully vacated by the charity 's staff just a few weeks ago .
` at the moment there is just no way their new home will be inhabitable by the time the baby is born , ' said one .
this means