sorry end : the needletail pictured after its unfortunate and deadly altercation with a wind turbine on the isle of harris in the hebrides .
there had been only eight recorded sightings of the white-throated needletail in the uk since 1846 .
so when one popped up again on british shores this week , twitchers were understandably excited .
a group of 40 enthusiasts dashed to the hebrides to catch a glimpse of the brown , black and blue bird , which breeds in asia and winters in australasia .
but instead of being treated to a wildlife spectacle they were left with a horror show when it flew into a wind turbine and was killed .
john marchant , 62 , who had made the .
trip all the way from norfolk , said : ` we were absolutely over the moon .
to see the bird .
we watched it for nearly two hours .
` but while we were watching it suddenly got a bit close to the turbine and then the blades hit it .
` we all rushed up to the turbine , which took about five minutes , hoping the bird had just been knocked out the sky but was okay .
` unfortunately it had taken a blow to the head and was stone dead .
` it was really beautiful when it was .
flying around , graceful and with such speed .
to suddenly see it fly into .
a turbine and fall out the sky was terrible .
' the last sighting of a white-throated .
needletail was 22 years ago .
a relative of the common swift , it is said .
to be capable of flying at an astonishing 106mph .
the bird was thousands of miles off course when it was originally spotted in northumberland , before travelling further north .
but it had n't reckoned on the wind turbine hazards of the hebrides when it landed on the isle of harris .
average wind speeds in the area are 50 per cent higher than the national average , making it a valuable natural resource to tap into .
lewis and harris , technically one island , already has a number of wind farms , with several more planned in future .
see video of the bird captured before the accident below .
incoming : the turbine