after coming under fire for its lack of diversity in emoji icons , apple has teamed up with unicode to release a new set of characters .
they include iconic characters , such as santa clause and a police man , with six different skin tones including brown , dark brown and yellow .
leaked images also show a wider range of country flags under the travel and places tab , with this emoji set now including flags from 32 countries .
after coming under fire for its lack of diversity in emoji , apple has teamed up with unicode to release a new set of characters .
they include iconic characters with different skin tones .
santa clause , for instance , now comes in six different skin colours .
a set of new emoji characters will also be unveiled , including racially diverse families and same-sex families , according to the next web .
the new emoj are being trialled on os x 10.10.3 and ios 8.3 beta 2 now .
the skin tone options will be accessible by tapping and holding the emoji .
a pop up menu will then appear giving the user six different skin colour options .
however , the yellow tone has already been criticised by some as being racist .
twitter user naif bartlett wrote : ` somehow `` yellow '' seems more racist .
' previously , the list of characters contained dozens of faces of people that appear to be white .
however , only two of the symbols seem to be asian and none are black .
the skin tone options will be accessible by tapping and holding the emoji .
a pop up menu will then appear giving the user six different skin colour options .
a set of new emoji characters will also be unveiled , including racially diverse families and same-sex families , according to the next web .
leaked images also show a wider range of country flags under the travel and places tab , with this emoji set now including flags from 32 countries .
last year , apple revealed it was working to expand the diversity of the hugely popular emoji characters for the iphone .
following complaints that the current character set was not diverse enough , the firm said it was working with the standards body that controls them .
emoji