by .
tom mctague , mail online deputy political editor .
labour 's rising star chuka umunna has declared that he has no problem with people making ' a lot of money ' .
the shadow business secretary , tipped as a future party leader , even said labour wanted to help people become millionaires .
mr umunna 's remarks echo former cabinet minister peter mandelson - who famously said that labour under tony blair was ` intensely relaxed about people getting filthy rich ' .
chuka umunna , tipped as a future prime minister , is known to speak regularly with blairite heavyweight lord mandelson .
mr blair himself said he did not go into politics ` to make sure that david beckham earns less money ' .
mr umunna 's remarks appear in stark contrast to those of labour leader ed miliband - who has vowed to create a more equal society .
but the labour frontbencher told the house magazine : ' i do n't have a problem with people making a lot of money , so long as they pay their taxes and it 's good for our economy .
' he added : ` i 'm very clear : we want to help people make their first million .
peter mandelson , the former business secretary , is now a labour peer .
he was a key member of the new labour government .
` if you set up a start-up and you increase you turnover to over a million , you will be employing people and delivering tax receipts to the exchequer and helping britain pay its way in the world .
we should be saying that .
' mr umunna also praised new treasury minister sajid javid 's successful career in banking .
he said : ' i do n't have a problem with the fact that sajid earned millions of pounds working in the city before he was elected .
' i have more of a problem with what he stands for and what he believes in and that 's what the focus should be .
' the intervention comes after mr miliband earlier this year said ` tackling inequality is the new centre ground of politics ' .
after winning the labour leadership in 2010 he said equality was ` at the very heart of why we need to move on