kim jong-un has yet again proved that he is a hit with the ladies as he is swarmed by a group of female soldiers , all in tears at the prospect of meeting the north korean leader .
the dictator impressed the ladies as he visited their artillery unit in the province of kangwon , located on the border to south korea .
the release of the images unsubtly coincides with the impending visit to south korea by u.s. president barack obama , who lands in seoul tomorrow .
ladies man : an undated picture released on thursday shows north korean leader kim jong-un surrounded by soldiers at a women 's artillery unit in north korea 's southeastern province of kangwon .
the undated photographs show the young dictator surrounded by women in uniform , all battling to get a chance to touch their ` dear leader ' while crocodile tears flood their eyes .
he is also seen observing a firing drill at the women 's artillery unit in south-eastern kangwon .
the pictures were released by north korean newspaper of the central committee of the workers ' party of korea , rodong sinmun , on thursday .
scenes of hysterical women surrounding kim jong-un are often seen in western media , as they form part of the ` official image ' portrayed in handouts by the north korean government .
a majority of images sent out by rodong sinmun are of a jolly-looking kim jong-un visiting military units and factories or inspecting his vanity projects such as a ski-slope and a summer camp for ` high-achieving children ' .
dedicated fanclub : kim jong-un is seen posing with female soldiers after he inspected what the official korean central news agency described as a ` multiple-rocket launching drill of women 's sub-units under korean people 's army unit 851 ' dear leader : kim jong-un visited the military base , located near the border to south korea , to observe a firing drill .
leading man : the images of kim jong-un 's visit to the military base were released on the day before president barack obama is set to land in seoul on the other side of the border .
not the first time : this image was released last week , showing kim jong-un surrounded by female ` airpersons ' of the korean people 's army .