uefa could face serious questioning after a number of cska moscow fans appeared inside the arena khimki during their champions league clash against manchester city .
uefa had banned the sale of tickets and ordered the group e match to be played behind closed doors as punishment for the racist behaviour of cska fans .
but at least 200 supporters were seen in front of the press box during tuesday evening 's match .
uefa had ordered the match to be played behind closed doors because of racist behaviour by cska fans .
but more than 200 cska supporters managed to get in to the ground and sat in front of the press box .
official crowd - 0 .
club delegates - 75 per club .
centre circle boys and parents - 50 .
media - 150 .
uefa partners -lrb- sponsors -rrb- - 300 .
the fans were spotted drinking alcohol and chanting during the game which saw city draw 2-2 after seydou doumbia 's close-range finish and natcho 's late penalty cancelled out first-half goals from sergio aguero and james milner .
it is claimed that the fans could have obtained the match tickets through sponsors who had been allocated tickets for the game .
manchester city fans were not allocated tickets for the game under the uefa punishment .
the etihad club have not indicated whether they will complain over the apparent breach of rules .
city threw away a two-goal lead as seydou doumbia and natcho scored in the second half for the hosts .
natcho 's late penalty made it 2-2 after city had looked comfortable after going two goals ahead in moscow .
james milner scored city 's second , sliding home to meat a cross from their first goalscorer sergio aguero .
cska media director sergey aksenov insisted the club had nothing to do with the fans who entered .
he said : ` those people you are talking about are 360 people from the uefa champions club - partners , sponsors .
if they are cska fans , they are good for us .
everyone is invited by uefa , not cska .
' in a strange post-match press conference , cska coach leonid slutsky was also asked about the situation - but the question drew laughter from russian journalists .
' i do n't know , ' he said ,