by .
tara brady .
published : .
06:25 est , 5 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:46 est , 5 february 2013 .
watch out jessica ennis !
meet the amazing pole vaulting pensioner - who is a world champion vaulter , heptathlete and sprinter at the age of 77 .
former bank clerk dorothy mclennan , has scooped dozens of gold medals and world records since taking up athletics professionally in her 50s .
and at an age where many of her peers prefer sitting down with a cup of tea in front of the telly , spritely dorothy trains three days a week in preparation for her next world championships .
scroll down for video .
doing the splits : dorothy has not let age stop her from taking part in athletics and loves doing yoga to keep her body supple .
spritely : dorothy mclennan trains three days a week in preparation for her next world championships .
defying her age : dorothy mclennan pole vaults at the club where she is coached by her son stephen .
dorothy , from windsor , berkshire , first became a champion pole vaulter in 1991 , but she won gold again in 2012 and is the current world champion in the 75 to 80 age group category .
the pensioner has competed at every world masters and european masters event since 1991 , which are both held annually , taking a medal at every single games .
she says she has at least 42 medals and estimates at least 35 of them are gold .
the sprightly oap most recently won gold for heptathlon at the european masters championships in poland in 2006 , when she was 70 .
despite being in her late 70s , dorothy has now taken up usain bolt 's event - the 100m outdoor sprint - and is hoping to smash the record at the british masters championships at the end of february by the running the race in 16 seconds .
dorothy , who lives with her husband ray and can pole vault 2.1 m , said : ` people are always very surprised when i tell them i do pole vaulting and sprinting , but i do n't see what is so unusual about it .
not bad for 77 : super gran dorothy mclennan is a world