by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
21:49 est , 21 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
02:49 est , 22 april 2013 .
authorities searching for answers in yesterday 's pot rally shooting panic have released a youtube video that includes footage of a man they believe was involved .
according to denver police , there are likely two suspects , only one of whom is seen in the video .
` we .
are seeking this individual as we believe he assisted the primary .
suspect after the shooting , ' said denver police spokesman sonny jackson .
` he is the black male with a brown and white checkered shirt ' panic struck the gathering of some .
80,000 marijuana smokers in denver early saturday when gun shots rang .
out and two revelers were left with bullet wounds .
thousands of others .
were sent running for their lives .
scroll down for video .
suspect : police believe this man is one of at least two behind the gunshots that caused the 4/20 pot rally panic in denver .
police .
reportedly spent sunday morning poring over video footage from the 4/20 .
celebration in the hopes of finding the culprit and had posted the .
youtube footage , under the title ` denver 420 rally shooting crowd and .
interviews ' by sunday afternoon .
denver police have turned the case over to their gang unit , but jackson told the denver post it is not yet clear if the crime was gang-related .
` they have their ears to the ground and take care of this sort of thing , ' jackson said .
one bystander said there was no room for doubt in the matter .
` it .
was absolutely gang-related , ' said andrew lindsley , who told the denver .
post he watched as two men strode ` aggressively through the crowd ' just .
before shots were heard .
worse fear : tens of thousands ran in fear after several shots were heard fired and some cried that an explosion had gone off according to witnesses .
emergency response : denver paramedics , police officers and good samaritans work to help a shooting victim civic center park in denver on saturday during the 4/20 pot rally .
prepared : one of the two victims