competitors stripped off to compete in sochi today , with skiers competing in their vests and some athletes even using the snow to cool down as temperatures rose to 18 degrees celsius -lrb- 64f -rrb- today .
sochi was warmer on thursday than any of the last 10 cities to have hosted the winter games , while it was even warmer than athens , who hosted the summer olympics in 2004 .
forecasters predict that temperatures will not cool down until saturday at the earliest , with sochi on course to be the warmest ever winter games , surpassing vancouver 2010 .
scroll down for video .
moldova 's alexandra camenscic cools herself with snow after finishing the women 's 10k classical-style cross-country race .
camenscic 's performance may have suffered from the heat .
she could only finish in 71st place out of 75 .
sadie bjornsen of the u.s. -lrb- left -rrb- skis in the finish area after completing the 10k classical-style cross-country race while sophie caldwell , also team usa , -lrb- right -rrb- skis with a sleeveless top in the same race .
sochi 's weather as compared to the rest of the world 's olympic events .
temperatures in the winter olympics have ranged from -2 to 13 degrees .
caldwell -lrb- pictured left and right -rrb- appeared to adopt the tactic of her teammates by shedding clothing to make sure she did not overheat during the competition .
hot competition : sophie caldwell finds it heavy going during the 10k cross-country race in krasnaya polyana .
germany 's nicole fessel opts for a short sleeved number while her competitor sadie bjornsen goes no sleeves during the gruelling event .
sophie caldwell of the u.s. competes in the 10km classic .
opting to compete in a vest , she finished in the middle of the pack .
sunbathing : volunteers enjoy the warm weather ahead of the women 's 10 km classic during day six of the sochi games at the laura cross-country ski & biathlon center .
temperatures in sochi have risen to as high as 18 degrees , but officials say they are not worries by the weather which would n't be out of place during a summer olympics .
strike a pose : this volunteer appeared determined to work on her tan while presented with the opportunity .
on thursday , several