twitter has held talks with shots , the selfie app backed by singer justin bieber .
twitter 's acquisition plans became the subject of hot speculation on monday after cfo anthony noto accidentally tweeted a message about making plans for a deal .
now it is believed the firm in question could be shots , which bieber invested in last year .
the app , which was originally called shots of me , is available in apple 's app store and encourages people to take and share pictures of themselves with a smartphone 's front-facing camera .
the app , which was originally called shots of me , is available in apple 's app store and encourages people to take and share pictures of themselves with a smartphone 's front-facing camera .
it has an instagram-inspired social network , which also links to twitter to create a kind of network just for self-portraits .
the message expressed his desire to acquire another company .
mr noto , who joined the company in july this year , deleted the tweet soon after .
it read : ' i think we should buy them .
he is on your schedule for dec 15 or 16 -- we will need to sell him .
i have a plan .
' twitter often acquires smaller firms who have created good features based around the micro-blogging service .
speculation over which firm mr noto was referring to has begun .
technology news site recode suggested shots - a selfie app backed by justin bieber - as well as secret , a somewhat controversial app for anonymously sharing messages with a wide audience .
` shots co-founders john and sam shahidi have had multiple meetings at twitter headquarters over the past month , according to people familiar with the discussions , ' it said .
the app , which was originally called shots of me , is available in apple 's app store and encourages people to take and share pictures of themselves with a smartphone 's front-facing camera .
it has an instagram-inspired social network , which also links to twitter to create a kind of network just for self-portraits .
the app , created by rocklive is part funded by justin bieber , who was reportedly attracted to the product because it does not allow people to leave any comments .
john shahidi ,