by .
joe strange for mailonline .
follow @@ joe_strange .
after returning to training after suffering a broken vertebra at the world cup , neymar could 've been forgiven for taking it easy on his return to action with barcelona .
but the brazilian forward , who only recently began taking part in full training , lit up the nou camp as luis enrique 's side comfortably beat mexican club leon 6-0 in a friendly .
neymar scored twice in his first game back after recovering from the serious injury he suffered at the hands - or should that be knee ?
- of juan camilo zuniga in brazil 's quarter-final victory over colombia in fortaleza .
video scroll down to watch enrique focussed on team performance despite suarez debut .
action : neymar brings the ball forward during his first appearance for barcelona since returning from injury .
over the top : neymar scores his first goal against leon with a clever chip over keeper william yarbrough .
main man : the brazilian is congratulated by compatriot and team-mate dani alves -lrb- right -rrb- .
serious : neymar shouts in pain after breaking a vertebra during brazil 's world cup quarter-final with colombia .
and after shining during four appearances on home soil over the summer , the 22-year-old picked up where he left of as the catalan giants turned on the style on monday evening .
his first major contribution was to provide the assist for fans ' favourite lionel messi to open the scoring after just three minutes .
and nine minutes later he was on the scoresheet himself .
the former santos star latched onto a pass before running through on goal and chipping the ball over visiting goalkeeper william yarbrough .
not enough : yarbrough gets a hand to the ball but could n't stop neymar scoring his second goal of the night .
skills : neymar opts to backheel the ball into an empty net to put barcelona 3-0 up just before half-time .
more to come : neymar , pictured here celebrating at the nou camp , is looking to hit the new season running .
video enrique focussed on team performance despite suarez debut .
neymar grabbed his second goal of the night just a minute before half time after combining with messi once again .
the argentine lifted a clever