by .
ian parkes , press association .
lewis hamilton has suggested his under-privileged upbringing has made him hungrier for this season 's formula one world title than team-mate nico rosberg .
hamilton may now have all the trappings of wealth that come with his celebrity status , but throughout his formative years until the time when he was handed a contract with mclaren from 2007 that was far from the case .
hamilton 's surroundings were exceptionally modest , with father anthony at one stage holding down three jobs in order to pay for his son to travel the country and pursue his early karting ambitions .
taking it easy : lewis hamilton leaves the paddock by boat as the world championship leader prepares for monaco .
as for rosberg , the son of 1982 world champion keke , he has lived all his years in monaco , and so it can be claimed he has known nothing other than the good life .
rosberg has even spoken of the times his father walked him to school along roads that form part of the principality 's street circuit , scene of this weekend 's latest showdown .
to that extent , one german newspaper recently suggested rosberg was too soft to go toe-to-toe with hamilton over the course of a title fight .
as 2008 world champion , and winning the crown in the manner he did - with an overtaking manoeuvre on the final corner of the last lap of the concluding race of the season - it would suggest hamilton has the killer instinct and can go the distance .
` let me tell you this : i come from a not-great place in stevenage and lived on a couch in my dad 's apartment , ' said hamilton .
` nico grew up in monaco with jets and hotels and boats and all these kind of things , so the hunger is different .
home from home : nico rosberg grew up in monaco and used to walk the roads which form the tracks to get to school .
' i want to be the hungriest guy in the cockpit from all 22 of us - even if every driver has to believe he 's the hungriest .
` if i were to come here believing nico is hungrier than me then i might as well