a high-flying google exec with a passion for super-fast , top of the line sports cars has proved himself to have an equally good sense of humor , when it comes to his boy 's toys .
as vice president of engineering and long-time google employee , benjamin sloss treynor , 43 , became an instant millionaire at the time of the company 's $ 23 billion ipo in 2004 .
that wealth has afforded treynor the finances to be able to indulge his passion for collecting some of the most exclusive sports cars around , including a ford raptor , a ferrari 458 italia , and a mclaren 12c spyder , which he keeps in his six-car garage .
dream team : google 's benjamin sloss treynor shows off five of his fancy sports car .
car lover : benjamin sloss treynor and his wife collect a ferrari after recently bidding the highest for it in a charity auction in sept in monza , italy .
treynor is n't shy about his collection either and as with any self respecting tech nerd he is very active in chat forums sharing his passion with other sports car nuts .
sometimes treynor 's candidness about his car collection has got him into trouble with other forum members of the svt .
performance forum , most of whom can only dream of having a car collection as exotic as his .
one forum member recently questioned if treynor could really own all the top of the lines vehicles which he claims too and challenged him to prove he owned what he said he did with an usual task involving placing bread on some of his most exclusive rides .
' i do n't think you 're real .
i request a .
picture of your new 12c spyder with a piece of bread on the hood , ' wrote .
one poster , who posted under the username ford-racer .
treynor may be very important and very .
rich , but as is the google ethos he is also something of a regular guy - .
as he proved by rising to the challenge set by his forum buddy .
not only did treynor comply on sunday by posting a picture of his extremely rare mclaren 12c spyder , but he photographed some english crumpets on top , as befitting a british-built