ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats .
here is all the information you need for qpr 's home clash with manchester city ... queens park rangers vs manchester city -lrb- loftus road -rrb- .
kick-off : saturday 5.30 pm - sky sports 1 .
odds -lrb- subject to change -rrb- : .
qpr 15/2 .
draw 10/3 .
manchester city 2/5 .
referee : mike dean .
managers : harry redknapp -lrb- qpr -rrb- , manuel pellegrini -lrb- manchester city -rrb- .
head-to-head league record : qpr wins 12 , draws 15 , manchester city wins 17 .
team news .
qpr .
joey barton and nedum onuoha could both return to face their former club when rangers host manchester city in the premier league on saturday .
barton and onuoha are available again to harry redknapp as is midfielder jordon mutch .
all three missed last weekend 's 2-1 defeat at chelsea with hamstring problems .
rio ferdinand is serving a three-match ban for comments made on twitter while alejandro faurlin is a long-term absentee with a cruciate ligament injury .
provisional squad : green , mccarthy , traore , onuoha , dunne , caulker , yun , hill , isla , henry , sandro , barton , fer , mutch , taarabt , zamora , vargas , austin , phillips , kranjcar , murphy , hoilett .
joey barton could face former club manchester city after returning from injury for qpr .
manchester city .
captain vincent kompany has been ruled out of the champions ' premier league trip to qpr on saturday with a calf injury .
the defender took a blow to the leg in the midweek champions league loss to cska moscow .
the problem is not thought serious but it could put kompany 's participation in belgium 's upcoming euro 2016 qualifier with wales in doubt .
former england midfielder frank lampard has recovered from a thigh injury but playmaker david silva -lrb- knee -rrb- and left-back aleksandar kolarov -lrb- calf -rrb- are out .
provisional squad : hart , caballero , zabaleta , sagna , clichy , demichelis , mangala , boyata , nasri , navas , milner , toure , lampard ,