by .
elliott bretland .
follow @@ ellbretland .
southampton fans will be wondering whether they 'll have a team left to support when the premier league kicks off in the three weeks time as the summer exodus down on the south coast shows no signs of stopping .
following southampton 's impressive eighth-placed finish last season , it was expected certain members of the squad would move on .
as it was , boyhood red rickie lambert moved to liverpool for # 4million and was followed to anfield by adam lallana who joined brendan rodgers ' side in a # 23million deal .
video scroll down to watch southampton 's two summer signings tadic and pelle .
mass exodus : southampton have willingly allowed a number of key players to leave the club this summer .
switch : adam lallana and rickie lambert both left southampton for liverpool following an impressive season .
red devil : talented left-back luke shaw joined manchester united from southampton in a # 30million deal .
man at the helm : mauricio pochettino left st mary 's this summer to take charge of league rivals tottenham .
meanwhile , talented left-back luke shaw joined the louis van gaal revolution at old trafford as the 19-year-old signed for manchester united for # 30million .
now , with still six weeks of the transfer window remaining , it was announced on friday that dejan lovren is on the brink of joining up with lallana and lambert on merseyside .
just as that news was sinking in , saints .
supporters then had to hear young right-back calum chambers is all set .
for a # 12m switch to arsenal .
` when will it stop ?
' followers of the .
club must be thinking .
perhaps once morgan schneiderlin - heavily linked .
with tottenham - joins up with former southampton boss mauricio .
pochettino at white hart lane ?
yes , even the manager departed .
after that , bad boy dani osvaldo will likely return to italy with inter milan keen on the former roma striker while frontman jay rodriguez , interesting both spurs and liverpool , has at least been offered a five-year contract to ward off any potential suitors .
plenty to shout about : saints centre-back dejan lovren is on the brink of a # 20million switch to liverpool .