by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
after cutting the price of a pint , george osborne would have hoped to be cheered by britain 's drinkers .
but the chancellor found himself accused of patronising hardworking people with a tory party advert claiming ` they ' enjoy bingo and beer .
today he tried to repair his man-of-the-people reputation with a visit to a pub , where he was pictured slightly awkwardly sipping a pint - but committed the sin of taking a gulp before the ale had settled .
chancellor george osborne supping a a pint of sunbeam ale , alongside conservative mp for wolverhampton south west paul uppal -lrb- left -rrb- and chief executive ralph findlay -lrb- right -rrb- during a visit to marston 's brewery in wolverhampton .
cheers !
mr osborne held his pint aloft , with it still setlling , during his visit to marston 's brewery in wolverhampton .
mr osborne used last week 's budget to halve duty on bingo to 10 per cent and take a penny off a pint of beer .
in an apparent bid to wood blue collar voters , the conservative party produced an advert to promote the policy which stated : ` bingo !
cutting the bingo tax and beer duty to help hardworking people do more of the things they enjoy .
' but the use of the word ` they ' was widely criticised , with the lib dems call it ` silly ' and labour saying it was ` condescending ' .
mr osborne rushed to insist that he plays bingo as a ` happy participant ' , and let it be known that he sometimes calls the numbers .
at the weekend it emerged the advert was drawn up and signed off by mr osborne and his team in the treasury .
` pr disaster ' : grant shapps tweeted this tory party advert about beer and bingo cuts in today 's budget - which spawned numerous spoofs online .
during a tour to promote measures in the budget , mr osborne also visit boal aluminium uk .
mr osborne said he was cutting energy bills for manufacturers , as he toured with treasury minister nicky morgan , the mp for loughborough -lrb- centre -rrb- and paul hatton , production manager at boal aluminium uk .
but in an attempt