by .
martin robinson .
published : .
06:14 est , 3 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
08:48 est , 3 september 2012 .
increasing numbers of highly skilled clinical staff are being employed on mcdonalds-style ` zero-hours ' contracts , risking the health and safety of nhs patients , it was revealed today .
the controversial deals bind staff to being on call , despite having no guarantees on hours , pay or some employment rights .
mcdonald 's , the world 's biggest fast-food chain , employs the majority of its 87,500 uk staff on this basis , allowing them to call in workers at short notice at busy periods or not at all if it is quiet .
anger : increasing numbers of clinical staff are being employed on zero hours contracts .
they only get paid for the hours they are there , meaning they are ` in work , but not always at work , ' experts say .
the nhs has used this kind of contract to cover low-skilled jobs like cleaning , but now it is claimed the government 's controversial reforms are allowing more trusts to use them to cover frontline staff treating the public in hospitals and clinics .
these include cardiac services , physiotherapy , psychiatric therapy , and hearing services .
labour shadow health secretary andy burnham told the independent : ` i 'm calling on the .
government to halt the spread of zero-hours contracts in the nhs pending .
an urgent review into the potential risks to continuity of care and .
patient safety .
` what is going on here is the unpicking of the fabric of the employment .
system of the nhs in england .
zero-hours contracts have previously .
operated safely within the nhs .
they suited some staff willing to trade a .
bit of uncertainty for extra pay .
but it 's very different to extend .
these contracts into core delivery services .
` it is the casualisation of our health service , turning parts of the nhs into a temping workforce .
' the growing use of the .
contracts was a ` depressing symptom of the government 's drive to turn .
england 's health service into a full-blown market , ' he added .
big employer : the controversial contracts are used by mcdonald