warlord joseph kony 's bloodthirsty lord 's resistance army -lrb- lra -rrb- is slaughtering elephants at an unprecedented rate and trading their valuable tusks for bullets .
the poaching of elephants in garamba national park in the democratic republic of congo is increasing rapidly , with more than 130 killed in the southern region in less than 12 months .
poaching is not uncommon in african parks , but rangers at garamba have made a worrying discovery - the ivory is helping fund the lra 's war .
scroll down for video .
murdered : joseph kony 's lord 's resistance army is responsible for the slaughter of elephants in garamba national park .
the poaching of elephants at garamba national park in the democratic republic of congo is increasing at an unprecedented rate .
sasha lezhnev , associate director of policy at the enough project , an organisation which works to end genocide and crimes against humanity , this month interviewed an lra defector .
speaking to mailonline , he said : ` it is very concerning the lra are selling tusks to fund their operations .
` the elephant population in the central african republic parks and garamba could be entirely decimated if the problem continues .
in garamba there are still elephants but poaching really has been on the rise .
' mr lezhnev , who returned from the dr congo last week , has learned that a single elephant tusk can be traded for 18,000 bullets .
` they do n't need guns , they have plenty of available guns , it 's really bullets they need , ' he added .
` it takes only one bullet to kill an elephant .
' the lra - a violent rebel group led by kony - is renowned for being one of the most brutal forces in the world .
` worrying ' : ` the elephant population in the central african republic parks and garamba could be entirely decimated if the problem continues , ' said sasha lezhnev , associate director of policy at the enough project .
park rangers are pictured here with elephant corpses .
high tech : there is evidence of at least nine of the 131 elephants killed in garamba in the past 12 months being shot from helicopters .
here , garamba national park staff examine the carcass of an elephant