by .
rob waugh .
published : .
03:38 est , 27 july 2012 .
| .
updated : .
03:38 est , 27 july 2012 .
caesar 's palace : human beings are surprisingly bad at spotting deception - perhaps because we do so much of it - but one group are very good ... liars themselves .
human beings are surprisingly bad at spotting deception - perhaps because we do so much of it - but one group are very good ... liars themselves .
in a speaking test , liars were able to spot other liars far more accurately than people who told the truth - which might explain why poker players are good at both .
oddly , the ability is n't related to iq or emotional intelligence - the ability to lie is a separate thing .
university college , london , researchers graded 51 volunteers simultaneously on their abilities to tell lies - and spot other liars .
graphing the results , it 's clear that people who are good at telling lies can also spot them far more easily than ` normal ' people .
there are clear ` tells ' that people are lying - such as the fact that they tend to take longer to start talking , which the research confirmed , but liars pick up on these more easily .
` it is not uncommon to hearof ` poachers turned gamekeepers ' , such as infamous confidence-trickster , frank abagnalejr. , who is now an fbi financial fraud consultant , ' say the researchers .
what is more mystifying is that the liars and non-liars are of similar intelligence level - ie it 's not a simple difference in intellectual ability .
the ability to deceive seems to be separate - although it 's not clear whether people are born with it , or learn it .
' a significant relationship was found between the deception-related .
abilities ; those who could accurately detect a lie were able to produce .
statements that others found difficult to classify as deceptive or .
truthful , ' say the researchers .
` furthermore , neither ability was related to measures of .
intelligence or emotional ability .
we , therefore , suggest the existence .
of an underlying deception-general ability that varies across .
individuals .
' louisiana bar exam ,