by .
steve nolan .
published : .
10:54 est , 26 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:55 est , 26 november 2013 .
suspect : johnathan ' j boi ' sanchez has been charged with murder after three people were shot dead in texas last wednesday .
police have arrested a man wanted in connection with the execution-style killing of three people .
johnathan ' j boi ' sanchez , 25 , has been charged with capital murder after daniel munoz , 17 , veronica hernandez , 17 , and alfaro yosselm , 21 , were shot dead in harris county , texas , last wednesday .
two other people , who were taken to memorial hermann hospital by air ambulance , survived the shooting .
all five were shot in the head .
according .
to the harris county sheriff 's office , sanchez was arrested when he was .
found hiding in a gang home in uvalde in the early hours of sunday .
he was in the garage of the property watching a boxing match with several other people .
police say that he had a handgun in his possession when he was arrested .
officers were called to to a property in sunbury lane last wednesday after a neighbour reported hearing a series of gunshots .
no disturbance was heard prior to the shooting .
arrest : sanchez was arrested after he was found watching a boxing match with several others in a garage of a property in uvalde .
emergency : police and paramedics were called to the scene of the shooting last wednesday after a neighbour heard a series of gunshots .
although the two surviving victims have n't been named , police said that they are in their late teens or early 20s .
one of them was able to give police a full account of what happened .
speaking after the deaths of munoz , hernandez and yosselm , sheriff adrian garcia said : ` it 's a waste of human life .
` young people who will not get to fulfill the promise that they were born with .
' survivors : two other people , who were also shot were taken to hospital by air ambulance and survived .
sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons .