by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
09:56 est , 13 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:57 est , 13 december 2013 .
nu skin 's co-founder has been arrested for allegedly harassing an 18-year-old woman her husband is accused of raping .
nedra mckell , who started the skin care company in the 1980s , was allegedly constantly ` pestering ' and ` harassing ' the teen victim so she would drop the charges , court documents claim .
the charges stem from the case against her husband , robert clark mckell from springville , utah , who faces three first-degree felony charges for rape and sodomy .
prosecutors claim that mckell sexually assaulted the woman even after she told him ` no ' , the salt lake tribune reported .
arrest : nedra mckell , who co-founded skin care company nu skin in the 1980s , has been accused of harassing an 18-year-old woman her husband allegedly raped in a bid to make her drop the charges .
robert mckell has pleaded not guilty to the charges and his trial is scheduled for february .
as well as allegedly harassing the victim , nedra mckell , 52 , even drove her to robert mckell , which violated a protective order against him , according to court documents .
the documents add that the mckells have completely isolated the woman and have used family members to cut her off from friends .
nedra mckell appeared in court on the charges on thursday and a judge prohibited her from .
contacting the woman .
her next hearing is scheduled for january .
27 .
she co-founded nu skin , a company that sells anti-aging products and tchnologies , in 1984 after her brother encouraged her to develop skin-care products that did not contain any fillers .
her brother persuaded a texas company to make the products and they began selling them from mckee 's basement - before becoming a multimillion-dollar company within years .
charged : her husband , robert clark mckell , faces three first-degree felony charges for rape and sodomy .
company : she founded nu skin , a skin care and nutritional supplements company , but left a few years later .
she left the company in the late 1980s and is no longer a major shareholder .
in 1996 , she