by .
sophie borland health reporter .
published : .
19:09 est , 13 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:09 est , 13 may 2013 .
barrister robert francis said he is concerned the nursing profession is not doing enough to raise standards .
nurses are not doing enough to ensure patients do not suffer callous treatment or appalling neglect , an expert has warned .
robert francis , a barrister who specialises in medical negligence , said he was concerned the profession was failing to make urgent improvements .
earlier this year mr francis led an inquiry into the mid staffordshire scandal in which as many as 1,200 patients are feared to have died from neglect .
he made a number of urgent recommendations for the health service about how to improve care -- to ensure the tragedy could not be repeated at other hospitals .
but mr francis said that while doctors and managers were taking action , he had ` little cause for optimism ' that nurses were doing the same .
the inquiry 's findings , published in march , described how patients at mid staffordshire had been left ` unwashed , unfed and without fluids ' and ` deprived of their dignity ' .
but it concluded that such failings were not a ` rare event ' and almost certainly existed at other hospitals across the country .
mr francis issued the nhs with 290 recommendations .
in an interview with nursing times and health service journal he said that , overall , his recommendations had been ` well received by all the professions in general terms .
' referring to doctors and managers he said : ` they are taking this very seriously .
the royal colleges -lsb- which represent doctors -rsb- are taking action .
mr francis issued the nhs with 290 recommendations after leading an inquiry into the mid staffordshire scandal in which as many as 1,200 patients are feared to have died from neglect .
health secretary jeremy hunt has accused the royal college of nursing of failing to notice the scandal unfolding .
` putting it bluntly i have seen rather .
less of that from the nursing profession ... there is a need to strengthen .
the voice of nursing so that what nurses need in their workplace , to do .
their job effectively for