two dedicated dog owners have created a tear-jerking video that shows the incredible resiliency of man 's best friend and their dedication and love for their cancer-stricken companion .
viewers are taken on an emotional journey as sheridan the dog loses a leg to cancer yet remains the same playful and happy-go-lucky pooch that he was before his life-altering surgery .
sheridan still loves to roll in the sand , leap into pools , obey commands for dog biscuits and chase his owner 's remote-controlled drone at their home on the caribbean island of grenada .
happy-go-lucky : sheridan the dog leaps into the pristine waters on the caribbean island of grenada .
last july , sheridan was diagnosed with osteosarcoma , the most common bone tumour found in dogs .
his right forelimb had to be amputated to slow the spread of cancer and prevent pain .
despite having cancer sheridan looks like a normal , healthy dog when the six-minute video begins with a look at his life before his leg was amputated .
he runs on the beach , swims at a waterfall with one of his owners and plays with another dog in the sand .
but the video takes a heart-wrenching turn as viewers are taken into the operating room while veterinarians remove the loveable dog 's right front leg .
sheridan was diagnosed with osteosarcoma , the most common bone tumour found in dogs , last july .
veterinarians sedate sheridan before amputating his right forelimb .
after surgery sheridan underwent six treatments of chemotherapy and scans .
his owners , morgan and zach , who are originally from indiana , were granted access as they are attending veterinary school at st george 's university .
after the surgery the video shows the heart-warming moment three-legged sheridan -- with a massive surgical scar -- is greeted by his owners and leaps out of his cage to return home .
despite the agonising ordeal sheridan is still the same playful dog who loves to run up and down the beach , roll on the floor and play with other dogs .
after losing his right front leg , sheridan is still the same playful dog who obeys commands for dog biscuits .
sheridan runs up and down a beach on just three legs .
sheridan 's owners said : ` for the time he has