a ` superfan ' of charles manson who is set to carry out her vow to marry the 80-year-old notorious mass murderer was spotted out in california .
afton elaine burton , who calls herself star , was spotted fabric shopping and looking at white satin , possibly for a wedding dress to sew for her jailhouse ceremony .
the 26-year-old has been writing to the killer since she was a teen and even moved from her home in illinois to the california town where he is imprisoned .
previous reports had said the two were already married , but a formal ceremony has yet to be held .
scroll down for video .
afton elaine burton , who calls herself star , was spotted fabric shopping and looking at white satin , possibly for a wedding dress to sew for her jailhouse ceremony .
star is set to wed charles manson in a ceremony that will possibly take place this weekend .
manson was granted a marriage license to marry star in november of last year .
star , 26 , says she has been a fan on manson , 80 , since she was a teenager .
the couple filed for a marriage license on november 7 , which gave them just 90 days to carry out the nuptials .
california department of corrections spokesman jeffrey callison previously stated that the wedding would have to take place on a visiting day , which happen on saturdays , sundays and certain holidays -lrb- including thanksgiving -rrb- .
callison said the couple would be allowed 10 guests from outside the prison , two guests from inside the prison and an officiant of their own choosing .
however , the two are not be allowed to consummate their marriage since manson 's life in prison sentence bans him from receiving conjugal visits .
in previous interviews , star gushed about falling in love with manson and his ` philosophy ' as a teen , and how she already considered herself married to him .
n previous interviews , star said she fell in love with manson and his ` philosophy ' as a teenager .
star says she considers herself already married to the notorious mass murderer .
manson and star have just 90 days to wed following the date the licence was granted on november 7 .
` i 'm