ex chancellor gerard schroeder , who has a penchant for art , cashmere and cigars , has split from wife number four , it has been reported .
former german chancellor gerhard schroeder , who was once a figure of fun in the political world for his colourful personal life , has separated from wife number four .
he has split from his wife of 18 years , doris köpf , and moved out of the family home into a separate apartment , it has been reported .
schroeder earned the nickname the ` audi chancellor ' during his political career because he he has had as many wedding rings as the car maker 's symbol .
he wed ms kopf , a former journalist , in 1997 but has now left their home in the upmarket area of hanover .
reports suggest the pair will continue to share parenting duties .
they adopted two russian children from orphanages in st petersburg in july 2004 and 2006 .
the cigar smoking former chancellor , who has also been dubbed the ` lord of the rings ' , has had a busy personal life .
in 1968 , he married his childhood sweetheart , librarian eva schubach , divorcing her three years later as his political career took hold .
the following year he wed political activist and teacher anne taschenmacher .
schroeder married wife number three hiltrud hampel in 1984 - they had met at an spd conference .
he has split from his fourth wife of 18 years , doris köpf -lrb- pictured -rrb- , and moved out of the family home .
doris schroeder-kopf , 51 , a former journalist , was the latest wife of the man who is nicknamed the ` audi chancellor ' because he has had as many wedding rings as the car maker 's prestige symbol .
wife number three , in 1984 , was hiltrud hampel , a socialite environmentalist .
they became known as the clintons of saxony : germany 's first celebrity political couple who for 12 years wooed the german public with their various campaigns .
while schröder worked on his role as career politician , hampel a devoted vegetarian , campaigned for animal rights .
when he married kopf , a pretty blonde 20 years his junior , in 1998 , he warned her that he changed his