by .
kieran corcoran .
south korea 's prime minister has resigned over the government 's handling of a ferry sinking that left more than 300 people dead or missing .
chung hong-won 's resignation comes amid rising indignation over claims by the victims ' relatives that the government did not do enough to rescue or protect their loved ones .
most of the dead and missing were high school students on a school trip .
a spokesman said president park geun-hye would accept the resignation , but did not say when mr chung would leave office .
south korean prime minister chung hong-won bows during of a press conference in seoul this morning where he announced his intent to resign over the sewol ferry sinking .
officials have taken into custody all 15 .
people involved in navigating the ferry sewol , which sank april 16 .
a .
prosecutor revealed that investigators were also looking into .
communications made as the ship sank between a crew member and the .
company that owns the ferry .
south korean executive power is largely concentrated in the president , park geun-hye , so the resignation appears to be largely symbolic .
mr chung was heckled by relatives and .
his car was blocked when he visited a shelter on an island near the site .
of the sinking a week ago .
on sunday , he issued an extraordinary .
statement to reporters in seoul on the national tragedy .
` as .
i saw grieving families suffering with the pain of losing their loved .
ones and the sadness and resentment of the public , i thought i should .
take all responsibility as prime minister , ' mr chung said .
` there .
have been so many varieties of irregularities that have continued in .
every corner of our society and practices that have gone wrong .
i hope .
these deep-rooted evils get corrected this time and this kind of .
accident never happens again .
' a relative of a passenger aboard the sunken sewol ferry looks toward the sea as she awaits news on her missing loved one at a port in jindo , south korea , saturday , april 26 , 2014 .
all 15 people involved in navigating the south korean ferry that sank and left 302 people dead or missing are