by .
aap .
rolf harris has spent his first night in a london jail as child advocates in australia criticised the sex offender 's sentence as too lenient .
the 84-year-old was immediately sent to wandsworth prison in south-west london after being sentenced to five years and nine months ' jail for a string of indecent assaults against four girls in the uk .
he will only have to serve half that sentence , however , meaning he will be released in less than three years .
scroll down for video .
rolf harris as he arrived at southwark crown court without his wife alwen for his sentence .
former hey dad !
star and bravehearts ambassador sarah monahan criticised the sentence as ` way too light ' on social media .
` it saddens me you get more time for money offences than you do for crimes against children , ' she wrote on her facebook page .
ms monahan said the parallels between the harris sentencing and that of australian actor robert hughes - her on-screen father who assaulted her and three other young girls during the 1980s and 1990s - ` astound me ' .
hughes was sentenced in may to 10 years and nine months ' jail but could be released in six years .
in sentencing harris at southwark crown court on friday , justice nigel sweeney said : ` you have shown no remorse for your crimes at all .
' sexual abuse victim sarah monahan -lrb- left -rrb- and children 's rights activist hetty johnson -lrb- right -rrb- have condemned harris 's actions .
support : harris was flanked by his wife alwen and daughter bindi when the jury found him guilty of all counts earlier this week .
bravehearts founder hetty johnston said that was to be expected .
` the remorse would be a lie anyway , ' ms johnston told aap .
` it 's a very , very selfish act to hurt a child .
you ca n't do it unless you have a lack of empathy .
` he 's ignorant , self-absorbed and an egomaniac .
' i think his victims feel vindicated anyway .
i do n't think they expected remorse from a man like him .
' after harris was sentenced , one of the four victims in the case said she felt `