actors from privileged backgrounds dominate film and television , the chair of bafta anne morrison -lrb- above -rrb- has claimed .
actors from privileged backgrounds dominate film and television , the chair of bafta has claimed .
anne morrison said more should be done to ensure underprivileged actors can crack the industry .
ms morrison , the second woman to take the chair post , is particularly concerned that films will start to reflect just one demographic , as ` supremely talented ' students from poorer backgrounds are missing out .
speaking to the evening standard , she said : ` we want a truly diverse industry , we want to hear stories from everybody .
` we should celebrate all people who succeed , privileged or not , but we do need to intervene and help those whose talents would otherwise be lost to us .
' the spat over whether the arts world is dominated by privileged people started after a labour mp criticised the number of posh actors and musicians in britain .
chris bryant , shadow minister for the arts , referred specifically to boarding school stars such as singer james blunt and oscar-winner eddie redmayne in his rant .
mr bryant , who attended the # 20,000-a-year cheltenham college , said that ` their ilk ' were creating a ` cultural drought ' .
the remarks sparked a furious response from harrow-educated blunt , who retorted by calling mr bryant a ` prejudiced wazzock ' and blamed him for using the ` politics of jealousy ' to win votes .
in a letter to the mp , the you 're beautiful singer said : ' i happened to go to a boarding school .
no one helped me at boarding school to get into the music business .
' i bought my first guitar with money i saved from holiday jobs -lrb- sandwich packing !
-rrb- .
' the spat over whether the arts world is dominated by privileged people started after a labour mp criticised the number of posh actors and musicians in britain , including eddie redmayne -lrb- above with his oscar trophy -rrb- .
chris bryant -lrb- left -rrb- , shadow minister for the arts , caused a furious response from harrow-educated singer james blunt -lrb- right -rrb- , who called the labour mp a ` prejudiced wazzock ' but mr bryant