by .
mark prigg .
google 's attempt to register the word ` glass ' as s a trademark for its electronic glasses has been stalled by the united states ' trademark office .
the firm is involved in a long-running row over the word , with experts claiming it is too generic to be patented and the usto rejecting google 's application .
google , on the other hand , claims the word applies to its entire glass product , which includes frames , and not just the glass component .
a trademark examiner raised two objections , one of which was that the trademark was too similar to other trademarks containing the word ` glass ' , which could lead to confusion for consumers .
while google has already registered the term ` google glass ' as a trademark , a report in the wall street journal this week revealed that the u.s. patent and trademark office has objected to the ` glass ' trademark application , submitted last year .
according to the report , a trademark examiner raised two objections , one of which was that the trademark was too similar to other trademarks containing the word ` glass ' , which could lead to confusion for consumers .
the other objection was that the word ` glass ' was merely descriptive , ans that such generic terms can not be trademarked under us federal law .
google 's trademark attorneys wrote a 1,928-page letter to the government in response to the trademark office 's decision to stall the trademark application .
however , the letter from google 's lawyers contained around 1,900 articles about google glass , with the remainder of the letter disputing the trademark examiner 's objection that using the word ` glass ' as a trademark would confuse consumers and the assertion that it was merely a descriptive word .
it also singled out other firms that have the word glass in their logo .
the trademark office has yet to make a final ruling on the application .
the usto document concluded that ` glass ' would be ` be understood as describing a feature of some the goods , namely , that some of the goods will incorporate display screens and/or lenses that are or will be made of , inter alia , glass .
' although google is not