by .
emma innes .
these remarkable pictures show the ` giraffe women ' of eastern burma .
these kayan women , from kayah state , wear brass coils around their necks to give the impression that their necks are stretched .
having a long neck is often seen as beautiful in kayan culture .
the kayan women of eastern burma wear brass rings around their necks to make them appear longer .
they can start wearing the rings from the age of five and tend to add more rings as they get older .
while the neck rings make the women 's necks appear long , in reality , the weight of the coils pushes down the muscles around the collarbone and compresses the rib cage - meaning their necks appear longer than they are .
the women -- who can start wearing the rings from the age of five - have a long piece of brass wound in a spiral around their necks .
the metal is wound manually by the women and , as brass is tough , this process can take many hours .
a full set of the neck rings can weigh as much as 10 kilos - but few of the women now wear a full set .
most women gradually increase the number of coils on their rings to steadily increase the apparent length of their necks .
despite the weight of the rings , the women wearing them experience little restriction to their movement .
the rings do not actually stretch the women 's necks - the weight pushes down their collarbones and compresses their rib cages making their necks appear longer .
the women can remove the rings but they tend not to as it can be uncomfortable and the skin underneath tends to be discoloured .
and , as the coiling and uncoiling process takes so long , the women rarely remove the rings -- they usually only do so to replace them with a longer version .
the coils can be safely removed even though the muscles underneath are weakened .
however , many women prefer not to have them removed as their necks and collarbones are left bruised and discoloured underneath and they suffer discomfort when they are removed .
additionally , when they have been wearing the rings for a long time , many of the women