it 's a cafe that offers all-you-can-eat biscuits , endless cups of tea and unlimited wifi .
the only catch ?
you have to pay for your stay .
the uk 's first pay-per-minute cafe ziferblat , which means clock face in russian , charges customers 3p for every minute they spend inside .
when guests arrive at the east london cafe they take a clock from the cupboard and keep it with them until they leave .
they then make their own coffee or prepare food -- and sometimes even wash their own dishes .
scroll down for video .
inspiration : the new london branch of russian cafe ziferblat - which means clock face - charges customers 3p a minute to be there , but in exchange offers all-you-can-eat biscuits endless cups of tea and unlimited wifi .
utopian : the idea is to create a ` free space ' where customers are treated more like ` micro-tenants ' the model has already proven popular in russia , where ziferblat 's owner , ivan mitin , owns nine other branches and welcomes 30,000 customers a month .
the cafe has been described as more of a social experiment born out of the owner 's utopian dream .
the idea is to create a ` free space ' where customers are treated more like ` micro-tenants ' , as opposed to customers .
during their visit , they can make their own coffee from the professional machine and prepare their own food in the kitchen or have it made for them .
hipsters : the london branch of ziferblat is in trendy old street , shoreditch .
quirky : the cafe is furnished with unusual furniture , an antique piano , and a selection of books .
the london branch of ziferblat , in trendy old street , is furnished with unusual furniture , an antique piano , and a selection of books .
mr mitin said during the first month of the uk opening , they have already drawn in some regulars .
he said yesterday : ` londoners are more prepared for such a concept ; they understand the idea instantly .
` it 's funny to see people queuing here to wash their dishes .
it 's not obligatory , but it 's appreciated .
` they even wash each other 's dishes .
it 's