by .
lydia warren .
published : .
11:12 est , 16 july 2012 .
| .
updated : .
11:20 est , 16 july 2012 .
a new mother who contracted an aggressive flesh-eating bacteria just days after giving birth to twins is now walking and could leave hospital as early as this week .
the astounding recovery comes two months after lana kuykendall , from charleston , south carolina , spotted a small bruise on the back of her leg that was growing by a quarter of an inch every hour .
it was diagnosed as necrotizing fasciitis , a serious .
infection of the skin , and doctors carried out nearly 20 operations in a bid to stop the disease , removing muscle tissue from her legs .
` it 's been a long road , a lot of .
which i do n't remember , but we 're recovering and that 's what matters , ' lana told today as she sat grinning beside her husband darren .
scroll down for video .
road to recovery : lana kuykendall , who contracted a flesh-eating bacteria days after giving birth to twins , is getting ready to go home two months on .
she is pictured with her husband darren .
` it 'll be nice to be home with the family and hopefully start our life as a whole family - for more than a few hours , ' she added .
five weeks ago , lana , 36 , was able to hold her babies for the first time since she became infected , after her condition improved and doctors deemed her well enough to be exposed to them .
heart-wrenching photographs captured the moment she held ian and abigail , with her husband and nurses looking on .
she has now moved from greenville memorial hospital to a rehabilitation facility , where she has learned to walk and care for her twins for when she returns home , which could be this week .
therapy : after noticing a bruise on the back of her leg , lana underwent 20 operations .
she has now been moved from the hospital to a rehab center , where she is pictured walking down stairs .
battle : doctors removed large amounts of muscle from her leg to stop the flesh-eating bacteria .
darren , her husband