by .
sophie jane evans .
spared jail : gianna registe , 21 , walked free from court today after carrying out a # 2,500 boots loyalty card scam - and blowing the lot on make-up .
a 21-year-old model walked free from court today after she carried out a # 2,500 loyalty card scam while working for boots - and blew the lot on make-up .
gianna registe amassed 25,000 points on her boots advantage card as she worked as an optical assistant at the chemist 's flagship store in oxford street , central london .
she credited the card with fake sales and rewards by introducing people for eye tests - before spending it all on make-up .
` she spent the # 2,500 on cosmetics and other toiletry items , ' peter zinner , prosecuting , told southwark crown court .
now , registe , who is listed as a commercial/alternative model for fusion management , has been sentenced to four months in prison , suspended for two years .
registe 's four-month scam was discovered after her suspicious bosses at boots launched an investigation last year , the court heard .
she has since found a new job as an .
optical assistant for high street chain specsavers - but has so far .
failed to inform her new employers about the fraud .
wearing a smart black trouser suit with a designer louis .
vuitton bag hanging off her arm , registe was stony-faced as she was .
sentenced today .
sentencing the model , judge david higgins told her : ` briefly , as an employee at boots , you used a staff loyalty card to acquire points to the value of # 2,500 .
` in one way or another you used them all .
this amounted to a gross , sustained and relatively sophisticated breach of trust over a period of three to four months .
` your criminal wrongdoing became routine and your behaviour was deeply deplorable and antisocial .
fraud : registe amassed 25,000 points on her boots advantage card as she worked as an optical assistant at the chemist 's flagship store in oxford street , london .
she credited the card with fake sales and rewards .
make-up spree : ` she then spent the # 2,500 on cosmetics and other toiletry items , ' said prosecutor peter