by .
chris pleasance .
published : .
03:59 est , 17 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:22 est , 17 december 2013 .
good friends like willie nelson and merle haggard got more credit for their contrary ways and trend-setting ideas , but it was ray price who set the precedent for change in country music more than a decade earlier .
price passed away monday at his texas home , having long outlasted most of his country music contemporaries and the prognosis doctors gave him when they discovered his pancreatic cancer in 2011 .
he was 87 .
the way the country music hall of fame member fought cancer was an apt metaphor for the way he lived his life , always fiercely charting a path few others might have the fortitude to follow .
scroll down for video .
country singer ray price has died at his texas ranch aged 87 after a long battle with pancreatic cancer .
price was a rommate and drinking partner of country star hank williams and took over as frontman of the singer 's band following his death .
along the way he changed the sound of country music , collaborated with and inspired the genre 's biggest stars and remained relevant for more than half a century .
` ray price was a giant in texas and country western music .
besides one of the greatest voices that ever sang a note , ray 's career spanned over 65 years in a business where 25 years would be amazing , ' said ray benson of the country music group asleep at the wheel .
price , one of country music 's most popular and influential singers and bandleaders , had more than 100 hits and was one of the last living connections to hank williams , who was price 's roommate and drinking partner .
country music hall of fame and museum historian michael mccall said price ` was one of his generation 's most important musical innovators , ' popularizing the bedrock 4/4 shuffle beat that can still be heard on every honky-tonk jukebox and most country radio stations in the world .
long career : during his six decades of producing music price , pictured here 50 years apart in 1957 and 2007 , had seven billboard no. 1 hits and made the country music