two men have appeared in court accused of killing a chef who died after they allegedly wrapped him in clingfilm .
richard bowler and david connor , both from canterbury , are charged with unlawfully killing 47-year-old alun williams by wrapping him in clingfilm and plastics and subjecting him to ` at least the risk of self-harm .
' mr williams , who worked as a chef on p&o ferries for more than 30 years , was found dead in a flat above a hairdressers ' in dover , kent , on august 20 last year .
richard bowler , 35 , and david connor , 23 , both from canterbury , kent , -lrb- pictured outside court today -rrb- are charged with unlawfully killing alun williams , who was wrapped in plastics and clingfilm at a flat in dover .
mr williams , 47 , was found dead and wrapped in clingfilm at a flat in dover , kent , on august 20 last year .
bowler , 35 , and connor , 23 , appeared at canterbury crown court today as the trial got underway .
they are both charged with unlawful killing and the charge specifies that wrapping mr williams in clingfilm and plastics ` subjected him to bodily harm in the form of dehydration , overheating and stress to his cardiovascular system ' .
it states that this was the ` substantial cause of his death ' .
the defendants also face an alternative charge of manslaughter by gross negligence , which specifies that by wrapping him up they owed him a duty of care and failed to take reasonable steps to ensure he was safe and well .
bowler appeared in court today dressed in a purple polo shirt and brown coat while connor wore a dark jacket in the dock .
prosecutor ian hope is expected to outline the crown 's case tomorrow morning but the jury has already been told it will involve details of gay websites , including gaydar and recon .
bowler and connor both deny the charges against them .
police officers stand guard at the entrance to the flat where mr williams was found dead in august last year .
forensic experts and police were called to the flat in dover last august following reports mr williams had died .
mr williams , who lived with his girlfriend in