by .
steve doughty .
published : .
07:40 est , 18 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
19:46 est , 18 november 2012 .
couples should not try to emulate the glamorous weddings of the stars if they really want their marriages to last , a high court judge said last night .
the lavish ceremonies splashed across the pages of celebrity magazines such as hello !
have little to do with the reality of lifelong commitment , according to sir paul coleridge .
they are also twice as likely to end in divorce over ten years , according to research from the marriage foundation , the charity sir paul launched this year .
forty per cent of stars ' marriages end within a decade compared to just 20 per cent of ordinary couples ' , the study found .
sir paul coleridge , left , has warned couples against developing false expectations of marriage from glossy magazines such as hello !
, pictured right .
` the worrying feature of these .
statistics is the picture they paint to those who regard the celebrity .
lifestyle as something to be admired and copied for its own sake , ' sir .
paul said .
` these are , after all , the role models .
upon which many , especially young people , fashion their lives .
aspiration for happiness built on celebrity lifestyle is , it seems , .
dangerously flawed .
all of us subconsciously want to believe that these .
beautiful people are living an idealised life which we can vicariously .
enjoy .
` surely this must create a false .
expectation within the participants that in some way their relationships .
will be better , easier and , above all , more exciting than the average .
a wedding issue of hello !
magazine being read .
the report says the celebrity culture absorbed from magazines like hello !
gives us an ` unrealistic , fairy-tale expectations about marriage ' ` unfortunately all men and women , .
glamorous or not , are riddled with the same weaknesses and shortcomings .
which surface even quite soon after the excitement of the wedding has .
died down .
' sir paul , a senior family court judge , .
said real life has nothing to do with the stars ' love stories