by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
09:53 est , 21 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:41 est , 18 september 2013 .
guilty : joseph naso , pictured here on june 17 , was convicted tuesday of murdering four women between the 1970s and 1990s , all of whose first and last names began with the same letters .
a former .
photographer was convicted tuesday of murdering four young california .
women decades ago after a two-month trial in which prosecutors called .
him a remorseless serial killer who preyed on young prostitutes .
jurors .
deliberated for about eight hours over two days in marin county .
superior court before finding joseph naso , 79 , guilty of slaying the .
four women with alliterative names : roxene roggasch in 1977 , carmen .
colon in 1978 , pamela parsons in 1993 and tracy tafoya in 1994 .
the .
so-called double initial murderer , so named because his victims ' first and .
last names all began with the same letter , did not visibly react when .
his damning verdict was read .
the jury of six men and six women will reconvene sept. 4 to determine if naso gets the death penalty .
all .
the victims were found dumped in rural northern california locations .
roggasch 's body was found in marin county and was the reason naso 's .
trial was held in the historical marin civic center designed by noted .
architect frank lloyd wright .
colon was found in contra costa county and .
the other two victims in yuba county .
naso .
was arrested in 2010 after probation officers visiting his reno , nev. , .
home in connection with an unrelated gun conviction discovered numerous .
photographs of nude women posed in unnatural positions who appeared dead .
or unconscious with mannequin parts and lingerie strewn about nearby .
according to kntv , he told the cops it was his art .
scroll down for video ... double initials : nasok killed -lrb- clockwise from top left -rrb- 18-year-old roxene roggasch ; 22-year-old carmen colon ; 38-year-old pamela parsons , and 31-year-old tracy tafoya .
graphic .
entries from naso 's journal that detailed how the killer stalked and .
raped his victims were read in court during the closing arguments .