by .
ellie zolfagharifard .
it 's the ideal solution for commuters - a full size bicycle which fits into a bag and is assembled in less than ten minutes .
commuters struggling to fit their fold-up bikes on trains will instead be able to carry a normal-sized bike to work with them in a small backpack the size of a tyre .
on arrival , all they need to do is attach the various aluminium hollow tubes together from simple twist joints - including the wheels .
commuter 's dream : this full-size prototype bicycle fits into a bag and is assembled in under ten minutes .
and the chain is different to most bikes in that it uses a rubber belt drive system reinforced with carbon , while to brake you simply stop pedalling .
amit mirchandani , a creative director at indian creative agency lucid design , helped come up with the design because he wanted to make a full-size but compact carrying bike .
the result is the kit bike - designed to take out the awkward nature of fold-up bikes .
mr mirchandani , 35 , said : ` conventional bikes are awkward in every way except when you ride them .
twist and lock : commuters struggling to fit their fold-up bikes on trains will instead be able to carry a normal-sized bike to work with them in a small backpack the size of a tyre -lrb- left -rrb- .
the prototype kit bike is put together by attaching the various aluminium hollow tubes using simple twist joints -lrb- right -rrb- .
storage : each wheel is stored in a separate section of the bag , separate from the remaining 19 parts .
a rival design to the kit bike is the origami bike that can fold into a package the size as an umbrella .
an italian designed has revealed the bike , which even has folding wheels , and a hub instead of a chain .
however , despite its tiny size when folded , it still boast full size 26inch wheels and can even be folded in a single move .
inventor gianluca sada says he first came up with the idea after being disappointed with current folding bike designs .
` the idea of a folding bike has undertaken numerous studies that focus on reducing the weight and dimensions which