by .
james nye .
and alex greig .
published : .
17:13 est , 11 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
11:48 est , 12 march 2014 .
denial : chimerix ceo kevin moch will now supply 7-year-old cancer sufferer josh hardy with the life-saving anti-viral drug he needs .
the ceo of the drug company that had been refusing to supply lifesaving medication to a seven-year-old cancer survivor from virginia has caved into public pressure and said the boy will now get it .
chimerix chief kenneth moch announced on tuesday night that his firm will begin a pilot trial for the drug on wednesday - with josh hardy the program 's first patient .
the stunning reversal comes after moch faced huge criticism for denying the fredericksburg boy the medication brincidofovir to fight off an infection he developed after a bone marrow transplant .
indeed at one point , moch was accused of hanging up the phone to a charity that offered up the $ 50,000 needed to buy it for the child .
in a statement , moch said that after much careful consideration chimerix would offer josh the medicine .
` this 20-patient open-label study underscores chimerix 's mission to develop innovative antiviral therapies in areas of high unmet need -- for everyone , ' moch said according to fox news .
` being unable to fulfill requests for compassionate use is excruciating , and not a decision any one of us ever wants to have to make .
` it is essential that each individual in a health crisis be treated with equal gravity and value , a principle we have upheld by pursuing further clinical study of brincidofovir that will inform its use in adenovirus and other serious dna viral infections .
' scroll down for video .
courageous : josh has already battled cancer four times in his seven years .
earlier on tuesday it was reported that moch put down the phone on richard plotkin , vice chair of the max cure foundation after he offered to pay the $ 50,000 needed to secure the brincidofovir .
' i spoke to mr. moch yesterday by phone .
i told him that we had the $ 50,000 that i thought he was claiming he needed to supply the drug , ' richard plotkin , vice chair of the max cure