by .
matt chorley , jason groves and mark duell .
published : .
17:26 est , 24 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
09:01 est , 26 september 2012 .
david cameron called in under-fire andrew mitchell for a face-to-face meeting after news broke that he had called police ` plebs ' during his foul-mouthed downing street rant , it emerged tonight .
the prime minister told mr mitchell his behaviour was unacceptable , and the government chief whip said that he did not use the words attributed to him in reports but accepted he needed to apologise .
he ` looked him in the eye ' , insisting he did n't use the word , sources said .
mr cameron has since read an official police log showing he called officers ` f ****** plebs ' , but is expected to stand by mr mitchell .
scroll down for video .
beleaguered : andrew mitchell , the conservative party chief whip speaks to the media outside the cabinet office in whitehall , central london , yesterday to address allegations he hurled abuse at a police officer .
boris johnson today claimed it would .
have been ` common sensical ' for police to have arrested mr mitchell for .
his outburst , which the police log says left members of the public ` visibly shocked ' .
but .
to further undermine mr mitchell 's explanation for his rant , it also .
emerged today that the ` long and extremely frustrating day ' which he .
blamed for his foul-mouthed tirade at police officers included lunch at .
london 's poshest curry house , the cinnamon club .
the full police log for the confrontation reveals details of the moment .
mr mitchell was told by officers to use a side gate to leave downing .
street , and not the main gates reserved for ministerial cars .
mr mitchell repeatedly stated that he was the chief whip and demanded the main gates be opened , the log says .
after several refusals he eventually made his way to the side gate , where he let rip at officers .
the police log states : ` there were several members of public present as is the norm opposite .
the pedestrian gate and as we neared it , mr mitchell said : `` best you