it is often claimed that women are better at multi-tasking and the effort by the woman in this video to carry her dog with one hand while climbing up a ladder are truly remarkable .
the brave and determined woman grits her teeth and climbs up from the steep thames embankment on a ladder near kew after rescuing her stranded dog who had slipped down a huge distance .
the resolute woman can first be seen trying to beckon her dog towards her but he appears to be slightly disorientated having wandered down to the narrow walkway at the bottom .
the woman then picks her dog up and begins to climb the long steep ladder while two of her friends wait at the top of the ladder on the towpath and try to encourage her .
the hazardous climb is not without risk and the woman slows down on a number of occasions as she tries to hold her dog tightly while navigating the awkward steps .
after two minutes of hard work the woman nears the top of the ladder and one of her friend 's in a navy jacket willingly descends four or five steps to take her dog from her .
come here : the woman beckons her dog towards her as she tries to get him out of the embankment .
rescue : the woman tries to calm the dog down -lrb- left -rrb- and she begins carrying him up the steep ladder -lrb- right -rrb- .
tough work : the dog may be relatively small but the woman certainly has her hands full as she climbs .
the handover is a carefully worked procedure but moments later the dog is being lifted up to the green grass at ground level .
there are an abundance of dogs waiting at the top for him and the rescued dog joins them and is soon interacting with them .
the dog 's owner and her friend who helped her with the rescue then scale the last few steps and embrace happily at the top after a job well done .
encouragement : the woman 's friends encourage her as she makes her way out of the embankment .
handover : the woman 's friend descends a number of steps and takes the dog from her .
relief : the woman safely reaches the top of the embankment