jailed : matthew woods , 19 , from chorley , lancashire , made a number of derogatory posts about april and missing madeline mccann .
a teenager has been jailed for 12 weeks after admitting making grossly offensive comments on his facebook page about missing youngster april jones .
matthew woods , 19 , from chorley , lancashire , made a number of derogatory posts about april and missing madeline mccann after getting the idea from a website that ` trades in sick jokes ' .
today he was sent to prison for three months amid a chorus of cheers and clapping across the courtroom .
the public gallery erupted while woods choked back tears as jp dr bill .
hudson told him : ` this was a disgusting and despicable crime which the .
bench find completely abhorrent .
` there .
were words used and references made to the case in wales and madeline .
mccann who went missing in portugal some years ago were nothing less .
than shocking .
` so much so no right thinking person in society should have communicated to them such distress .
` the .
families of those children should not be subjected to any use of social .
media like this .
we should all be aware of the sensitivity of other .
people and especially the family involved in such statements made on .
twitter , facebook and such like .
` we felt there was no other sentence which would convey the abhorrence that many people have for this sort of crime .
' april , five , disappeared a week ago today from near her home in machynlleth , wales .
mark bridger , 46 , is charged with her abduction and murder .
among woods ' comments were : ' i woke up this morning in the back of a transit van with two beautiful little girls , i found april in a hopeless place .
' jokes : matthew woods , 19 , from chorley , .
lancashire , made a number of derogatory posts about april , left , and missing .
madeleine mccann , right , who disappeared in 2007 , after getting the idea from sickipedia .
another read : ` who in their right mind would abduct a ginger kid ?
' others stated ' i love april jones ' and